
@_date: 1992-10-13 12:12:29
@_author: and who knows about the other side 
@_subject: Re: one time pads 
One time pads don't provide perfect security, George.  They only
provide perfect security if the opponent doesn't know the contents of
the pad.  Given that most small organizations are in locations that are
easily burglarized, ``when lives are at stake'' it would be easy for
governments to break in, copy the storage medium containing the pad, and
then read all past and future traffic encrypted with that pad.
All cryptography is economics.  If you make it harder to tap your phone
lines, but it's cheap to break in, they'll do that.  There is no absolute
security this side of the grave (and who knows about the other side).

@_date: 1992-10-27 01:31:25
@_author: so says the paper on it 
@_subject: Re: D-H telnet protocol  *  Cheap secure phones 
Fine, Perry.  You do it.  I want to get some "easy" protection out
there now.  Easy often turns out to be six months of work all by itself.
This is the intent.  The D-H protocol will not reveal any identifying
information, and the rest of what is transacted will be protected under
the secret key produced by the D-H protocol.
There's a "CELP" standard for voice encoding which you can get from
the Feds.  They used it as an upgrade in STU-III secure phones.  It's
Federal Standard 1016.  It encodes voice at 4800 bits per second with
better quality than any known algorithm under 16,000 bits per second
(so says the paper on it).  If you give it 16 kbits/sec, it is "toll
You can get a free copy of the standard, a "technical information
bulletin 92-1" entitled "Details to Assist in Implementation of Fed
Standard 1016 CELP", and four floppies full of C and Fortran software
that implements it, plus test cases, by requesting it from:
Note that this C and Fortran code doesn't run in realtime on workstations;
it requires a DSP.  But as the "Implementation Details" paper says:

@_date: 1992-10-27 02:08:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: A Trial Balloon to Ban Encryption? 
Maybe.  But I like John Perry Barlow's formulation better:
"You can have my encryption algorithm when you pry my cold dead fingers
from its private key."

@_date: 1992-11-05 00:56:03
@_author: I or II 
@_subject: random numbers 
Here is some code to run on a SparcStaion (I or II) to generate random
numbers based on noise from the audio chip.  I have not tested the true
randomness of the out but cause I don't know how.  Thus if anyone can
please do and send me the results.  I suppose some minor tweeking can be
made for the mid range gain for a better spread. unfortunatly there is no way to turn off the u-law audio compression
the chip uses to outputs data if you plot the out put you will see the
problem the compression caused.
 /bin/sh
# here be a shar file
echo x - Audio/Makefile
cat >Audio/Makefile <<'!E!O!F!'
LD= $(CC)
CC= cc
CFLAGS=-g -I/usr/demo/SOUND -I/usr/local/include
LIBS= -L/usr/demo/SOUND/ -laudio
audio_rand: audio_rand.o
test: audio_rand
 /bin/sh
echo x - Audio/audio_rand.c
cat >Audio/audio_rand.c <<'!E!O!F!'
static char *_author = "Peter Shipley\n";
 AUDIO_CHIP
      static char *_who_did_it = "Peter M Shipley (1992) [v0.1]\n";
   R:  16-31
   GX: 32-33
   GR: 33-34
 MMR2_BITS 45
 GX_GAIN 32
struct audio_ioctl ai;
extern void bzero();
int fd;
int j, i;
    if( (fd = open("/dev/audio", O_RDONLY)) < 0) {
    }
    bzero(ai, sizeof(struct audio_ioctl) );
    ai.control = AUDIO_MAP_ALL;
    if ( ioctl( fd, AUDIOGETREG, &ai ) < 0 ) {
    }
    /* set audio input to a unconnected pin (audio input B) */
    ai.data[MMR2_BITS] = ( ai.data[MMR2_BITS] & ~AUDIO_MMR2_BITS_AINB);
    /* set gain of the GX reg to the max */
    ai.data[GX_GAIN] = 0x7F;
    ai.data[GX_GAIN+1] = 0x0;
    for(i=0;;) {
static char *_author = "Peter Shipley\n";
 AUDIO_CHIP
     static char * print_byte();
static struct _map {
} map[] = {
    "X filter", 16,
    "R filter", 16,
    "GX Gain", 2,
    "GR Gain", 2,
    "GER Gain", 2,
    "Sidetone", 2,
    "Frequency Tone gen", 2,
    "Amplitude Tone gen", 2,
    "MMR1", 1,
    "MMR2", 1
 NMAPS  (sizeof(map) / sizeof(struct _map) )
struct audio_ioctl ai;
extern void bzero();
int fd;
int oldmmr2;
int newmmr2;
    if( (fd = open("/dev/audio", O_RDWR)) < 0) {
    }
    dump(fd);
    /*
    bzero(ai, sizeof(struct audio_ioctl) );
    ai.control = AUDIO_MAP_GX;
    if ( ioctl( fd, AUDIOGETREG, &ai ) < 0 ) {
    }
    ai.data[0] = ai.data[1] = 0;
    if ( ioctl( fd, AUDIOSETREG, &ai ) < 0 ) {
    }
    */
    sleep(5);
    dump(fd);
int f;
int i,k;
    bzero(ai, sizeof(struct audio_ioctl) );
    ai.control = AUDIO_MAP_ALL;
    if ( ioctl( f, AUDIOGETREG, &ai ) < 0 ) {
    }
    k=0;
    for(i = 0 ; i < NMAPS ; i++) {
    }
    (void) fputc('\n', stdout);
static char *
char c;
static char bt[9];
    bt[0] = ( (c & 0x01) ? '1' : '0');
    bt[1] = ( (c & 0x02) ? '1' : '0');
    bt[2] = ( (c & 0x03) ? '1' : '0');
    bt[3] = ( (c & 0x04) ? '1' : '0');
    bt[4] = ( (c & 0x05) ? '1' : '0');
    bt[5] = ( (c & 0x06) ? '1' : '0');
    bt[6] = ( (c & 0x07) ? '1' : '0');
    bt[7] = ( (c & 0x08) ? '1' : '0');
    bt[8] = NULL;
    return bt;

@_date: 1992-11-06 05:03:26
@_author: conference 
@_subject: 1993 RSA Data Security Conference 
RSA is putting on a conference on public key cryptography on the SF
peninsula on January 14th (conference) and 15th (tutorials and
exposition).  Last year's conference was smaller (one day) and quite
interesting.  Many of the best cryptographers in the world attended.
It's worth prying yourself out of your usual haunts for.
The conference is free.  Registration is "extremely limited, and is
first come, first served".  Phone +1 415 595 8782 and ask for
Conference Registration, to reserve your place (and a place for anyone
else at your company who's interested).  I'll see you there!

@_date: 1992-11-26 13:40:36
@_author:  Was: Tollhouse Cookies :- 
@_subject: Re: chip verification ( Was: Tollhouse Cookies :-) 
This is not useful, because devices can have internal state.  For example, a device could do the same thing in response to an input for 1000 times,
and then do something different when a counter reaches 1001.
I've been employed writing test vectors for chips.  It *is* possible
to write a set of tests that will verify that a piece of hardware
matches its design (which, BTW, is software, stored on a disk in a
database).  Every chip vendor does this on every chip they make, to
detect manufacturing defects.  These tests will not detect hardware
that has been deliberately modified to pass the tests, but to do
something different in actual operation.  This is an obvious risk when
the tests are necessarily publicly available.
Of course, if a particular form of modification is suspected, people
can write new tests that look for it.  But it becomes like the virus
protection game:  looking for the signatures of known viruses doesn't
protect you from unknown ones.  There's no proven way to detect all
modifications.  PS: See also Ken Thompson's paper, "reflections on trusting trust",
which was published as an ACM Turing Award lecture among other places.
Your CAD software could have been modified so that it inserts a mod
into your chip that doesn't appear in the chip's source code.  The
compiler used to build the CAD software could've been modified to
insert the above mod into your CAD software binaries as they are
compiled.  A compiler binary used to build the *compiler* sources into
binaries could have been modified to insert the compiler mod described
above.  Even if you have full sources, you can't trust the system --
you have to trust the people who bootstrapped it, and all the people
who wrote the tools *they* used.  "Proving" anything becomes very slippery

@_date: 1992-11-27 20:15:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Keys & Signatures 
Here is the collection of keys and signatures from the last meeting.
Feed this file into pgp to add them to your key ring.
Please remember that posting "your" public key is not sufficient when
you want people to believe that the key corresponds to a physical person (you).
It's fine for communicating with people who you have't met or don't care
to meet.  But the way we can tell that the key matches the physical person
who we met, is to have it signed by someone we trust.  The signature
indicates that "I certify that this key really does belong to the physical
person identified in the name field".  Don't sign someone's key unless
you are sure you can make that statement (like, they're standing in the
same room with you and they verify that they key ID matches their real key).
Don't sign a key that you received by email or over a modem; it might
be from someone impersonating your friend (when they left their keyboard
unattended for a few minutes).
PGP works on the model that you specify, for each person on your key
ring, how much you trust them to introduce you to other people.  For
example, I trust Tom Jennings "most of the time", and I got Tom's key
from him personally.  So I know that if Tom's signature appears on
someone's key, it probably really is that person.  I've instructed PGP
to know this, too.  I also trust Phil Karn as an introducer, and got
his key from him personally.  PGP knows that if both Phil and Tom have
signed someone's key, that I can believe it *really* is that person.
The people you trust will be the people *you* trust; don't rely on trusting
someone else's friends.  We are trying to set up an interlocking web of
trusted friends so that even if you don't know me, you will know and trust
two other people who know me, and can thereby know my key is good.
Making a key distribution system that works on a web of trust is
research.  It's never been done before.  We'd like to give it a good
try, among highly motivated people, to understand how it works and how
to improve it.  The alternative we're faced with (e.g. in PEM) is
hierarchical systems in which some authority figure signs your key --
with all the attendant possibilities for misuse of power.  Let's see
if a looser, more flexible system can work as well or better.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-12-08 05:31:54
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Captain Midnight returns? 
Hmm, perhaps we should eventually build real Captain Midnight Decoder
Rings, which would fit around your finger.  When the face of the ring
was inserted into a DIN-plug serial port, it would power up, and talk a
serial protocol to do the crypto operations needed to sign and decrypt
messages, a la Phil Karn's design.  There are smart-card microcontrollers
with most or all of the right features -- we'd just have to figure out how
to pot one into a ring with a truncated DIN-plug.

@_date: 1992-12-10 03:03:08
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: No more PGP keys without signatures, please! 
People continue to post PGP keys that are not vouched for by anyone.
E.g. none of the keys for remailers has any signatures.  This makes it
impossible to trust those remailers, since anyone could have generated
such a key and sent it through a remailer saying it was from someone
If you put up a remailer service, sign its key with your personal key,
at least.  Preferably get a few other people to sign it (by showing them
that they key is really the one used in the remailer, in person).
If you generate a key for yourself, don't just post it -- take it to
a friend, and cross-sign each others' keys.  If you do that a few times,
then you can post it, and the receipients are likely to know one of those
friends, possibly trusting them to certify your key.

@_date: 1992-12-10 08:01:27
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: No Subject 
Fourth Meeting
When: Saturday, Dec 12, 1992, 12:00 noon
Where: Cygnus Support offices
Schedule: 1. Media coverage.  Do we want to deal with the	press?  If so, how?
2. Reputation Systems.  Dean Tribble presenting.
3. Authenticated Diffie-Hellman (STS). Arthur Abraham presenting.
4. Reports
1. Please be prompt.  We will begin the business section at 1:00
2. Bring a portable computer and your key rings for PGP key exchange
and signing.

@_date: 1992-12-10 11:14:03
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: Directions to Cygnus support offices 
Take US 101 toward Mt. View.  From San Francisco, it's about a
40-minute drive.  Get off at the Rengstorff Ave/Amphitheatre Parkway
exit.  If you were heading south on 101, you curve around to the
right, cross over the freeway, and get to a stoplight.  If you were
heading north on 101, you just come right off the exit to the
stoplight.  The light is the intersection of Amphitheatre and
Charleston Rd.  Take a right on Charleston; there's a right-turn-only
Follow Charleston for a short distance.  You'll pass the
Metaphor/Kaleida buildings on the right.  At a clump of palm trees and
a "Landmark Deli" sign, take a right into Landings Drive.  At the end
of the road, turn left into the complex with the big concrete
"Landmark" sign.  Follow the road past the deli til you are in front
of the clock tower that rises out of one of the buildings, facing you.
Enter through the doors immediately under the clock tower.  They'll be
open between noon and 1PM at least.  (See below if you're late.)
Once inside, take the stairs up, immediately to your right.  At the top
of the stairs, turn right past the treetops, and we'll be in 1937 on your left.  The door is marked "Cygnus".
If you are late and the door under the clock tower is locked, you can
walk to the deli (which will be around the building on your left, as
you face the door).  Go through the gate in the fence to the right of
the deli, and into the back lawns between the complex and the farm
behind it.  Walk forward and right around the buildings until you see
a satellite dish in the lawn.  Go up the stairs next to the dish,
which are the back stairs into the Cygnus office space.  We'll prop
the door (or you can bang on it if we forget).
Or, you can find the guard who's wandering around the complex, who
knows there's a meeting happening and will let you in.  They can be
beeped at 965 5250, though you'll have trouble finding a phone.
Don't forget to eat first, or bring food at noon!  I recommend hitting
the burrito place on Rengstorff (La Costen~a) at about 11:45.  To get
there, when you get off 101, take Rengstorff (toward the hills) rather
than Amphitheatre (toward the bay).  Follow it about ten blocks until
the major intersection at Middlefield Road.  La Costen~a is the store
on your left at the corner.  You can turn left into the narrow lane
behind the store, which leads to a parking lot, and enter by the front
door, which faces the intersection.  To get to the meeting from there,
just retrace your route on Rengstorff, go straight over the freeway,
and turn right at the stoplight onto Charleston; see above.
See you there!

@_date: 1992-12-19 14:46:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: TEMPEST 
Our government should not be our opponent when we try to find out how
to provide high levels of privacy for ourselves, our computers, and
our communications.
Ignoring that, yes, TEMPEST doesn't look like a deep dark conspiracy.
It's legal to shield your equipment and probably legal to export it (if
you didn't use the classified TEMPEST specifications in building it,
but reverse engineered them yourself).  The government is not our enemy
here (like it *is* our enemy in the drug war), but it isn't our friend

@_date: 1993-01-01 23:10:10
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Why mailers should not touch the body 
A fair question (though not phrased as one).
The reason to build mailers that faithfully pass on the entire body of
the message, without any kind of alteration, is that it permits you to
send ANY body through that mailer and rely on its faithful arrival at the
If there are no exceptions to the "ANY body" rule, programs can assume
that the mail system is a black box (you put info in here, it comes out
over there -- you don't care about its guts).  If there are exceptions,
then it becomes more complicated for programs (and humans!) to use the
mail system to pass arbitrary information.
One of the great things about adding checksums to messages is that
mail and news paths which alter messages will be detected and corrected.
I think that if PGP is told that something it signs is text, it should
canonicalize line endings from the local storage format (whether
newlines are CR, LF, or CRLF) and that's it.  If a message passes
through a system that expands all tabs to spaces, the messages is
corrupted and its signature SHOULD not match.  Systems which cannot
represent strings of ASCII/ISO-Latin-1 text characters separated by
line-endings (such as IBM mainframes which assume EBCDIC 80-column
records padded out with trailing blanks) cannot be used "in the
obvious way" to move signed textual email.  The email will have to be
encoded to pass through such non-transparent mail systems -- which
will be sufficiently painful that eventually the mail systems will be
It's already a pain that most Internet email won't handle a body consisting
of arbitrary 8-bit bytes.  If they fix that throughout 80% of the Internet,
the other 20% will be forced to go along, or forced to receive an endless
stream of corrupted binaries, uncheckable signatures, etc, from the
fully capable part of the net.
PS:  I note that my own mailer, MH, inserts an extra newline at the beginning
of many messages, and probably to the end as well.  A proper body checksum
would detect that and report an error.

@_date: 1993-01-01 23:13:51
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Why remailers shouldn't suppress signatures 
A further issue relates to stripping signatures.  Let's be clear here.
Remove the file ".signature" from your home directory and you'll be done
with *that* hassle.
PS: An extra credit note for the differently clued among us:  Suppose
you wanted to have a *different* signature for each of your multiple
identities?  I guess the remailers had better not strip off signatures, eh?

@_date: 1993-01-15 09:15:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: need for more anon remailer sites 
I suggest using a dictionary to come up with "names" of anonymous users:
You could pick them in random order, or sequentially.
This technology is sufficiently cheap to replicate that it doesn't
matter whether we set up a "covert" network before or after it becomes
illegal (if ever).  What matters is that we have experience at running
such a network.  Such experience is much easier to come by in the open --
since you can talk about it!
While I applaud the efforts of some people to set up contingencies for
"after we lose our liberties and need to actively oppose the
government", please don't forget to actively oppose poor government
policies *now*, before the loss of that liberty.  In other words,
there's plenty of work to be done today to *keep* this an open society.
And it's much easier to keep one than to get one back.

@_date: 1993-01-15 09:28:27
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: If People Were Honest 
A few days ago I had a personal illustration of how even honest people
need privacy.
The Board of Directors of EFF had met to make some decisions.  Some of
these involved firing employees, closing offices, etc.  (See
comp.org.eff.news and .talk for all the details).  It took a few days
to finalize everything, though.  During that time, we needed privacy
in order to not hurt people (they might hear a false rumor that was
the result of an intermediate stage in the decision; they might hear
from some source other than us that they were losing their jobs, etc).
We seriously had to consider whether to use email to work out the
final details, since the system administrators had not yet been told.
Cellular phones were right out.
As it worked out, it was fine.  The announcement was posted to the net
slightly after the meeting in which we told all the employees what was
happening.  I won't say nobody was hurt -- we all were -- but we were
all a lot less hurt than if the staff had "accidentally" found out,
before anyone responsible for the decision had told them personally.

@_date: 1993-01-29 13:05:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: RSA assurance referenced in PEM posting 
Here is the RFC 1170 referred to in the posting about Privacy Enhanced
Mail.  I note that it only covers signatures, not key exchange.
Network Working Group                                         R. Fougner
Request for Comments: 1170                           Public Key Partners
                                                            January 1991
                   Public Key Standards and Licenses
Status of this Memo
   This RFC is a public statement by Public Key Partners regarding
   Public Key Standards and Licenses.  This memo is for informational
   use only, and does not constitute an Internet standard.  Distribution
   of this memo is unlimited.
Public Key Standards and Licenses
   The Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the Board of Trustees
   of the Leland Stanford Junior University have recently granted Public
   Key Partners exclusive sublicensing rights to the following patents
   registered in the United States, and all of their corresponding
   foreign patents:
      Cryptographic Apparatus and Method
      ("Diffie-Hellman")............................... No. 4,200,770
      Public Key Cryptographic Apparatus
      and Method ("Hellman-Merkle").................... No. 4,218,582
      Cryptographic Communications System and
      Method ("RSA")................................... No. 4,405,829
      Exponential Cryptographic Apparatus
      and Method ("Hellman-Pohlig").................... No. 4,424,414
   These patents cover all known methods of practicing the art of Public
   Key, including the variations collectively known as El Gamal.
   Due to the broad acceptance of RSA digital signatures throughout the
   international community, Public Key Partners strongly endorses its
   incorporations in a digital signature standard.  We assure the
   interested parties that Public Key Partners will comply with all of
   the policies of ANSI and the IEEE concerning the availability of
   licenses to practice this art.  Specifically, in support of any RSA
   signature standard which may be adopted, Public Key Partners hereby
   gives its assurance that licenses to practice RSA signatures will be
   available under reasonable terms and conditions on a non-
   discriminatory basis.
Fougner                                                         [Page 1]
RFC 1170           Public Key Standards and Licenses        January 1991
   We take this opportunity to thank all of those concerned for their
   collective efforts in making this technology readily available for
   commercial implementation.
                                           Public Key Partners
                                           By:  Robert B. Fougner
                                                Director of Licensing
Security Considerations
   This memo discusses fair access to the use of public key technology
   to implement security.
Author's Address
   Robert B. Fougner
   Director of Licensing
   Public Key Partners
   130 B Kifer Court
   Sunnyvale, CA 94086
   Phone:  (408) 735-6779
Fougner                                                         [Page 2]

@_date: 1993-02-05 11:17:05
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: `Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
Actually I think you meant 64 kbits/sec.
I wouldn't say "without any real loss of quality".  I have an AT&T secure
phone on loan for evaluation (attendees at the last Mt. View cypherpunks
meeting have played with it).  It compresses voice to 4800 b/s then encrypts
it and uses a stripped down V.32 modem to send it.
The voice is intelligible on the other end, but there is definitely a
loss of quality.  It sounds like you are talking through the bubbler
in an aquarium (underwater).  But it is possible to recognize
someone's voice on the other end, at least when you already know who
it is.  "No real loss of quality" goes way too far.
By the way, I have public domain (federally written) code that
compresses voice down to this size.  It's called CELP, Code Excited
Linear Prediction.  The only catch is the code they wrote runs much
slower than realtime (on workstations).  My guess is that there are
significant speedups that we could make by hacking on it and running
gprof.  Van Jacobson has done some work on this, but his policy seems
to be to sit on anything good for two to three years before releasing
it.  Anyone interested in beating him to the net with something that
would compress voice (or voicemail) in realtime on a 486 or a SPARC?

@_date: 1993-02-05 16:12:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: CELP speech compression code at cygnus.com:/pub/celp.speech.tar.Z 
The code is up for FTP where you-all can get it.  I made both compressed
and gzip'd versions (gzip gives smaller files than compress, is faster
to decompress, but slower to compress).
-rw-rw-r--   1 gnu      cygnus    2571835 Feb  5 16:04 celp.speech.tar.Z
-rw-rw-r--   1 gnu      cygnus    2099441 Feb  5 16:09 celp.speech.tar.z
Much of the tar file is samples of compressed and uncompressed speech,
(used for testing the code).  The actual C code is about 340K uncompressed,
and there's also a Fortran version in there.
I have a copy of the actual compression standard, but not online.
The Information Liberation Front is welcome to a copy -- maybe
I should just leave it on the table at the next meeting and hope someone
"anonymously" picks it up and scans it in.  It's public domain, so
there's no special thrill from liberating it.

@_date: 1993-02-26 02:42:34
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Moral dilemma. (not really) 
This person, like most such complainers, is uninformed.  They are
taking advantage of your physical and informational distance from the
actual situation:
(1)  It's completely a matter of local law whether "ticket scalping"
is legal or not.  Many jurisdictions have no problem with businesses
investing in "ticket futures" in the hope that the price will rise.
In any case, it is not "extremely illegal".  Murder is "extremely illegal",
except when done on behalf of a government.  Scalping is a minor crime
when it's a crime at all -- like jaywalking.
(2) Promoting a private enterprise for profit on the Internet is
completely legal and ethical.  The Transatlantic link is certainly
open to commercial business.  Now, if they'd said "...on the Usenet"
then there would be guidelines to follow, which mostly include
sticking to the topic and not posting repetitive ads.  I think that a
single ticket ad in the Grateful Dead newsgroup is not out of line on
either count.  Especially given the number of people who end up looking
for tickets because of bogus Grateful Dead Ticket Service policies.
(3)  Individuals selling things in "garage sale" mode are exempt from any
ethical or moral Usenet/Internet restrictions on "commercial use" anyway.
Scalping tickets is a perfectly legitimate business enterprise.
Scalping Grateful Dead tickets is even a commendable activity,
considering the hassles that the Dead scene puts you through to get
tickets.  Personally, I only go when some friend offers me tickets,
since it ain't worth the bullshit of tracking when to order (via
email list or polling their phone service), sending in money orders
within half a day of then, and following all the little regulations
about the size and shape of the envelope, etc.
A lot of places that have little `protected' markets like this, are going
to find out what a free market is like.  Good.

@_date: 1993-02-26 03:01:57
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
We have to keep an eye on each others' knees here -- there's a
tendency for a knee-jerk reaction not based on reality.
Squabbling over what "crimes" or "antisocial acts" should disqualify one
from being able to use anonymity is ***WAY*** missing the point.  It is
the people who have crossed one of those lines who need the protection the
most!  And, at least the US Supreme Court thinks it is in society's interest
to protect them:
    The case is Talley v. California, 362 US 60 (1960), in which the
    Supreme Court invalidated an ordinance which prohibited the
    distribution of any handbill not bearing the name and address of the
    person who prepared it.  The Court rejected the state's claim that the
    ordinance was necessary to help identify those responsible for fraud,
    false advertising, or libel.  According to Tribe, the Court reasoned
    that "a ban on anonymous pamphleteering falls with much greater force
    upon individuals and groups who fear majoritarian disapproval and
    reprisal -- upon dissidents and upon the unpopular -- than upon those
    with widely approved messages to deliver."
To quote a cypherpunk who usually has more sense:
I inserted the [ and ].  He forgot to note that he's *already*
advocating opinion-censoring, and yes, he's already sliding down the
PS:  There is no way to enforce rules on the content of messages sent
through encrypted anonymous remailers.  Think about it for a minute.
All there needs to be is *one* remailer anywhere in the world, which will
send any message to the final destination.  Anyone can send an encrypted
message to the "freedom-loving" remailer, via their local remailer.  Even
if the inputs to the freedom-loving remailer were tapped, the messages
that arrived there would already be anonymous (headers stripped) and
Since what passes through the rest of the "freedom-hating" anonymous
remailers is encrypted, they can't see the content anyway.  You could
prohibit encrypted messages through your freedom-hating remailer, but
(1) that's easy to circumvent, and (2) what would be the point of
your running a remailer?

@_date: 1993-02-28 23:31:30
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity in the real world 
The person who wrote this stuff hasn't thought it through.  Any of these
things can and do happen right now over the telephone (anonymously)
and through postal mail (anonymously).  Somehow, society has not fallen
into anarchy because anyone can drop a letter in a mailbox.  Why not?
(pause here and actually think about it...)
Now you are closer to reality.  It appears that at least the DEA is
getting *severe* funding cuts under President Inhalation.  It's about time
someone fired those thugs.
There are two problems with terrorism.  The first is that it is regularly
practiced by governments -- against their own populations as well as
against non-citizens -- so governments can't truly be too opposed to it.
I'll give you the definition of terrorism from the CIA in 1980
(as reported by Admiral Stansfield Turner):
("Terrorism and Democracy", ISBN 0-395-43086-0, p. 181).
If forcibly arresting someone and putting them in jail for selling
drugs to a willing buyer doesn't fall squarely into this definition, I
don't know what does.  Every law that Congress passes "to send a message"
falls into this definition -- it's to intimidate a group wider than
the group who will be arrested and tried.
The second problem is *not* that it's too hard to tap the phones of
identified terrorists -- it's that you can't pick out the terrorists
from the billions of other humans.  Even police states have trouble
with this, but they tend to provoke more people to become terrorists.
Anonymity makes it possible (as in alt.whistleblowers) for people who
know terrorists to safely expose them.  Have you noticed that the way
the Feds have attacked the Mob has been by convincing insiders to
testify and giving them untraceable new identities (the "Witness
Protection Program")?
The beauty and the strength of an open society is that it brings all
kinds of problems and conflicts out where everyone can see them and
they can potentially be worked out -- BEFORE anyone sees a need to
escalate to mass violence.  In a rigidly structured society, by the
time the government knows it needs to change, it has already been deposed.
It has already happened.  A small number of individuals have done this

@_date: 1993-03-02 10:38:20
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: A novel (?) return address idea 
There seems to me to be a serious problem with the "novel return
address" idea.  The information that ties together multiple anonymous
messages from the same person is out in the world, encrypted by a
single key in a conventional cipher.
If that single key is compromised, everyone's identity is exposed. (Or,
at least, the correlation among all messages sent by that individual, even if their legal or email name is not revealed).
Furthermore, breaking the key will be possible by sending test-probes
and doing exhaustive search.  E.g. if you add 128 bits of salt,
someone can send five or ten messages to themself through the
remailer, and accumulate ten encrypted addresses that are known to be
for the same sender.  When decrypted, these keys will have maybe a 16-
or 32-bit "return address ID" and 128 bits of salt.  The attacker can
then search the key space for keys that include large numbers of
identical bits when decrypting those ten keys.  This search is easily
amenable to parallelization, fast hardware also exists to do it, and
it may be possible to find improved algorithms to use the knowledge of
identical plaintext bits to speed up the search process.
The idea also suffers from the dossier problem -- all the information
about return addresses will exist in a single place (at the remailer
site) where it's tempting for a government (or other adversary of
privacy) to try for it.
Keep thinking, folks!  We aren't there yet...

@_date: 1993-03-05 00:51:03
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
I heard today that the Federal Public Health Service has been trying
to eliminate anonymous AIDS testing, but it's unlikely to disappear,
at least in San Francisco.  (The PHS claims to want peoples'
identities so PHS can tell their sex partners that they're at risk.
Though I haven't figured out how PHS plans to find out who's having
sex with who.)
It occurred to me that truly anonymous postings to online discussions
about AIDS would allow people who have AIDS to discuss the changes it
puts them through, without letting them be discriminated against by
having their identities revealed.
A video I saw about AIDS testing mentioned that if you get a positive
result, you should be careful about who you tell, because there are
still many unenlightened employers, landlords, insurance companies, etc.

@_date: 1993-03-16 09:34:20
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: news.admin.policy: A Report From the Front 
As far as this automatic cancelling business goes, what can be
automatically cancelled can also be automatically regenerated.
Who here has been in such a news war and has software already written?

@_date: 1993-03-26 01:11:43
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: REMAIL: cypherpunks strategy 
It depends on the location and setup of the remailer(s).
Thousands of users are not enough.  If individual users are doing it,
they are too subject to pressure from their system managers.  We don't
have software capable of rerouting among a thousand remailers, 100 of which
get their accounts canceled daily, 100 new ones added each day.  We
aren't likely to get it soon, either.
To permanently restore at least last month's level of service, we need
a couple of dedicated, firewalled, buttressed sites.  You want a few
geographically separated people who own their own systems (or who own
or run the company that owns them), who have solid network links
(possibly redundant), and who are fully committed to the idea -- as
committed as funet.fi to persist past the vilification and harassment
and threats.
And those people need backup from the rest of us -- legal help if they
need or want it, money to pay the networking bill if things get tight,
loans of backup equipment during failures under load, system
administration when folks try to break in and trash their machines,
software creation and maintenance, advocacy, policy work, advice, and
a bunch of shoulders to cry on and warm words of encouragement.
Three to five people providing such setups, in collaboration, would
wedge a steel-toed boot so firmly in the door that it couldn't be
slammed by any dyspeptic "net god".
Are we up to this job?  If not, let's scale back what we're trying to
do.  I'd rather succeed at raising consciousness on the issue for a
later try, than try now to set up such a beachhead and fail at it.

@_date: 1993-04-02 16:11:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Uunet is an "enhanced service provider", not a common carrier 
I spoke with Mike O'Dell about this; he says uunet is an enhanced service
provider.  It is not a common carrier.  (Let's not discuss this in cypherpunks
anyway -- I just wanted to set the record straight.)

@_date: 1993-04-16 12:24:26
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: White House press release on encryption policy 
Note:  This file will also be available via anonymous file
transfer from csrc.ncsl.nist.gov in directory /pub/nistnews and
via the NIST Computer Security BBS at 301-948-5717.
     ---------------------------------------------------
                         THE WHITE HOUSE
                  Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                           April 16, 1993
                STATEMENT BY THE PRESS SECRETARY
The President today announced a new initiative that will bring
the Federal Government together with industry in a voluntary
program to improve the security and privacy of telephone
communications while meeting the legitimate needs of law
The initiative will involve the creation of new products to
accelerate the development and use of advanced and secure
telecommunications networks and wireless communications links.
For too long there has been little or no dialogue between our
private sector and the law enforcement community to resolve the
tension between economic vitality and the real challenges of
protecting Americans.  Rather than use technology to accommodate
the sometimes competing interests of economic growth, privacy and
law enforcement, previous policies have pitted government against
industry and the rights of privacy against law enforcement.
Sophisticated encryption technology has been used for years to
protect electronic funds transfer.  It is now being used to
protect electronic mail and computer files.  While encryption
technology can help Americans protect business secrets and the
unauthorized release of personal information, it also can be used
by terrorists, drug dealers, and other criminals.
A state-of-the-art microcircuit called the "Clipper Chip" has
been developed by government engineers.  The chip represents a
new approach to encryption technology.  It can be used in new,
relatively inexpensive encryption devices that can be attached to
an ordinary telephone.  It scrambles telephone communications
using an encryption algorithm that is more powerful than many in
commercial use today.
This new technology will help companies protect proprietary
information, protect the privacy of personal phone conversations
and prevent unauthorized release of data transmitted
electronically.  At the same time this technology preserves the
ability of federal, state and local law enforcement agencies to
intercept lawfully the phone conversations of criminals. A "key-escrow" system will be established to ensure that the
"Clipper Chip" is used to protect the privacy of law-abiding
Americans.  Each device containing the chip will have two unique
                                2
"keys," numbers that will be needed by authorized government
agencies to decode messages encoded by the device.  When the
device is manufactured, the two keys will be deposited separately
in two "key-escrow" data bases that will be established by the
Attorney General.  Access to these keys will be limited to
government officials with legal authorization to conduct a
The "Clipper Chip" technology provides law enforcement with no
new authorities to access the content of the private
conversations of Americans.
To demonstrate the effectiveness of this new technology, the
Attorney General will soon purchase several thousand of the new
devices.  In addition, respected experts from outside the
government will be offered access to the confidential details of
the algorithm to assess its capabilities and publicly report
their findings.
The chip is an important step in addressing the problem of
encryption's dual-edge sword:  encryption helps to protect the
privacy of individuals and industry, but it also can shield
criminals and terrorists.  We need the "Clipper Chip" and other
approaches that can both provide law-abiding citizens with access
to the encryption they need and prevent criminals from using it
to hide their illegal activities.  In order to assess technology
trends and explore new approaches (like the key-escrow system),
the President has directed government agencies to develop a
comprehensive policy on encryption that accommodates:
     --   the privacy of our citizens, including the need to
          employ voice or data encryption for business purposes;
     --   the ability of authorized officials to access telephone
          calls and data, under proper court or other legal
          order, when necessary to protect our citizens;
     --   the effective and timely use of the most modern
          technology to build the National Information
          Infrastructure needed to promote economic growth and
          the competitiveness of American industry in the global
          marketplace; and      --   the need of U.S. companies to manufacture and export
          high technology products.
The President has directed early and frequent consultations with
affected industries, the Congress and groups that advocate the
privacy rights of individuals as policy options are developed.
                                3
The Administration is committed to working with the private
sector to spur the development of a National Information
Infrastructure which will use new telecommunications and computer
technologies to give Americans unprecedented access to
information.  This infrastructure of high-speed networks
("information superhighways") will transmit video, images, HDTV
programming, and huge data files as easily as today's telephone
system transmits voice.
Since encryption technology will play an increasingly important
role in that infrastructure, the Federal Government must act
quickly to develop consistent, comprehensive policies regarding
its use.  The Administration is committed to policies that
protect all Americans' right to privacy while also protecting
them from those who break the law.
Further information is provided in an accompanying fact sheet. The provisions of the President's directive to acquire the new
encryption technology are also available.  For additional details, call Mat Heyman, National Institute of
Standards and Technology, (301) 975-2758.
- - ---------------------------------
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION'S
TELECOMMUNICATIONS INITIATIVE
Q:   Does this approach expand the authority of government
     agencies to listen in on phone conversations?
A:   No.  "Clipper Chip" technology provides law enforcement with
     no new authorities to access the content of the private
     conversations of Americans.
Q:   Suppose a law enforcement agency is conducting a wiretap on
     a drug smuggling ring and intercepts a conversation
     encrypted using the device.  What would they have to do to
     decipher the message?
A:   They would have to obtain legal authorization, normally a
     court order, to do the wiretap in the first place.  They
     would then present documentation of this authorization to
     the two entities responsible for safeguarding the keys and
     obtain the keys for the device being used by the drug
     smugglers.  The key is split into two parts, which are
     stored separately in order to ensure the security of the key
     escrow system.
Q:   Who will run the key-escrow data banks?
A:   The two key-escrow data banks will be run by two independent
     entities.  At this point, the Department of Justice and the
     Administration have yet to determine which agencies will
     oversee the key-escrow data banks.
Q:   How strong is the security in the device?  How can I be sure
     how strong the security is?  A:   This system is more secure than many other voice encryption
     systems readily available today.  While the algorithm will
     remain classified to protect the security of the key escrow
     system, we are willing to invite an independent panel of
     cryptography experts to evaluate the algorithm to assure all
     potential users that there are no unrecognized
     vulnerabilities.
Q:   Whose decision was it to propose this product?
A:   The National Security Council, the Justice Department, the
     Commerce Department, and other key agencies were involved in
     this decision.  This approach has been endorsed by the
     President, the Vice President, and appropriate Cabinet
     officials.
Q:   Who was consulted?  The Congress?  Industry?
A:   We have on-going discussions with Congress and industry on
     encryption issues, and expect those discussions to intensify
     as we carry out our review of encryption policy.  We have
     briefed members of Congress and industry leaders on the
     decisions related to this initiative.
Q:   Will the government provide the hardware to manufacturers?
A:   The government designed and developed the key access
     encryption microcircuits, but it is not providing the
     microcircuits to product manufacturers.  Product
     manufacturers can acquire the microcircuits from the chip
     manufacturer that produces them.
Q:   Who provides the "Clipper Chip"?
A:   Mykotronx programs it at their facility in Torrance,
     California, and will sell the chip to encryption device
     manufacturers.  The programming function could be licensed
     to other vendors in the future.
Q:   How do I buy one of these encryption devices? A:   We expect several manufacturers to consider incorporating
     the "Clipper Chip" into their devices.
Q:   If the Administration were unable to find a technological
     solution like the one proposed, would the Administration be
     willing to use legal remedies to restrict access to more
     powerful encryption devices?
A:   This is a fundamental policy question which will be
     considered during the broad policy review.  The key escrow
     mechanism will provide Americans with an encryption product
     that is more secure, more convenient, and less expensive
     than others readily available today, but it is just one
     piece of what must be the comprehensive approach to
     encryption technology, which the Administration is
     developing.
     The Administration is not saying, "since encryption
     threatens the public safety and effective law enforcement,
     we will prohibit it outright" (as some countries have
     effectively done); nor is the U.S. saying that "every
     American, as a matter of right, is entitled to an
     unbreakable commercial encryption product."  There is a
     false "tension" created in the assessment that this issue is
     an "either-or" proposition.  Rather, both concerns can be,
     and in fact are, harmoniously balanced through a reasoned,
     balanced approach such as is proposed with the "Clipper
     Chip" and similar encryption techniques.
Q:   What does this decision indicate about how the Clinton
     Administration's policy toward encryption will differ from
     that of the Bush Administration?  A:   It indicates that we understand the importance of encryption
     technology in telecommunications and computing and are
     committed to working with industry and public-interest
     groups to find innovative ways to protect Americans'
     privacy, help businesses to compete, and ensure that law
     enforcement agencies have the tools they need to fight crime
     and terrorism.
Q:   Will the devices be exportable?  Will other devices that use
     the government hardware?
A:   Voice encryption devices are subject to export control
     requirements.  Case-by-case review for each export is
     required to ensure appropriate use of these devices.  The
     same is true for other encryption devices.  One of the
     attractions of this technology is the protection it can give
     to U.S. companies operating at home and abroad.  With this
     in mind, we expect export licenses will be granted on a
     case-by-case basis for U.S. companies seeking to use these
     devices to secure their own communications abroad.  We plan
     to review the possibility of permitting wider exportability
     of these products.

@_date: 1993-04-18 11:02:18
@_author: David Reeve Sward 
@_subject: MEDIA: Adam Smith 
One person I didn't see listed is Adam Smith.  Sometime during the last
week of March he aired a piece about privacy - use of SSN, the
information you can get via computer & modem and others.  He may be
receptive to wiretap chip debate.

@_date: 1993-04-21 02:51:51
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: FAQ: Overview of crypto 
Last time I looked, it was something like 75 pages.  Those questions
aren't all asked *that* frequently.
This part is false.  The ITAR does *not* apply to importing crypto.
I have read the regs and found no evidence of import regulations on
cryptography.  If anyone tells you that they exist, ask for a copy of
the regulations, or a citation of the regulations, or a citation of a
court case that was based on the regulations.  Any of these will let
me (or you) determine what is actually happening.  [Nobody who I've
asked for this stuff has ever been able to produce it.]
Ditto -- no legal problem, just bandwidth.  Though the posting appears
to assume that the reader is in the U.S., a bad assumption.  `Using a
local site...`?

@_date: 1993-04-21 11:17:43
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Meets 'n Greets (IRC Meetings Maybe?) -- Internet audio? 
We could set up an encrypted `vat' audio session between the locations.
Cygnus has T1 connectivity to the Internet.  Someone would need
to provide a good self-powered speaker to plug into the Sun audio
port (a standard mini phono plug).  We have a microphone that will possibly
work, though we should run some tests before the meeting.
Cygnus does not have multicast support, so we can't feed the `mbone'
(multicast backbone) with it, but we can attempt one or several
point-to-point links.
`vat' runs on Suns and is available from ftp.ee.lbl.gov or
ftp.cygnus.com:/pub/vat.1.56.tar.Z.  It's `Van's Audio Tool',
unfortunately available only in binary.  Its encryption option
requires that the participants agree on a key in advance, and type it
into each workstation at the time of the conference.

@_date: 1993-04-21 19:35:26
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Wired `Cypherpunk' issues will be available at the meeting 
I got a box of magazines and will be selling them at the cover price
($5) at the meeting.  It's the May/June issue.  The cover features
three masked cypherpunks behind a flag; the whole crew appears on page 54.
People who aren't coming to the meeting can get copies at their local
bookstore, or call George Clark at Wired at +1 415 904 0660.  If you
want to subscribe (6 issues/year, $20), you can call +1 800 SO WIRED
or send a check to Wired, 544 2nd St, SF, CA 94107.

@_date: 1993-04-22 21:08:57
@_author: David Reeve Sward 
@_subject: CLIPPER: Explanation sheet? 
I (along with others) have some sort of phrase in our .signature saying
"Stop the Clipper Chip" or somesuch.  Since adding this, I have had
several people ask me about this, and I have fired off an explanation to
them.  I am wondering if there is a Wiretap Chip Explanation Sheet to
send to people instead of trying to make sure I remember everything (and
without double-checking everything I say).  Has anyone written such a

@_date: 1993-04-26 22:24:33
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Markey hearings on Thursday will be on the Internet MBone 
John Gage tells me that audio from the Congressional hearings on
telephone privacy and Clipper will be multicast on the Internet
`MBone' (multicast backbone).  We don't yet know the multicast address.
If someone who knows about the mbone could hook in and record a copy
of the hearings (as an online sound file, or on tape), that would be
great.  I'll be at a conference on Thursday.

@_date: 1993-04-30 17:27:13
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re:  I don't take it personally... 
Tim, I'm responding to your question about patents.  I don't know
of any reason why individual licenses to use the public-key patents
in connection with specified authorized programs couldn't be granted under U.S. patent law.  In general, a patent holder has
the right to exclude unauthorized persons from making, using, or
selling the patented invention.  A patent holder can grant non-
exclusive licenses to make, use, or sell.  Legally speaking, a
non-exclusive license can be thought of as a promise by the paent
holder not to sue the licensee for acts within the scope of the
license which would otherwise constitute patent infringement, in
return for some kind of consideration.  The major limits on a valid patent are "patent misuse" (where
the patent holder overreaches) and antitrust (where the patent
holder uses the patent to restrain trade).  Patent licensing is a pretty flexible mechanism.  I'm no expert,
though, and I've never quite understood exactly what this patent
protects, nor have I seen the actual claims of the issued patent.

@_date: 1993-05-04 06:54:28
@_author: Liam David Gray 
@_subject: PGP, and TANSTAAFL! 
Stanton McCandlish writes, in response to Perry Metzger, on privacy and
free lunches:
A-ha!  You've just caused me to "un-lurk," Stanton; thanks for the great
Here you seem to be confusing the issue.  How can you say that privacy
(the right?) should be free, when defending privacy shouldn't be free? Can someone walk up to you and _give_ you privacy?  I always assumed you
had to be willing to go out and get it yourself, by hook or by crook. Without defense of a right, the right is moot.  _With_ defense of a
right, the right is moot:  In that case, you already have what you want!
I suppose I also have a "right to lunch," too, with the caveat that each
I must "ensure" my right to lunch by tripping down to MacDonald's and
buying it.  Why bother with the right?  What is free here?  The fact
that MacDonald's is open for business?  But I'm not even guaranteed that!
Are rights a useless construction?
Well said; I agree completely.
I hope I'm not getting off list topic here on my first post, but the
"privacy is free" meme looks to be potentially damaging for us.  Perhaps
you mean, Stanton, that privacy as a commodity should not be traded for
U.S. dollars, Deutsche Mark, or Mexican Pesos, but for some other
currency?  Sweat, perhaps?  If you pay in sweat, it isn't free--you
could have paid someone else to sweat for you.  Surely this hasn't
boiled down to a question over valid currency for trade in privacy?
I think the fundamental question here is whether rights are free. [Whether they "should be" free doesn't mean ANYTHING; what does "should
be" mean?]  Look around; you'll see a lot of people "fighting for their
rights" to do X.  I don't think you can tell _them_ that "the right to
do X is free."
Cheers, TANSTAAFL, and I hope I haven't offended Stanton over a minor point,
P.S.  If anyone knows what rights are, mail me.  I'm extremely
interested. Don't perpetuate my possible topical error by sending it to
Cypherpunks, unless you think everyone else will be interested. (Maybe
Extropians would be...)
Public key available by arrangement       -- The cat is out of the bag.
Too much of a dreamer not to be practical -- Go have your own "valiant defeat."
Liam David Gray     -- Quote me.

@_date: 1993-05-05 11:42:11
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: A proposal to use RSAREF in PGP 
RSA Data Security, Inc.
    5 May 93
Dear Jim:
I am writing to you to get your approval to install RSAREF into PGP
in order to make PGP legal and hopefully end the conflicts regarding
patent infringement.  You said publicly a number of times that PGP
may become legal in the US if it incorporated RSAREF.  I assume from
these remarks that you would prefer that to happen.  So let's do it.
PGP now has, in testbed form, RSAREF integrated into it.  With your
approval, the next release could be an RSAREF version.  I say your
approval, because it is necessary to use the two static entry points
RSAPublicBlock and RSAPrivateBlock in rsa.c in RSAREF to allow
backward compatibility with older versions of PGP.  Unfortunately,
the old versions of PGP have an error that makes the contents of a
DEK and MD packet inside of an RSA multiprecision integer not comply
with PKCS standards of padding.  New versions of PGP will correct
this problem, but backward compatibility is needed, so the
RSAPublicBlock and RSAPrivateBlock entry points must be called to
parse the old packets.  The global entry points RSAPublicEncrypt and
RSAPrivateEncrypt will also be used to generate the new
PKCS-formatted packets.  As I understand it, the standard RSAREF
license requires your approval to use these entry points.  I
discussed these ideas with Ron Rivest and Burt Kaliski, and both
seemed to not raise any objections.  I hope you will agree.
At some time in the future, when all the old certifying signatures
are eventually replaced with new ones, these static entry points will
not have to be called, allowing the the regular entry points in rsa.h
to be called in their place.  We will be encouraging people to get
their certifying signatures renewed on their keys with the new
version of PGP.
PGP users outside the US will be using a version of PGP without
RSAREF, but it will be compatible in every way with the RSAREF
The PGP developers will also be contributing some speedups to RSAREF
in future releases.  This will help all of your installed base of
RSAREF applications.
I am also modifying the PGP User's Guide to remove the remarks in the
legal issues section that I suspect you regard as inflammatory.  I
hope this will pave the way for us to close ranks and work together
on fighting the Clipper chip initiative.  If there are other measures
you'd like me to take to improve relations between us, let me know. I hope our common political objectives will outweigh your personal
feelings, so the community of PGP users may work better with you to
face these pressing policy issues.
The new release can be ready in a few days, if you approve.
Philip Zimmermann

@_date: 1993-05-08 21:24:57
@_author: Liam David Gray 
@_subject: RNG: from Zener diode? 
I recall you or some other Cypherpunk mentioning that, by some means,
strong random numbers can be had by observing some property of Zener
Could you explain this?  ...If feasible, I imagine exploiting this
phenomenon to make a "random number dongle," an inline device for a PC's
serial or parallel port, which could be polled by savvy software.  If
possible, and if someone hasn't done it already, I'd like to work up a
simple recipe (schematic, list of ingredients, and sample code) for
this--and get it put into our "crypto-anarchists' cookbook"--i.e., on
soda.berkeley.edu.  Perhaps a future version of PGP could take advantage
of such a random noise dongle, selectable by command-line switch.
This is pure speculation at this point.  Am I completely off-base?  In
any case, I'd love to hear more about it.
PGP public key available by arrangement   -- The cat is out of the bag.
Too much of a dreamer not to be practical -- Go have your own "valiant defeat."
Liam David Gray

@_date: 1993-05-16 00:02:19
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Forestalling paranoia 
The Little Garden network, which connects toad.com to the Internet, was down today due to some scheduled power outages in a building
that our link goes through.  Fear not...if you sent something to
cypherpunks, it will get through when the power comes back on.

@_date: 1993-05-25 15:27:33
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Steganography and Steganalysis 
My favorite scheme was to encode messages in trailing spaces and/or tabs
in netnews messages.  You could also put internal tabs in place of spaces.
In fact, you could do this with news messages that flow "through" your site, (if the messages aren't protected with a crypto checksum), so that
you would not be the message's sender (and it wouldn't be addressed to anyone
either -- recipients get very good privacy).
This would be one way for a Unix "worm" program to report back to its
master...and/or receive instructions.
PS:  You could put short interesting stuff just in your message-ID's!
Not to mention the low order bits of timestamps (exactly *what* second
did it arrive, now?).

@_date: 1993-05-30 17:32:36
@_author: "Thomas W. Strong, Jr." 
@_subject: An editorial comment from comp.risks 
In an article about the absurdity of ITAR legislation, Peter Neuman (the
moderator) added this comment at the bottom.
Does anyone here have any more information about this?  Particularly
whether or not it can be backed up?   -----------------------------------------------------------------
  Tom Strong              N3NBB              ts49+

@_date: 1993-06-04 10:31:31
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Helping from Canada re Clipper 
Another argument the U.S. government is making is that they surveyed
encryption policy in various countries and "it's not beyond the pale
to limit domestic encryption -- France does it, for example".  If Canada takes a strong stance on domestic encryption, then it is a
counter-example rather than an example of repression.  The Australian
example of deploying GSM in the face of law-enforcement objections has
already been used in testimony to NIST (and I'm sure we'll use it
to convince Congress as well).
You could also argue for removing Canadian restrictions on export of
cryptography.  Currently the Canadian regulations are just
rubber-stamps of the US regulations.  This has the advantage that it's
legal to export US crypto to Canada -- e.g. crypto code developed in
the U.S. can be legally moved outside the range of U.S. law.  This was
useful for PGP; it is legal to use and possess PGP in Canada since
US patent law doesn't apply.  But it limits the development of an
export crypto industry for Canadians, and it furthers the image of
Canada as being under the U.S. government's thumb.

@_date: 1993-06-06 00:35:23
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: decompiling DISKREET 
By the way, I have a relatively usable free 68k disassembler, and have
recently retrofitted the simple GNU portable disassembler (supporting
many processors) with an interface that should allow it to be glued
into the usable disassembler (which traces branches, creates labels,
lets you label things yourself, etc).  Anyone who would like to work
on these tools, please let me know.
The GNU `objdump' program will disassemble the entire program from any
object file format it recognizes (currently most a.out variants, most
COFF variants, ELF, ecoff, xcoff, s-records, some IEEE object files).
We have specs on the Windows object file formats, if anyone wants to add support for reading them.  DOS EXE and COM files would be a useful
addition, as well.
You can get a taste of the current simple disassembler by getting the
latest GNU Binutils (binary utilities) release from prep.ai.mit.edu or
ftp.uu.net.  Configure and build it on any of about twelve kinds of
Unix machines, and run "objdump -d" on itself.

@_date: 1993-06-08 17:51:08
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: McCarthy lives! 
Tim, I'll be glad to teach you how to file a Privacy Act request.
It's pretty simple, and it works on all Federal agencies.  You get all
records they are keeping on you, with some limited exceptions -- and
for almost all of those, you get notified of the withholding.  If you
can identify one or a small number of agencies that might be keeping
this "list", we can see if you are on it.  And if we find the list, we
can probably get the whole thing under the Freedom of Information Act.

@_date: 1993-06-08 18:37:36
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: AT&T Encrypting Phone Ad in WS Journal 
The box pictured is the Clipper-based successor to the AT&T 3600
secure phone.  They have a "bump in the cord" architecture; in the
case of the 3600, it plugged between the handset and the phone.  This
is a pain in the ass (there are six or seven "handset modules" that
plug into the unit, and you have to use one to match your phone -- or
get several and pray that one will match each phone you ever want
to use.)
We played with one of the 3600's at a Bay Area cypherpunks meeting
a few months ago.
I'd refer to the "Surity" as the "surly telephone device".

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Received: by toad.com id AA25347; Thu, 10 Jun 93 13:09:48 PDT

@_date: 1993-06-14 00:09:53
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Digital cash software 
I spoke with David Chaum, the inventor of digital money, last week at
the cryptography meetings in DC.  He is willing to give us a noncommercial
license to use his digital money patents, and copies of some of his
software for digital cash, for us to deploy somehow, and start using.
He'll be back in August for Crypto '93 in Santa Barbara, and will
bring one of his assistants (Nils) up to the Bay Area to teach us
about the software.  I think we can get a copy from him in the
meantime, and puzzle it out ourselves between now and then.  We'll
also need to work out the legalese on the patents; it should be
simple, but then again, almost everything *should* be simple...
If we have a small group of people (say 2 to 5) who are seriously interested in building a digital-cash-on-the-Internet application
and getting it into use, then speak up and get organized, and I
will cross-connect you to David and Nils so things will start moving.
David's company Digicash has been working on toll collection systems;
he showed pictures of their newest system that allows driving full
speed through the tollbooths and still does the transaction, using
infrared through the windshield, I think.  If someone wanted to
present his system and his company to the authoritarians who were last
seen preparing to put unencrypted automated vehicle-ID numbers on cars
in California for toll collection, that would be a good thing.  Speak up...

@_date: 1993-06-14 20:31:23
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: 2600 testimony to Markey's subcommittee 
I was at the subcommittee hearing last Wednesday when "Emmanuel
Goldstein" testified, and I took notes.  It is true that two committee
members (about half of the total who were present) focused on 2600 as
being a handbook for crime.  Don Delaney, who was also on the panel,
giving good evidence about the extent and organization of phone fraud
in New York City, noted that the First Amendment had already been
abridged to protect kids from pornography, and proposed a law that
would make it a crime to sell security-related information to
juveniles.  Subcommittee Chairman Markey told a long rambling story
about people going down Maple St. rattling the doorknobs and why that
was a bad thing.  He compared 2600 to people who rattle the doorknobs
and then post on the bulletin board downtown, "The door to 123 Maple
St. is unlocked".  Rep. Fields said to "Emmanuel" that it was
"frightening that someone like you thinks there's a protected right to
violate someone's privacy."
The ironic thing is that another panelist, John J. Haugh, heads a
consulting firm that publishes details about similar topics.  He's the
editor and principal author of a two volume reference work, _Toll
Fraud and Telabuse_, published by his company in early 1992.  He's
also the editor of a national newsletter, _Telecom & Network Security
Review_, also published by his company, with subscribers in 49 states
and 18 countries.
Mr. Haugh did not get hectored by the panel.  But Mr. Haugh charges $170/year for six issues of his newsletter, and wore a suit to the
hearing.  When the same information is published at 2600 prices, packaged for more adventurous people, it is "troubling".
My opinion is that when the privacy and security of society depends on
those doors being locked, then yes, we ought to have whole squads of
Boy Scouts, cops, hackers, and ordinary citizens rattling those
doorknobs hourly and daily.  And when we find one open, we should let
the world know, because the privacy and security of the world depends
on it.  This applies to information like, "if you tune an ordinary
radio to these frequencies, you can hear everyone's phone calls."
If the info is suppressed, the problem will never be fixed, because
not enough public pressure will be brought to bear on those responsible
for fixing it.
PS:  The first half of the hearing was on encryption and Clipper, and I
am pleased to say that the subcommittee took the *right* stance on that
issue -- that the Clipper proposal was trouble and that fundamental rights,
upon which our society is based, were at stake.

@_date: 1993-06-19 02:11:53
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: weak pseuodrandom number generator 
A pseudorandom number generator recently proposed here, namely:
int rand1(int seedval) { return (seed * 183041 % 183319 + 1); }
needs some cleaning up.  It should be something like:
unsigned long rand1(unsigned long n)
{ return ( ( ( n * 183041L) % 183319 ) + 1 ); }
where n is initally set to some seed value.  However, this is
particularly weak, and quickly degenerates into a cycle,
usually of length 208, as the following program will confirm:
  unsigned long a[15000];
unsigned long rand1( unsigned long n );
void main(int argc, char **argv)
unsigned int i=0, j;
if ( argc < 2 )
    return;
a[0] = atol(argv[1]);
while ( ++i < 15000 )
    {
    a[i] = rand1(a[i-1]);
    for ( j=0; j<i; j++ )
        {
        if ( a[i] == a[j] )
            {
            printf(" Cycle of length %d found.\n",i-j);
            return;
            }
        }
    }
unsigned long rand1( unsigned long n )
return ( ( ( n * 183041L ) % 183319L ) + 1 );
The other generator proposed is equally weak.
This does not demonstrate that pseudorandom number generators
cannot be used as a basis for strong encryption.

@_date: 1993-06-19 16:53:37
@_author: Peter Davidson 
@_subject: testing pseudorandom number generators 
Tyler Yip, UnixWeenie(tm), asks:
The standard reference is D. Knuth, The Art of Computer Programming
(as I recall), Volume II, the chapter on random numbers.  Knuth
gives conditions involving a, k and m for n = ( n*a + k ) mod m
to have a long (or maximal) period.
For the less mathematically-inclined, a pleasing and quick way to
eliminate weak pseudorandom number generators is to use the generator
to pick row and column pixel positions on a graphics screen.  Turn
on "randomly" selected pixels.  If the screen does not get completely
filled in a visibly random way then the generator is weak.  A particularly
weak generator will turn on 1% or so of the pixels then nothing further
happens because it has entered a cycle.  A weak generator may fill the
screen with parallel lines.  Writing a program to test generators in this
way is a useful, easy and amusing task and is left as an exercise for the
Someone may be inclined to reply that this test does not show that a
generator is cryptographically strong, to which the answer is: True, but it certainly eliminates the ones that aren't, and it's fun to watch the pixel display for different generators.
Well, on second thought, maybe some generators that are not crypto-
graphically bullet-proof might pass this test.  But if some generator
does not, you can throw it away immediately.

@_date: 1993-06-19 18:57:35
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: that cipher I wrote (pseudo random generators) 
Don't bother with looking for a large period (though Knuth spends
about half a book on pseudorandom number generators).  The problem is
that the sequence is predictable.  Given ten sequential values from
anywhere in the sequence, I think there are algorithms that will
determine the sequence.  This is from dim recall of some Crypto '90
presentations.  Perhaps someone has the papers in front of them, or
can re-derive the results?
Given plaintext XOR'd with a sequence, you can make pretty good guesses at
ten values in the sequence, and if you have to try a few thousand guesses,
it will still only take minutes or hours to crack.

@_date: 1993-06-21 14:30:02
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Some FOIA results re Clipper 
Lee Tien and I have submitted a pile of FOIA requests about Clipper.
Here is scanned-in text from some of the more interesting results,
courtesy of Lee.  Search for "required", for a mention of the proposal
to require the use of Clipper.  Also note that the role of the
"national security community" has been deliberately withheld from the
public statements (search for "mentioned").
Most agencies have not yet responded with documents.  FBI is claiming
it will take them a year, and we are preparing to file suit to force
them to do it within 10 days like the law requires.  (Our NSA suit over
the same thing, is continuing through the gears of the court process.)
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, DC  20301-3040
COMMAND CONTROL COMMUNICATIONS AND MEMORANDUM FOR MS. JOANN H. GRUBE, NSA REPRESENTATIVE/NSC PRD-27 EXPORT CONTROL WORKING GROUP
SUBJECT:  Comments on PRD-27/NSA Draft (U)
memorandum to Jim Lewis, Department of State:
XXXXXXXXXX blacked out via FOIA (b)(1) exemption. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
statements.  Recommend that the memorandum provide more empirical evidence to back up its assertions, and that the above comments be reflected in its contents.
CLASSIFIED BY:  OASD(C3I)/DIR, ISS
DECLASSIFY ON:  OADR
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC 20301-3040
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
30 APR 1993  (stamped)
MEMORANDUM FOR THE ACTING ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (C3I)
(U)	Advances in telecommunications have created the
opportunity for public use of encryption to ensure the privacy and
integrity of business and personal communications.  These same
advances threaten the capabilities of law enforcement and national
security operations that intercept the communications of
narcotraffickers, organized criminals, terrorists, espionage agents
of foreign powers and SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in
diametric opposition with regard to industry's right to sell and the
public's right to use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited
public debate is likely.
(U)	In its simplest construct, this complex set of issues places
the public's right to privacy in opposition to the public's desire for
safety.  The law enforcement and national security communities
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use of
cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps
and other intercepts and consequently prosper.  They propose that
cryptography be made available and required which contains a
"trapdoor" that would allow law enforcement and national security
officials, under proper supervision, to decrypt enciphered
communications.  Such cryptography exists, and while there are
many practical problems to be solved, this proposal is technically
possible to achieve.
(U)	Opponents of the proposal argue that the public has a right
to and an expectation of privacy, that a trapdoor system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would
not work in any practical sense.  They assert that people who are
deliberately breaking much more serious laws would not hesitate to
use cryptography that does not have a trapdoor, and that secure
cryptography will inevitably be supplied by offshore companies.
Thus, freedom will be lost and many tax dollars spent to no effect.
(U)	This situation is complicated by the existence of other
interests.  For example, there currently exist strict controls on the
export of cryptography.  The computer industry points out that it
has one of the few remaining positive trade balances and that it is
vital that the dominance of the American computer industry in
world markets be preserved.  The industry fears that this will be
lost if offshore developers incorporate high-quality cryptography
into their products while U.S. industry either cannot do so or
suffers higher costs or delays due to requirements for export
licenses.  The industry argues persuasively that overseas markets
(much less drug lords or spies) will not look with favor on U.S.
products which have known trapdoors when offshore products
which do not have them are available.  In support of their
argument, they note that powerful public-key cryptography
developed and patented by RSA using U.S. tax dollars is free to
developers in Europe, subject to royalties in the United States, and
cannot be exported without expensive and time-late export
licenses.  These charges are true.
(U)	The national security community is especially interested in
preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  Actually, it is too late.
The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is already widely available
throughout the world in both hardware and software forms, and
DES software can be downloaded anywhere in the world from
public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a MODEM and a
telephone.  In one recent experiment it took three minutes and
fourteen seconds to locate a source-code version of DES on the
INTERNET.  Widespread availability of DES and RSA will enable
offshore developers to provide high-quality encipherment for voice
and data communications in competition with U.S. industry's
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  blacked out via FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXXXXXXXXX
(U)	Despite these concerns, the President has directed that the
Attorney General request that manufacturers of communications
hardware use the trapdoor chip, and at least AT&T has been
reported willing to do so (having been suitably incentivised by
promises of Government purchases).  The Attorney General has
also been directed to create a system for escrow of key material.
The Secretary of Commerce has been directed to produce standards
based on the use of the trapdoor chip.
(U)	The President has also directed that the fact that law
enforcement officials will have access to the keys will not be
concealed from the public.  National security officials are not
(U)	The new administration is committed to the development of
an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement
and national security officials will be able to read at will traffic
passing along the information superhighway.  A full-scale public
debate is needed to ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens with
regard to their privacy, and the impact on public safety of
preserving privacy at the expense of wiretapping and
communications intercept capabilities of law enforcement and
national security personnel.  It is not clear what the public will
decide.  In the meantime, DoD has trapdoor technology and the
Government is proceeding with development of the processes
needed to apply that technology in order to maintain the capability
to perform licit intercept of communications in support of law
enforcement and national security.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC  20301-3040
May 3, 1993
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
MEMORANDUM FOR DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
FROM:		CHARLES A. HAWKINS, JR., ACTING ASD(C3I)  (initialed C. Hxxx)
SUBJECT:	Advanced Telecommunications and Encryption (U)
PURPOSE:	INFORMATION
DISCUSSION:	(U)  In response to DEPSECDEF's tasking of
21 Apr 93 (TAB A) this information is provided.  Advances in
telecommunications have created the opportunity for public use of
encryption to ensure the privacy and integrity of business and
personal communications.  These same advances threaten the
capabilities of law enforcement and national security operations that
intercept the communications of narcotraffickers, organized
criminals, terrorists, espionage agents of foreign powers and a broad
range of SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in diametric
opposition with regard to industry's right to sell and the public's right
to use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited public debate
is likely.
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use of
cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps and
other intercepts.  They propose that cryptography be made available
to the public which contains a "trapdoor" that would allow law
enforcement and national security officials, under proper
supervision, to decrypt enciphered communications.  Such
cryptography exists, and while there are many practical problems to
be solved, this proposal is technically possible to implement.
right to and expectation of privacy, that such a system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would not
work in any practical sense.  They assert that criminals and spies will
not hesitate to use secure cryptography supplied by offshore
companies.  Thus, the loss of privacy would outweigh any
advantages to law enforcement or national security.
few remaining positive trade balances and that it is vital that the
dominance of the American computer industry in world markets be
preserved.  The industry fears that this will be lost if offshore
developers incorporate high-quality cryptography into their products
while U.S. industry either cannot do so or suffers higher costs or
delays due to requirements for export licenses because of strict
controls of export of cryptography.  The industry argues persuasively
that overseas markets (much less drug lords or spies) will not look
with favor on U.S. products which have known trapdoors when
offshore products which do not have them are available.
CLASSIFIED BY:	DASD(CI&SCM)
DECLASSIFY ON:	OADR
in preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  This would increase the cost
of performing the SIGINT mission or decrease the amount of
intelligence, or both.  The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is
already widely available throughout the world in both hardware and
software forms, and DES software can be downloaded anywhere in
the world from public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a
MODEM, and a telephone.  Thus far, widespread availability has not
led to widespread use.  However, widespread availability of DES and
RSA will make it possible for offshore developers to provide high-
quality encipherment for voice and data communications in
competition with U.S. industry's products.
XXXXXXXXXX blacked out under FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
request that manufacturers of communications hardware use the
trapdoor chip.  The Attorney General has also been directed to create
a system for escrow of key material.  The Secretary of Commerce
has been directed to produce standards based on the use of the
trapdoor chip.  The President has also directed that the fact that law
enforcement officials will have access to the keys will not be
concealed from the public.  National security officials are not
of an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement and
national security officials will be able to read at will traffic passing
along the information superhighway.  A full-scale public debate is
beginning which will ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens with
regard to their privacy and the impact on public safety of preserving
privacy at the expense of wiretapping and communications intercept
capabilities of law enforcement and national security personnel.  It is
not clear what the public will decide.  In the meantime, DoD has
trapdoor technology and the Government is proceeding with
development of the processes needed to apply that technology in
order to maintain the capability to perform licit intercept of
communications in support of law enforcement and national security.
Prepared by:  Dan Ryan/ODASD(CI & SCM)/x 41779/28 Apr 93/OSD
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-06-22 02:00:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: hardware RNG 
Well, the most obvious is for the attacker to TRANSMIT on that
frequency.  Then they control the 'random' data you are getting.

@_date: 1993-06-24 09:33:36
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Perspectives 
I agree with der Cat; the paranoia here is getting excessive.
I think it's most likely that the documents we received were genuine,
and an attempt of someone in the Secretary of Defense's staff to
explain the situation to policy-people in that office who had not kept
track of what was going on.  There's a lot more for the Secretary of
Defense to do than to watch domestic entryption debates, and falsify documents about them just in case someone requests them under FOIA.

@_date: 1993-07-08 18:47:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Loop stopped, I hope. 
The loop appeared to be at pro-storm.cts.com or pro-sol.cts.com, so
I temporarily removed two people at those sites from the list.
Neither is on the Intenet, so I can't check from here what the exact
problem is.

@_date: 1993-07-13 23:24:34
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Hoptoad disk screwup 
The partition that holds /var/spool has had two hiccups in the last few
days.  This has caused some downtime, and possibly caused some mail to
be lost.  As far as I know, the NSA didn't do it :-))), so y'all can keep
your paranoia at the usual level, whatever that is.

@_date: 1993-07-16 16:15:07
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: ADMIN: cypherpunks mail configuration change 
Effective immediately, all cypherpunks mail will appear to originate
from 'owner-cypherpunks'.  Previously the name was
'cypherpunks-request'.  This change only affects those of you using
mail filters which are filtering on the out-of-band "From " line.
This change was made so that I can more easily separate bounce
messages from list requests.

@_date: 1993-07-26 17:31:00
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF T-Shirt design contest 
EFF T-SHIRT DESIGN CONTEST
We're Looking for a New Look!
Help Us Make a Fashion Statement!!
EFF T-SHIRT DESIGN CONTEST
1001 G STREET, NW
SUITE 950 EAST
WASHINGTON, DC  20001
Entries must be received no later than 5:00pm on July 31, 1993.  Designs
should be actual size, camera ready and can be b/w or color.  Winner(s)
will receive a free shirt and a one-year membersh to the Electronic
Frontier Foundation.
Sarah L. Simpson
Membership Coordinator
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G Street, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC  20001
202/347-5400 tel
202/393-5509 fax

@_date: 1993-07-27 14:16:20
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: A few more slogan ideas 
I got carried away...
EFF:  Restoring the Bill of Rights, bit by bit.
Cypherpunks:  There's safety in numbers.  (back of shirt:  BIG numbers.)
Cryptography:  There's safety in numbers.  (back of shirt:  BIG numbers.)
Clipper:  A chip off the old Constitution
NSA:  ``What First Amendment?''
Negative Social Advancement
Necrophiliacs Screwing America
Nasty Scheming Authoritarians
Nocturnal Spook Authority
No Secret Authorities
NSA:  Last bastion of thought control
NSA:  Making the world safe for totalitarianism
NSA:  Making the world safe for censorship
Clipper:  Making the world safe for bureacrats
Clipper:  The Policeman is your *Friend*  (italics on Friend)
The NSA supports peace, justice, and freedom.  Right.
Clipper:  Automating no-knock searches.
National Subversion Agents
NSA:  Naddering Nabobs of Negativism		(remember Spiro?)
Nobody's Support Agency
No Sunshine Anymore
Irrational Insecurity Reagency
Negative Survival Approach
Negative Social Access
Negative Social Alteration
Negative Social Amendment
Negative Social Acculturation
National Societal Adulteration
National Social Ablation
National Suppurating Agency
Nogoodniks Smashing America
Nogoodniks Screwing America
No Social Advancement
Naughty Scandalous Amorality
Nasty, Scheming, and Artificial
National Sin Agency
Social Change through Technology:  Cypherpunks
Cypherpunks:  making the world safe for anarchy
Cypherpunks:  making the world safe for privacy
Cypherpunks:  making the world safe for civil rights
A picture of a Clipper chip, with headphones leading off from one of
the pins.
A few more words to combine in N, S, and A:  Sinful, Shameful, Stealth, Shiftiness, Scheme.

@_date: 1993-07-31 14:28:43
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Skipjack proposed Thursday? 
I seem to have missed this.  Today's Chronicle (July 31) (SanFran)
had a blurb on E2 saying that NIST on Thursday proposed Skipjack
as a federal standard.  Does anyone have the announcement and related documentation?
Lee Tien

@_date: 1993-08-05 23:35:33
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Cliphack? 
Tim was calling it Clipjack, but I think Cliphack is better.
PS:  Would you trust your momma to escrow your private key?
The government is not your momma!

@_date: 1993-08-09 00:26:29
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Key-Escrow (black) Humor 
Actually, the line is:
A.  We don't comment on our interception capabilities.

@_date: 1993-08-09 15:41:52
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Big Brother's New Eyes -- Economist, August 7th 
The Economist magazine has two articles on monitoring of citizens'
activities in its August 7th issue, and mentions the problem on the
cover.  In its editorial on p. 16, it comes out in favor of anonymity:
It also reports on road-toll charging systems starting on p. 71, with
a minor mention of anonymous toll payment.  The headline is "Big
Brother is Clocking You" with a subheading of "The technology that
promises fewer traffic jams may damage your civil liberties."
The Economist is one of the truly outstanding magazines of the decade,
by the way.  It sounds stogdy but it is anything but, and it tends to spot
trends long before the rest of the world has noticed them.

@_date: 1993-08-11 10:26:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Chaos harnessed for encryption / Fluctuations and Order research 
EE Times, Aug 9, 1993, p. 31 reports that "MIT's Research Lab of
Electronics is creating new signal processor designs, based on chaos
theory, that could open up a simple route to secure communications.
The new designs use a recent discovery called synchronized chaos to
transform a meaningful signal into what only seems to be random
noise., A similarly constructed receiver responds to the noisy signal,
sychronizing its own chaotic behaviour to extract the message.  The
MIT design requires only eight op-amps and is based on the Lorenz
attractor, which generates a simple three-dimensional chaotic system."
There's more, this is just a pointer.  Their current encryption system
is analog, not digital, and encrypts analog signals like audio; I
don't know if this is a fundamental design property or not.  They claim
it's not super-great encryption, just cheap and interesting.
Wired Sep/Oct 93 also reports (p.118) a Sep 9-12 conference on "Fluctuations
and Order" at Los Alamos National Labs' Center for Nonlinear Studies.
"The labs are gathering a couple dozen researchers who have realized
they can induce order into systems by using noise and randomness.  As
one abstract says, `The addition of noise to certain types of driven
systems can paradoxically cause a signal to become clearer.'"  These
seem related, to me.

@_date: 1993-08-12 09:58:12
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Secure voice software issues 
My proposal is that we get some software working that produces poor
quality speech in realtime on fast hardware that most people don't
have.  Then, improved search algorithms will bring higher quality.*
The natural evolution of faster hardware will make it available to all.
I think that we as cypherpunks have been thrown off a bit by the policy
issues and the publicity we've received.  It's time to get back into active development.  Remember, architecture *is* policy!
* The way these algorithms work is that the sender goes through a
laborious process to find the best "encoding" (literally -- out of a
code book) that matches the sounds it is trying to communicate.
Typically the quality depends on how much time it has to do this;
spending more time looking at more possibilities, makes it more likely
that you find one with a very small difference between the real signal
and the encoded signal.  We can start off with stupid algorithms that
just give up and use the best-so-far when they run out of time, and
gradually improve them to be more intelligent about the *order* in which
they search.  This requires no change to receivers; it's backward

@_date: 1993-08-13 17:49:11
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Requesting all records of the Clipper review panel 
This is a draft, which will be sent out within a day or two.
Karl Bell
Deputy Director of Administration
Freedom of Information Act Officer
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Building 101, Room A-110
Gaithersburg, MD	20899
Dear Mr. Bell:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act ("FOIA"), 5 U.S.C. $ 552, on behalf of Mr. John Gilmore for all agency records pertaining to and utilized by the Skipjack review panel ("Panel").  This request also requests access to records which must be made available under the Federal Advisory Committee Act ("FACA"), 5 U.S.C. App. II (1972).  Section 8(b)(2) of the FACA requires that the supervising agency for an advisory committee must assemble and maintain records for the committee; Section 8(b)(3) of the FACA provides that such records are subject to the The Panel's review is being performed pursuant to the President's direction that "respected experts from outside the government [] be offered access to the confidential details of the algorithm to assess its capabilities and publicly report their finding."  The Acting Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology sent letters of invitation to potential reviewers.  This request for records includes, but is not limited to: all records relating to the selection of the Panel members;
all records of the Panel's activities and use of funds [FACA $ 12(a)]; the charter of the Panel [FACA $ 9(c)]; all notices of Panel meetings [FACA $ 10(a)(2)];
all written determinations to close any part of a Panel meeting [FACA $ 10(d)];
all records, reports, transcripts, minutes, appendices, working papers, drafts, studies, agenda or other documents which were made available to or prepared by the committee [FACA $$10(b) & (c)].  For instance, the Panel's interim report states that:
We attended an initial meeting at the Institute for Defense Analyses
Supercomputing Research Center (SRC) from June 21-23.  At that
meeting, the designer of SKIPJACK provided a complete, detailed
description of the algorithm, the rationale for each feature, and the
history of the design.  The head of the NSA evaluation team described
the evaluation process and its results.  Other NSA staff briefed us on
the LEAF structure and protocols for use, generation of device keys,
protection of the devices against reverse engineering, and NSA's
history in the design and evaluation of encryption methods contained
in SKIPJACK.  Additional NSA and NIST staff were present at the
meeting to answer our questions and provide assistance.  All staff
members were forthcoming in providing us with requested information.
All records pertaining to this and other meetings of the Panel are included within the scope of this FOIA/FACA request.
If the requested records are not in the possession of your agency, I ask that you forward this request to any agency that you believe may have records that are responsive to this request.  In the alternative, I ask that you inform me of other agencies that might have such records.  As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C. $ 552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed.  If any of the requested material is released with deletions, I ask that each deletion be marked to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each particular withholding.  In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt but where withholding would serve no important public interest.
As you know, the FOIA provides that agencies may reduce or waive fees if it would be "in the public interest because furnishing the information can be considered as primarily benefiting the public."  [5 U.S.C. $ 552(a)(4)(A)]  Release of this material would be of benefit to the public because of the importance of public discussion of technology which can enhance personal privacy.  Moreover, in previous FOIA requests to NIST, Mr. Gilmore has amply demonstrated his ability and willingness to disseminate such information to the general public.  I therefore ask that you waive any fees relating to this request.  Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in processing costs should this fee waiver be denied, so that NIST can begin processing this request while you rule on the propriety of this fee waiver.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number.  I would be happy to discuss ways in which this request could be clarified or somewhat redesigned to reflect the agency's filing system and speed the search for records.
As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within 10 working days.
Sincerely yours,
Lee Tien
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
[a 2] FBI Seeks Power for Credit Search Without Warrant
In early July, the Senate Intelligence Committee approved a provision
that allows for FBI access to credit reports using only a letter
instead of a judicial warrant in cases that they say involved national
security. There is concern that this will be subject to abuse and that
the necessity has not been proven.
A national security letter gives the FBI the authority to obtain
records without judicial approval and without providing notice to the
individual that his or her records have been obtained by the Bureau.
Similar FBI proposals were rejected in previous years after
Congressional leaders expressed concern over the civil liberties
issues raised.
Although the current draft proposal is more comprehensive than those
circulated in previous years, the changes and additions do not alter
significantly the central character of the proposal. The
Administration's 1993 proposal includes explicit limits to
dissemination of obtained information within the government, penalties
for violations including punitive damages, and reporting requirements.
These provisions are positive changes from the legislation put forward
in previous years, but they do not save the proposal from its
intrinsic flaws.

@_date: 1993-08-17 18:45:28
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: [DEC] U.S. Computer May Have Violated Export Regulations 
r abx
^U.S. Computer May Have Violated Export Regulations<
^By PAUL RAEBURN=
^AP Science Editor=
two powerful new computers off a global computer network out of concerns
about possible export violations, even though the computers never left
the country.
access to U.S. computers operating in the United States.
to regulate weapons technology are not only infringing on American
civil liberties but also stifling innovation and hurting American
the computers from abroad, generate data, and illegally export it over
the Internet computer network, which carries data and electronic mail
around the world.
but access is now limited to people who are screened by the company,
Mark Fredrickson, a Digital spokesman, said Friday.
they do fit the government definition of a supercomputer.
in Washington said the connection of a supercomputer to a global network
could lead to violations of federal export regulations.
use it, then technically they were allowing access to a supercomputer to
people they didn't know,'' said Paul Freedenberg, who was the
Commerce Department's undersecretary for export administration at the end of
the Reagan administration.
in Washington, the law firm of former Secretary of State James Baker.
computer hookup and that he was speaking of the regulations generally. ``I
can't say Digital violated the law, because I don't know what Digital did,''
he said.
the computer available was not a violation. A Commerce Department
official, speaking on condition his name not be used, agreed that making the
computer available was not a violation, but that export of data generated on
the computer would be a violation of regulations.
said Fredrickson. It was intended to give potential customers the
opportunity to test-drive the computers. It was terminated by company
executives who wanted to avoid any appearance of violating export
regulations, he said.
government suggesting that we do anything here,'' said Fredrickson. ``This
was simply our own internal people raising the possibility of concern.''
``bulletin board,'' offered access to programs for encoding computer data.
regulations, Freedenberg said. ``It's a technical data transfer'' that falls
under the State Department's control of munitions export, he said.
ensure that the software would not be exported illegally. ``Nothing was
found that was thought to be a concern even meriting informing the
government about it,'' he said.
65 percent of its $14 billion in annual sales are overseas. In December
1991, the Commerce Department charged the company with 62 violations of
export laws and fined it $2.4 million.
export violations. Digital agreed to pay it without admitting or denying
Digital's new AXP 4000 computers, operating in a Digital laboratory in Palo
Alto, Calif. The computers, which cost from $77,000 to $100,000, are
considered midsized computers by industry standards.
its outmoded standards that define those models as supercomputers and
bring them under export regulations.
the department was prohibited by law from discussing the details of a
specific case.
from the Cold War.
certain markets,'' costing U.S. businesses at least $10 billion a year in
lost exports, said Howard Lewis, vice president of the National Association
of Manufacturers.
to the privacy interests of American citizens,'' said Daniel Weitzner,
an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a group concerned
with computers and civil-liberties issues.

@_date: 1993-08-21 08:57:30
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Cracking & auditing crypto protocols 
The person who built the standard "network license manager" for Unix
(flexlm) has offered us cypherpunks access to the protocol if we'll
try to crack it.
The auditing may indeed be duplicated.  By marketing departments, and for
the same reason as the Denning auditing -- marketing.  Solely.
There is no way that the selected group of people could crack a half-reasonable cryptosystem in a few weeks.  Real Cryptanalysts spend
months and years working on cracking cryptosystems, and none of the
panelists was a Real Cryptanalyst.  We had all the details of DES,
and it took 15 years to make a dent in it.
But they fooled you -- and maybe a lot of other people -- so there *is*
a function for such review panels.  Sponsoring one is a way to convince
innocent spectators who don't know better.  Marketing.

@_date: 1993-08-29 05:43:26
@_author: Liam David Gray 
@_subject: no ftpd on soda.berkeley.edu ? 
Has anyone else tried to ftp soda in the past 2 days or so?  I've been
unable to establish a connection.  I assume whoever maintains the
Cypherpunks archive on this machine (is it Eric H.?) might be able to
find out:  Is there any ftpd running on it at the moment, and what's the
expected downtime?
- Liam Gray

@_date: 1993-08-30 19:53:52
@_author: Forrest Aldrich 
@_subject: Help/Advice requested 
I'm working on the development of a resonably secure software registration
scheme, and thought that someone from the Cypherpunk list would be ideal
for helping out.  Sample code is even better, but general advice to do with
the methodology and coding would be most appreciated.
There is a program out there called PROTECT! EXE/COM, which does something
on the lines of EXE encryption which has been brought up here.  I've
corresponded with the author and he won't release the code (understandably,
he's worked very hard on it).  Apparently what it does is (after you
have run something like PKLITE on your executable) encapsulates the
EXE file, encrypted, with CRC checks and debugger traps.  He claims
this is quite effective and has not had anyone come through with
cracking it yet.  Just thought I would mention this ....
Unfortunately, that program is only for DOS/Windows.  It would be NICE
to have something like this working under UNIX, and I can't imagine
that it would be that difficult, although it would most certainly
be platform (assembly language) specific.  Anyone have some ideas about
how to implement such a beast?
Thanks alot...

@_date: 1993-09-07 09:11:41
@_author: Forrest Aldrich 
@_subject: Munitions class encryption 
I am curious about what constitutes "Munitions" class cryptography; is there
really anything out there available to "us" that is of this "quality" (being
unsure of where pgp stands with this).  If there were, would it be feasible
to have something like this that is software-only-based?  If so, and it
originated outside of the USA, I wonder what the officials would think of
its use.  On that line, I wonder if traffic-analysis isn't being performed
right now to determine where the heaviest use of PGP exists.
Perhaps to some, the idea of traffic-analysis (on the internet, that is) might
sound a bit silly; however, I have been assured that this type of activity
is none-the-less a regular one, and is used for many purposes.  Anyone have
more details?
I had a friend who worked in the COMM center at a former air force base.  He
had a top secret clearance, and said that one of his duties was to separate
(and deliver?) classified printouts.  He said that the stuff he read in
there would 'blow your mind'.  He said that (this was only a few years ago)
the government used encryption cards (computer cards) which were changed
on a daily basis.  Which makes me wonder if "Munitions" class cryptography
would indeed require hardware support.

@_date: 1993-09-10 02:13:41
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Crack DES in 3.5 hours for only $1,500,000! 
I will have printed copies of the paper at the Cypherpunks meeting
this weekend.  Folks in other locations, please print the PostScript
version from ftp.eff.org:/pub/crypto/des_key_search.ps, rather than
asking me to mail printed copies.
Kudos to Michael Wiener for doing the work, and for making the paper
freely available online!
By the way, with 60,000 chips, it takes 3.5 hours to brute-force a 56
bit key.  If you lop 16 bits off, you lose a factor of ~60,000: it
takes ONE chip a few hours to brute-force it -- or a third of a second
if you use the whole machine.  I wondered where those ``40-bit keys''
came from...
Oho!  I now suspect why RC2 and RC4 must remain trade-secret...NSA
doesn't want people to know what particular internal algorithm
features their brute-force chips are capable of handling!  I recall
the discussion of how RC2/4 were invented; NSA told the designer
(since identified as Ron Rivest): "No, this is too big; weaken this
over here; do fewer rounds here; etc..."  What resulted was suitable
for NSA brute-force using chips they had readily available.  It's
possible that simple changes to the algorithm would render it much
less penetrable by NSA's current hardware.  Ron even knows *which*
changes, and I encourage him to tell us.

@_date: 1993-09-12 00:28:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: `supercomputer' export control 
Note the date; this is old news.
They're right.
67 NOPS [-) is a single SuperSPARC chip or a fast Pentium.  Nothing
faster than that can be exported without being considered a
"supercomputer", requiring armed guards around it in the foreign
country, etc.  Like, a SPARCstation-10 containing TWO SuperSPARC
The amusing thing is that the chips themselves are not export-controlled.
Foreign clone-makers buy the chips and sell to the rest of the world,
while U.S. companies are fried by endless red tape.  If you can get delivery next week or in six months, which supplier do you pick?
The whole concept of export controls on computers and communications gear
(including cryptography) has got to be demolished.  Smashed to the ground
like the Berlin Wall, a mere memory of decades of totalitarian bureacracy
that ruined real lives and real products.

@_date: 1993-09-20 08:39:55
@_author: Forrest Aldrich 
@_subject: Encrypted logins? 
Is there a way to set up an encrypted login session, whereby the calling
program would need a 'key' in order to decrypt the connection to even
see the 'login: ' prompt?  I thought I saw something like this for the
ham-radio enthusiasts.  It uses plain-DES to do the work.  But this would
require that your calling program be some type of comm prog with the
decryption/encryption abilities within.
I understand that some gov logins use this type of scheme.

@_date: 1993-09-20 11:59:57
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: META: list topicality 
I just received this unsubscribe note here on toad.com.
I, personally, am getting tired of worthwhile people unsubscribing
from the list because the impropriety of others.
1.  Send more private e-mail.  Keep your flames of _all_ types off the
list.  2.  If something offends you, _do_ respond, and only in private.  I
have the suspicion that certain members of the list are not receiving
enough hostile email in response to inappropriate postings.  We want
more negative and postive reinforcement.
3.  This is not a list for paranoids.  Shut up here and go somewhere
else.  If enough people tell you you're paranoid, then it is likely
that you _are_ paranoid.
4.  Do not immediately reply to postings.  Wait, be thoughtful, and
make sure you're not going to make an ass out of yourself.  And to be
sure, there are some asses being made on this list.
5.  Exercise restraint.  If you must make a response to something,
first make sure it shouldn't go in private email.

@_date: 1993-09-21 08:46:30
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Gopher access to Federal Register 
Gopher to gopher.internet.com, port 2002, and you will find the Federal
Register online.  For most documents, you can only get the first
100 lines, but the use of the indexes is free, and many documents
are useful in this form.
You can pay them for access to the full documents, but they prohibit
republishing online -- though you're free to print the documents out.
What heart these guys have!

@_date: 1993-09-21 12:47:39
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: crypto import 
THERE IS NO LAW AGAINST THE IMPORT OF CRYPTOGRAPHY!
How many times does this idiocy have to be squashed?
PS:  I heard a rumor it's against the law to breathe.

@_date: 1993-10-05 15:49:09
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: criminal gif upload 
I suppose my choice of words was bad, but it does happen.  You're right,
most sysops don't change the filenames.  Usually the filenames get
changed when someone is moving the image to a different computer
platform, such as an Amiga user uploading a GIF to a IBM-compatible BBS
where the OS differences would necessitate a filename change.  And of
course there are some punks who just change the filename to get more
upload credits on ratio systems.  I didn't mean to put down the EFF's
efforts to protect sysops, I was just pointing out the possibility for
potential problems.

@_date: 1993-10-08 15:25:47
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: distributed autonomous networks 
solar power
haha...  Well, telephone lines are not a good source of power, because
if you draw too much current, you will get caught very easily when the
customer starts having problems and complains.  I like the EMF idea tho!
 It would probably work fairly well, and would be undetectable unless
they actually went up to check it out.  In most areas, power is carried
by high voltage lines (several thousand volts) and then they have a
transformer every block or so to convert it down to 120v (or 240v or
whatever).  But those high voltage lines do produce a large magnetic
field.  If you strung wires parallel to them, you could get a pretty
sizeable amount of power out of it (enough to run a transmitter at
Heat to electricity: possible but not practical.  Thermocouples can be
expensive and don't produce too much power.  You'd need to place it by
something constantly warm, especially at night.  Solar panels with
rechargeable batteries would probably work best.  That way, the box
could be located in a tall tree or somewhere away from other obvious
power sources, or in other less conspicuous locations.
Well, for international, we might be able to pirate a few unused
frequencies on satellites, altho this might piss off some big name guys
just enuff to get the cops after us.  There's the possibility of
reflecting radio waves off the moon, but of course this would not work
all the time.
Infrared:  IR works well for short distances, and can not be intercepted
easily, but can scattered by rain and fog.  (Polarized light might help
filter noise somewhat tho.)  Furthermore, it has to be direct line of
sight, and can't be situated where something might move in the path of
the beam.  Perhaps someone living on a hill could put up a big aluminum
reflector, and people could focus beams of light onto it.
As for hiding messages in other signals, there's always the possibility
of using ultrasound on a voice frequency...(if the frequency is high
enuff to make it feasible)
Yep, I think so...  I like the idea.

@_date: 1993-10-08 16:15:59
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: distributed autonomous networks 
Well, building the transmitter wouldn't be too hard, and you could
probably transmit much larger amounts of data than over a modem if you
used high frequencies.  The most difficult thing as I see it is that
you'd have to build a small computer for each box, and program it to
route data packets, error-check them, and so on.
A Fully-Qualified-Domain-Name type of network would create
complications.  Since the network will be constantly expanding and
changing, you'd probably need relative domain names. (you'd have to
specify: send packet thru site  thru site  and deliver to site To have fully qualified domain names, you'd need to have something on
the net cataloging them.

@_date: 1993-10-09 09:49:29
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: PHONE PRIVACY 
Well, if you have a pair of pay phones nearby, and the wires are
concealed but accessable, you could rig it to answer calls on one line
and then let the caller dial out on the other line.  Only problem is
that you have to use a calling card...unless you have a red box or rig a
COCOT. ;)

@_date: 1993-10-10 11:46:05
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: PHONE PRIVACY 
Well, the suggestion wasn't meant to be taken all too seriously; note
the smiley face. :)
(Altho I wouldn't be too surprised if someone has actually tried it -
you never know...)

@_date: 1993-10-12 17:49:55
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Someone walking around a city shooting a rifle is likely to attract a
lot more attention than a secret network would.  Secondly, the
transmitter doesn't necessarily have to be exposed, it could be kept
hidden and only the antenna would need to be exposed.  You'd have to be
a damn good shot to hit a wire antenna.  Plus the antenna would be easy
to disguise or hide in many places.
Well, you may know that you can reach a certain person thru site and that stie  can be reached thru site 35 or site 68, and so
on...which gives you a sort of virtual-space map, which would reveal
nothing about actual phyical location of the sites or the person you are
contacting.  Suppose you were connected to site  and you were
communicating with site  thru site   Site  could be 50 meters
away, or 2 km, and you would never know the difference because you
didn't have any way to directly contact site   Hence we have achieved
our objective - you know how to contact site  in netspace - it has a
cybernetic location relative to other sites, but that tells you nothing
about it's actual physical location.

@_date: 1993-10-12 18:09:55
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Secret network 
There is something else that we can use for secret communications and
that is ...  (don't laugh, I'm serious) - water pipes.  Many places
still use metal pipes, thru which radio waves can travel quite well.  I
read an article in a science magazine a few weeks ago, where a team of
researchers were tracking various electromagnetic emissions in
residential households.  They fould that a lot of background magnetic
fields and radio emissions were coming from the water pipes.  When the
neighbors used certain appliances, they could detect it because the EM
emmissions were picked up and carried by the metal water pipes.  And
that's was just background noise.  Imagine what we could transmit by
intentionally broadcasting signals thru the metal pipes!  Also, most of
the "noise" was low frequency, and since our transmitters would be high
frequency, it would probably work pretty well (unless, of course, you
had plastic pipes).  Most of the local net traffic could be handled thru
the pipe-network, while the radio transmitters, lasers & microwave stuff
could be used for longer distance stuff.

@_date: 1993-10-12 18:36:35
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Spread Spectrum Decoys 
Decoys would be easy to build, just build a cruddy receiver, tune it to
a dead station, add an amplifier, and retransmit the noise at another
frequency, and presto, you have a decoy.  Incredibly cheap to build,
(nothing more than a few transistors, capacitors, and resistors, which
don't have to be good quality either); the most expensive thing would
probably be the power supply.  Since the signals would be encrypted,
they wouldn't know static from data (well, they could probably figure it
out if they tried, it just depends on how much effort they want to put
into it).
As for the Julieboard, $125 sounds a bit steep.  If we build the boards
ourselves, it could be done a lot cheaper.  Making rough guesses, we
would need: 8088 (or similiar capacity chip): $2-3.  Small amount of
low-power static RAM (16K or less): $5   eproms: $2-3   UART or
something similiar: $2-3  cpu clock, transistors, TTLs, logic gates,
other paraphinelia to interface CPU to transmitter: $??  Transmitter and
receiver: <$10.  (This is USA $$$ btw...  also I haven't been following
the electronics market too closely lately so correct my guesses if
they're wrong.)  The only problem is finding people experienced enuff to
build the boards.

@_date: 1993-10-12 20:09:57
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
This would defeat many detection methods, but would complicate the
software further, because it would need to be able to quickly compensate
for repeaters which travelled out of range.

@_date: 1993-10-13 15:19:59
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Switching frequencies rapidly to prevent triangulation is still the best
defense.  In my previous post I was just pointing out the silliness in
worrying about someone going around and shooting at transmitters.

@_date: 1993-10-13 16:02:16
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
You've hit the key concept - motion.  If you are operating from a fixed
transmitter, finding locations is very difficult.  The problem is that
if someone was to drive around the city in a radio equipped truck, and
log into lots of different nodes, they could at least get a partial map
of where various nodes are located.  This could be countered by
additional software which would emulate the node you logged in on even
tho it actually switched you to another node (you communicate with a
virtual fixed node which may or may not be the actual one you are
communicating with).  hmm...  Which leaves us with the problem of
developing software to do that, and developing some method of logging
into the system which would not be node-specific (if you had to do
something special for each node, it would immediately reveal what areas
the nodes were in.)  That creates the problem of developing something
that is not a plainly obvious "log-in" signal that the FCC could look
for.  Ideas?

@_date: 1993-10-14 16:40:00
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Glitches in PGP Messages 
However, if
uses MacPGP
be? Thanks.
It's probably an incompatible CR/LF setting.  Try asking your friend to
set up his software to add line feeds to carriage returns.

@_date: 1993-10-14 17:32:04
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: DES 
Wouldn't "triple-DES" imply three keys, or did I miss something?

@_date: 1993-10-16 11:52:18
@_author: Anthony D Ortenzi 
@_subject: Re: IRS LEARNING . . . 
Think of ATM's... we use them and assume that our money is safe...
people are comparing credit cards to digital cash... the main difference
is that the credit-card companies guarantee payment, and it's NOT OUR
MONEY... also.. we get receipts for ATM transactions, would we get
encrypted receipts by e-mail that contained transaction info in a
verifiable format?  Would it be possible for a third party to somehow
carbon-copy all of your receipts to them?
It's mind-boggling, the need for security as the computer age rules our

@_date: 1993-10-16 12:37:18
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: crypto technique 
I was recently doing a calculation involving polynomials when I noticed
the following: The function:
      1  2   1
y = ( - x  + - x + C ) mod P
      2      2
where C is any integar constant, and P is any integral exponent of 2,
given any positive integer less than P as input in x, will produce a
unique positive integer output in the same range, [0,P).  Hence we have
an encryption technique which works well for binary data.  Decrypting
this is a bit trickier.  It is possible to find the inverse equation for
this, (without the modulus) which is: x = SQR(2(y-c) + 1/4) - 1/2
(SQR=Square root)  Finding the square root of the modulus is the tricky
part, but it is possible, since for every number it is possible to add
some multiple of P and find a rational square root (There is a fairly
systematic way to do this; I don't want to bore you with the math right
now, I'll go into it later if anyone wants.  Just trust me for now; it's
possible to do without too much computation.)  Now, there are some ways
to beat this if you were encrypting one byte at a time, such as looking
for recurring spaces in ASCII text, but if you were to group 8 bytes
together and set p=2^64, it would be fairly difficult to crack.
Anyway, in case you're getting bored, here comes the fun part:
What happens when we double-encrypt with this technique?  Well,
obviously you need to use both keys (both values of C) in order to
unencrypt it.  For encrypting tho, we have a nested function of x:
    1   1  2   1        2   1   1  2   1
y = - ( - x  + - x + C )  + - ( - x  + - x + C ) + D
    2   2      2            2   2      2
where D is a second constant.  This multiplies out to a fourth degree
polynomial which can not be easily factored to find it's orininal
components.  Adding a third layer of encryption creates an eighth degree
polynomial which is hopelessly beyond factoring in any reasonable amount
of time.  Hence, it is impossible to determine the decryption key if one
has the encryption key.  Therefore, the multiplied polynomial can be
distributed as a public key, and the inverse functions needed to decrypt
are kept secret (private key).
Has this ever been tried before?  Has it been broken?  I don't see any
way to break this, but I could be overlooking something.  If this works
it seems like it might be simpler to generate keys for than RSA.
I wrote out an example of this on paper here, picking some values for C,
and got:
         4      3         2
y = .125x + .25x + 63.875x + 63.75x + 8159
and I was able to find values of x for values of y.  Go ahead, post a
number, I can decode it (can you?).  Oh, don't forget to say what P is.
P.S.  In case you're wondering where that function came from, and why it
always produces integars, it's a representation of the series

@_date: 1993-10-19 21:17:39
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Unfactorable Polynomial Modulus PKC 
You're right.  You know that the x^2 term is (c/2 + 3/8)x^2 so you can
just solve for c from there.  Once you have c, you can solve for c2. So, if I could prevent you from finding c, then you couldn't solve it. How can I do this?  By adding another constant.
So far, I have just added a constant after each term.  This leaves open
the possibility that I could also add one at the beginning.  (I'll call
the constants A, B and C for simplicity).  Therefore I'd have something
like the following:
F(G(H(x))) where:
F(x) = (1/2)x^2 + (1/2)x + C
G(x) = (1/2)x^2 + (1/2)x + B
H(x) = x + A
Expanding this, we have something which begins:
(1/8)x^4 + ((A+1/2)/2)x^3 + ((3/2)a^2+(3/2)a+b+3/4) + ...
So you can still solve for A, which lets you solve for B, which lets you
break my cipher and find my private key.  But consider the following:
Up to now, I have simply added a constant before and after each nested
term.  I (or you) can easily reverse this process by subtracting the
constant, and then inverting the functions.  I can add an additional
layer of security by multiplying the result of the function by an odd
number and taking the modulus.  As long as I multiply by an odd number
and take the modulus of a power of 2, the process can be reversed.  Now
if I do this at the beginning and after each of the functions I get:
F(G(H(x))) where:
F(x) = (F/2)x^2 + (F/2)x + C
G(x) = (E/2)x^2 + (E/2)x + B
H(x) = Dx + A
Expanding this, I get:
(1/8)fe^2d^4x^4 + ((a+1/2)/2)fe^2d^3x^3 +
(1/2)((3/2)ea^2+(3/2)ae+b+e/4+1/2)fed^2x^2 +
(1/2)(ea^3+(3/2)ea^2+ea/2+2ab+b+a+1/2)fedx +
Picking some random values for A, B, and C, and picking some random odd
numbers for D, E, and F, plugging them into the equation, and then
taking mod 256, I came up with the following:
136.375x^4 + 139.25x^3 + 33.625x^2 + 110.75x + 179
So what values for A,B,C,D,E,& F did I use?  Have fun factoring!  :)

@_date: 1993-10-19 21:22:30
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: crypto technique 
Moduli are always positive.
It is interesting to note that since x^2 mod y = (-x)^2 mod y, then
x^2 mod y = (y-x)^2 mod y.  So whenever you have a square root modulus,
you have at least two numbers in the domain which will produce the same

@_date: 1993-10-21 09:32:49
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: crypto technique 
I may have made a math error; I'll double-check it.

@_date: 1993-10-21 10:12:48
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Mail delivery question 
I was pondering the same question awhile ago.  After poking around in
the system and reading the temporary scratch files that the system
created by the mailer, I noticed that the mail was being preceeded by a
seperate header packet which was not included in the message.  Sending
mail to myself caused the system to create two temporary files in the
process.  One of them was called "SF" and the other was "QF".  I don't
know what the letters stand for, and this is probably just how CMU does
it, other sites may be different.  Anyway, in my test mail to myself,
the SF file contained:
 ||
 |mg5n+
 |26634;andrew.cmu.edu;Matthew J Ghio|
and the QF file contained the actual text of the message plus the
headers that you see.  So the email is actually sent as two seperate
packets of data, the headers you see are just there for looks, the
actual delivery info is hidden behind-the-scenes.  Does anyone else have
any description of "standard" methods of handling internet e-mail?

@_date: 1993-10-22 11:42:56
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Gold in them thar Bills... 
I can easily determine with reasonable precision weather or not a lump
of yellow stuff is gold or not.  All I need is:
1) A glass of water and a balance scale to use Archimedes method (which
is reasonably accurate since there are very few metals heavier than
gold.  If I remember correctly, they are platinum, iridium, osmium, and
uranium..there might be one or two more.  They are all rare metals which
are nearly equal or greater in value than gold, except for uranium which
I could rule out pretty easily on the basis of its radioactivity)
2) A drop of nitric acid.  Nitric acid, (and several other acids as
well) will not react with gold, but will quickly oxidize iron pyrite,
bronze alloys, etc.  In fact, some companies like Edmund Scientific sell
chemical tests to check gold.

@_date: 1993-10-22 12:02:55
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Canon copiers 
I really doubt that they would make it lock up the machine.  If that
were true, I could just walk up to the copier, slap down a $1 bill, hit
the button and walk away.  Poof -
I've just created weeks of downtime and a hefty repair bill.  Gee sounds
like fun.  Now, how many businesses do you know of that would be willing
to take that kind of risk in buying a copier?

@_date: 1993-11-02 16:42:17
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Some possible projects/topics for CypherPunks 
: > 1. HARDWARE:  What about building our own machines?  This is the Vinge-ian
: >    crypto-anarchy theme ultimately.  We should be able to produce our own
: >    technology,  and not depend on the merchantile/government-mandated
: >    economic system/monopolies.
: > : >    I see this as being very important to the oceania/autopia/technomad
: >    ideas and projects of creating ocean-going free societies.
I agree.  Altho we'd probably want to build our own boards, we'd have to
rely on commercially availiable integrated circuits and other
components.  The components we'd need are fairly easy to obtain, and I
don't see any reason to believe that we will have difficulty obtaining
computer components to build a secret network in the future.  Oceania
will probably become a major source of electronic privacy technologies,
but that's still several years in the future.
: >    Or is anyone interested in starting a parallel list of sorts for the
: >    hardware-punks?  'ware-punks?  :-)  or perhaps an even better name
Yes.  Who can host the mailing list?

@_date: 1993-11-04 10:12:24
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: ANON: random remailing... 
Exacltly how do you fake mail with telnet or use a newsgroup for one-way
anonymous email?  Care to elaborate?

@_date: 1993-11-06 19:18:05
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) ViaCrypt PGP ships today 
I don't see how this would be of much help tho.  Putting a weakness in
the secret key password wouldn't help them much since they don't have
your secret key.  Furthermore, they couldn't easily change it without
making it incompatible with previous keys.  If I wanted to subtly weaken
PGP, I'd do it by weakening the randomness of the IDEA cipher key,
making it significantly easier to guess, by choosing a "random" key
based on something known, such as the legnth of the message or the date
it was encrypted, which would provide seemingly random encryption, but
actually make it easy to break if you knew the pattern.  I'm not saying
that anyone did that, but that's where I would start if I wanted to
sabotage it...

@_date: 1993-11-08 12:23:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Tapping modem transmissions 
It's not too technically difficult to tap modem connections at low
speed, I played around with it a few years back, and I was able to add a
third modem onto a 300 or 1200 baud connection and view what was being
transmitted.  Using the modem as a dumb interpreter of the signal works
well to analyze the raw data being transmitted at low speeds, but when
you use v.42 and LAPM, things get a bit more complicated.  You need
special hardware/software to interpret and decode the compressed &
checksummed data packets.

@_date: 1993-11-08 15:33:45
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
Just reading this list I'm sure it would be fairly clear that word
analysis could be used to identify posters.  Reread a few posts on the
cypherpunks list.  Note who spells out "government" and who abbreviates
to "gov't".  Some people consistently use one or the other.  Count who
uses "though" and who uses "tho".  Also look at who refers to "anonymous
posters" and who talks about "nyms".  I think you will notice some
definent patterns.  Other possible word favoritisms:
DigiCash/digital cash
Internet/"the net"
Just looking at the above list I'm sure some of you will realize how
much you favor using certain terms, others probably without noticing it.
 Sorting by subject is possible too.  Notice that there is only a
certain group of users who consistently discuss DCnets.  Another group
consistently mentions the IRS, and taxes.  A different group typically
discusses anonymnity and anonymous postings.  Others tend to avoid
certain topics.  Think about your own postings and realize what topics
interest you most.  I don't think it would be too hard to establish a "text fingerprint" of
people based on what words they use.  Maybe when I have some time I'll
write a program to do it and see how many different patterns/styles I
can identify.
P.S. Also note the variations in text markings to express emphasis. Note who CAPITALIZES, *stars* _underscores_ or Capitalizes The First

@_date: 1993-11-09 09:28:39
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: 
An anonymous poster said:
Most likely the DTE will be doing the encryption/decryption.  Who would
buy an expensive hardware encryption device when you can write terminal
software to do it?
Yeah, tapping 1200 and 2400 bps modems is prety easy to do.  Actually
you probably wouldn't even need to build filters or anything, just
record the signal and connect it to a stock 2400 modem, then set the
modem to originate or answer.  The modem already has filters to decode
the data, of course.  You have to do it twice if you want to get both
sides of the transmission tho.

@_date: 1993-11-09 16:43:14
@_author: Tony A Rippy 
@_subject: Re: Usenet: 'Resistance Is Futile' 
Dear All,
    A little quote from Mr. Nave: "Let us hope that our coffee shop is
not overrun by screaming children..."     Excuse me if I get a tad bit offended by this. I am a computer
science student at Carnegie-Mellon University and I read several
internet b-boards. Most of the time I don't enter in arguments, or
"petty bickering" as it has been called. I just like to read other
people's ideas and see what's going on. I can see you guys getting
frustrated with thousands of repetative messages and postings, but do
you want to sanction of the rest of the world? I always thought (correct
me if I'm wrong) that you guys advocated the open exchange of
information and ideas via computer. Now you guys want to discuss the
advantages of free computer forums while excluding anyone else from your
little discussion? Sounds slightly hypocritical.                                     A Screaming Child,
                                                Tony Rippy
                                                tr2n+

@_date: 1993-11-09 23:27:32
@_author: "L. Detweiler" 
@_subject: Re: the Amusements of Cypherpunks 
Mr. Hughes, I was myself subject to `rude and unwelcome and annoying
behavior' -- a mini mail bomb, which I attempted to shame the sender
into refraining from in reporting it to the mailing list as a whole.
You explicitly condone such atrocious behavior in your outrageous
response to myself and my postmaster.

@_date: 1993-11-10 20:53:33
@_author: "L. Detweiler" 
@_subject: Re: the Amusements of Cypherpunks 
apparently you are so clueless as to never have heard of a kill file.
or are too insane to implement one yourself if your software doesn't have one.
please, join the rest of society. don't be such an incredible jerk. it
wouldn't be so bad if you just left me alone, but the whole point of
your venemous rudeness is that you ASSAULT PEOPLE.
I really do feel sorry for you.

@_date: 1993-11-10 20:54:48
@_author: "L. Detweiler" 
@_subject: P. Metzger 
Assuming you are not P. Metzger, please help him to understand how to
implement a kill file rather than assaulting me with mailbombs.
[insert minimailbomb here]

@_date: 1993-11-13 08:54:51
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: fractal crypto 
hehe...  I did something involving the trigonometric tangent function.
The actual "key" isn't too complex actually...

@_date: 1993-11-16 16:40:58
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: souls and Multiple Personality Disorder 
Haha...  but seriously, I know someone who ran a BBS, and his wife had
Multiple Personalities Disorder.  She has 5 or 6 different accounts on
the system for each of her different personalities.  It was pretty funny
to watch the different persoalities talk on the bulletin boards...most
people did not know who those accounts actually belonged to.
Yeah and I'm a trill currently possessing this body like Dax on DS9 hahaha...
But since you brought up what you call "legitimate" personalities, let
me pose this philosophical question to you: Suppose a human is born
healthy, but with no cerebral functions, ie braindead.  Suppose I am an
old man who is dying, but neurology has advanced to a point where I
could transfer myself to inhabit that body, and live normally
thereafter.  Would that be a legitimate soul?  If true names are linked
to biological entities, what is my true name?  How do you define a true
name?  It's not a trivial question because there are a lot of extropians
who would do that if they had the chance...

@_date: 1993-11-17 17:24:29
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: WORK: San Francisco Bay Area contract working with crypto 
Just passing this on in case any one is interested.
  Technipower (a contract broker)
        2727 Walsh Avenue, Suite         Santa Clara, California 95051
        +1 408 748 0444
        Scott Whittman
        JobOrder         Requirments:
          BSMS in CS with 5+ years experance software development in
        Un*x and MSDOS using C. Excellent verbal and written skills a
        must.  U.S.A. Citizenship Required
        Duites:
          Responsible for the design and developemt of PC and Un*x
        software for interacting with a new cryptographic micro
        controler.
          Applicatoin involves bio-metric user authentication and
        digital signatures using public key cryptography and async.
        communications.
          Leave name, job order  and your rate per hour and your
        phone number.

@_date: 1993-11-17 15:04:29
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: BAN Detweiler(WHAT A LOON) 
I think it's time we started ignoring Detweiler's shit, stopped
discussing Detweiler, stopped flaming Detweiler, and discussed more
important issues, you know, like cryptography or something. :).

@_date: 1993-11-20 10:42:09
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: "True Identities" 
I find it particularily interesting that on the internet (in contrast to
almost every other net in existance), people have this strange fettish
for worrying about anonymnity and "true names".  My question is why? People on other nets never give the using of a handle or nym a second
thought.  (By other nets I mean Fidonet, WWIVnet, TEAMnet, C-Link,
Oggnet, fvnet etc)  A name is just a way of identifying a paritcular
person.  I don't see why people are so opposed to the use of nyms like
Wonderer or Black Unicorn because those don't fit your image of what a
name should be.  These names identify the senders in a manner that is
adequate to the discussion on Cypherpunks.  Would it be any better if
these people used names like Mike or John or something?  Would it really
make any relevant difference to the discussion on cypherpunks?

@_date: 1993-11-29 13:12:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: FOIA:  Released Records 
November 22, 1993
Chief, Office of Policy
National Security Agency/Central Security Service
Fort George Meade, MD  20755-6000
Reference:  RELEASED RECORDS
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C.  552(a)] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which NSA has declassified during the months of September and October 1993.  This request specifically excludes any information already provided to Mr. Gilmore in any other request.
We also remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. E.O.P., No 93-5002 (D.C. Cir., Aug. 13, 1993).  Any paper print-
outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.
Mr. Gilmore would also like a list of all records responsive to this request if such a list can be provided in advance of the records themselves.  As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  Your own regulations provide that [t]he Chief, Office of Policy, shall notify the requester of his determination within 10 working days of his receipt of the request.  [32 C.F.R.  299.4(b)].  Please do not delay processing because of uncertainty about the request.  I have reasonably described the records sought.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number, and we can discuss your questions.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore is deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-11-29 13:12:13
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: FOIA: Cellular Encryption 
November 23, 1993
Chief, Office of Policy
National Security Agency/Central Security Service
Fort George Meade, MD  20755-6000
ATTN:  FOIA request
Reference:  CELLULAR ENCRYPTION
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C.  552(a)] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which pertain, relate, or refer to encryption for cellular telephone communications.  This request includes, but is not limited to records about:  a standard known as the Cellular Message Encryption Algorithm ("CMEA"); NSA's involvement in the development of CMEA; NSA's assessment of the strengths, weaknesses, and technical features of CMEA; standards or technologies other than CMEA considered for cellular telephone communications encryption contacts, conversations, meetings or communications of any sort involving NSA employees and persons not employed by NSA regarding cellular telephone communications encryption.  Mr. Gilmore is informed and believes that NSA employees have been involved in meetings with persons not employed by NSA, including persons outside of the U.S. government, about the CMEA standard, and he specifically asks that you disclose all agency records of any or all such meetings.
As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  Your own regulations provide that [t]he Chief, Office of Policy, shall notify the requester of his determination within 10 working days of his receipt of the request.  [32 C.F.R.  299.4(b)].  If the records that you possess were originated or classified by another organization, I ask that your organization declassify them (if needed) and release them to me, as provided in the FOIA, within the statutory time limits.  If there is a conflict between the statutory time limits and some regulation or policy that requires you refer the records, the statutory requirement takes precedence over any Executive-branch regulation, policy or practice.  As you know, the FOIA provides that no more than an additional 10 working days be taken for such consultation.  5 U.S.C.  552(a)(6)(B).  If you do refer documents to any other agency, and they are not provided within the time limits, we intend to litigate on this point.
We also remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. E.O.P., No 93-5002 (D.C. Cir., Aug. 13, 1993).  Any paper print-
outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.
As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C.  552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed, and mark all deletions to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each individual withholding.  If the (b)(3) exemption is claimed, please indicate the relevant withholding statute(s).
In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt.  As you know, the Attorney General on October 4, 1993, directed that agencies should administer the FOIA under a presumption of disclosure, and that information which need not be withheld should not be.
Please do not delay processing because of uncertainty about the request.  I have reasonably described the records sought.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number, and we can discuss your questions.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore is deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-11-29 13:12:26
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: FOIA:  Sensor fusion 
November 22, 1993
Chief, Office of Policy
National Security Agency/Central Security Service
Fort George Meade, MD  20755-6000
Reference:  SENSOR FUSION
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C.  552(a)] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which pertain, relate, or refer to sensor fusion.  "Sensor fusion" is the activity or process of "fusing" or merging information from a variety of different sensors to produce a more informative product.  For instance, merging radar data with intercepted radio transmissions and adding in satellite pictures may reveal a concentration of metal (from radar data) that coincides with a site that is transmitting communications.  This request includes, but is not limited to:  electronic records such as software for performing sensor fusion; all documentation for such software; documentation about equipment used for sensor fusion; and records about agency use of sensor fusion.  If the requested records are not in the possession of your agency, or if other agencies may also possess such records, I ask that you forward this request to any agency that you believe may have records responsive to this request, and inform me of such action.  Such agencies may include the NRO and the CIA.  In the alternative, I ask that you inform me of other agencies that you believe possess and control such records.  As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  Your own regulations provide that [t]he Chief, Office of Policy, shall notify the requester of his determination within 10 working days of his receipt of the request.  [32 C.F.R.  299.4(b)].  If the records that you possess were originated or classified by another organization, I ask that your organization declassify them (if needed) and release them to me, as provided in the FOIA, within the statutory time limits.  If there is a conflict between the statutory time limits and some regulation or policy that requires you refer the records, the statutory requirement takes precedence over any Executive-branch regulation, policy or practice.  As you know, the FOIA provides that no more than an additional 10 working days be taken for such consultation.  5 U.S.C.  552(a)(6)(B).  If you do refer documents to any other agency, and they are not provided within the time limits, we intend to litigate on this point.
We also remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. E.O.P., No 93-5002 (D.C. Cir., Aug. 13, 1993).  Any paper print-
outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.
As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C.  552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed, and mark all deletions to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each individual withholding.  If the (b)(3) exemption is claimed, please indicate the relevant withholding statute(s).
In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt.  As you know, the Attorney General on October 4, 1993, directed that agencies should administer the FOIA under a presumption of disclosure, and that information which need not be withheld should not be.
Please do not delay processing because of uncertainty about the request.  I have reasonably described the records sought.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number, and we can discuss your questions.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore is deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore
rom owner-cypherpunks  Mon Nov 29 13:27:25 1993
Received: by toad.com id AA14244; Mon, 29 Nov 93 13:12:26 PST
Received: by toad.com id AA14124; Mon, 29 Nov 93 13:09:31 PST
Return-Path: Received: from localhost by toad.com id AA14120; Mon, 29 Nov 93 13:09:28 PST
November 23, 1993
Chief, Office of Policy
National Security Agency/Central Security Service
Fort George Meade, MD  20755-6000
ATTN:  FOIA request
Reference:  PUBLIC DOMAIN CLASSIFIED RECORDS
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C.  552(a)] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which pertain, relate, or refer to documents which are formally designated as "classified" by the U.S. Government but which are known by NSA officials to be outside direct government control, in the possession of persons not presently employed by the U.S. government, available to the public in libraries, or otherwise in the public domain, whether within or outside the United States.  This request also includes all agency records which were previously classified but are no longer classified or had their classification level downgraded if the fact that the records were outside direct government control, in the possession of persons not presently employed by the U.S. government, available to the public in libraries, or otherwise in the public domain, whether within or outside the United States, was a factor in declassification or downgrading.  To help you understand the nature of this request, I refer you to Mr. Gilmore's earlier request for Military Cryptanalysis by William Friedman and Military Cryptanalytics by Friedman and Lambros Callimahos.  As you know, your agency initially denied Mr. Gilmore's request for Parts III and IV of the Friedman treatise on the ground that they were classified, but later released these records after Mr. Gilmore proved that Parts III and IV were available to the general public.  Mr. Michael Smith, Chief, Office of Policy, informed the court and Mr. Gilmore that NSA officials had known for many years that these records had entered the public domain, but that he himself was unaware of this fact, and thus chose not to disclose them at the time of Mr. Gilmore's request.  This request is intended to reach any other such records (still classified) and any records for which downgrading or declassification was ordered if the presence of the records outside direct government control was relevant to the downgrading or declassification determination.  Although Mr. Gilmore does not by this request seek the already-released portions of Military Cryptanalysis by William Friedman and Military Cryptanalytics by Friedman and Lambros Callimahos, he does by this request seek any records that pertain to whether the unreleased portions of Part III of Military Cryptanalytics by Friedman and Lambros Callimahos are known by NSA officials to be outside direct government control, in the possession of persons not presently employed by the U.S. government, available to the public in libraries, or otherwise in the public domain, whether within or outside the United States. This request is also intended to trigger declassification review of all records responsive to this request.
Mr. Gilmore would also like a list of all records responsive to this request if such a list can be provided in advance of the records themselves.  As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  Your own regulations provide that [t]he Chief, Office of Policy, shall notify the requester of his determination within 10 working days of his receipt of the request.  [32 C.F.R.  299.4(b)].  If the records that you possess were originated or classified by another organization, I ask that your organization declassify its.  If there is a conflict between the statutory time limits and some regulation or policy that requires you refer the records, the statutory requirement takes precedence over any Executive-branch regulation, policy or practice.  As you know, the FOIA provides that no more than an additional 10 working days be taken for such consultation.  5 U.S.C.  552(a)(6)(B).  If you do refer documents to any other agency, and they are not provided within the time limits, we intend to litigate on this point.
We also remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. E.O.P., No 93-5002 (D.C. Cir., Aug. 13, 1993).  Any paper print-
outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.
As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C.  552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed, and mark all deletions to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each individual withholding.  If the (b)(3) exemption is claimed, please indicate the relevant withholding statute(s).
In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt.  As you know, the Attorney General on October 4, 1993, directed that agencies should administer the FOIA under a presumption of disclosure, and that information which need not be withheld should not be.
Please do not delay processing because of uncertainty about the request.  I have reasonably described the records sought.  If you have any questions regarding this request, please telephone me at the above number, and we can discuss your questions.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore is deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-11-29 20:37:17
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: really hiding encrypted data 
Not a stupid question at all.  I would suspect that altho the least
significant bits of a picture file are not very orderly, they are
probably not quite a random distribution.  I would suspect that in many
pictures, they would form curved contour lines, outlining subtle
differences in color across a picture image.  Of course, some pictures
are more random than others, so the best someone scanning data packets
could do would be to pick out "suspicious" images to analyze further.
Well, since you mentioned the f-word, I guess I'll entertain the
possibility.  A fractal would probably be one way to hide data while
producing an orderly looking picture.  Suppose you wrote a program to
calculate the Mandelbrot set (fairly common example that most people
should be familiar with; if not, ask and I will clarify the math) to 256
iterations, and plot the number of iterations required for the magnitude
of the complex number pair to exceed 2.0 as the intensity of the pixel
(or zero for points in the set).  The result is a image that many people
have seen before.  Now, suppose that you modify your fractal generator
program slightly.  For points which required more than 32 iterations,
you would not plot the exact value, but instead change it +/- 1. Because the points which require a high number of iterations are in the
naturally most chaotic part of the fractal, it would probably defeat
"scanning" attempts to look for steg-data.  In fact, the only way to
discover the message would be to actually plot the fractal and compare
it to the file you had - a time consuming process, especially if the
cracker didn't know the exact coordinate boundries of the image, and the
number of significant figures used in your calculations.  Or maybe
instead of accepting divergance at 2.0, you choose 2.1, or even 2.01? Lots of possibilities...
If defeating a gummint traffic sniffer is your objective, consider what
kind of sniffer the gummint might use.  If they were just checking for
randomness, they might apply a data compression technique to look for
patterns (since cryptodata can't be compressed).  In such a case, you
could design a compression program which would "uncompress" data - that
is, run a data compression in reverse; adding random repitition that a
data compression program would notice.  Basically, what you need to do
is to design a data (un)compression system such that every possible
input file maps exactly to some "uncompressed" text.  You then steg the
uncompressed data, and then the recipient "compresses" the data to
reveal the original ciphertext, and then decrypts.

@_date: 1993-11-30 12:32:23
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Crypto-dongle protocols? 
This is being discussed on the hardware list, you might want to forward
this topic there instead.

@_date: 1993-12-02 12:43:38
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: EFF Op-Ed from the NY Tim 
ha ha ...  BTW: I did get an internet mail address not in the cmu.edu domain.
True.  But I could just as well set up my own BBS for about the same price.
Yes, I know there are sysops who could afford this, but the vast
majority couldn't.  I know it's certainly over my budget.
Of course... Isn't this what cypherpunks have been wishing for all along?

@_date: 1993-12-05 13:03:13
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Pseudospoofing 
If you were not a liar, would you tell me that you were a liar?  :)

@_date: 1993-12-09 17:11:05
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: new electronic cash card to be tested in UK 
Well, this is likely to happen in any cash implementation where the
gubmint/bank does not purposely inflate the currency.  However it's not
necessarily bad - after all, if people can make money at digicash that's
not government tampered with (inflated), they'll be more people willing
to do it.  Of course, this will lead to fierce competition, likely to
the point where you can earn interest on the cash in your wallet! Either that or, have a independant digicash system which is introduced
at the price of $1 for one digibuck, and then allowed to fluctuate, and
rise.  After a few years you might be able to sell your digibucks for $2
apiece, or more. :)
Nobody's forcing you to use their digicash system, so you could demand
whatever disclosure you wanted, or take your business elsewhere.
Probably not, but some people are stupid.

@_date: 1993-12-11 18:57:06
@_author: Chip Morningstar -- "Software Without Moving Parts" 
@_subject: Re: "Cipher" 
Postman may be right about his etymology; I don't know, though I'm sure one of
the many folks out there with an OED could answer this.  However, arguing from
etymology is one of the most irksome of the many bogus rhetorical techniques
that the academic establishment has developed as part of its standard toolkit
and really wish they would cut it out.  The answer to the broader question, "Is
Postman correct?", is "no".

@_date: 1993-12-16 20:16:07
@_author: Phil Karn 
@_subject: Bobby Inman 
In case you haven't been following the news for the past two days or
so, Secretary of Defense Les Aspin has resigned, and Clinton has
already nominated Bobby Inman, a retired 4-star Navy admiral, as his
Inman was NSA director during the Carter administration. He is
probably best known for his outspoken calls for draconian laws
regulating private cryptography. He wanted all cryptographic research,
public or private, to be "born classified", just like nuclear weapons,
with NSA given authority over all publications.
He lost, of course, but his becoming Secretary of Defense just as the
issue of private crypto regulation is coming to a head again does not
bode well at all.

@_date: 1993-12-17 00:21:10
@_author: Phil Karn 
@_subject: Re: Bobby Inman 
Inman's first job after retiring from his spook's life in the Navy was
to start MCC in Austin, TX. I saw him speak in 1984 at Bell Labs
Murray Hill shortly after the AT&T divestiture, before Bellcore got
its own facilities.  He was there to sign up Bellcore for MCC
membership, although we didn't know it yet.
He gave an almost content-free talk about "regaining America's
technological leadership" or something like that. When he finished, I
got up and asked him how he could reconcile his stated need to lead
the world in high technology with a DoD-dominated export control
system specifically geared to keeping us from selling those very
technologies in which we lead the world.  He waffled like a classic
politician. I was still trying to decipher his answer long after he
After MCC, I think he went to Westmark, a defense contractor. He also
showed up on at least one Baby Bell board of directors (SW Bell?). As
a shareholder, I made it a point to specifically withhold my vote for
him when the proxies got mailed out.  (To be sure, big corporation
proxies are about as meaningful as ballots in a Communist election,
but what the hell -- unlike the Publishers' Clearinghouse sweepstakes,
at least they pay postage.  Eventually I started voting against ALL of
the directors on all of the Bell proxies, just for the hell of it.)
After what Inman tried to do to civilian crypto in the late 1970s, the
word "slime" keeps coming to mind. But then again, there are plenty of
Inmans in the military-industrial complex.

@_date: 1993-12-17 13:16:24
@_author: Phil Karn 
@_subject: Re: Bobby Inman 
Okay, I admit that "slime" may be a bit too strong. And according to
the "Puzzle Palace", Inman was surprisingly enlightened (at least for
a senior military officer in the late 1970s) when it came to one
privacy-related topic, that of allowing civilian gays to serve openly
in the NSA. As I recall, he agreed that a gay out of the closet was
much less likely to be blackmailed than one that was still in the
closet, rejecting the argument that an openly gay NSA employee
represented an unacceptable security risk.
But I *still* can't forgive him for how he tried to kill civilian
cryptography as NSA director, especially since his more recent
comments to John Perry Barlow tend to indicate that he hasn't changed
his views much, if at all.  This is a guy that will have to be watched
*very* carefully, especially since everybody in Washington seems to be
falling all over themselves to praise him.

@_date: 1994-01-10 02:51:20
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Twelve year flashback to Admiral Bobby Inman 
San Jose Mercury, January 8, 1982 (EIGHTY-two), page F-1
[The Washington Post]
WASHINGTON -- Adm. Bobby R. Inman, deputy director of the CIA,
Thursday predicted a "tidal wave" of public outrage and laws
restricting scientists if scientists do not agree to voluntary
"review" of their work by intelligence agencies.
Scientists had better cooperate in making some of their papers secret
voluntarily, or they will face tough laws restricting them, Inman told
a panel session at the annual meeting of the American Association for
the Advancement of Science.
Scientists should beware that there are congressional investigations
now in progress that will point up the "thoroughly documented" fact
that in the buildup of Soviet defense capability "the bulk of new
technology which they have employed has been acquired from the United
States," Inman said.
When the details of this "hemorrhage of the country's technology" come
out in public, Inman said, there will be a "tidal wave" of public
outrage that will lead to laws restricting the publication of
scientific work that the government might consider "sensitive" on
national security grounds.
"The tides are moving, and moving fast, toward legislated solutions
that in fact are likely to be much more restrictive, not less
restrictive, than the voluntary" censorship system he has suggested,
Inman said.
When he was director of the National Security Agency, the codemaking
and breaking intelligence agency, Inman led an effort to get prominent
private researchers to submit their papers on the mathematical theory
of codes to his agency before publication.
The NSA also briefly put secrecy orders on some of the private code
research in recent years.
But in April 1981, cooperation among the National Science Foundation,
the American Council on Education and the NSA resulted in a voluntary
review system under which scientists can submit their papers to NSA
for review and receive a judgement on whether they possibly contain
information damaging to the national security.
Since then, about 25 papers have been reviewed and none had problems,
according to Daniel Schwartz, until recently chief counsel for the NSA.
"There are other fields where publication of certain information could
affect the national security in a harmful way," Inman said.  These
include the fields of "computer hardware and software, other
electronic gear and techniques, lasers, crop projections and
manufacturing procedures."
The above news article ran twelve years ago.  His tidal wave of
crypto censorship didn't appear; instead, a wave of support for free
expression ran through the scientific and library community.  About
half of the technical societies amended their by-laws to disallow
closed or censored meetings or conferences.
I wonder if Admiral Inman feels the same way today, as he faces Senate
confirmation hearings as Secretary of Defense.  Will we be seeing the
same sort of proposals?  How does he feel about export controls on
cryptographic software?  What should be done with the Skipjack
program?  If you wonder too, please ask your Senator to ask him about
it.  Seriously.

@_date: 1994-01-18 08:06:23
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: PGP posting validation 
DrZaphod says:
Or, you could do what is done on the extropians list:  Every time a
filter/block or other command is received, the list software sends back
a note confirming it.  It would make it pretty obvious if someone was
spoofing fake filtering commands.

@_date: 1994-01-23 11:36:33
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Mr. Remailer Operator Responds 
Detweiler says:
Look, I've tried to stay out of this, but since you're obviously not
intending to stop, let me make a few points clear.  There is nothing
illegal in ASCII text alone.  You have a right to say (or type) whatever
you want to whoever wants to listen (or read it).  That doesn't mean we
have to listen.  I don't have to read your drivel.  So, yes, I have the
right to "censor" your posts from what I read. Your right to freedom of
speech does not mean you have the right to invade our mailing list with
messages which are not on topic.  So, go ahead and post whatever you
want - just don't post it here.  Start your own mailing list.
If you persist, we will eventually throw you out, block your posts, or
otherwise prevent you from interrupting our discussion here.  So I'm
going to ask you to please stop now.  Of course, you can keep at it, and
eventually another mailing list will be created, with posting
restrictions and protections that will keep you out.  You won't gain
anything by forcing us to do that, except accumulate a few more enemies.
 So why not quit while you still have access here?

@_date: 1994-01-24 14:46:41
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: NSA wants to buy 10,000-70,000 Clipper PCMCIA cards by March 
John Markoff just broke a story which has been simmering for almost
two months -- large scale deployment of PCMCIA card-based Skipjack
***  Hastily Scanned.  No authority for redistribution granted ***
U.S. CODE AGENCY IS JOSTLING FOR CIVILIAN TURF
New York Times, Monday, January 24, 1994
By John Markoff
  The National Security agency is trying to establish a standard tor
electronically scrambling computer communications, a move that would go far
beyond the agency's usual military and intelligence domain to include
civilian activities like electronic tax returns and computerized medical
The plan by the N.S.A., which may be announced as early as today, worries
business executives, who fear a Government encroachment on privacy. And
some officials in the Clinton Administration believe that the N.S.A. is
overstepping its bounds.
  The N.S.A. is the Federal agency responsible for electronic surveillance
of global communications, though usually not civilian communlcations,
within the United States.
  But in an era when everyday business is increasingly conducted over
computer networks, and when much of that electronic commerce is transmitted
in scrambled form to prevent eavesdropping or theft of information, the
agency is intent on having Government and civilian computer users employ a
standard approach to scrambling.
  That way, after-obtaining a court's permission, law-enforcement officials
would have a way of cracking codes.
Bidding Process
  The agency will seek bids from companies to produce circuit cards based
on its technology, which would be used to scramble electronic messages for
Government agencies and, eventually, private companies. Agency employees
confirmed the plan late Friday, though no agency officials could be reached
over the weekend for further details.
  The Internal Revenue Service, the Government agency that has the most
electronic communication with the public, has already started testing the
system. "We need to know what the administrative issues are with this
technology," said Henry Philcox, the tax agency's chief information
Many computer industry executives oppose the National Security Agency's
effort, saying there is no way for industry experts and outsiders to
determine the reliability and security of the underlying scrambling
technology, which the agency intends to keep secret.
  Privacy-rights advocates, meanwhile, are wary of the system because of
the electronic "back door" it contains, permitting Government
eavesdropping. And some other Administration officials say the agency is
going too far by pushing the standard into civilian computing
  "What these guys are trying to do is run ahead of the blocking," an
Administration official who spoke on the condition of anonymity said.
"Trying to sell this as the wave of the future is premature as
Administration policy.
The circuit card, which is designed to fit into a personal computer and
which the agency calls Tessera, is based on technology similar to a device
known as the Clipper Chip, a telephone voice-scrambling chip that provides
a back-door means for letting law-enforcement officials eavesdrop.
  The Clipper plan, developed by the National Security Agency in
cooperation with the National Insatute for Standards and Technology, a
Commerce Department agency, was announced in April by the Clinton
Administration. It has been almost universally opposed by computer and
telecommunications executives and by public policy groups.
  In a letter to be sent to President Clinton today, which was released on
Friday to The New York Times, a group of 38 of the nation's leading
computer scientists, computer-security specialists and privacy experts have
urged that the Clipper program be stopped.
  "The current proposal was developed in secret by Federal agencies
primarily concerned about electronic surveillance, not privacy protection,"
the letter states. "Critical aspects of the plan remain classified and thus
beyond public review."
  The letter was signed by most of the civilian pioneers of modern
cryptography, including Whitfield Diffie of Sun Microsystems, Ralph C
Merkle of the Xerox Corporation, Martin Hellman of Stanford University and
Ronald Rivest of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
  While there has been no other indication so far that the Government wants
to torce private industry to use Clipper or Tessera technologies, their
adoption as Government and military standards could go a long way toward
making them de facto standards. The Federal and military markets are some
of the largest for the computer and communications industrles, and the
Government has the power to determine what sorts of advanced technology can
be exported.
  Moreover, the Government could insure widespread use of the Clipper and
Tessera technologies by insisting that they be used by businesses and
individuals when communicating electronically with Federal agencies.
Official Reasoning
  Law-enforcement officials say the technologies are intended to resolve a
longstanding problem of the information age: how to preserve the right of
businesses and citizens to use codes to protect all sorts of digltal
communications without letting criminals and terrorists conspire beyond the
law's reach. Businesses and individuals who often communicate over computer
networks already make use of a variety of scrambling systems-either of
their own devising or those commercially available.
  Many of these scrambling systems are unbreakable by anyone who does not
hold the electronic keys to the code, something generally known only by the
sender and the recipient of scrambled messages.
  That is a problem for the National Security Agency, which routinely
listens to many of the world~s telephone and computer conversations -
although it has no jurisdiction for moni toring non-Government
conversations within the United States. The N.S.A.'s Tessera and Clipper
systems would have an independent agency hold master keys to the codes,
which could be obtained with a court's permission for surveillance by
law-enforcement officials.
  The agency plans initially to purchase 10,000 to 70,000 of the Tessera
cards for its use and that of the Pentagon. In an industry briefin8 held
earlier this month, however, N.S.A. officials proposed the eventual use of
the secure communications card in a vast range of civilian and Government
applications including some by the Internal Revenue Service, the
Departments of Health and Hurnan Services, Justice and State and in the
Senate and the House.
  The agency also suggested that the card could be used for civilian
functions like electronic mail and in the scrambling systems employed in
cable television.
The National Security Agency's new standard-setting effort is being
introduced a couple of weeks before the Clinton Administration completes a
classified review of the Clipper proposal, and several industry executives
said the announcement had been timed to apply pressure to the
Administration's decision making.
  The proposal angers industry executives who believe that the agency is
rushing to establish a de facto standard that will undercut efforts to
adopt a competing commercial standard without a built-in back door. That
standard, being developed by RSA Data Security, a Redwood City, Calif.,
software company, has been endorsed by the nation's leading computer
makers, software developers and telecommunications companies.
Secret Formula
  These companies are particularly troubled by the National Security
Agency~s refusal to disclose the mathematical formula, or algorithm, on
which-its scrambling technology is based.
  "The issue here is: Should a secret algorithm developed by the
intelligence community be used for unclassified civilian uses?" said
Stephen Walker, a computer security industry executive and a member of the
Government's Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board.  l think
the answer is it should not.
  The agency has increasingly come into conflict with industry and public !
policy groups who argue that independent and public coding technology is
essential if the nation is to develop a viable electronic commerce system.   "These Government surveillance plans focus on limiting public privacy at
a time when everyone is calling for more privacy," said Marc Rotenberg, .
Washington director of Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility, a
public interest group that organized the letter that will be sent to
President Clinton today. "Privacy is a key part of the national information
infrastructure, and the decisions the Administration is making are leaning
l in the wrong direction."
  The new security standard is being proposed at a time the National
Security Agency is trying to redefine its role after the cold war, and it
raises questions in critics' minds about whether the agency is overstepping
its authority. The 1988 Computer Security Act limited the N.S.A.'s computer
security role to military and intelligence agencies.
  "These guys are fighting for job secyrity," said William Ferguson, vice
president of Semaphore Inc., a , Santa Clara, Calif., computer network
security firm. "Now that the K.G.B. has gone commercial, the N.S.A. is
trying to start its own initiatives that say, 'all we're trying to do i is
keep up with the K.G.B.' "
  White House officials said the agency's actions would not necessarily
force the Administration to authorize, an unpopular coding technology.
One official said the Administration policy review was likely to establish
a permanent working group that, would limit the National Security, Agency's
role in policy making.
  The N.S.A. originally planned to announce its request for proposals on
Friday. But the notice was delayed because the Government shut down
Thursday in response to the frigid weather that disrupted the supply of
electricity in Washington and other parts of the East. The agency
tentatively plans to award contracts for the Tessera card by March 25.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: West Indies 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
INFORMATION HIGHWAY CROSSES THE SEA    The Information Highway arrives at ... 14 Caribbean islands.
    Cable   & Wireless (West Indies), AT&T and France Telecom announced a deal last week to build a fiber-optic network across the seabed. Scheduled to be commissioned in early 1995, it will run 1,100 miles from the British Virgin Islands in the north to Trinidad in the south. The cost will be about $60 million. It will be the largest system in the world that employs no "repeaters," units that sit on the ocean bottom and amplify the signal every so often. If ones goes bad, you've got to raise the whole cable and fix it.
    The cable will have capacity for at least 30,000 simultaneous phone calls, or the equivalent in data, video, you name it. Many islands in the region are trying to upgrade their telecom systems to attract service jobs. Notice that the clerk answering that toll-free vacation reservations number has a Jamaican accent? It might be because your call has rung straight through to Jamaica.
    One other reason to go with undersea fiber in this region: Hurricanes tend to take out earth stations every few years. --- WinQwk 2.0b

@_date: 1994-02-01 16:50:47
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Archiving on inet 
Wow, this usenet copyright issue has touched off a pretty heated debate.  Let me just make a few points:
In most usenet areas, there are no limitations on who may receive the
group.  By posting to such an area, you imply that you intend your post
to be received by an unrestricted audience.  This, of course, includes
the possibility that some readers of the newsfeed will be reading it in
a time-delayed manner, such as a dialup newsfeed over slip, uucp, or
other protocol.  A CD-ROM is just another form of delayed newsfeed.
There are many areas availiable where restrictions are placed upon who
may receive the feed.  Many mailing lists, such as extropians, have this
policy.  Anyone receiving that list agrees that they will not
redistribute the messages, and that includes selling CD-ROMs.  If you
have something which you would like to limit the distribution of, there
are many forums availiable where the readers consent that they will
abide by such a policy.  The general readers of usenet have not
consented to any such agreement.
What offends me is that some hypocritical people would send a message to
an area that they know is public domain, and then complain that they
didn't want their message distributed.  When you post, you should decide
weather or not you want it public domain.  But don't complain if you
change your mind after the fact.
I reccomend that everyone who is concerned about the distribution of
some document that you wrote, (ie research paper, commentary, etc) post
a message in a public forum giving a brief overview, and then state that
it is copyrighted, and that anyone who agrees to respect your terms of
non-distribution should send you email and that you will send them a
copy.  This also allows you to place an expiration time limit on it, so
that someone won't find it reading outdated usenet news.
To continue Lefty's cable TV analogy:  A cable TV company can charge you
a fee for assisting you in receiving a publicly availiable signal. However, they do not have copyright on that signal - they can't stop you
from buying your own antenna, nor can they stop a competing cable
company (if the municipality allows it).  The cable company is selling
you their assistance in receiving a publicly availiable signal.  They do
not own that signal or the copyright to it.  They are merely a common
carrier of the communication.  In the same way, internet service
companies like netcom are merely providing a service which aids you in
receiving a publicly availiable signal.  Selling the netnews feed either
on a CD-ROM is no different.  They are not selling the posts - they are
selling their communications services which allow you to receive it. They have no copyright on the posts.  They are NOT SELLING COPYRIGHTED
MATERIAL - they are SELLING A COMMUNICATIONS SERVICE.
If a TV station was to take the broadcast of a competing station, add
their own commercials etc, and rebroadcasts it, then we have copyright
infringement.  They are taking someone else's material and using it for
their own benefit - here we have copyright infringement.  The cable
company does not do this - they are simply distributing the signal
unaltered, commercial advertisements and all.  In the same way, if
someone is selling complete, unaltered archives of usenet, it is a
communication service.  If they're taking posts, modifying for their own
purposes, and selling at a profit, we have the possibility of copyright
infringement.  I hope you all understand the difference.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Received: by toad.com id AA18908; Fri, 4 Feb 94 07:25:05 PST

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:41
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: interagency_workgroup.notice 
Feb. 4, 1994
WORKING GROUP ON DATA SECURITY
The Administration has created a new interagency working on data security to deal with issues like encryption and digital telephony. This group will be chaired by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and the National Security Council and will include representatives of the agencies that have participated in Presidential Review Directive 27, which called for a comprehensive review of the impact of encryption technology and advanced digital telecomrnunications systems. Agencies participating in the new working group include the Office of Management and Budget, FBI, Department of Justice, Department of Comrnerce, National Security Agency, the Department of Treasury, and the Department of State. The group will work closely with the Inforrnation Comrnittee of the Information Infrastructure Task Force, which is responsible for coordinating Administration telecommunications and inforrnation policy. It will seek input from the private sector both informally and through groups like the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee and the U.S. Advisory Committee on the National Information The working group will develop and irnplement Administration policies on encryption. Advanced encryption technology can provide better privacy protection for individuals, but can also thwart efforts by law enforcement agencies to use wiretaps to catch and prosecute criminals. The working group will attempt to reconcile the need of privacy and the needs of law enforcement. Last April, the Administration announced development of the Clipper chip, a new computer chip designed to provide better telecomrnunications security without compromising the ability of law enforcement to do wiretaps. The working group will work with industry to develop and apply technologies like the Clipper Chip, to evaluate possible alternatives to the Clipper Chip, and to review and refine Administration policies regarding encryption as developments In addition, the working group will coordinate Administration policies regarding digital telephony. As more and more telephone companies install high-speed, digital communications links, it becomes more and more difficult for law enforcement agencies to conduct wiretaps. The working group will work with industry to ensure that new digital telecommunications systems are designed in a way that ensures that do not prevent courtauthorized wiretaps.
For more information on the interagency working group, contact Matt Heymann at NIST Public Affairs (301/975-2758), Mike Nelson at OSTP (202/395-6175), or Ray Mislock at NSC (202/395-4614).

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:42
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: reno_key_escrow.statement 
Department of Justice
EMBARGOED FOR 3 P.M. RELEASE                                   AG FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1994                           (202) 616-2771
ATTORNEY GENERAL MAKES KEY ESCROW ENCRYPTION ANNOUNCEMENTS
Attorney General Janet Reno today announced selection of the two U.S. Government entities that will hold the escrowed key components for encryption using the key escrow encryption method. At the same time, the Attorney General made public procedures under which encryption key components will be released to government agencies for decrypting communications subject to lawful wiretaps.
Key Escrow Encryption (formerly referred to as Clipper Chip ) strikes an excellent balance between protection of communications privacy and protection of society. It permits the use in commercial telecommunications products of chips that provide extremely strong encryption, but can be decrypted, when necessary, by government agencies conducting legally authorized wiretaps. Decryption is accomplished by use of keys--80-bit binary numbers--
that are unique to each individual encryption chip. Each unique key is in turn split into two components, which must be recombined in order to decrypt communications. Knowing one component does not make decryption any more feasible than not knowing either one.
The two escrow agents are the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), a part of the Department of Commerce, and the Automated Systems Division of the Department of the Treasury. The two escrow agents were chosen because of their abilities to safeguard sensitive information, while at the same time being able to respond in a timely fashion when wiretaps encounter encrypted communications. In addition, NIST is responsible for establishing standards for protection of sensitive, unclassified information in Federal computer systems.
The escrow agents will act under strict procedures, which are being made public today, that will ensure the security of the key components and govern their release for use in conjunction with lawful wiretaps. They will be responsible for holding the key components: for each chip, one agent will hold one of the key components, and the second agent will hold the other. Neither will release a key component, except to a government agency with a requirement to obtain it in connection with a lawfully authorized wiretap. The system does not change the rules under which government agencies are authorized to conduct wiretaps.
When an authorized government agency encounters suspected key-
escrow encryption, a written request will have to be submitted to the two escrow agents. The request will, among other things, have to identify the responsible agency and the individuals involved; certify that the agency is involved in a lawfully authorized wiretap; specify the wiretap's source of authorization and its duration; and specify the serial number of the key-escrow encryption chip being used. In every case, an attorney involved in the investigation will have to provide the escrow agents assurance that a validly authorized wiretap is being conducted.
Upon receipt of a proper request, the escrow agents will transmit their respective key components to the appropriate agency. The components will be combined within a decrypt device, which only then will be able to decrypt communications protected by key-
escrow encryption. When the wiretap authorization ends, the device s ability to decrypt communications using that particular chip will also be ended.
The Department of Justice will, at the various stages of the process, take steps to monitor compliance with the procedures.

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:39
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: doj_escrow_intercept.procedures 
U.S. Department of Justice
Washington, D.C. 20530
February 4, 1994
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS         IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO TITLE III
The following are the procedures for the release of escrowed key components in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures cover all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to Title III of the Omnibus crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended (Title III), Title 18, United States Code, Section 2510 et seq.
interception of wire and/or electronic communications.
shall contain provisions authorizing after-the-fact minimization, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2518(5), permitting the interception and retention of coded communications, including encrypted during the course of any lawfully authorized interception that communications encrypted with a key escrow encryption method are being utilized, they may obtain a certification from the investigative agency conducting the investigation, or the Attorney General of the United States or designee thereof. Such certification shall
authority conducting the interception and the person providing the certification; obtained to conduct electronic surveillance regarding these communications; interception has been authorized; of specification the source of the authorization;
authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption encryption chip providing such encryption; and
decryption device that will be used by the law enforcement agency or other authority for decryption of the intercepted certification to each of the designated key component escrow agents. If the certification has been provided by an investigative agency, as soon thereafter as practicable, an attorney associated with the United States Attorney's Office supervising the investigation shall provide each of the key component escrow agents with written confirmation of the certification.
investigative agency, each key component escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the requesting agency. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
copy of the certification of the requesting agency, as well as the subsequent confirmation of the United States Attorney's Office. In addition, the requesting agency shall retain a copy of the certification and provide copies to the following for retention in accordance with normal record keeping requirements:
investigation, and
surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and the requesting agency may not retain the key electronic surveillance in cases for which escrowed key components have been released;
escrow encryption chip are being used only by an investigative agency authorized to conduct electronic surveillance of communications encrypted with that chip; and electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications is States Courts pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 2519(2), the Assistant Attorney General for the Criminal Division shall, with respect to any order for authorized electronic surveillance for which escrowed encryption components were released and used for decryption, specifically note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.
U.S. Department of Justice
Washington, D.C. 20530
February 4, 1994
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
    IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO STATE STATUTES
Key component escrow agents may only release escrowed key components to law enforcement or prosecutorial authorities for use in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures apply to the release of key components to State and local law enforcement or prosecutorial authorities for use in conjunction with interceptions conducted pursuant to relevant State statutes authorizing electronic surveillance, and Title III of the Omnibus crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, as amended, Title 18, United States Code, Section 2510 et seq.
authority must be conducting an interception of wire and/or electronic communications pursuant to lawful authorization.
submitted to the key component escrow agents by the principal prosecuting attorney of the State, or of a political subdivision thereof, responsible for the lawfully authorized electronic political subdivision of such State shall submit with the request for escrowed key components a certification that shall
authority conducting the interception and the prosecuting attorney responsible therefor; interception has been obtained to conduct electronic surveillance regarding these communications; interception has been authorize;
of specification the source of the authorization;
authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption chip providing such encryption; and decryption device that will be used by the law enforcement agency or other authority for decryption of the intercepted prosecuting attorney of that State or political subdivision to each of the designated key component escrow agents.
prosecuting attorney of the State or political subdivision, each key component escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the intercepting State or local law enforcement agency or other authority. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
copy of the certification of the principal prosecuting attorney of the State or political subdivision. In addition, such prosecuting attorney shall provide a copy of the certification to the Department of Justice, for retention in accordance with normal record keeping requirements.
surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the intercepting law enforcement agency or other authority to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and the intercepting law enforcement agency or other authority may not retain the key inquiry to
electronic surveillance in cases for which escrowed key components have been released;
escrow encryption chip are being used only by an investigative agency authorized to conduct electronic surveillance of communications encrypted with that chip; and
electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the requesting agency to decrypt intercepted communications is States Courts pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 2519(2), the principal prosecuting attorney of a State or of a political subdivision of a State may, with respect to any order for authorized electronic surveillance for which escrowed encryption components were released and used for decryption, desire to note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.
U.S. Department of Justice
Washington D.C. 20530
February 4, 1994
AUTHORIZATION PROCEDURES FOR RELEASE OF ENCRYPTION KEY COMPONENTS
         IN CONJUNCTION WITH INTERCEPTS PURSUANT TO FISA
The following are the procedures for the release of escrowed key components in conjunction with lawfully authorized interception of communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method. These procedures cover all electronic surveillance conducted pursuant to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA), Pub. L. 95-511, which appears at Title 50, U.S. Code, Section 1801 et interception of wire and/or electronic communications.
course of any lawfully authorized interception that communications encrypted with a key-escrow encryption method are being utilized, they may obtain a certification from an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception, or from the Attorney General of the United States or designee thereof. Such certification shall
the interception and the person providing the certification;
interception has been authorized;
of specification the source of the authorization;
authorization are being encrypted with a key-escrow encryption encryption chip providing such encryption; and
decryption device that will be used by the agency participating in the conduct of the interception for decryption of the intercepted designated key component escrow agents. If the certification has been provided by an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception, a copy shall be provided to the Department of Justice, Office of Intelligence Policy and Review. As soon as possible, an attorney associated with that office shall provide each of the key component escrow agents with written confirmation of the certification.
escrow agent shall release the necessary key component to the agency participating in the conduct of the interception. The key components shall be provided in a manner that assures they cannot be used other than in conjunction with the lawfully authorized electronic surveillance for which they were requested.
copy of the certification, as well as the subsequent written confirmation of the Department of Justice, Office of Intelligence Policy and Review.
surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the agency participating in the conduct of the interception to decrypt intercepted communications shall terminate, and such agency may not retain the key components.
electronic surveillance in cases for which escrowed key components have been released;
escrow encryption chip are being used only by an agency authorized to participate in the conduct of the interception of communications encrypted with that chip; and electronic surveillance phase of the investigation, the ability of the agency participating in the conduct of the interception to decrypt intercepted communications is terminated.
Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, pursuant to Section 108 of FISA, shall, with respect to any order for authorized electronic surveillance for which escrowed encryption components were released and used for decryption, specifically note that fact.
These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create, any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence lawfully acquired.

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:41
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: harris.statement 
United States Department of State
Washington, D.C. 20520
EMBARGOED FOR RELEASE, 3:00 PM EST, FEB. 4, 1994
Statement of
Dr. Martha Harris
Deputy Assistant Secretary of State
for Political-Military Affairs
February 4, 1994
Encryption -- Export Control Reform
The Secretary of State is announcing today measures arising from the Administration's decision to reform export control procedures applicable to products incorporating encryption technology. These reforms are part of the Administration's effort to eliminate unnecessary controls and ensure efficient implementation. The reforms will simplify encryption product export licensing and speed the review of encryption product exports, thus helping U.S. manufacturers to compete more effectively in the global market. While there will be no changes in the types of equipment controlled by the Munitions List, we are announcing measures to expedite licensing.
Last year the President announced an initiative to encourage U.S. manufacturers and users of encryption to take advantage of a government technology (the key-escrow chip) that provides excellent security while ensuring that the Government has a means to decode the encryption when lawfully authorized, such as when executing a court-authorized warrant in connection with a criminal investigation. At the time he announced this initiative, the President directed a comprehensive review of U.S. policy regarding domestic use and export of encryption technology. The reforms we are announcing today result from that review.
The President has determined that vital U.S. national security and law enforcement interests compel maintaining appropriate control of encryption. Still, there is much that can be done to reform existing controls to ensure that they are efficiently implemented and to maintain U.S. leadership in the world market for encryption technology. Accordingly, the President has asked the Secretary of State to take immediate action to implement a number of procedural reforms. The reforms are:
* License Reform: Under new licensing arrangements, encryption manufacturers will be able to ship their products from the United States directly to customers within approved regions without obtaining individual licenses for each end user. This will improve the ability of our manufacturers to provide expedited delivery of products, and to reduce shipping and tracking costs. It should also reduce the number of individual license requests, especially for small businesses that cannot afford international * Rapid review of export license applications: A significant number of encryption export license applications can be reviewed more quickly. For such exports, we have set a license turnaround goal of two working days.
* Personal use exemption: We will no longer require that U.S. citizens obtain an export license prior to taking encryption products out of the U.S. temporarily for their own personal use. In the past, this requirement caused delays and inconvenience for business travellers.
* Allow exports of key-escrow encryption: After initial review, key-escrow encryption products may now be exported to most end users. Additionally, key-escrow products will qualify for special licensing arrangements.
These reforms should have the effect of minimizing the impact of export controls on U.S. industry. The Department of State will take all appropriate actions to ensure that these reforms are implemented as quickly as possible. The Secretary of State asks that encryption product manufacturers evaluate the impact of these reforms over the next year and provide feedback both on how the reforms have worked out and on recommendations for additional procedural reforms.
The contact point for further information on these reforms is Rose Biancaniello, Office of Defense Trade Controls, Bureau of Political-Military Affairs, Department of State, (703) 875-6644.

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:38
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: clipper_q-and-a.txt 
Embargoed until 3:00 p.m. EST Feb. 4, 1994
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE
CLINTON ADMINISTRATION'S ENCRYPTION POLICY
Q. 	What were the findings of the encryption technology review?
A. 	The review confirmed that sound encryption technology is needed to help ensure that digital information in both computer and telecommunications systems is protected against unauthorized disclosure or tampering. It also verified the importance of preserving the ability of law enforcement to understand encrypted communications when conducting authorized wiretaps. Key escrow technology meets these objectives.
Specific decisions were made to enable federal agencies and the private sector to use the key escrow technology on a voluntary basis and to allow the export of key escrow encryption products.
In addition, the Department of State will streamline export licensing procedures for products that can be exported under current regulations in order to help U.S. companies to sell their products abroad.
To meet the critical need for ways to verify the author and sender of an electronic message -- something that is crucial to business applications for the National Information Infrastructure -- the federal government is committed to ensuring the availability of a royalty-free, public-domain Digital Signature Standard.
Finally, an interagency working group has been established to continue to address these issues and to maintain a dialogue with industry and public interest groups.
Q. 	 Who has been consulted during this review? The Congress? Industry? What mechanism is there for continuing consultation?
A.	 Following the President's directive announced on April 16, 1993, extensive discussions have been held with Congress, industry, and privacy rights groups on encryption issues. Formal public comment was solicited on the Escrowed Encryption Standard and on a wide variety of issues related to the review through the Computer System Security and Privacy Advisory Board.
The White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and the National Security Council will chair the interagency working group. The group will seek input from the private sector both informally and through several existing advisory committees. It also will work closely with the Information Policy Committee of the Information Infrastructure Task Force, which is responsible for coordinating Administration telecommunications and information Q. 	If national security and law enforcement interests require continued export controls of encryption, what specific benefits can U.S. encryption manufacturers expect?
A.	The reforms will simplify encryption product export licensing and speed the review of encryption product exports. Among other benefits, manufacturers should see expedited delivery of products, reduced shipping and reporting costs, and fewer individual license requests -- especially for small businesses that cannot afford international distributors. A personal exemption for business travellers using encryption products will eliminate delays and inconvenience when they want to take encryption products out of the U.S. temporarily.
Q.	Why is the key escrow standard being adopted?
A.	The key escrow mechanism will provide Americans and government agencies with encryption products that are more secure, more convenient, and less expensive than others readily available today -- while at the same time meeting the legitimate needs of law enforcement.
Q. 	Will the standard be mandatory?
A. 	No. The Administration has repeatedly stressed that the key escrow technology, and this standard, is for voluntary use by federal and other government agencies and by the private sector. The standard that is being issued only applies to federal agencies

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:44
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: wh_press_secy.statement 
THE WHITE HOUSE                                 CONTACT: 202 156-7035
OFFlCE OF THE PRESS SECRETARY
EMBARGOED UNTIL 3 PM (EST) FRIDAY, February 4, 1994
STATEMENT OF THE PRESS SECRETARY
Last April, the Administration announced a comprehensive interagency review of encryption technology, to be overseen by the National Security Council. Today, the Administration is taking a number of steps to implement the recommendations resulting from that review.
Advanced encryption technology offers individuals and businesses an inexpensive and easy way to encode data and telephone conversations. Unfortunately, the same encryption technology that can help Americans protect business secrets and personal privacy can also be used by terrorists, drug dealers, and other criminals.
In the past, Federal policies on encryption have reflected primarily the needs of law enforcement and national security. The Clinton Administration has sought to balance these needs with the needs of businesses and individuals for security and privacy. That is why, today the National Institute of Standards ant Technology (NIST) is committing to ensure a royalty-free, public-domain Digital Signature Standard. Over many years, NIST has been developing digital signature technology that would provide a way to verify the author and sender of an electronic message. Such technology will be critical for a wide range of business applications for the National Information Infrastructure. A digital signature standard will enable individuals to transact business electronically rather than having to exchange signed paper contracts. The Administration has determined that such technology should not be subject to private royalty payments, and it will be taking steps to ensure that royalties are not required for use of a digital signature. Had digital signatures been in widespread use, the recent security problems with the Intemet would have been avoided.
Last April, the Administration released the Key Escrow chip (also known as the "Clipper Chip") that would provide Americans with secure telecommunications without compromising the ability of law enforcement agencies to carry out legally authorized wiretaps. Today, the Department of Commerce and the Department of Justice are taking steps to enable the use of such technology both in the U.S. and overseas. At the same time, the Administration is announcing its intent to work with industry to develop other key escrow products that might better meet the needs of individuals and industry, particularly the American computer and telecommunications industry. Specific steps being announced today include:
-  Approval by the Commerce Secretary of the Escrowed Encryption        Standard (EES) as a voluntary Federal Informahon Processing       Standard, which will enable govemment gencies to purchase the     Key Escrow chip for use with telephones nd modems. The    department's National Institute of Standards and Technology      (NIST) will publish the standard.
-  Publication by the Department of Justice of procedurs for the        release of escrowed keys and the announcement of NIST and the    Automated Services Division of the Treasury Department as the    escrow agents that will store the keys needed for decryption of    communications using the Key Escrow chip. Nothing in these    procedures will diminish tne existing legal and procedural    requirements that protect Americans from unauthorized wiretaps.
-  New procedures to allow export of products containing the Key    Escrow chip to most countries.
In addition, the Department of State will streamline export licensing procedures for encryption products that can be exported under current export regulations in order to help American companies sell their products overseas. In the past, it could take weeks for a company to obtain an export license for encryption products, and each shipment might require a separate license. The new procedures announced today will substantially reduce administrative delays and paperwork for encryption exports.
To implement the Administration's encryption policy, an interagency Working Group on Encryption and Telecommunications has been established. It will be chaired by the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and the National Security Council and will include representatives of the Departments of Commerce, Justice, State, and Treasury as well as the FBI, the National Security Agency, the Office of Management and Budget, and the National Economic Council. This group will work with industry and public-interest groups to develop new encryption technologies and to review and refine Administration policies regarding encryption, as needed.
The Administration is expanding its efforts to work with industry to improve on the Key Escrow chip, to develop key-escrow software, and to examine alternatives to the Key Escrow chip. NIST will lead these efforts and will request additional staff and resources for this We understand that many in industry would like to see all encryption products exportable. However, if encryption technology is made freely available worldwide, it would no doubt be usod extensively by terrorists, drug dealers, and other criminals to harm Americans both in the U.S. and abroad. For this reason, the Administration will continue to restrict export of the most sophisticated encryption devices, both to preserve our own foreign intelligence gathering capability and because of the concerns of our allies who fear that strong encryption technology would inhibit their law enforcement capabilities.
At the same time, the Administration understands the benefits that encryption and related technologies can provide to users of computers and telecommunications networks. Indeed, many of the applications of the evolving National Information Infrastructure will require some form of encryption. That is why the Administration plans to work more closely with the private sector to develop new forms of encryption that can protect privacy and corporate secrets without undermining the ability of law-enforcement agencies to conduct legally authorized wiretaps. That is also why the Administration is committed to make available free of charge a Digital Signature Standard.
The Administration believes that the steps being announced today will help provide Americans with the telecommunications security they need without compromising the capability of law enforcement agencies and national intelligence agencies. Today, any American can purchase and use any type of encryption product. The Administration does not intend to change that policy. Nor do we have any intention of restrictiog domestic encryption or mandating the use of a particular technology.

@_date: 1994-02-04 17:47:40
@_author: Dan Brown 
@_subject: gore_crypto.statement 
THE WHITE HOUSE
OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENT
EMBARGOED UNTIL, 3: 00 PM EST             CONTACT: 202/456-7035 February 4, 1994
STATEMENT OF THE VICE PRESIDENT
Today's announcements on encryption represent important steps in the implementation of the Administration's policy on this critical issue. Our policy is designed to provide better encryption to individuals and businesses while ensuring that the needs of law enforcement and national security are met.
Encryption is a law and order issue since it can be used by criminals to thwart wiretaps and avoid detection and prosecution. It also has huge strategic value. Encryption technology and cryptoanalysis turned the tide in the Pacific and elsewhere during World War II.
[end of statement]

@_date: 1994-02-08 14:32:01
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: What's a "real encryptor"? 
Xenon, you could make your point a lot clearer if you wouldn't detweil
so much in your posts.  But let me propose a technique that I think
would be what you meant to define as a "real encryptor".
Take a file and encrypt it by taking the first block of data and using
it as a key to encrypt the rest of the file.  Than take the beginning of
the file and encrypt it with RSA.  Therefore, since you need to know the
first block of plaintext to decode the rest of the file, you could only
decode the file if you first decoded the RSA block.  Perhaps some random
padding could also be added, and a random session key inside the RSA. The file would have no identifying markers to show what key it was
encrypted with, or what key was needed to decrypt it.  Is this what you
wanted?  I think I could hack that...
And a little flame: Before you put down our software, try writing some
of your own.

@_date: 1994-02-09 07:17:21
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: I support HR 3627 
February 9, 1994
Dear Rep. Cantwell,
I support HR 3627, because I strongly believe in every American's right to privacy. In our burgeoning global markets, American businesses must rely on secure communications to prevent industrial espionage. If the Clinton Administration succeeds in dictating that only the "Clipper Chip" can be exported, it will effectively strangle any other means of secure communications. In a competitive global market for technology and communications, I think it is crucial that American businesses retain the right to produce the products and security solutions that their customers want, free of the restrictions and demands of government controls and Rep. Cantwell, this is not an arcane technical issue of export control. The freedom of Americans to be secure in their communications from unwarranted government intrusion is essential to our liberty. I think this is one of the few issues that both Republicans and Democrats agree upon, so I hope you will be able to generate bi-partisan support for your bill. Sincerely, M. Scott Braden
1242 Briarcove
Richardson TX 75081

@_date: 1994-02-11 20:50:40
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Strategies for getting encryption in widespread use QUICKLY 
Hmm...  Well, having a program that will auto install segments only if
they are signed by trusted public keys is a good one...  but then again,
most of the non-techies just want to have a program that works and that
they're happy with.  Many people would rather just keep a stable,
working, but older version instead of going to the trouble of trying to
always have the latest.  But perhaps we could have a system such that
only authenticated program upgrades could be installed, to combat
against trojan horses, virii, bombs, etc.
I would be wary of an auto-update system because of possible bugs in the
software.  Even if you only allowed updates from completely trusted
public keys, even the best of us make mistakes and screw something up...
 but public-key protection against viruses and trojan horses would be a
good thing.
Perhaps we just need something that would make using encryption easier. Tell me what you all think of this as a project for cypherpunks:
Does anyone want to develop an encrypted term program?  On-the-fly
encryption over a modem.  This would allow everyone to encrypt very
easily.  It could support plug-in modules (with signatures) to support
automatic pgp signing/verification, additional cipher modules (ie DES,
IDEA, MPJ2).  When logging on to you favorite BBS, instead of typing
your password in, you enter your account, and then set your encryption
on your terminal to your password, and if it's right, then you can
decode the transmission and you are logged on.  That way nobody could
steal your password (or anything else) by tapping your transmission.
Encrypting two way modem transmissions would be a problem, but it could
probably be solved by packaging the data into manageable packets with an
error-correction protocol and then encrypting those.  Error-correction
would be vital, as line noise can wreak havok on encrypted data. (Although you could reduce the impact of the errors by weakening the
cipher somewhat.)  I do have several ideas as to how to do this...
What do you think?  Anyone want to take this on as a project?
If I'm going to do it, it would be for MS-DOS systems, tho if there's
enuff interest, it might be possible to develop multi-platform support
Let me know...

@_date: 1994-02-11 22:04:37
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Forbidden math?! 
Xenon (or someone using his remailer) says:
It's a joke, but the scary thing is that it might not be funny much longer.

@_date: 1994-02-14 15:41:31
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
Period 5 noble gas element Z=54 sez:
Except, PGP was not developed behind closed doors, anyone can download
PGP23srcA.ZIP and read the full specs on the encryption system used, and
you don't have to register your key with Phil Zimmerman.
So?  So what if Microsoft has a crypto division...  Maybe it will
encourage more people to use crypto. (I wouldn't place much trust in
Microsoft software tho, judging from some of their past foulups.)  Sony
Encryptorman might be a bit better (if it exists) since they're not in
the US.

@_date: 1994-02-17 10:00:43
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: The L. D. persona... 
Yeah, it's him.  A couple years ago he was a nice guy.  For some reason
he got upset with a few people on cypherpunks (to this day I don't know
why), and ever since then he has been posting and sending them flames,
mailbombs, and harassing them in other ways.  Detweiler is a smart guy
with some sort of strange psycological problems.  Maybe he is on drugs
or something.  I don't know.  The things he does just don't make any

@_date: 1994-02-20 18:42:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: New Remailer up! 
Must be just you.  I only sent one, and I only got one copy back from the list.

@_date: 1994-02-23 17:43:17
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: 
Anonymous says:
Well, considering that CERT is headquartered here at Carnegie Mellon
University, and the fact that cypherpunks is gated to a local group at
this site, it wouldn't be unreasonable to assume that they could be
reading this...
As I understand it, CERT is a private orginization funded by the
government (DoD I think, but not sure).  I'll ask on one of the local
message areas here and see what info I can dig up...

@_date: 1994-02-27 00:21:52
@_author: from scratch 
@_subject: Re: I have FOIA'd the Clipper Key Escrow databases 
`For Official Use Only' is not a valid classification.  A document
with this marking cannot be withheld under FOIA exemption 1.  You have
to read the Executive Orders on classification -- this category got
cleaned up a LONG time ago.
The current Executive Order gives particular criteria for classifying
things.  If this database doesn't fit any of those criteria, it can't
legally be classified.  I don't believe that this database is covered.
And a judge in a FOIA case can do a "de novo" (from scratch) review of
whether the material is legally classified, by examining it himself in
private -- we don't have to take the agency's word that "there really
is some reason it is classified".
Also, giving classified information to unauthorized people is a major
offense.  They threatened me with that offense one time, over texts
that I found in a library.  If the keys in the database are
classified, they can't give them out to cops.  FOIA requires that they
"segregate" any classified part and give me the rest of what's there,
so if they claim that "well, one key isn't classified, but ten or a
thousand of them are classified", I bet we can (1) get some keys out,
(2) challenge this idea in court.  In particular, it should be
possible to record the LEAF from a particular chip (whether you own
it, or not!) and send it to them in a FOIA request asking for the
matching unit key.  They clearly can map a LEAF to a key (they do it
for cops), and FOIA only requires that you "reasonably describe" the
records you want.  Given their mapping capability, the LEAF is a
reasonable description of the record you want.
Either I can get the key, or I can get them to decrypt it for me.  If
they could hold arbitrary government records in secret by simply
encrypting them and classifying the keys, FOIA would be entirely
thwarted; the courts wouldn't let them get away with it.
By the way, I did request the keys:

@_date: 1994-02-27 13:30:56
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: anonymous mail 
Quite true!  However, as I pointed out, I tried very hard to eliminate
all such possibilities that would allow simplifying the key search
process.  It's also very easy to modify the program to support a larger
key and additional encryption rounds.

@_date: 1994-02-28 11:37:28
@_author: Anthony D Ortenzi 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning 
Well, since everyone seems to be talking about Dorothy Denning, I just
thought I'd throw a few things out for discussion.  Number 1, if someone
is an encryption expert (as has been truly/falsely(?) claimed on this
list), then why would they endorse anyone but the recipient being able
to decode the message?  Wouldn't the true belief in privacy be what
would lead one to learn about such things?  Or is it just a toy, as is
Number 2.  People on this list have said that she's an expert in
cryptography. When I read that damned Newsday article posted on
cypherpunks, I thought that she was just a whiny college bitch. The
argument was just very, well, flimsy is the word I guess.  I believe
that Clipper is wrong, but someone could at least write a paper that
would influence more by pointing out its merits, rather than just saying
that the government should start spying on all of us to stop drug
Anyone know:
A) Is she an expert in cryptography?
B) Is she a college graduate?
C) Was she dropped on her head a lot as a baby?
D) Has she considered the alternatives that suicide offers?
Just kind of annoyed at this whole Big Brother thing, probably because
I'm reading 1984 right now... really a good idea if you haven't yet, and
if you read it, they're is no way you'll possibly think that Clipper is
a good idea...
Also, I've gotten a message through to Ross Perot about our fight
against Clipper, and how to reach me, so if I get a response, I'll let
you guys know.
                                        Anthony

@_date: 1994-02-28 12:25:20
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: DES Question 
When using DES to encrypt email addresses, the total amount of data to
be encrypted would be only 3 or 4 eight-byte DES blocks.  My question
is: Would CBC or CFB really be effective for such a small amount of
data?  Or would it be better to encrypt multiple times with
transpositions in between (ie '4x3' DES as was described earlier in
Second question: The DES code that I have (not written by me) has a
comment section which describes filling all 16 subkeys seperately,
thereby allowing a 128 byte key.  Is there any significant advantage to
doing this?  Is there any reason that I should not do it?
What is the purpose of the initial and final permutations?

@_date: 1994-02-28 13:19:52
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Dorothy Denning 
Not to mention that she obviously doesn't keep up with current events. The part about the world trade center made me laugh.  Here it is again
for those of you who missed it:
  Opponents say that terrorists will not be so foolish as to use
  encryption to which the government holds the key but will scramble
  their calls with their own code systems.  But then who would have
  thought that the World Trade Center bombers would have been stupid
  enough to return a truck that they had rented?
Maybe it was just a bad miswording, but it certainly doesn't strengthen
the argument as a whole, and doesn't give me much confidence in her
proofreading ability.
(They didn't return the truck, they put a bomb in the truck, it got
destroyed, then the idiot tried to claim that the truck had been stolen,
and demanded his deposit back.)
Dorothy Denning may have a college education, but she is a bit lacking
in social awareness.  She is just a pawn that the NSA is using as a
spokesperson so that they don't have to take the heat from the debate
over clipper.

@_date: 1994-02-28 14:44:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: DES Question 
Yup. :)
Seven years is a virtual eternity in cyberspace.
Okay...  It would prevent brute-force attacks though, wouldn't it?  It
may not prevent differential cryptanalysis, but it would be difficult to
obtain the large amount of data required for differential cryptanalysis
from just a few encrypted email addresses.  Random numbers aren't really
a problem; I have a RNG running here, continuously generating random
numbers from system usage statistics and incoming email.
P.S. What's KA9Q?

@_date: 1994-03-03 10:09:43
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Need info on Encyption book 
Haha... sounds more like "How to encrypt messages so that prying eyes
can read them too."
Character substitution?  You'll need to do a lot better than that to
beat cryptanalysis.  A simple character substitution array wouldn't fool
most people on this list if they took a serious crack at it.

@_date: 1994-03-06 10:48:27
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Stealth PGP 
There are actually several clever ways that you can get around the
problem with the RSA encrypted data being less than the modulus.  The
simplest is to encrypt it more than once.
Suppose you have a modulus m of legnth n.  You then create a block of
data to encrypt, b, of legnth n. If b is less than m, encrypt it with
RSA.  If not, don't encrypt it.  Then take 2^n-b-1 (which, btw, is the
same as xoring b with all one-bits).  If that result is less than m,
encrypt it with RSA.  Since m is greater than half of 2^n (it must be,
otherwise it would be less than legnth n), all possible plaintexts will
be encrypted at least once with RSA, some twice.  This does leave a
somewhat uneven distribution of values when comparing plaintext and
ciphertext (which can be minimized by more encryptions), but that only
shows up when and if the message is decrypted; as long as you use random
padding properly before encrypting, the encrypted data will look
completely random.
My ideal "Stealth-PGP" would work something like this: Take a file,
encrypt it with a random session key, prepend the session key to the
file, encrypt the first n bytes (which include the session key and part
of the encrypted data) with RSA if it's less than m, XOR it (reverse all
bits), and then encrypt with RSA if that's less than m.
Actually, putting the data inside the RSA might not be a good idea, it
would not work well for small files unless you added a legnth byte. Maybe the RSA part could just be filled with random padding...

@_date: 1994-03-11 11:09:14
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Improvement of remailer security 
No, it was done using port 25.
However, it would be a good idea to block whitehouse.gov for any of you
who run remailers.
Appearantly, this wasn't the first time it's happened, but it is the
highest profile case.  According to several people here, someone at CMU
pulled a similar stunt last year.  He didn't get arrested, but the SS
had a nice long chat with him.  Appearantly the SS investigates dozens
of such prank mails every year...

@_date: 1994-03-13 12:03:46
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Cypher????? 
% telnet chem.ucsd.edu
Trying 132.239.68.1...
Connected to chem.ucsd.edu.
Escape character is '^]'.
Accel UNIX (chem.ucsd.edu)
login: webster
Last login: Sun Mar 13 11:38:36 from 146.122.132.195
Word: cypher
cy-pher chiefly Brit var of
Word: cipher
1ci-pher \'suE-fer\ n, often attrib
[ME, fr. MF cifre, fr. ML cifra, fr. Ar s.ifr empty, cipher, zero]
1a: ZERO 1a
1b: one that has no weight, worth, or influence: NONENTITY
2a: a method of transforming a text in order to conceal its meaning -- compare
     CODE 3b
2b: a message in code
3: ARABIC NUMERAL
4: a combination of symbolic letters; esp: the interwoven initials of
     a name
2cipher vb  ci-phered; ci-pher-ing \-f(e-)ri{nj}\ vi
:to use figures in a mathematical process
~ vt
1: ENCIPHER
2: to compute arithmetically
Word: Connection closed by foreign host.

@_date: 1994-03-15 20:40:13
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Future Remailers 
hehe...  I did something similiar about two years ago with my friend who
lived across the street...  We took wires, laid them down on the street,
and poured roofing tar over it, then let it dry overnight.  Over the
next few days, heating from the sun and cars driving over it compressed
it to a barely perceptable bump.  The rest of the connection was buried
in plastic pipe under the lawn.  We hooked up a serial line connection. It worked well for several months...  tho a few minor repair jobs were
needed.  The connection met its fate when the street crew came thru and
tore up and repaved the entire street.  We never re-laid the line.  (The
old street was in pretty bad condition, so our "patch" wasn't very
noticable... however it would have been fairly obvious on a newly paved
street.)  Neat trick tho.
I wish it was easier to do things like that...  Has anyone made any
progress with networking over unliscensed radio spectrum?

@_date: 1994-03-17 17:08:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Errata: Digital Telephony hearing, DC, March 18 1994 
Third time's a charm, I guess.
(At least you got the month right on the second try. :)

@_date: 1994-03-24 22:41:33
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Digital Cash 
This is not new.  It's been used for years by software companies in
copy-protection schemes.  Ask anyone who's ever "cracked" software. Copy-protection systems rely on the fact that someone can not easily
find and remove the algorythm which impedes duplication.  There are
three common ways of preventing this.  First, the code is encrypted in
layers and modules.  Each module decrypts the next layer and rescrambles
or erases the last.  This prevents the attacker from getting an overall
view of the program, as it is never all accessable at once, but it can
be viewed in peices as it executes.  Secondly, several layers of
interpreted code can be used.  Each layer interprets the next.  In this
way, no assembly language code ever exists in plaintext (except the
first level interpreter).  Finally, the program checksums itself to
prevent tampering.  These methods can never provide foolproof
protection, but they can slow down attacks considerably.  Even the most
determined attacks can be delayed for weeks or months.  But if they want
it bad enough, they can probably reverse-engineer it - as has been said
before, crypto is all economics.
I've considered such possibilities for digital cash, but even if the
algorithm could not be derived from the cryptographically protected
software, it really doesn't solve the double-spending problem.  You can
just copy the entire module, along with all the money, and spend it
twice (on seperate victims, of course).
And all those layers of encryption can make it unbearably slow.

@_date: 1994-03-24 22:40:37
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Insecurity of DES? 
There's been a lot of talk about how "easy" it is to break DES.  As a
mental exercise I decided to see just how difficult it would be for me
if I really wanted to break a DES key.  There are 116 publicly
availiable unix workstations here on campus (DEC 3100s).  Between 12 am
and 8 am, there are rarely more than 50 users on the systems, including
remote users.  I could probably run processes on 50 of the unused
machines for a few hours every night without being too much of a
nuisance.  Assuming I could try a million DES decryption operations a
second on each (gross overestimation), how long would it take to brute
force a DES key?  Let's suppose for sake of argument that I could get
the machines all day:
2^56 keys / 50 cpus / 1,000,000 per second / 60 seconds / 60 minutes / 24 hours
= 16680 days = 45.7 years
Of course, specially-designed hardware would be much faster.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: 8.6.5/ NCAR Central Post Office 03/11/93 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA21133; Sun, 3 Apr 94 11:52:36 PDT
Received: from ncar.UCAR.EDU by toad.com id AA21122; Sun, 3 Apr 94 11:52:27 PDT
Received: from sage.cgd.ucar.EDU by ncar.ucar.EDU (8.6.5/ NCAR Central Post Office 03/11/93)
Received: from columbine.cgd.ucar.EDU by sage.cgd.ucar.EDU (8.6.4/ NCAR Mail Server 04/10/90)
Received: by columbine.cgd.ucar.EDU (4.1/ NCAR Mail Server 04/10/90)

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA24668; Mon, 11 Apr 94 12:32:16 PDT
Received: from cryptoad.ah.com by toad.com id AA24661; Mon, 11 Apr 94 12:32:09 PDT

@_date: 1994-04-11 11:02:41
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Prime Numbers 
Well, for the mathematically curious, here are a few other interesting
prime number theroms:
For any number n which is prime, (2^n)-1 is also prime (Mersenne's theorem).
For any number n (2^(2^n))+1 is prime. (I might have that wrong, I don't
remember exactly)
For any number n, if the square root of (n!)+1 is an integer, it is also
prime.  (This is interesting, but rather useless in practice)

@_date: 1994-04-19 20:11:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Sgt Russell 
And if he was posting via anon.penet.fi, we probably never would have
thought to ask. :)

@_date: 1994-04-20 09:52:01
@_author: Ethan D Schartman 
@_subject: Re: What the heck is this? Optical noise encryption? 
I don't know much about his "optical noise" encryption, but Scientific
American ran an article in the Amatuer Scientist column outlining an
encryption scheme involved much the same ideas.  Their scheme was to
find, and digitize a chaotic source as a carrier signal and then add the
information to the signal. Decryption involved subracting the source
signal from the encoded one.   Information encrypted this way would be
positively unbreakable by anyone without the chaotic source, as the
whole scheme is entirely random. The biggest problem is of course, transmitting the source in a secure
manner.  It is not enough to know the configuration of the generator of
the source, unless you also the _exact_ initial conditions (which are,
of course, impossible).
One solution to this problem might be to use a recursive equation to
generate a source from a small (one-hundred+ digit)  seed, and the
number of iterations necessary to reproduce the source.  The nice thing
about this is that the equation could also be customized, something like: x= (k)(x^2)+a,  where "a" and "k" are constants that may be
altered, thus providing two methods of encryption. This scheme would
also be a solution to the problem of the source being corrupted during
transmission (which would ruin any attempts to use it).  But the
equation and the seed would still have to be transmitted somehow.
Hmmm.... you could openly send the seed and  the encoded information,
and then call the reciever to tell them to convert a given sentence into
decimal equivalent...etc

@_date: 1994-04-20 15:31:35
@_author: Ethan D Schartman 
@_subject: Re: Random number troubles 
It doesn't, I hate it when the press finds some new _esoteric
mathamatical concept that you ORDINARY joes is just too dumb ta'
I especially hate it when the reporter demonstrates his own stupidity by
calling a conjecture like the butterfly effect an axiom >:{
I want to set fire to that butterfly and see what happens to New Yorks weather.
As for the PRNG I wonder if they did something like periodically rotate
the seeds...

@_date: 1994-04-26 19:15:44
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Reply to long post by TCMay 
This isn't a technical problem, but I think having some RSA alternatives
would put us in a better position politically.  What sort of systems are
availiable?  (For my own personal inquisitiveness, I have developed some
ideas for systems that might work, but I really can't be sure of their
You mean like DH?  Alternatives to DH?
Well, Karl Barrus has done a lot of work here, but let me restate my
call for more remailers - BTW: Why don't you set up a remailer on your
Netcom account, since you seem to like them so much?
We could do this...  You want to build a DC-Net for the remailers or something?
Yep, the old digicash problem...
We have lots of RNGs...What do you want to DO with them?
Well, we have message pools, but perhaps software to automatically scan
them and pick out messages for you would be helpful...
Your point about the Crypto Toolkit is well-taken, especially in light
of your comment about Mathematica.  We need some sort of universal
interface that everyone can use, that is easy to understand, and have it
be able to work with different mail packages and different systems. Maybe we need some kind of new interpreted (for universal portability)
data-manipulations language, so we can write crypto tools and everyone
could use them on every platform.  Or maybe we just need to write a
cypherpunks mail program, that could automatically handle PGP, anonymous
remailer chainings, and remailer reply protocols.  I know Ian Smith was
working on something like this...
One other potential project - on-the-fly file encryption/decryption for
multi-user unix systems would be a big plus for security (like secure
drive but not for the whole disk).  If a hacker got into you account,
all they'd have is a bunch of encrypted files.  We could set it up to
work with existing accounts so that after you enter your account, you
have to enter a second password to get to your files, preferably by
secure key-exchange protocols.  It's a shame I don't know enuf about
unix to hack it myself. :(

@_date: 1994-05-04 21:38:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Keyserver service outage 
Whoa...  why not???  PGP 2.4 output is identical to 2.3a!
Is PGP 2.5 somehow incompatible with 2.3a?
Besides, if you take a PGP 2.3 key and change the version number to 2.4,
the software can't tell the difference... Let's not play stupid games. Either it's compatible with 2.3 AND 2.4 or it isn't.
Anyway, PGP 2.5 is news to me... Does it have any new features?  Limitations?

@_date: 1994-05-05 18:46:06
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Marked_Money 
Only if the depositor marks them as such.  The depositor generates the
coin, and gives it to the bank to sign it.  The bank signs it in
exchange for another valid signed token.  The bank can't alter it in any
way, the bank can only sign it.

@_date: 1994-05-07 17:27:26
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Cypherpunks is gated to Usenet 
Well, I just found out that someone has gated the cypherpunks list to
Usenet.  Which means, if you send mail to the list, and include a
Newsgroups: header, the message will also be cross-posted to the
specified newsgroups.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:44:16
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
Sandy -
The system I saw on CNN actually tracked the bullets' paths through the air,
creating a trail back to the firing point.  The system wasn't described because, as the announcer claimed, the process hadn't been patented yet.

@_date: 1994-06-21 05:32:14
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: ADMIN: Test message 
This should only be goin to the list maintainers.
ugh Daniel

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA19692; Fri, 1 Jul 94 19:51:37 PDT

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA06562; Wed, 6 Jul 94 14:47:07 PDT

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: [140.174.185.100] 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA26481; Thu, 7 Jul 94 07:36:36 PDT
Received: from infinity.c2.org ([140.174.185.100]) by toad.com id AA26469; Thu, 7 Jul 94 07:36:16 PDT

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:45:37
@_author: non-transferable 
@_subject: No Subject 
Yes, I remember that now.  My interpretation, though, was that with the
bank's help you could tell when a coin had been re-used.  This could
impair the anonymity of the cash.  Generally in the analysis of these proto-
cols one wants anonymity even if the bank and the other participants
collude.  That is the whole point of cryptographic (non-transferable) cash,
after all; otherwise the bank could just use the "Poor Man's Cash" idea
which Tim May suggested here last year and just issue cash in the form
of magic numbers with no blinding or digital sigs.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:45:37
@_author: in effect 
@_subject: No Subject 
I read this paper some time ago.  Couldn't the cash still be detected as
having belonged to the original owner even after you have transferred it?
If so, then the other requirement is that you must transfer it anonymously,
otherwise they can still get back to you.
An example would be if you are doing something which the government doesn't
like, such as shipping tracts advocating egalitarianism to a country with
explicitly racist policies.  The government might be able to put pressure
on some members of the organization and use this (in effect) "marked money"
to find the others.  If you pass the money on to someone else, but they
know it came from you, and then the government comes to them, determines
that this is "dirty money" (which was given to the threatening egalitarians)
they can say "who did you get this from" and your jig is up.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:46:11
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
Speculation on sci.crypt some time ago was that, for at least some
relatively recent model nukes, the code supplied to the PAL contained
encrypted timing information needed for the bomb to ignite.  If you
bypass the PAL, you don't provide the timing info, and the bomb
fizzles because of an asymmetric implosion..
But then, "those who know aren't telling, and those who are telling
don't know.."

@_date: 1994-08-03 16:03:04
@_author: a 
@_subject: Digital Telephony bill, August 1 draft 
FYI.				-- John Gilmore
DRAFT - August 1, 1994
SECTION 1. INTERCEPTING DIGITAL AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS.
Title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding the following new chapter:
"CHAPTER 120 -- TELECOMMUNICATIONS CARRIER ASSISTANCE TO THE GOVERNMENT "Sec. 2601.  Assistance requirements.
"(a)  CAPABILITY REQUIREMENTS. -- Except as provided in subsections (b),
(c) and (d) of this section and subsection (c) of section 2606, a
telecommunications carrier shall ensure that its services or facilities
that provide a customer or subscriber with the ability to originate,
terminate or direct communications have the capability to --
(i) expeditiously isolate and enable the government to intercept, to the
exclusion of any other communications, all wire and electronic
communications carried by the carrier within a service area to or from
equipment, facilities or services of a subscriber of such carrier
concurrent with their transmission to or from the subscriber's service,
facility or equipment or at such later time as may be acceptable to the
(ii) expeditiously isolate and enable the government to access call
identifying information which is reasonably available to the carrier

@_date: 1994-08-18 00:13:14
@_author: quoting John 
@_subject: Re: Are \"they\" really the enemy? (Systems commentary) 
So what do we do?  It seems we've pretty much agreed that governments are beasts beyond anyone's control, but so is _society_.  So is the entire human population.  Where do we start?  If, or based on the words of many on this list, we tear down the government, will we understand the resultant human-made system any better?
("human-made" system:  is government some other kind? Is society made up of an entire population of beasts?)
System-makers typically expect automatic processes to determine the character of the whole, and the operations themselves become the purpose for which the system exists.  The humans who act within the system are reduced to accessories, becoming secondary in importance to the organizational requirements of maintaining & perpetuating the outcome  -  which by then becomes moot, as everyone's concentration is focused upon the details of the procedures.
When a system is designed to organize human behavior (as in "governing" it) it has the inherent mistake of being based on the presumption of complete knowledge of human nature (yet who agrees on what that comprises).  Anyone who is circumscribed by the system created is held within its confines, is judged by its borders and by its limits upon their decisions.  If someone wants to try out an idea or method which does not fall within the allowances set up within it, they must first go outside of the system to have the freedom to act according to the new idea.  They must take up the responsibility which would otherwise have been distributed and shared with others.  They also take outside of the system the effects which might have affected those within it.
No one is going to be agreeable to participating in a venture in which they do not have some confidence about the reward; in a ready-made system if someone has become dependent upon the security it provides, they are going to be even less willing to give up the comfort of pre-determined decisions and predictable outcomes.  Then there will be seen less of reason and more of unimaginative automaticity.
In a non-political system or manner of existence (not designed to rule over human nature per se), individuals have to rely upon their own abilities, upon the development of their own judgement, rather than upon the "governance" of their behavior by strangers.  This doesn't mean that there could be no systems in existence at all; there are still business enterprises which call upon the coordination of efforts towards a specific goal.  But this does not obligate that they take on the quality of a "perpetual picnic".  The more that individuals look at systems as relative to the accomplishment of particular, specific goals, the less they will look to them as the means to accomplish the re-shaping of mankind (i.e. the morality of the neighbors).  Such systems actually could accomplish a "re-shaping" of some individuals, but as an accessory contingent event, simply from the fact of those involved having discovered a means of achieving some personal command over Trying to understand the system (whose system?) is really putting the cart before the horse (first you need a problem, to which the system is the solution).  Trying to understand all of human nature is a Major Enterprise.  It's much more managable to set up small systems based upon the control of those who have cause to set one up, who are interested & willing to participate, than trying to set up an all-encompassing system which includes even unrully, ungrateful beasts with an attitude.

@_date: 1994-09-11 02:21:24
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
When I have a moment I will diff the sources. Maybe someone will
anon. post 2.6.1. onto alt.security.pgp just to annoy S***light.
Richard Parratt

@_date: 1994-09-21 19:01:58
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Netcom 
Sounds like the people on Netcom are having the same kinds of problems
that led me to cancel my kaiwan.com account.

@_date: 1994-09-30 13:24:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: RC4 
There was nothing obviously illegal about the posting, as far as I can
tell from the outside.  In private conversations over the years with
Jim Bidzos, President of RSA Data Security, he told me that RC4 was
held as a trade secret by RSA.  When I pressed him about why, rather
than patenting it and revealing the algorithm to the public, he said
it was a "business decision".
Revelation or publication of a trade secret is not illegal; trade
secrets are protected by contracts, not laws.  At worst, RSA has the
right to sue somebody who signed a contract with RSA, if such a
company disclosed RSA's source code.  But it's more likely that the
revelation was done by someone who never had a contract with RSA, by
reverse-engineering from widely available object code.  In that case,
RSA is unlikely to have a legal leg to stand on.
U.S. case law on reverse-engineering is spotty but tends to support
the right to examine copyrighted software in order to glean
uncopyrightable information (such as algorithms or interface
definitions) from it.  And there's no evidence that the reverse-
engineering even happened under U.S. law; most countries are more
permissive.  Since RC4 was deliberately marketed as an "exportable"
encryption algorithm, there are plenty of copies in countries all over
the world.
RSA would know whether the posted code's indentation style, block
structure, variable names, and lack of comments matched their own
source code, indicating that a source-code nondisclosure contract may
have been violated.  But they aren't saying, which probably means it
didn't match.  The lawyer-letter that RSA sent to the net was mere
bluster, similar to other threatening letters that RSA has sent over
the years.
The revelation of RC4 could help, or hurt, its long-term effectiveness.
RSA has always claimed that RC4 was secure if sufficiently long keys
are used, and its inventor, Ron Rivest, is well known for building
good ciphers.  Revelation may actually encourage the use of the
algorithm, if public scrutiny reveals its true strength.  This could
bring not only further fame to Ron Rivest, but also fortune to RSA,
which owns a fast, copyrighted implementation of RC4, and has plenty
of experience at selling cryptography to businesses.
RSA is not used to operating like an ordinary software publisher,
forced to actually compete with potential competitors rather than
clubbing them with lawsuits.  But it will have to learn that trick
soon anyway.  Its main patent will expire over the next decade, it
never had international rights anyway, and it's squabbling with
Cylink, its ex-partner in monopoly control of U.S. public key crypto.
I think the company has a potential to leverage the customer base and
cash flow from its patent into a strong competitive position in an
open market.

@_date: 1994-10-01 14:45:15
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Technical Remailer Analysis. 
This attack can be defeated if both Alice and Bob are running remailers.
Then their correspondence is hidden in the 100 messages a day of
remailer traffic.  An observer can not tell wether the messages were for
Alice or Bob, or if they were for the remailer (assuming latency was
used) or if they were bit bucket messages.  Alice could even forward her
personal messages to a bitbucket (after saving a copy for herself) to
further increase security.  This is why everyone should be running a
remailer if they are concerned about their privacy.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: SOUTH-STATION-ANNEX.MIT.EDU 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA08291; Sun, 2 Oct 94 18:43:52 PDT
Received: from MIT.EDU (SOUTH-STATION-ANNEX.MIT.EDU) by toad.com id AA08285; Sun, 2 Oct 94 18:43:48 PDT
Received: from HODGE-PODGE.MIT.EDU by MIT.EDU with SMTP
Received: by hodge-podge.MIT.EDU (5.57/4.7) id AA22715; Sun, 2 Oct 94 21:43:41 -0400

@_date: 1994-10-05 14:47:54
@_author: ET 
@_subject: Digital Telephony vote TODAY 7PM Eastern 
According to EFF staffer Jonah Seiger:
The bill is expected to be voted on in both the House and Senate TODAY! The House is expected to vote at about 7:00 pm (ET) and the Senate shortly
there after (although it is still possible that they may not vote until
tomorrow).  The bill IS expected to pass both bodies.
Do what you think is best.

@_date: 1994-11-19 03:04:17
@_author: RSADSI 
@_subject: Verifying RC4 
I suggest that someone apply for expedited export permission for some
small piece of software that uses the "apparent reverse-engineered
RC4".  Tell them that you want to export crypto software containing
RC4 on the 7-day plan.  The State Department will send you a set of
test-vectors which you can use to prove that you're really using the
real RC4.  If you pass, and are given export permission, then I guess
the rev-eng version is the real thing.  Be sure your keys are 40 bits
or less (only for purposes of the test export; I don't recommend short
keys for any other purpose).
Full bureaucratic details are at ftp://ftp.cygnus.com/pub/export/cjr.kit.
Search for "test vector".  This info is also reachable from my Web
page on crypto export, Please email me a full copy of any CJ that you submit, so I can add it
to the Web page (along with the eventual response from the gov't).

@_date: 1994-11-20 21:41:21
@_author: s 
@_subject: MIT/RSA license documents available 
More information has come out in the court case(s) between RSA and Cylink.
In particular, the license between MIT and RSA, which gives RSA the
exclusive rights to license the RSA patent, and its various amendments
over the years, are all available from the US District Court for
the Northern District of Calif.
For some reason, this court is in Oakland rather than in SF where
other cases in the Northern District are held.  The judge is Claudia
Wilken and it's case   The license and amendments are in
the Attachments to document  ("Declaration of Robert B.
Foughner...")  and are all stamped "RSA DATA SECURITY CONFIDENTIAL"
just for fun.
In document  D. James Bidzos declares, under penalty of perjury,
"On or about August 4, 1994, I received a telephone call from a
customer of PKP.  In this conversation, he told me that he had
reviewed a copy of Cylink's complaint against RSA on an Internet
Bulletin Board.  Since then, I have myself reviewed Cylink's complaint
against RSA on the Internet, as well as copies of RSA's motions to
dismiss and to stay the arbitration.
"When I entered the Agreement of Intent with Cylink in April of 1990
on behalf of RSA, I understood that all disputes respecting the patent licensing business we had established in PKP would be arbitrated.  I
entered this arbitration agreement, in part, to ensure the disputes
between RSA and Cylink over the MIT patents would remain private,
since the two companies were jointly licensing those patents to third
parties.  Since Cylink went outside the arbitration agreement and
filed this lawsuit in federal court, I have received at least 25
communications (by telephone call, E-mail message, letter, fax, or
face to face discussion) about the dispute.  I have been asked
repeatedly how PKP could license a patent when one of PKP's partners
believes the patent is invalid.
"This public federal court action filed by Cylink to invalidate the
MIT patent has been very damaging to both RSA and the PKP partnership
as a whole.  I do not believe that I can clear my company RSA's good
name, or that of PKP unless Cylink's broad and insistent demands for a
license to use the MIT patent are also litigated in public."
So, even Jim seems to think that spreading this information is a good
idea.  If somebody (the Information Liberation Front?) wants to scan
this stuff in, I'll be glad to provide a Web/FTP site where people can
get it.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:48:06
@_author: Forward Looking Infrared Radar 
@_subject: No Subject 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A friend has been communicating with an expert involved in the
court case against the government in the Waco massacre.  There
are some technical issues that some Cypherpunks may be able to
shed some light on.
Before and while the compound burned, FBI helicopters continually
overflew the area.  They preportedly recorded events using FLIR (Forward Looking Infrared Radar) and thermal imaging technology.
Given the compound's frame structure, the effects of the fire on
these techniques, etc., why would FLIR and thermal imaging be used and what information would be gathered?  If someone on the list knows anything about these technologies,
please let me know by private e-mail.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1995-01-04 02:37:13
@_author: I forget the author 
@_subject: Re: Cloak and Gown 
"Use the source, Luke!"
% telnet locis.loc.gov
         L O C I S :  LIBRARY OF CONGRESS INFORMATION SYSTEM
          To make a choice: type a number, then press ENTER
  1   Library of Congress Catalog           4   Braille and Audio
  2   Federal Legislation                   5   Organizations
  3   Copyright Information                 6   Foreign Law
b cloak and gown
To choose from list, see examples at bottom.                      FILE: LOCI
Terms alphabetically close to:CLOAK AND GOWN
B01 Cloak & gown//(TITL=3)
B02 Cloak and dagger//(TITL=3)
B03 Cloak and dagger fiction//(TITL=2)
B04 Cloak and Dagger in Predator and Prey//(TITL=1)
B05 Cloak and gavel//(TITL=1)
B06+Cloak and gown//(TITL=3)
B07 Cloak for the dreamer//(TITL=1)
B08 Cloak of Aesir//(TITL=1)
B09 Cloak of competence//(TITL=1)
B10 Cloak of consciousness//(TITL=1)
B11 Cloak of darkness//(TITL=2)
B12 Cloak of friendship//(TITL=1)
---EXAMPLES: s b6         (SELECTs line b6; creates a SET for each term type)
             f b6-b8/b10  (FINDs b6-b8 and b10; combines sets, displays result)
             r b6         (RETRIEVEs term on b6; searches text in some files)
             r subj=b6    (RETRIEVEs term type specified; e.g., SUBJ, TITL)
f b1/b6
ITEMS 1-3 OF 3                 SET 3: BRIEF DISPLAY                FILE: LOCI
                                (DESCENDING ORDER)
1. 88-672288: Winks, Robin W.  Cloak and gown : scholars in America's secret
     war /  London : Collins Harvill, 1987.  607 p. ; 24 cm.
     NOT IN LC COLLECTION
2. 88-30560: Winks, Robin W.  Cloak & gown : scholars in the secret war,
     1939-1961 /  New York : Quill, 1988.  p. cm.
     CIP - NOT YET IN LC
3. 87-7683: Winks, Robin W.  Cloak & gown : scholars in the secret war,
     1939-1961 /  1st ed.  New York : Morrow, c1987.  607 p., [16] p. of
     plates : ill., ports. ; 25 cm.
     LC CALL NUMBER: JK468.I6 W48 1987

@_date: 1995-01-28 15:34:08
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Specs 
Well, you could look at some existing code.  My remailer is written in C,
with most of the unix-specific stuff being done by shell scripts, so
you should be able to compile some of the C code on the Mac (if you're
planning to write your remailer in C).
Look in:
ftp myriad.pc.cc.cmu.edu /pub/remailer
ftp cs.cmu.edu /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/usr12/mg5n/public/remailer

@_date: 1995-01-29 16:47:19
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Telnet Acrobatics 
These programs are pretty much textbook examples of socket usage, so
it's not too surprising, but that is kindof funny.  I doubt they were
actually copied out of a textbook; as they both had bugs in them, but I
think I have most of the bugs fixed now.  One that I didn't see earlier
when I posted that is that the select loop is missing an
if(FD_ISSET(fd,&readfds)....  It works without it, but not smoothly.  I
found these posted to alt.2600 last summer and they've been sitting on
my hard disk until this weekend when I pulled them out and started
playing with them.
Did any of your students try for the extra credit and add encryption?

@_date: 1995-02-09 15:56:12
@_author: Bay Area members of the EFF Board 
@_subject: Wed 15 Feb, 730pm: BayFF's first monthly Bay Area EFF meeting 
EFF is pleased to introduce a series of monthly `BayFF' meetings in
the San Francisco Bay Area.  All EFF members, guests, and the public
are invited.
The first meeting will be in San Francisco on February 15, 1995, at
7:30PM.  The gracious donor of our first meeting place is:
John Gilmore and Cindy Cohn will speak on the constitutional issues
around export controls on cryptography.  John is a co-founder of EFF
and Chair of the EFF Board's Crypto Committee.  Cindy is an attorney
in private practice at McGlashen and Sarrail in San Mateo.  These
controls inhibit free speech, publication of software and papers,
academic freedom of inquiry, and personal privacy, as well as having a
strong negative impact on computer security.  We'll explore some of
the implications and prospects for change.
Dave Farber will speak on "Living in the Global Information
Infrastructure -- some concerns".  Dave is an EFF Board member and has
more years of experience in computers and networking than the total
experience at many startup companies.  Vice President Gore has proposed
that the nations of the world undertake the building of a Global
Information Infrastructure -- the GII.  While most leaders agree with
the sprit of the Gore proposal -- namely to provide a mechanism which
could invigorate the world economy in the forthcoming information age,
many disagree with his belief that it will bring democracy to the
world.  They interpret such statements as being another example of
American colonialism.  It is this basic lack of uniform global
agreement on what terms mean, what rules apply to electronic commerce
and what impact a GII will have on their nation that underlies the
comments Dave will make.  These raise questions about the universality
of Cyberspace.  He will seek to table a set of questions that may
stimulate your thinking in this area.
There will also be plenty of time for general and specific questions,
issues, discussion, meeting people, and socializing with frontier-
minded folks.
We will schedule the second monthly meeting near the Computers,
Freedom, and Privacy conference -- tentatively on Friday night,
March 31.  Watch this space for more information.
We hope to see you on Wednesday!

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA01689; Mon, 17 Jul 95 23:56:55 PDT

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA11854; Wed, 2 Aug 95 14:31:05 PDT

@_date: 1995-08-10 06:10:07
@_author: "Peter Trei" 
@_subject: Re: "S1" encryption system (was: this looked like it might 
Well, I held an active SECRET clearance until last November. This is how I remember it.
There are three basic levels of classification - Confidential, Secret, and Top Secret. There are many sub-categories,
such as FOUO (For Official Use Only), NOFORN (no foreigners), COMSEC
(Communications Security) etc. Within TS, data may be placed in 'compartments', the names of which may themselves be classified, and separate clearance is needed for each compartment. Orthoganal to that is the existance of three separate agencies which
provide clearance - the Department of Energy, the Department of Defense, and the NSA. If you had a DoD clearance, that did not cut much ice with the spooks - you needed to have a separate investigation to their standards (though the actual groundpounding and investigation was done by the same organization for all three).
Finally, there was 'need to know'. It didn't matter if you had a Tippy
Toppest Secret clearance, signed by the directors of the NRO, NSA, and DoE; if there was a piece of classified information which was not
relevant to your work, you didn't get it. (One of the problems with the system is that this leads to a lot of duplicated effort).
While I did not get to see Top Secret data (and in fact, avoided classified projects whenever possible), TS was a very real classification level at least until late last year. The only explanation I can think of for your claim above is that most TS data is not simply 'TS'; it usually has various endorsments, such as which compartment it's in. Peter Trei

@_date: 1995-08-23 15:13:05
@_author: Dorothy Denning 
@_subject: Australia and Encryption Policy 
Ross Anderson posted a message on the net recently stating that
Australia was proposing an encryption policy that would force residents
to use weak cryptography while banks would get key escrow.  His source
was a talk by Steve Orlowski, who is Assistant Director, Security
Management, in the Australian Attorney-General's Department.
Attached is a copy of an open letter by Mr. Orlowski in response to
that post.  He is not proposing that individuals be forced to use weak
encryption.  Key escrow would be an option available to anyone wanting
a high level of encryption.  Organizations and individuals could escrow
their own keys if desired.
This message and his letter may be forwarded.
Dorothy Denning
Thank you for your comments on the subject of the use of encryption by
private individuals.
Firstly I would like to make the point that the debate has arisen from
one person's interpretation of a paper I gave at a conference on
"Cryptography Policies and Algorithms"  The full text of that paper is
now available on the net at
The paper carries a disclaimer at the top that the views are mine and
do not necessarily represent the views of the Australian Government.
The paper sets out the Government's policy on telecommunications
interception, which includes the issue of the use of cryptography as:
"As a result of the Report, Australia is, among other TI issues,
monitoring the impact of encryption in the telecommunications
interception area and will re-examine matters in 1997 following the
opening of the telecommunications area to full competition."
Telecommunications covers both voice and data communications.
The last paragraph of the paper says that there is a need to expand the
cryptography debate to cover the needs of individual users in the
context of the information superhighway rather than current Internet
users.  The paper also points out that issues suh as cost, convenience
and public confidence in cryptography systems will be the main issues.
Public confidence is explained in terms that as long as it meets the
general requirement for privacy it will be acceptable.  I still
maintain that the general user of the superhighway in the next century
will be satisfied with a lower level of encryption which will meet that
and cost and user friendliness requirements.
On specific point made in the Internet message, the paper does not
suggest, either directly or by implication, that individuals should be
banned from using encryption.
Regarding the use of higher level encryption, the paper supports the
concept of commercial key escrow where organisations hold their own
keys but may be required to provide them in response to a court order.
The same would apply to individuals who could either hold there own keys
or store them with a commercial body.  Access to those keys would be by
court order and in that respect is no different to existing procedures
for the interception or seizure of telephone conversations or paper
records.  There is no suggestion that these basic principles, and
protection of individual's rights in general, should be changed
If individuals were to use lower level encryption there would be no
need for them to maintain copies of any keys for such systems.  To my
mind this is preferable to a requirement for keys to be maintained for
all encryption systems, which could be the result if universal key
escrow were introduced.
Finally on the question of interception, the general public expects a
reasonable level of law enforcement to ensure the protection of their
person and property.  Governments are required to find a balance
between this and the rights of individuals to privacy.  Part of this
balance is to ensure that law enforcement authorities convince a court
that there is a need to carry out an interception.  There is no
suggestion that this fundamental approach should be changed.  The paper
certainly does not suggest tha the Attorney-General's Department should
become a centralised interception authority.  In fact such a role would
not be consistent with its role as a source of advice to Government.
I hope the above clarifies both the Government's policy and my personal
views on these matters.
I consider this to be an open letter and have no objection to it being
used as such.
Yours sincerely
Steve Orlowski

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Return-Path: Received: by toad.com id AA01815; Tue, 5 Sep 95 17:00:40 PDT
Received: from yarrina.connect.com.au by toad.com id AA01805; Tue, 5 Sep 95 17:00:25 PDT

@_date: 1995-09-13 15:53:22
@_author: Martin C Sweitzer 
@_subject: Re: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful. 
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 13-Sep-95 CYPHERPUNK considered harmful. by
"Peter Trei" Never EVER judge a book by its cover.
People that do usually end up being Joe Sixpacks.  And by being a Joe
Sixpack you don't have that much power in today's society.
Martin S

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: root 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
certificates - root, country CA, issuer Ca, and cardholder/merchant.
Two certificates are based upon a 1024 bit public keys, 1 (root) is 2048
while the cardholder PK is 512/768 bit.
I believe a decrypt operation is required to verify each certificate.
I have seen test result from a local crypto company which indicate a 1024
bit decrypt operation will take between 2.5-30 seconds (Pentium 90 - 386/33
- I am trying to relate this to userland, not the well equipped cybernaut).
PK encrypt is somewhat faster. On this basis, a credential verify will take 10+ seconds up to several
minutes, on this range of equipment.
This seems to take a significant amount of time in verifying certificates.
This situation will only get worse as renewal certificates are appended to
existing certificates.
Can someone comment, or steer me in the right direction if I have
misunderstood certificate verification ?
Working for a bank who may have to use this one day, customer impact is a
big deal - we can afford specialised  hardware, but not all our customers can.
thanks for any clarification,
 lyal
All mistakes in this message belong to me - you should not use them!

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:52:29
@_author: Alice is the payor, Bob the payee. 
@_subject: No Subject 
It is interesting that the situation is so symmetrical.  Given
collusion with the bank by the other party, with regular ecash we
protect Alice's but not Bob's anonymity.  With this "reverse ecash" we
protect Bob but not Alice.  (Alice is the payor, Bob the payee.)
If people were allowed to exchange coins anonymously, either system
will provide anonymity for both parties.  (In the reverse ecash system
Alice hands the the blinded proto-coins along with some regular coins
to the bank and receives blinded new coins.)
Earlier there was discussion of an ecash coin-exchanging service
("Charlie") designed to provide payee anonymity in the regular ecash
system.  Bob would send his newly-received coins to Charlie along with
blinded proto-coins.  Charlie would then exchange them at the bank and
send the new (blinded) coins back to Bob.  Charlie and Bob can be
anonymous to each other, but Bob has to trust Charlie with his coins.
A similar service would work for the reverse ecash system to protect
Alice's anonymity.  Bob blinds some proto-coins and sends them to
Alice, who further blinds them and sends them to Charlie along with
some regular coins of the same values.  Charlie exchanges the regular
coins for new coins using the doubly blinded proto-coins.  He gives the
blinded coins back to Alice, who unblinds them and gives them to Bob,
who removes the last blinding to reveal the valid coins.  It is Alice
in this protocol who has to trust Charlie with her coins.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: b 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Strategic Investment
824 E. Baltimore St.
Baltimre, MD 21202-4799
Published monthly for U.S. residents at US$109 per year.
   Republicans add barbed wire to Clinton's "Berlin Wall." SI accurately
forecasted the coming of the "exit" tax proposed by the Clinton Admin-
istration earlier this year. Now Senate Republicans have passed an exit
tax that is even more punitive than that proposed by Clinton. Section
12441(b) of the Balanced Budget Reconciliation Act of 1995 (H.R. 2491)
adds a new layer of confiscatory taxes, succession taxes, to be imposed
upon U.S. citizens and residents. Unlike gift or estate taxes, which are
imposed upon the giver or his estate, succession taxes are imposed upon
the recipient of bequests. Under the Senate proposal, succession taxes
would be levied upon property acquired by gift or inheritance from a
former U.S. citizen or former long-term resident of the U.S. who leaves
U.S. tax jurisdiction after February, 1995. This tax would make it finan-
cially more punitive for an American to renounce his citizenship unless
his entire family came along. It would also make unattractive for foreign-
ers with close U.S. relatives to take up residence in the United States.
The would be subject ot confiscatory exit taxes upon leaving.
   (Questions arise - is there any legislation that Congress can't pass or
attempt to pass? Aren't Republicans supposted to be an alternative to
Democrates?) - GLJ

@_date: 1995-11-15 05:23:02
@_author: Martin C Sweitzer 
@_subject: world smartcards.. 
Anyone know what kind of encryption they will be using...
HP builds security for smartcard shopping
Hewlett-Packard is bidding for US government approval for a
worldwide cryptographic framework, which is being to provide a
security for a joint smartcard project with Gemplus and
The three companies plan to develop a secure personal
information card system, with which businesses can deliver
services including Internet-based transactions to consumers.
The encrypted cards will carry several thousand times the
amount of data on current smartcards and will (pending US
export approvals) be usable anywhere in the world.
HP is providing server, encryption, middleware and networking
technologies. Gemplus will provide advanced smart-card tech-
nology. Database and middleware technologies will come from
Informix. The alliance was launched at Telecom 95.
HP's proposed non-user-accessible cryptography is the first
element in an international open cryptography framework, with
which it hopes to deliver security technology compliant with
US export regulations.

@_date: 1996-01-05 04:26:07
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: AP: Compuserve Will Lift Newsgroup Ban 
Compuserve's original statement from last week is at:
    Attached are excerpts from today's AP article.
---------- Forwarded message begins here ----------
Columbus, Ohio (AP) -- The on-line service CompuServe says it hopes to
reopen access to 200 sexually oriented Internet forums to all but its
German customers by the end of the month...
company is working on a software fix that will prevent Germans from
accessing the newsgroups while allowing access to customers in the rest
of the world...
 	Munich's senior public prosecutor, Manfred Wick, said this week his
office did not order a ban or provide CompuServe with any list as part
of its investigation of child pornography. But he acknowledged that
police asked CompuServe to scrutinize a list last month. `The decision
on whether and to what extent the groups on the list would be blocked
was left to CompuServe,'' Wick's statement said.

@_date: 1996-01-12 17:47:06
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: US DoJ Zimmermann Press Release 
[begin]
 [logo]                                        United States Attorney
                                      Northern District of California
 _____________________________________________________________________________
                         San Jose Office                   (408) 535-5061
                         280 South First Street, Suite 371
                         San Jose, California 95113       FAX: (408) 535-5066
                             PRESS RELEASE
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 January 11, 1995
        Michael J. Yamaguchi, United States Attorney for the
 Norther District of California, announced today that his office
 has declined prosectution of any individuals in connection with  the posting to USENET in June 1991 of the encryption program
 known as "Pretty Good Privacy."  The investigation has been  closed.  No further comment will be made by the U.S. Attorney's  office on the reasons for declination.
        Assistant U.S. Attorney William P. Keane of the U.S.
 Attorney's Office in San Jose at (408) 535-5053 oversaw the  government's investigation of the case.
 [end]

@_date: 1996-01-13 00:49:43
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Mitnick: Markoff responds to Platt's CuD "Takedown" critique 
Topic 1119 [media]:  Media Appearances of WELLperns VI, S.F.Bay Area Division
 of 296: john markoff (johnm)      Wed Dec 20 '95 (14:49)   557 lines
 Charles is certainly entitled to his opinion about our book, but I thought I
 would take this opportunity to correct his inaccuracies.
        REVIEW OF TAKEDOWN ON THE COMPUTER UNDERGROUND DIGEST
        The Mad-Scientist Myth Figure
        A circumlocuitous review of_Takedown_ by Tsutomu Shimomura and John
 Markoff
        (Hyperion, $24.95)
        by Charles Platt
  >           Perhaps it seems strange that a journalist should defend
        herself by pleading ignorance of the subject that she chose
        to write about. Still, we should give Katie Hafner credit
        where it is due: she now seems genuinely repentant.
        Just for the record, Katie says that her remarks were taken out of
 context here by Charles. For her actual views you might want to look at her
 Esquire article on the subject, which is reprinted in a new paperback
 version of Cyberpunk.
    >         The same can hardly be said for her ex-husband and ex-
        collaborator John Markoff, who must have made well over half
        a millions dollars by now, portraying Kevin Mitnick as an
        arch-enemy of techno-society. If Markoff regrets the
        "darkside hacker" label, he hasn't said much about it.
                            *         *         *
    >         Unlike many hackers, Kevin Mitnick never looked for
        publicity. He felt he should be paid for giving interviews,
        and when Hafner and Markoff refused to come up with any
        money, he refused to talk to them. He became famous--or
        infamous--while doing his best to remain obscure.
     The darkside hacker label was created during the late 1980s by the
 Southern California press. It is a label that I noted, but I didn't create.
 However, he's right I don't regret using it. And also for the record, Kevin
 Mitnick used to drive around in Las Vegas with a stack of copies of
 Cyberpunk in the trunk of his car to give away to admirers. He is on record
 as saying the book is "20 percent inaccurate."
   >          The key event that catalyzed this strange ascent to
        notoriety occurred on July 4th, 1994, when a story by John
        Markoff appeared on the front page of _The New York Times._
        Headlined "Cyberspace's Most Wanted: Hacker Eludes F.B.I.
        Pursuit," the text described Mitnick as "one of the nation's
        most wanted computer criminals" and was accompanied with a
        suitably menacing mug shot. The story was liberally spiced
        with tidbits recycled from _Cyberpunk,_ but if you looked
        more closely, there wasn't any actual news. Mitnick had
        violated parole a year or so previously, had disappeared at
        that time, and hadn't been seen since. That was all.
        This is really inaccurate. Kevin Mitnick had become notorious
 nationally in the late 1980s as a result of his being arrested for attacks
 on Digital Equipment Computers. A menacing mug shot? It was the only photo
 available. No actual news? Not the way I remember it. The news was that he
 was being pursued by the FBI (three agents full time), the California DMV,
 US Marshalls, telco security, local police, etc. The further news was that
 the FBI had told cellular telephone companies that they believed the
 fugitive had stolen software from at least six cellular phone manufacturers.
 I thought then, and still think, this merited a story. I also think the
 story was a good yarn. Mitnick had succeeded in evading law enforcement for
 more than a year - again.
             Why was this on the front page of a highly respected
        newspaper? Maybe because of the scary implications: that a
        weirdo who could paralyze vast computer networks was on the
        loose, and law enforcement had been too stupid to catch him.
             In reality, though, Mitnick has never been accused of
        willfully damaging any hardware or data, and has never been
        Wrong again. He was accused of doing more than $100,000 damage at US
 Leasing, a SF time sharing company in 1980. Their system was trashed by a
 group that Mitnick was a member of. After that, at various other times he
 cost companies tens of thousands of dollars trying to close the door on his
 attacks. A further point is that I have no control over placement of my
 stories in the paper.
             In _Cyberpunk,_ he was described as an omnipotent,
        obsessive-compulsive, egotistical, vindictive sociopath who
        used his computer to take revenge on the world that had
        spurned him. He later claimed (in _2600_ magazine) that this
     This is a totally misreading of Cyberpunk. I invite anyone to read that
 section of the book and see if that is the way he was portrayed.
        was "twenty percent fabricated and libelous." Maybe so, but
        I guess Kevin acknowledged 80 percent of what we wrote as accurate...
 8)
                 So far as I can discover, the FBI didn't classify
        Mitnick as one of America's most wanted; it was John Markoff
        who chose to apply that label. Markoff went far beyond the
        traditional function of a journalist who merely reports news;
        he helped to create a character, and the character himself
        became the news.
        Sorry, but I didn't create the character, Kevin did. He has now been
 arrested six times in fifteen years. Each time, except for this last time,
 he was given a second chance to get his act together. He chose not too. It
 seems to me that he is an adult and makes choices. He chose to keep breaking
 in to computers. He knew what the penalty was. So what's the problem?
             Unfortunately for Mitnick, this made him the target of a
        hacker witch hunt. A few years ago, here in CuD, Jim Thomas
        A witch hunt? Give me a break. It was an article describing a law
 enforcement hunt for a fugitive, who had been arrested five times
 previously, convicted at least three times, and was known to be attacking
 the computers of the nation's cellular telephone companies.
                            *         *         *
        This information probably wasn't worth much; Markoff told the
        feds that Mitnick could probably be found stuffing himself
        with junk food at the nearest Fatburger, whereas in fact
        Mitnick was working out regularly, had slimmed down to normal
        weight, and had become a vegetarian.
        Oh please. I was called by Kent Walker, the AUSA on the case during a
 meeting at the Well. He asked me if I thought Mitnick was dangerous. I
 responded that everything I knew about Mitnick had either been in Cyberpunk
 or my July 4 1994 article, ie. in the public. I repeated the story of one
 arrest in which Kevin ended up handcuffed in tears over the hood of the
 detective's car. I gave no other information, nor got any.
             John Markoff's precise motives remain a mystery. We can,
        however, learn something by examining his writing. In his
        _Times_ article describing Mitnick's capture, he stated that
        the hacker had been on a "long crime spree" during which he
        had managed to "vandalize government, corporate and
        university computer systems."
             These are interesting phrases. "Crime spree" suggests a
        wild cross-country caper involving robberies and maybe even a
        shoot-out. In reality, Mitnick seems to have spent most of
        his time hiding in an apartment, typing on a keyboard. The
        word "vandalize" implies that he wantonly wrecked some
        property; in reality, Mitnick caused no intentional damage to
        anyone or anything.
        This is just not true. Kevin Mitnick was actively sharing system
 vulnerabilities with other people on the net. That is about the most
 damaging thing that could be done to the Internet community.
             When it came down to it, Markoff's journalism was long
        on opinion and short on facts.
        Sort of like this review, I guess.....  8)
                            *         *         *
             I have a fantasy. In my fantasy, John Markoff bursts
        into a room where Tsutomu Shimomura sits as solemn as a zen
        master, peering impassively at a computer screen while he
        types a Perl script. "Tsutomu, I have good news and bad
        news!" Markoff exclaims. "The good news is, we sold the book
        rights for three-quarters of a million. The bad news is, I
        haven't got a clue what Mitnick was doing for the past two
        years. What the hell are we going to write about?"
             Shimomura doesn't even bother to look up. He gives a
        barely perceptible shrug and says, "Me, of course."
        This is weird...
             Mitnick grew up in a lower-class single-parent household
        and taught himself almost everything he knew about computers.
        Nice try. Kevin took lots of computer classes at various schools.
                            *         *         *
             Presumably because Markoff felt that some romantic
        interest would help to sell the story, this book contains
        revelations of a type normally reserved for Hollywood
        celebrities or British royalty. While he was pursuing
        Mitnick, Shimomura was also pursuing "Julia," the long-term
        girlfriend of John Gilmore, one of the first employees at Sun
        Microsystems in 1982 who subsequently co-founded the software
        corporation Cygnus.
   The reason we described what happened at Toad Hall on Xmas was that the
 attacks first came from toad.com while Tsutomu and Julia were there. If we
 hadn't have been complete in our description someone would have charged us
 with a cover up. Please remember that David Bank, a San Jose Mercury
 reporter, spent several weeks pursuing the hypothesis that Tsutomu had
 attack his own computers.
             Kevin Mitnick begins to seem likable by comparison. At
        least he shows some irreverence, taunting Shimomura and
        trying to puncture his pomposity. At one point, Mitnick
        bundles up all the data he copied from Shimomura's computer
        and saves it onto the system at Netcom where he knows that
        Shimomura will find it. He names the file "japboy." At
        Yea, That Kevin is a real likeable guy.
        another point, in a private online communication (intercepted
        by Shimomura without any lawful authorization) Mitnick
        Wrong. At the Well, Netcom and in Raleigh, Tsutomu, at all times was
 operating under the exemptions granted Internet Service Providers by the
 ECPA.
             Well, maybe so, but unlike Shimomura, Mitnick never
        claimed to be heroic. Nor did he cause any intentional
        "damage." Nor did he "attack," "pilfer," and "vandalize"
        computer systems, even though these words are used repeatedly
        throughout the book--in the same pejorative style that John
        Markoff previously perfected in _The New York Times._
        Perjorative?? Yikes! I mean we could go to the dictionary.....
                            *         *         *
             All the charges except one have been dropped against
        Kevin Mitnick. He may even be out of jail in time for the
        Markoff/Shimomura book tour. In other words, the man
        Wrong. Kevin Mitnick is in jail in Los Angeles facing charges from
 more than six United States Federal Districts. He may go on trial or he may
 plea bargain.
        described in advance publicity for _Takedown_ as a threat to
        global civilization will befree to go about his business--
        because, in the end, he wasn't much of a threat at all.
             Will this create an embarrassing schism between
        _Takedown_ and reality? Probably not. Reality has been at
        odds with the Mitnick myth for quite a while, but the myth is
        stronger than ever.
        Myth and reality? I have been writing about Kevin Mitnick for a long
 time, since 1981 to be precise, but I didn't create a myth, he created his
 own story.

@_date: 1996-01-13 03:01:45
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Mitnick #3: Markoff responds again to Platt 
Topic 1119 [media]:  Media Appearances of WELLperns VI, S.F.Bay Area Division
 of 296: john markoff (johnm)      Wed Jan  3 '96 (16:58)   256 lines
 My response to Charles Platt's rebuttal.....
      JM Writes: "The darkside hacker label was created during the late
      1980s by the Southern California press. It is a label that I noted,
      but I didn't create. However, he's right I don't regret using it. And
      also for the record, Kevin Mitnick used to drive around in Las Vegas
      with a stack of copies of Cyberpunk in the trunk of his car to give
      away to admirers.  He is on record as saying the book is '20 percent
      inaccurate.'"
  >JM is confusing the issue. I never suggested he invented the "darkside
  >hacker" term. This is totally irrelevant. I said, very specifically, that
  >he was the first to *apply* this label to Mitnick. JM does not actually
  >deny this, and I believe it is true.
 Sorry, you're wrong. The "darkside hacker" label was used in the headlines
 of Southern California press coverage of Mitnick in 1987-8, in particular by
 John Johnson, an LA Times metro reporter. I was not the first one to use the
 term with respect to Mitnick.
      Re my description of his initial article about Mitnick for the NY
 "This is really inaccurate. Kevin Mitnick had become
      notorious nationally in the late 1980s as a result of his being
      arrested for attacks on Digital Equipment Computers. A menacing mug
      shot? It was the only photo available. No actual news? Not the way I
      remember it. The news was that he was being pursued by the FBI (three
      agents full time), the California DMV, US Marshalls, telco security,
      local police, etc. The further news was that the FBI had told cellular
      telephone companies that they believed the fugitive had stolen
      software from at least six cellular phone manufacturers. I thought
      then, and still think, this merited a story. I also think the story
      was a good yarn. Mitnick had succeeded in evading law enforcement for
      more than a year - again."
  >"Notorious" in what sense? This is another of those vague terms that JM
  >throws around without limiting or defining it. Mitnick may have been
  >"notorious" in hacker circles, but not in the eyes of the general public.
  >My point was, and is, that JM converted Mitnick from a relatively obscure
  >hacker into a public figure. JM tries to evade this point but cannot
  >specifically deny it. As for Mitnick being "actively pursued," I believe
  >this is a vast overstatement. As I understand it, law enforcement had
  >largely lost interest until JM's news item embarrassed them. Even after
  >that, according to JM's own book _Takedown,_ law enforcement had to be
  >prodded into taking action. They seemed not to share JM's perception of
  >Mitnick as a severe threat. They certainly didn't characterize him as one
  >of "America's most wanted."
  Since when is "notorious" a vague term? The dictionary def. of notorious is
 "generally known and talked of." Kevin Mitnick had national press attention
 in at least two cases (Los Angeles 1981 and Los Angeles 1987) and there were
 a number of articles in the Los Angeles Times, which the last time I checked
 was not a hacker quarterly, before Katie and I wrote about him in Cyberpunk.
 He was notorious.
 Charles is just plain wrong about the issue of pursuit: There was a US
 Marshalls search for him for a parole violation, a team of FBI agents in LA
 was detailed to finding Mitnick, telecommunications companies in Seattle and
 Southern California were pursuing him, California DMV had a special
 investigator looking for him. I could go on....Law enforcement did not have
 to be prodded into action. The first thing Tsutomu did when he was invited
 to the Well was meet with a US attorney and FBI agents who had an open case.
      In response to my statement that Kevin Mitnick has never been accused
 "Wrong again. He was
      accused of doing more than $100,000 damage at US Leasing, a SF time
      sharing company in 1980. Their system was trashed by a group that
      Mitnick was a member of. After that, at various other times he cost
      companies tens of thousands of dollars trying to close the door on his
      attacks.
  >With all due respect, this is not fair or accurate journalism. Was Mitnick
  >*active* in the group that caused the alleged damage? Did he play a
  >personal role? Does JM know? If not, he's just slinging mud. This is a
  >smear and should not be presented as if it is a fact. On the other hand,
  >if there is evidence that Mitnick was indeed actively responsible, I will
  >gladly admit that I didn't know of this.
  Kevin was convicted in this case in the Spring of 1982. He spent 90 days in
 juvenile detention, he was given a year's probation.
  >As for the money that companies spent fixing the security weaknesses that
  >allowed Mitnick to gain access, it is grossly unfair and misleading for
  >JM to throw this into a paragraph discussing "intentional damage." This
  >is exactly the kind of deliberate blurring of different kinds of computer
  >misuse that I complained about in my review.
  I'm afraid that Charles has confused me here. I simply gave an example
 where intentional damage was done for which Kevin was convicted. I didn't
 say that he always damaged machines, I simply object to the portrayal of him
 as an innocent
  "Sorry, but I
      didn't create the character, Kevin did. He has now been arrested six
      times in fifteen years. Each time, except for this last time, he was
      given a second chance to get his act together. He chose not too. It
      seems to me that he is an adult and makes choices. He chose to keep
      breaking in to computers. He knew what the penalty was. So what's the
      problem?"
  >Of course Mitnick is responsible for his actions. I never disputed this,
  >and never suggested he was innocent of the crimes for which he was
  >convicted. I merely suggested that the crimes were relatively trivial and
  >were exaggerated out of all proportion by JM's extravagant prose.
  >Exaggeration, imprecision, and innuendo: *that's* the problem, JM.
 In a passage above Charles accuses me of being vague, now he says that
 exaggeration, imprecision and innuendo are the problem. Boy, talk about
 being vague. But I guess we've descended to the nyah, nyah level....  8)
 "A witch hunt? Give me a break. It was an article
      describing a law enforcement hunt for a fugitive, who had been
      arrested five times previously, convicted at least three times, and
      was known to be attacking the computers of the nation's cellular
      telephone companies."
  >My review complained that JM throws around words such as "attack" without
  >ever defining them in computer terms. He's still doing it here in his
  >rebuttal. Kevin Mitnick never attacked any computer, by my understanding
  >of the word.
  Mitnick was persistent and frequently arrogant in his break-ins into dozens
 of different computers. Attack is not an exaggeration.
 "This is just not true. Kevin
      Mitnick was actively sharing system vulnerabilities with other people
      on the net. That is about the most damaging thing that could be done
      to the Internet community."
  >Is JM aware that some highly respected security experts believe that
  >sharing news of vulnerabilities is the best way to encourage better
  >security?  True, this is a controversial subject; but certainly the
  >sharing of vulnerabilities is NOT "the most damaging thing that could be
  >done to the Internet community." That's just another of those wildly
  >exaggerated phrases that JM throws out for emotional effect. I can think
  >of many politicians--and even a few journalists--who pose a far greater
  >danger to the future of the net than Kevin Mitnick ever did.
  Charles probably missed the followup discussion on this point, but I think
 there is a dramatic difference between distributing information publicly and
 sharing it in a clandestine fashion with a small gang of crackers the way
 Mitnick was doing it. I assume from his comments that Charles thinks that
 issues like Internet privacy and security are trivial and don't really
 matter very much. I disagree with him here.
 "The reason we described
      what happened at Toad Hall on Xmas was that the attacks first came
      from toad.com while Tsutomu and Julia were there. If we hadn't have
      been complete in our description someone would have charged us with a
      cover up. Please remember that David Bank, a San Jose Mercury
      reporter, spent several weeks pursuing the hypothesis that Tsutomu had
      attack his own computers."
  >Uh-huh. And I suppose the rest of the sordid, relentlessly personal thread
  >in _Takedown,_ describing every little nuance of Shimomura's campaign to
  >steal someone's long-term girlfriend, was merely included so that no one
  >could complain that the account was incomplete? Really!
 Sharon Fisher had a good response to the notion of girlfriend as property.
 Charles is being viciously innaccurate here.
      In my review, I complained about pejorative terms (such as "attack")
      that JM uses repeatedly. His response: "Perjorative?? Yikes! I mean we
      could go to the dictionary....."
  >Well, I guess JM *should* go to the dictionary. If he does, he will find
  >that pejorative is a perfectly good word which I spelled correctly. It's
  >ironic that he seems unaware of it, since it so aptly describes his
  >own journalistic technique.
  This is getting weird again. I still don't have any problem with using the
 word "attack" and would use it again. I think Charles has sort of run out of
 gas trying to mount a defense against something that is basicly
 indefensible. It's just not ok to read other people's mail, steal commercial
 software, leave trojan horses scattered around, and systematically alter
 system software. No matter how you dress it up, its criminal activity.
      Re my assertion that all charges but one against Mitnick have been
      dropped, JM replies: "Wrong. Kevin Mitnick is in jail in Los Angeles
      facing charges from more than six United States Federal Districts. He
      may go on trial or he may plea bargain."
  >I tried to contact Mitnick's attorney before I wrote my review. He did
  >not return my calls. I based my statement on information from three other
  >sources. If it's incorrect, obviously I stand corrected. As I understand
  >it, though, those charges from other federal districts may not have been
  >actually filed. Is "facing charges" another of those slightly misleading
  >terms that makes the situation sound worse than it really is? Are the
  >charges actual, or potential?
 Why didn't Charles think to give any of half a dozen US District Attorney's
 a call and chat with them about the charges that are being brought against
 Kevin Mitncik. For those who are curious there is a plea bargaining process
 going on now and Mitnick has a scheduled court date for January 29.
 "Myth and reality? I have been writing about Kevin
      Mitnick for a long time, since 1981 to be precise, but I didn't create
      a myth, he created his own story."
  >In his own rebuttal, JM has already referred to the Mitnick story as a
  >"good yarn." A yarn, of course, is a richly embroidered, sometimes
  >fictionalized version of the truth. This is precisely what I believe he
  >concocted, and it isn't my idea of decent journalism.
 Please Charles, which part is concocted? The part about Kevin being a
 criminal who was a fugitive and who was caught while he was breaking in to
 computers?
  >Would JM like to explain how Dan Farmer's perception of "the Mitnick
  >threat" can be so different from Shimomura's? To the outside observer, it
  >almost looks as if there wasn't a significant security threat, and
  >Shimomura must have been motivated by wounded vanity, while John Markoff
  >was motivated by his desire to tell a "good yarn" and make a lot of money.
  >Am I wrong?
  Yes you're wrong. I can't speak for Dan, but Tsutomu was invited by both
 the Well and Netcom to help them solve a persistent computer security
 problem. His advice to the Well was that they would never be secure unless
 the person who was attacking their computers was apprehended. The Well had
 no viable way to lock Kevin Mitnick out. Tsutomu's solution to actively
 pursue Mitnick was the only reasonable option, one which the Well management
 agreed with. There are several philosophies in the computer security world.
 One view is that rather than hiding in your shell it is necessary to track
 down offenders who have broken the law. I really don't see what's wrong with
 that approach. Do you Charles?

@_date: 1996-01-13 00:56:02
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Mitnick #4: Platt's final response to Markoff 
Topic 1119 [media]:  Media Appearances of WELLperns VI, S.F.Bay Area Division
 of 296: Aaron L Dickey (kieran)      Wed Jan  3 '96 (20:19)     7 lines
 Charles Platt responds:
 "John Markoff's reply to my replies is much more factual and convincing
 than his original response to my review of his book. I thank him for his
 time and trouble. I still find it hard to agree with his overall
 perspective, but I am now convinced that he does have a sincere point of
 view, and I value the instances where he has corrected me on details."
Topic 1119 [media]:  Media Appearances of WELLperns VI, S.F.Bay Area Division
 of 296: Declan McCullagh (declan)      Thu Jan  4 '96 (07:33)    23 lines
 And one final response from Charles Platt:
 "Someone suggested that by criticizing TAKEDOWN I attempted to further my
 own career.
 "My primary career has nothing to do with computer journalism. Under a
 different name I write a series of prehistory novels, the first of which
 now has 200,000 copies in print. This is my main source of income; I
 pursue computer journalism as a sideline, because it pleases me.
 "I do have a computer-related book coming out under my own name later this
 year, but it was written more for pleasure than profit and is aimed at a
 small audience: people who are more concerned about really dangerous
 criminals such as James Exon or Ralph Reed than about hackers such as
 Kevin Mitnick. Frankly, this book will not sell a lot of copies no matter
 what I do, because decency legislation and first-amendment issues are a
 noncommercial topic compared with so-called computer crime.
 "Bearing all this in mind, it is misleading to suggest that I wrote my
 review for motives of self-promotion. I wrote it because I had just
 finished reading TAKEDOWN, it had irritated me greatly, and I believed
 (perhaps wrongly) that I possessed background information that might not
 be mentioned by other reviewers elsewhere."

@_date: 1996-01-18 03:19:27
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: WP: Encryption rules hurt exporters 
The Washington Post
January 17, 1996
Study: Encryption Rules Hurt Exporters
   By Elizabeth Corcoran
   Washington Post Staff Writer
   U.S. export restrictions on technology for encrypting information are
   slowing American companies' success in some foreign countries and
   retarding the growth of an international market for such technology,
   according to a new report released by the U.S. Commerce Department.
   The study is likely to become the latest ammunition in the struggle
   between the administration and many U.S. high-tech companies and civil
   liberties advocates over how tightly the United States should control
   the export of sophisticated data scrambling, or encryption,
   technology. Both sides are likely to try to use the report to their
   advantage.
   U.S. businesses contend that they are losing market share to foreign
   competitors because they are not allowed to include the most
   sophisticated encryption technology in their software products.
   "The day we show lost market share [in the overall market for
   software] is the day that we start losing the whole ballgame," said
   Rebecca Gould, director of policy for the Business Software Alliance.
   The report, which was commissioned in late 1994 by the national
   security adviser and carried out by the Commerce Department's Bureau
   of Export Administration and the National Security Agency, aimed to
   assess the impact of encryption export controls. It assigns no dollar
   values to any sales lost by U.S. companies, but notes that there are
   many foreign-made encryption products available overseas. On the other
   hand, some of those products do not work well, the report says.
   Still, it cites evidence that U.S firms are not making significant
   progress in the business of selling encryption technology.
   In three countries -- Switzerland, Denmark and the United Kingdom --
   market share for U.S. encryption products declined during 1994, the
   report said. Sources in 14 countries said that export controls "limit"
   U.S. market share, while those in another seven countries said such
   controls have "either no impact or no major impact."
   Although the report maintains that sources in "most" countries
   indicated that U.S. market share is "keeping pace" with overall
   demand, in many of the countries surveyed, "exportable U.S. encryption
   products are perceived to be of unsatisfactory quality."
   Today, a Washington-based policy group supported by a dozen major
   computer companies plans to release its own commentary on export
   encryptions, calling for the government to lift its export
   restrictions.

@_date: 1996-01-18 03:00:37
@_author: "Timothy L. Nali" 
@_subject: Random Number Generators 
Hi all
truly random numbers (The chip will be fabricated).  I'm limited to a
2-micron standard cmos technology (no fancy BiCMOS, MISC, or anthing
else).  The most promising design I've seen so far (that I can actually
do) is based on clocking a D flip-flop in the following way:
	|
	|
(sloppy) slow clock	----  |>	|
	|
The slow clock has enough random variation in it's period  for the Dff
to generate random numbers.   The random bits will , of course, have
biases that will need to be corrected with things like Xor gates.
Can anyone give me pointers or references to other types of true random
number generators and to ways of correcting the biases and other
problems in the resulting random bitstream?   I'd also appreciate a
pointer to an intro text (if such a thing exists) on what makes random
numbers good random numbers.  (and before you say it, yes I have Applied
Cyptography.  It's a great book.)
One thing I'm concerned about is making sure the random bitstream is
uniformly random.  What effects, if any, will things like thermal noise,
power comsumption (what if there is a sudden rise in power comsumption
in another part of the circuit), etc. have on the randomness of the
bitstream?  I'd also appreciate any other suggestions or advice you have on RNGs.
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 1996-01-28 06:36:32
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Banned French Book Online 
As Tim May noted a few messages ago, the French government censored a
book written by the physician to their late president, Francois
Mitterrand. An enterprising fellow in eastern France scanned it into 189
pages of GIF files and put it online.
Now the French police have arrested him, ostensibly on unrelated charges.
I'm putting the complete version of the banned book, _Le Grand Secret_,
online -- you can find it on the following identical sites:
Since the combined size of the files is 9 MB, Seth Finkelstein and I
stripped the images from 4 bpp to 1 bpp (greyscale to monochrome), and
reduced the combined size to 2 MB. The stripped GIF files are on:
             [tar file]
    [compressed tar file]
Related stories and commentary are available at the following identical sites:

@_date: 1996-01-30 05:17:43
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 28-Jan-96 Re: "German service cuts
Ne.. by "James A. Donald" You're actually quoting from an inspired bit of trolling. See my recent
message: "Ernst Zundel impersonator on Usenet"
Whatever he is, Zundel is not an anti-Nazi. He's perhaps the world's
leading holocaust revisionist, and is now living in Canada. He's
well-known to our northern neighbors; his trial for speech crimes went
all the way to the Canadian Supreme Court. His web site is at:
       But I agree with your basic point. For trying to censor the Internet,
German prosecutors are amazingly ignorant idiots.

@_date: 1996-01-31 03:32:32
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: No FV supporters? 
I am rather shocked that after wading through hundreds of msgs of abuse
of Nathaniel and FV I haven't seen one message of support; but perhaps I
missed it.
I agree that the original post seemed very self-serving and was poorly
worded for this audience.  However, that doesn't excuse people from
reading it carefully and thinking about the implications.  FV has argued
time and again that their basic strength is that CC number aren't
available for systematic secretive purloinage.  The concern about
collecting CC# on a large scale is one of the argument given for the
importance of using encryption throughout the internet.  Otherwise
tapping the internet backbone has much the same properties.  I thought
we had already agreed that dumpster diving is a fundamentally smaller
threat to the CC system than backbone tapping.  FV is just pointing out
that another systematic weakness exists in the CC/internet scheme.
Whether this is a new, serious concern for internet commerce seems to be
a useful and important topic for discussion.  Fortunately, the
discussion, acrimonious as it has been has produced fruit.  It looks
like Weld Pond's suggestion of using a random imagemap is an effective
antidote.  Making the attack harder by an order of magnitude at least.
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-02-03 23:43:33
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Germany investigates AOL for providing Zundelaccess 
German prosecutors appear to be using the *threat* of charges to force
AOL and CompuServe to block access to web sites. I suspect they'd rather
not actually file formal charges...
This is escalation. Faced with criminal charges for "inciting racial
hatred" or with enraged customers if they block access to web servers in
the U.S., what will AOL do? Try to block by URL?

@_date: 1996-02-13 14:23:41
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
Exactly. Catharine MacKinnon, for instance, has called the EFF and other
Rimm-debunkers part of the "pro-pornography power block" which
represents the "howling fury of the pornographers protecting their
penises and their wallets."
The Family Research Council, which wrote today's Newsday today, has
launched similar attacks. The FRC is run by Gary Bauer, a former policy
assistant to Reagan and a former undersecretary at the Department of
Education. Now he heads the FRC, the DC-based lobbying extension of
James Dobson's "Focus on the Family." Dobson's history includes serving
on the Attorney General's Commission on Pornography (the Meese
Commission). Bauer also embraced Marty Rimm's cyberporn study as gospel,
calling the ACLU and EFF "porn industry apologists" who are "taking
cheap shots at this comprehensive study."
Thanks to Rob, the Newsday op-ed is at:
   Related articles about the FRC are at:
      ObCrypto: Yes, Know Your Enemies and work with the natural enemies of
the religious right, such as groups like the ACLU and the FEN. The
theocratic push to outlaw nonescrowed crypto is next.

@_date: 1996-02-15 13:20:37
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: CyberAngels 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 13-Feb-96 Re: CyberAngels
I fear the so-called "CyberAngels" more than I do the Feds. At least
with their brand of jackboots, there can be accountability.
The CyberAngels are more like CyberCads, CyberFrauds, or CyberCriminals.

@_date: 1996-02-16 19:44:03
@_author: Zachary R Amsden 
@_subject: Patents and Trademarks invalid 
Here's an idea: whenever someone uploads something like the RC2 source code,
why not have everyone attach it to their .signature?  Is criminal justice
seriously going to pursue tracking down millions of people that did this?
Or would they pull the plug.
Food for thought
(please don't e-mail me about this - I have enough e-mail already.  Post

@_date: 1996-02-18 07:54:33
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Spin Control Alert (LI Newsday, 2/12/96) 
A lawsuit against the atheist would not be effective and could result in
a countersuit for abuse of process.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 15-Feb-96 Re: Spin Control Alert (LI
.. by "E. ALLEN SMITH" (under things

@_date: 1996-02-20 03:07:43
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: True random numbers 
Persi Diaconis gave a talk here last week on pseudorandom generation,
during which he was asked by people didn't use hardware RNGs.  He said
that he wasn't aware of any that passed the standard battery of
statistical tests.
(He also mentioned that nobody had thoroughly tested the
complexity-theoretic generators such as Blum-Micali, and got into a
rather vigorous discussion with a professor who argued that testing
was superfluous.  Diaconis: "You theorists always take that tone!")

@_date: 1996-03-06 14:52:43
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Jump Start ecash With IPhone 
When thinking about ecash-supported net.telephony, consider the attached
FCC PETITIONED TO STOP MISUSE OF THE INTERNET!
WASHINGTON, March 4 /PRNewswire/ -- The America's Carriers
Telecommunication Association (ACTA), a trade association of
competitive, long distance carriers today petitioned the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC) to stop companies from selling
software and hardware products that enable use of the Internet to
voice long distance services.
    A growing number of companies are selling software programs with
ancillary hardware options that enable a computer to transmit voice
conversations.  This, in fact, creates the ability to "by-pass" local,
long distance and international carriers and allows for calls to be
made for virtually "no cost."  For example, on-line service providers
generally charge users around $10.00 for five hours of access and then
around $3.00 for each additional hour.  Five hours equals 300 minutes,
divided by $10 is 3.3 cents per minute.  The average residential long
distance telephone call costs about 22 cents per minute or seven times
as much.
    The Internet is a unique form of wire communications. The rapid
growth of the Internet is stressing the capacities of the Internet
itself. The Internet access points are growing at 50% per month with
subscriber growth running close to 30% per month.  Individuals are
accessing the Internet for more and more business applications such as
market research, news, and advertising with corporate web sites
exploding, to say nothing about using the Internet for E- mail
    ACTA submits that it is incumbent upon the FCC to exercise
jurisdiction over the use of the Internet for unregulated interstate
and international telecommunications services.  Long distance and
international carriers must be approved by the FCC to operate and must
file tariffs before both the FCC and state public service commissions.
All of these requirements are stipulated in the Communications Act of
1934 and the Telecommunications Act of 1996.
    Technology may once again be surpassing government's ability to
control its proper use.  However, the misuse of the Internet as away
to "by-pass" the traditional means of obtaining long distance service
could result in a significant reduction of the Internet's ability to
transport its ever enlarging amount of data traffic. Therefore, ACTA
has petitioned the FCC to define the type of permissible
communications which may be effected over the Internet.
    America's Carriers Telecommunication Association was founded in
1985 by independent long distance companies to serve the needs of
small businesses and to advance the goals of more effective
competition. ACTA's membership today includes over 130 companies
engaged in providing telecommunications services.
CONTACT:  Charles H. Helein, general counsel, 703-714-1301, or Jennifer Durst-
Jarrell, executive director, 407-332-9382, both of America's Carriers
Telecommunication Association

@_date: 1996-03-08 19:13:00
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: U.S. State Dept criticizes Chinese net-censorship 
The U.S. State Department's Human Rights Report for 1995 talks about restrictions on new media in China, pointing out that Internet access is now limited.
How ironic that the U.S. Government would report that "government limits
on Internet access" will harm the medium's growth -- while our _own_
government is imposing similarly suffocating regulations domestically. I draw small comfort from the fact that, as censors, we're not quite as
accomplished as those in China or Zambia:       U.S. State Department Human Rights Report
 In many respects, Chinese society continued to open up:  greater
 disposable income, looser ideological controls, and freer access to
 outside sources of information have led to greater room for individual
 choice, more diversity in cultural life, and increased media reporting.  Although the sale and use of satellite dishes are tightly regulated,
 satellite television broadcasts are widely available, particularly in   coastal areas.  Telephone and facsimile communication is also            extensively used.  In many cities, the introduction of commercial
 Internet service promoted access to international sources of              information.  At year's end, however, new government limits on Internet
 access threatened to halt the growth of Internet use.  In addition, new
 controls on reporting economic information introduced doubts about the
 Government's commitment to freedom of information.  Government control   of news media generally continues to depend on self-censorship to        regulate political and social content, but the authorities also          consistently penalize those who exceed the permissable.

@_date: 1996-03-25 14:37:53
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: LIST OF SHAME VOLUNTEERS 
I spoke to a couple folks about this at the CDA hearings in Philadelphia
last week. Word on the streets from those who would know is that the
Leahy Bill has NOT A CHANCE IN HELL of passing, and so is worth
supporting to raise awareness of crypto.
After DT and Clipper, it's our chance to put Clinton and the DoJ on the
defensive for a change.

@_date: 1996-03-29 19:25:26
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: New crypto bill to be introduced 
At CFP today, we heard about a new crypto bill being introduced
tomorrow, which will be similar to Leahy's bill with the
crypto-being-used-in-furtherance-of-crime portion removed and an
explicit no-government-mandated-escrow provision added.
John Gilmore asked wonderful questions after the moot Supreme Court session.
We have put our "List of Shame" numbers on our nametags.

@_date: 1999-09-07 12:57:54
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
That's rediculous. The mother did not flip because Zona led the child away.
The mother flipped when asked about the photos. This caused Zona to not
want the child to see argument. The mother just has serious problems in
general. She feels justified in trashing the place and throwing the lamp,
which is why she refused the punishment and took 30 days in jail. She,
in the presence of her child, was wrong to get violent. She has a lack of

@_date: 1996-04-06 19:40:23
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: PICS required by laws 
The ACLU is taking the right position here, IMHO. But I sense no
consensus from the coalition of groups in the CDA challenge.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 5-Apr-96 PICS required by law by "E.
ALLEN SMITH" firewall) t
stating that

@_date: 1996-04-09 05:46:26
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) British Study Claims That Photo Credit Cards Don't Work 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 8-Apr-96 (Fwd) British Study Claims
.. by "Deranged Mutant" Fascinating stuff. I've used Mike Godwin's driver's license to buy a
beer when I didn't have mine with me. And, trust me, we look nothing

@_date: 1996-04-09 20:54:02
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: English translation of "Le Grand Secret" complete! 
The English translation of the banned book "Le Grand Secret" is complete!
If your French is a little rusty, and you're curious about the book
that caused the French government such headaches, you may want to
check out:
  A group of volunteers performed this work without compensation. (I
solicited help with the translation by putting a note on my web pages.)
A German translation is now in progress, and I expect to have the text
online by this summer.
   ------------------------------      THE BIG SECRET                                       By Dr. Claude Gubler
   Chapters and translators:
     * Chapter 1
     * Chapter 2
     * Chapter 3 (Michel Eytan)
     * Chapter 4 (Francoise R. Corey)
     * Chapter 5 (Jennifer FitzGerald)
     * Chapter 6 (Jonathan Wallace)
     * Chapter 7
     * Chapter 8 (E. Dean Detrich)
     * Chapter 9 (Kris Shapar)
     * Chapter 10 (Jean-Michel Prima)
     * Chapter 11
     * Chapter 12
     * Chapter 13 (Andrea Crain)
     Because of the sensitive political nature of this work, not everyone
     who helped translate Le Grand Secret into English wished to be
     listed here. Above are the names of those who chose to be
     identified. However, everyone who volunteered deserves thanks for
     donating their time and making this important work available to a
     wider audience.
     Andrea Crain, in particular, has spent endless hours coordinating
     this effort and ensuring the high quality of the final translation.
     Thanks, Andrea, for all your work.
     -Declan McCullagh, April 7, 1996
   ------------------------------

@_date: 1996-04-12 01:34:59
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Know Your Net.Enemies Project 
Would anyone be interested in collaborating on a "Know Your Net Enemies"
We'd start with a resource like Bob Chatelle's excellent web pages at
 and with permission build on
it and list the deceptions and misrepresentations each Net-Enemy has
engaged in -- what each has done to restrict liberty online. We'd
include original documents and links as appropriate.
Who would be listed? Well, there's the family values groups
[AFA/CC/NLC/EE!/FOF/FRC], the green card spammers, Carnegie Mellon
University, Marty Rimm, the Church of Scientology, the Simon Wiesenthal
Center, the NSA, German state prosecutors, Senator Exon, Dorothy
Denning, and so on.
If each collaborator takes a particular group or person, this could be
done relatively quickly. Then we'd put it online at EFF's web site, with
prominent treatment. All contributors would receive full credit for
their work, of course.
Anyone interested? This would be a great resource.

@_date: 1996-04-12 12:58:10
@_author: "Michael C. Peponis" 
@_subject: I have seen the enemy, and it is us (was Know Your Net.Enemies) 
Sure, it's worth a shot, but what is the ultimate goal???
I have noticed that there has been alot of noise about who is doing what, but instead of whining and crying, what are we going to do about it????
Cryptology lets people put an envelope on their communications, which is a significant achievment.  Digital signatures allow for authentication, another acheivement, but what else could be coded?
Sure, it is technicaly possible to set up net sites whos physical location could not be determined without alot of effort, but at that point, the war has already been lost, that practice is just minimizing the extent of the loss.
Seems all the end result is just rialing up everybody, and repeting ad nausum how stupid these people are, like we didn't know that These are not technical problems, they can not be coded out of existance.  The problem is with people, and must be delt with at that Legislation and debate will not do a damm thing, we have our views, others have thiers, and the two will never meet.  Personally, I don't even respect the family groups, national security types, etc, thus I really do not care about thier concerns or feelings, nor do they care for mine.
At some point and time, people are going to decide for themselves what is their freedom worth.  Are they willing to give up all the benifits of a parential govement taking care of them so that they can be truely free.
I would say no, even most people here are all for freedom, as long as it does not cost them anything.
They are all for freedom as long as they don't have to live in fear for their life because absolute freedom means that everybody can do whatever they want, and some people have no problem blowing you away for the stupidest reasons.
Such is human nature, alot of people are not very nice, sorry, that is the way it is.
The other one was "We need a stable enviorment to continue generating captital so we can afford to by new toys"
Again, we have a choice, give up our freedom for the toys, or give up the toys to be free.
As has been said many times before FREEDOM ISN'T FREE.
Michael C. Peponis
Public Key Avalible Via Key Servers, or Finger

@_date: 1996-04-18 02:44:45
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Re[2]: on corporations and subpoenas 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 17-Apr-96 Re[2]: on corporations and
.. by "Adam Pingitore" My dearest Adam:
If I tell you to rot and die, will you "spam my ass" too?
A friend

@_date: 1996-04-20 19:58:59
@_author: Michael B Herf 
@_subject: Re: Dictionary searching code 
I have some anagram code that could be easily adapted to do what you
say.  Basically, it will find any anagram of a word exists in a
dictionary.  This means you can query an arbitrarily large dictionary at
Actually, now that I think about it, it takes 2 seeks, but you could
remove one of them if you were doing a lot of queries.  (i.e. 1+n seeks
for n=number of words.)
Look at ftp://vivarin.res.cmu.edu/pub/scram

@_date: 1996-04-22 04:41:03
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: DC gossip on Mike Nelson 
Just heard from a reliable source: Mike Nelson of the White House Office
of Science and Technology Policy has moved on from the position of
civilian co-chair of the Interagency Key Escrow Alternatives committee
(I think I got that right) and will be replaced by Bruce McConnell,
deputy to Sally Katzen at OMB/OIRA.

@_date: 1996-04-24 15:06:44
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Rabbi Hier Testimony 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 23-Apr-96 Rabbi Hier Testimony by
"E. ALLEN SMITH" The Simon Wiesenthal Center and the ADL would love to outlaw anonymity
on the Net. Here's some info on their attempts to restrict online speech:
CDT report on Hier's testimony at Senate hearing last May:
  ACLU's *detailed* reporting on SWC's longtime net-censorship attempts:
   ADL decries "web of hate":
  ADL research analyst's personal position on Internet hate speech:
  ADL claims information is seductive, needs to be censored:   IHR (biased) reporting on SWC/ADL net-censorship attempts:
   How ADL tries to recruit hackers to sabotage enemies' computers:
   SWC tries to muzzle critics in Argentina, Canada:      SWC exaggerates "hate speech" threat for funding and self-perpetuation:
      The EF Canada web pages also detail how the SWC has been trying to get
the Canadian equivalent of the FCC to regulate the Internet. The ACLU
reports at the URL above how the SWC has tried the same trick here in
the U.S.

@_date: 1996-04-30 15:42:24
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: DRAFT agenda for DC net-conference in early May 
I recently saw a DRAFT agenda for a day-long Net-conference to be held
in early May, hosted by Congressmen Jack Fields and Rick White. Panels
include Future of the Internet, Electronic Commerce, Intellectual
Property, Law Enforcement and Encryption, and Education on the Net.
Highlights include a POSSIBLE luncheon address by The Honorable Newt
Thought DC-area cypherpunks might like an advance heads-up.

@_date: 1996-04-24 18:37:11
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Rabbi Hier Testimony 
I was waiting for Rich to whine about my message criticizing the Simon
Wiesenthal Center. He was good enough to oblige, being the FUCKING
STATIST that he is:
Funny, that. The links I provided were primarily to reports from the
ACLU, CDT, wire dispatches, and firsthand reports by respected
They must be part of the FUCKING STATIST conspiracy to oppress the poor,
beleaguered -- and sadly misunderstood -- free speech advocates at the
Simon Wiesenthal Center! A stinging blow! I can hardly wait for the next.

@_date: 1996-04-25 13:58:11
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Brock Meeks: "The Encryption Clock" 
[Near end, Mike Nelson is quoted insisting that White House wants
voluntary key escrow, etc. --Declan]
The Encryption Clock
                When US Attorney General Janet Reno held a high-profile                  news conference crowing about the first successful use of
                an "Internet wiretap," she set the "Encryption Clock" in
                motion.
                The Encryption Clock (my own invention) is shamelessly
                stolen from the "Doomsday Clock" ginned up by nuclear
                scientists during the Cold War. Since 1947 the Bulletin
                of Atomic Scientists has moved the minute hand on the                   Doomsday Clock forward or backward; the placement was a                 guess by the planet's top minds as to how close the world
                was to full-scale nuclear holocaust. Midnight signaled                  the end of humanity. At the height of Reagan's "Evil                   Empire" rhetoric, the clock was 3 minutes from striking                 12. It was only after the USSR self-destructed that the
                clock was rolled back from the brink, and it now sits at
                14 minutes from 12.
                If the Encryption Clock strikes midnight, we will see the
                FBI's crypto wet dream realized: A ban on encryption                 schemes that were not developed or endorsed by the                    government.
                The ban will be swift and brutal and will come without
                public debate. It will cover the FBI's encryption "hat
                trick," outlawing private encryption during all phone                  calls, modem communications, and even of files stored on                 your hard disk.

@_date: 1996-05-05 06:00:19
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: PICS & CyberAngels 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 3-May-96 PICS & CyberAngels by "E.
ALLEN SMITH" Indeed. Under SafeSurf, I've rated the fight-censorship mailing list
archive site as suitable for all ages, which I believe it is, though the
CyberAngels think otherwise. I wonder what will happen now? SafeSurf is
supposedly sending me "an end-user license agreement" to sign...

@_date: 1996-05-07 14:46:14
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: The FBI/NSA's new escrow argument, DC crypto panel 
I just came back from the Online Services Industry conference held today
in Washington, DC at the Georgetown Four Seasons. It was very much a DC
thing, organized by Congressmen Jack Fields and Rick White (of the
Internet Caucus).
The fourth panel was "Law Enforcement and Encryption in Cyberspace,"
with this set of characters:
 * Edward Allen, supervisory special agent/section chief, FBI
 * Clinton Brooks, advisor to the director, NSA
 * Dorothy Denning, professor, Georgetown University
 * Bruce Heiman, attorney, Preston Gates Ellis & Rouvelas Meeds
 * Jim Lucier, director of economic research, Americans for Tax Reform
 * Marc Rotenberg, director, EPIC
I was expecting fireworks, or at least a few sparks, but the panel
fizzled. Both sides recounted the same threadbare policy positions we've
heard for years, with one exception: the Administration's new argument
against lifting crypto export controls.
Allen and Brooks claimed that "there needs to be a balanced approach,"
arguing that other nations are relying on the U.S. to maintain export
restrictions to prevent it from falling into the grasping fingers of
overseas terrorists. (And yes, they mentioned child pornographers too.)
The FBI's Allen said: "We have talked to our foreign law enforcement
counterparts who are concerned with exporting strong crypto. Crime is
increasing internationally... There is not an international free market
for crypto. To a great degree, other nations have been relying on U.S.
export controls to maintain stasis. What bothers me about efforts being
proposed legally is that we're moving forward without understanding what
we're getting into... The efforts can go to order or chaos. We're in a
period where it could go to chaos."
Denning recounted the tale of a New York state police bust that seized a
computer with PGP, but no files were encrypted: "They hadn't used it. It
was too much trouble." She said that if PGP is more "integrated," more
criminals will use it. "We need to balance interests and provide for
legitimate law enforcement access. Many businesses are supportive of
this," said Denning.
After Rotenberg and the other half of the panel rebutted, Brock Meeks
asked the first question: Isn't it possible that the government may
eventually ban non-third-party escrowed crypto, in a compromise move?
The FBI's Allen ducked, clumsily. Meeks pressed and Brooks from the NSA
allowed: "Over time, if there are advocates and society says we have to
go further then we may have to."

@_date: 1996-05-07 15:42:13
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Police tactics question 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 6-May-96 Police tactics question by
"E. ALLEN SMITH" According to Bruce "Comstock was an amateur" Taylor, it's only legal for
the Feds to let child porn out of their hands if they can monitor it.
That is, they can let the postman deliver it to you, but they'll lie in
wait and grab you when you tear open the envelope.

@_date: 1996-05-15 13:29:25
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Notes from the SF Physical Cypherpunks meeting 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 14-May-96 [NOISE] Re: Notes from the
.. by "Peter Trei" I have some info on current Swedish legislative proposals at

@_date: 1996-05-21 17:12:35
@_author: or was 
@_subject: No Subject 
! > The Australian law is (or was) based on the idea that if you charged
! > someone $2500 for eating the flesh of christ, it then becomes
! > legitimate for the government to check out whether or not the
! > customer was getting actual flesh of Christ. ! ! Well, although it makes for an expensive steak, it is still quite ! cheap considering that in the days of JC, they did not have ! refregirators.  Must have gone to great pains to preserve the stuff!
Mohels suckle the blood from infants with vino as chaser.
The origion of lycanthropy.

@_date: 1996-05-21 17:56:17
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-May-96 Re: SEVERE undercapacity,
w.. by "E. ALLEN SMITH" ultimate-output ends.
Germany is the first one that comes to mind.

@_date: 1996-05-21 17:29:22
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 20-May-96 Re: SEVERE undercapacity,
w.. by "E. ALLEN SMITH" ultimate-output ends.
Actually, in addition to Germany behind hostile, I believe that a bunch
of Scientos were locked up in Spain recently...
Funny that. I was talking to one of the CoS vice presidents last week,
who told me she just returned from a half year in Spain. :)

@_date: 1996-05-22 14:51:32
@_author: to be registered within 7(? 
@_subject: No Subject 
! Theses peoples refuse to register their guns, although it is ! mandatory in canada (to be registered within 7(?) years...)
There has been total firearm registration since 1968.
! > >> >You'll note that the psycho-epistemology necessary to
! > >> >commit murder is quite close to the one necessary to coerce
! > >> >poeples to pay taxes.
You'll note that the psycho-epistemology necessary to
commit murder is quite close to the one necessary to coerce
poeples to pay rent.
! > Not really, only the time in history. Their property was
! > 100% taken, and they were marched to OK from GA. The IRS
! > may be bad...but they aren't THAT bad...[disclaimer: I
! > am (a tiny) part Cherokee.
Consider that many whites feel guilty if they feel they don't have any afro-asian bloodlines.
Consider the dangers of anti-racism to your self-esteem.
! You did not answer my question:  When our local Mohawks accuse the ! white peoples to have stolen their land, I ask "when did I do that?  ! I can't remember..."  I refuse to be held responsible for things that ! were done several hundred years ago.  Period.  As I said, I *never*, ! not even in my early years, believed in original sin.  Then you hold irresponsible refusals.
! > >Are you talking of an open war a la Bosnia?  ! > ! > Hopefully not.
Who can tell how far the anti-racists will go to establish their power cult.
! > and the legitimate self defense
! > options which are peaceful have not been adequately explored. IMO
! > >> Bottom line for me: "Two wrongs don't make a right." ! > >
! > >Please state the basic premise that make you declare what is
! > >"wrong" in the context of AP.
They Always lie on racial issues.
! I am sorry, but I do not accept that as a valid argument.  What if ! somebody came to take away your means of feeding your kids?
! What if somebody was menacing you or your kids?
! There are instances, as you seem to agree, when killing is justified. ! What is meant by the sentence is: Thou shalt not initiate lethal ! violence.  ! > Taxation is theft, I fail to see your point. Well, depends.  Anti-racism is theft.

@_date: 1996-05-23 15:30:38
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: FTC online workshop on privacy 
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 22-May-96 Re: FTC online workshop on .. by
"E. ALLEN SMITH" disappointed in
You shouldn't be, and I should have been more clear. There is a broad
coalition of groups supporting this legislation, including (from memory)
the Kids off Lists! project, Center for Media Education, and Consumer
Federation of America.
I'm putting together a writeup of the press conference today and the
language of the bill. More on this later tonight.

@_date: 1996-05-25 15:38:31
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Children's Privacy Act 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 24-May-96 Re: Children's Privacy Act
by "E. ALLEN SMITH" over; it
I won't argue that.
But I tend to think of my (and individual) privacy rights as ones that
should receive greater attention than a businesses "privacy rights." If
they have mailing list info on me, I'd like to know where they got it.

@_date: 1996-06-08 16:37:13
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Wasting time and bandwidth on Bell 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 7-Jun-96 Wasting time and bandwidth
.. by "P.J. Ponder" One of 'em just emailed me saying just that.

@_date: 1996-06-10 15:30:48
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: More on LolitaWatch 
CDA Watch: DoJ Proposes Tagging Underage Users
     According to the press release, Nubility Inc. had released
     LolitaWatch, a network utility that detects "nubile young teens"
     online by checking for the federally mandated "age bit" in TCP/IP
     packets. But like the original novel, which parodied an older man's
     lust for a lascivious teen, LolitaWatch is a hoax, designed to
     illustrate the dangers of attaching age information to this
     workhorse Internet protocol.
     The proposal for an age bit is a serious one. Advanced during the
     Philadelphia court challenge to the Communications Decency Act
     (CDA), it's part of what American Library Association (ALA) attorney
     Bruce Ennis calls the Department of Justice's (DoJ's) "efforts to
     redefine the way the CDA is written."
     If the high court strikes down the CDA, Congress will try again.      Jack Fields (R-Texas), chair of the House telecommunications            subcommittee, said in May: "We should be ready with a              response--[pornography] is a real problem. I have a six-year old and
     I get concerned about that. I want a real solution that works. The
     CDA was driven by emotion and not by real policy."
     Forty years ago, media hype gave Lolita a reputation as an obscene
     novel and prompted the French, Argentine, and New Zealand                governments to censor it. But Vladimir Nabokov's work contained not
     one explicitly sexual passage. Without reading the book, customs
     agents never knew that it was a sad parody of an old man's fantasy
     lust for a young girl.
     The Net censors seem to have found in the Internet a modern           Lolita--which they understand just about as well as the 1950s        customs agents understood Nabokov.
     --Declan McCullagh

@_date: 1996-06-12 20:16:52
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: HotWired article on NEW bill to let FCC set net-stds, repeal CDA 
I spoke with Rep. Lofgren for a while today while I was writing this
piece. I believe she's genuinely well-intentioned, but doesn't
understand the issues. Visit HotWired's web site for the full report.
   The Hydra
   HotWired Special Report
   by Brock N. Meeks and Declan McCullagh
   Washington, DC, 11 June    A bill that would attempt to "fix" the potential harm of the
   Communications Decency Act was dropped into the legislative boneyard
   late yesterday by freshman Representative Zoe Lofgren (D-California).
   The bill, dubbed the "Internet Freedom and Child Protection Act,"
   provides neither.
   [...]
   Then there are her loopy additions. All Internet service providers,
   under government mandate, will become vendors of "blocking software"
   such as SurfWatch or Cyber Patrol. Lofgren's bill says that all new
   ISP customers must be provided, either free or at a fee, "screening
   software that is designed to permit the customer to limit access to
   material that is unsuitable for children." Of course, nowhere does she
   define what "unsuitable" means.
   However, such vagueness didn't stop Lofgren from proposing that the
   Federal Communications Commission move into the business of setting
   commercial software standards. Under this bill, the FCC is required to
   "prescribe minimum technical standards for screening software."
   [...]
   How does the FCC feel about a new proposed role as "software
   commissioner?" Frankly, they'd rather not be involved, according
   to Mark Corbitt, technology policy advisor to Chairman Reed Hundt.

@_date: 1996-06-15 16:03:41
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Does information want to be free? 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 14-Jun-96 Does information want to
be.. by "Mark M." ObPlug: _Le Grand Secret_ is at .
Last month I inteviewed a French government official in conjunction with
an article I was writing. I confess I was amused by how he described
those Internet anarchists who delighted in publicizing books that should
in fact be restricted.

@_date: 1996-06-16 18:09:34
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: More info on this? 
I believe the folks at EPIC played a key part in this move by Lexis/Nexis.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 16-Jun-96 More info on this? by
"Deranged Mutant"

@_date: 1996-06-23 17:20:34
@_author: David Rochberg 
@_subject: Re: CFS Questions (protocol? safer/idea linkings?) 
ftp://research.att.com/dist/mab/cfs.ps is Blaze's CFS paper (which I
was silly not to read before my last post to cfs-users).  It should
answer many of your questions.
The answer to your "why so muany keys" question is that CFS uses two
keys per attachment (2 * 64 per hybrid-3DES instance * 2 instances =
256).  This is an attempt to foil structural analysis of the
files---under ECB mode alone, identical parts of the file will be
encrypted to identical ciphertext.
To encrypt data, CFS first XORs the data with a long (.5 Mbyte,
according to the paper) repeated psuedo-random mask.  The mask is
generated by running the cipher in OFB mode with one of the keys.
Then the result of the XOR is encrypted in ECB mode with the other
key.  (There's some other optional XORing that goes on as well---read
the paper).
The passphrase->key bit is based on SHS.  Take a look at new_pwcrunch
in getpass.c in your distribution.

@_date: 1996-06-29 13:44:16
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: crypto and bagpipes [NOISE] 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 27-Jun-96 Re: crypto and bagpipes
[NO.. by "Perry E. Metzger" Hmm... Carnegie Mellon University is the only school in the country with
a bagpipe major, you know. You haven't lived until you've heard a
screeching 'pipe at 3 am in front of Hunt Library.

@_date: 1996-07-07 08:02:40
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: NYT/CyberTimes on CWD article 
It seems that these companies are going to have a problem as long as
they use lists of *excluded* sites.  Forget insight into company
policy; these are global indices of "smut" on the net.  (The lists of
the more liberal companies are probably most attractive to those not
titillated by NOW position papers.)
They have to give you the list, and they have to give you software
that uses it, so there's no way to achieve complete secrecy.  I think
the best they can do is to distribute a list of hashed URLs.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1996-07-08 22:53:48
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: NYT/CyberTimes on CWD article 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 7-Jul-96 Re: NYT/CyberTimes on CWD
a.. by "Deranged Mutant" The software can't tell. Take webcom.com, where some ~perv directories
are blocked and some /users/perv directories are blocked by CyberPatrol.

@_date: 1996-07-18 12:50:07
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Washington Post -- "Block but Verify" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 17-Jul-96 Re: Washington Post --
"Blo.. by "Bruce M." Some products do, some don't. SurfWatch is ON or OFF. CyberPatrol has a
dozen categories.

@_date: 1996-07-18 12:53:15
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Surf-filter lists 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 16-Jul-96 Re: Surf-filter lists  by
"Vladimir Z. Nuri" L.D. fails to say why NOW and gay history sites and gun rights sites and
EFF and LPF and SAFE @ MIT and HotWired should be blocked. He also fails
to understand that Brock and I both wrote the article. He finally fails
to understand that CyberPatrol's categories are anything but clear.

@_date: 1996-07-19 16:27:17
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: TLA abuse (?) [non-crypto, mostly] 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 18-Jul-96 Re: TLA abuse (?)
[non-cryp.. by "Clay Olbon II" The Knox case established that lascivious exhibition of the genitals
(required for conviction) could take place when the kid was clothed. In
that case, the girls were dancing around wearing leotards.
I have my cites at work.

@_date: 1996-07-26 12:46:41
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
Right.  Of course, you're implicitly assuming not only that this bunch
of bank robbers is rational, but that they're familiar with
mathematical induction.  :->
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1996-07-30 07:33:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "Soft Targets" as Schelling Points 
I see no coordination problem here.  Schelling points are a useful
concept when you have several actors, each of whom benefits from
making the same choice as the others.  Here, I think you want to say
"soft targets are easy to attack".
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1996-07-31 07:58:40
@_author: e.g., where does each think a meeting will occur 
@_subject: Re: "Soft Targets" as Schelling Points 
This isn't EconPunks, so I'll just say I haven't seen the term used
except in the context of tacit coordination (see  for some examples).  There is
some coordination here, I guess: terrorists and television crews both
benefit from being in the same place when the bomb goes off.  But this
probably isn't a driving motivation for either.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1996-09-05 19:32:51
@_author: Rebecca L Madden 
@_subject: up 
it's three o four.
I'm up.
Becky Madden
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge-
That myth is more potent than history.
I believe that dreams are more powerful than facts-
That hope always triumphs over experience-
That laughter is the only cure for grief.
And I believe that love is stronger than death.
    -Robert Fulghum

@_date: 1996-10-07 00:09:56
@_author: "Michael Peponis" 
@_subject: Re: Missionaries (was: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK) 
Simple, the average shuck does not have the backbone to stand up for something he/she thinks is full of garbage.
They would rather let the bullshit slide than to make an issue of it, and risk being ostersized or worse.
Peace and Tranqility are what people want, not truth(which is relative) and freedom(which is not).
I guess I should clarify the distiction.  Truth is subjective, there are many things I think are true, but I can't prove them beond a shadow af a doubt.
Absolute freedom is easy, it boils down to one simple question.  "Can I do what ever I want".  If the answer is yes, I am free, if the answer is no, I am not free.

@_date: 1996-10-20 09:26:47
@_author: "Michael Peponis" 
@_subject: Re: Writing A Remailer 
Developing these things is actually eaiser to do in UNIX than I guess it depends on where you wish to being.  Do you wish to write a remailer from scratch, or do you wish to just run a remailer?
In either case, take a look at what other people have done, one site I like is ftp.hacktic.nl, there is source for a number of remailers there, among other things.
You could compile that, and see what you like and dislike about a given remailer, and then adjust the code appropriatly.
Most are written in C, so if you know C, you won't have very many One thing to note, UNIX privilages, you would want to run your remailer as a deamon, a constantly running program(similar to a  DOS TSR or NT Service). I am not sure if your ISP gives you enough access to run deamons.
Good Luck
Michael Peponis

@_date: 1996-10-22 15:37:56
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Re: [DES] Criteria for Key Recovery target. 
E(time) with all trial keys distinct:         1/N Sigma^N i = N/2 = 2^55.
E(time) for random trials:
        1/N + (N-1)/N (1 + E(time))
        so E(time) = N = 2^56.
Centralized keyspace handling is a clear lose, IMO.  The RC4-40
project had server problems; scaling up by another 2^16 would be
non-trivial.  Then there are problems with malicious searchers,
corrupt servers, flaky networks... all this for a factor of two?
(And, admittedly, the reduction in variance.)
To rain on the parade a bit, what this discussion says to me is that
most applications of DES are safe from net cracking for a few years

@_date: 1996-11-08 08:31:39
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Peter's point: If everyone in the US wants a ban on strong crypto,
excepth the people on this list and the million-odd terrorists who are
using strong crypto to murder, rape, pillage, etc., then strong crypto
will be banned.
If I understarn your point, Peter, you are correct. However, there
probably won't be thousands of terrorist folks who can't be caught
because of their expert use of strong crypto. I mena, half the mad
bombers in the US try to get their deposit back on the vans that they
used to blow up buildings. Do you think these people will be able to
effectively use crypto?
Furthermore, terrorrim and etc do not depend upon secure
communications to work. People tend to be able to talk face-to-face in
isolated environs, this is just as effective as a good public-key
cryptosystem. Crypto won't suddenly protect the types of people who
are professional killers/terrorists from scrutiny. It meerly would
allow them to communicate securely over distances of more than 10
feet. This, IMO, is not much of a win for them.
So, you're right. Given the proper conditions, strong crypto could
probably be mostly stopped. However, these conditions are quite
unlikely to arise.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-15 19:23:57
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: ideal secure personal computer system 
It is possible, although it does break things, for example ResEdit and
AppleTalk. Then again, locking a disk doesn't gain you much security.
A good locking screen saver is essential, however, a driver level
password checker (which is what I assume Norton is) is not that
helpful. "Look ma! I stole Adam Gulkis's hard disk, now the secrets of the
 screaming viking lie open before me!" "That's nice dear, why don't you pop it in the machine and show your
 father?" "Okay  Awww, Jeez, he used Norton
 DiskLock, I can't mount the drive."
"Here's a Silverlining disk, just 'update' the driver."
"Aw, thanks mom!"
You really do need to encrypt the drive, otherwise methods such as
replacing the drivers or reading the disk with a microscope will
extract the data quite easily.
A friend of mine just got back from a kerberos conferance at MIT, at
dinner one night they were talking about fun-n-easy ways to extract
data from a machine. One of them mentioned that after a while, a "on"
bit in RAM tends to leak out onto the surrounding sillicon, providing
a record of your memory. I'd imagine that your PGP passphrase sitting
in one location in memory for a few days would burn itself in pretty
good. The solution to this problem is to invert your RAM every once in
a while, so each bit is on and off for about the same amount of time.
I wonder if it'd be possible to build a device that goes between your
motherboard and your SIMMs that would invert and decode your RAM. I
could see wierd timing issues popping up, but I don't know enought
about OSes and computer architecture to know.
Of course, no computer is "secure" without a thermite charge above the
hard drive, and a tamper-resistant case.
"Well, Billy, the Sevret Service is here, they want to take away your
 computer (and telephone, and cassette tapes ,and etc.)"
"Okay, mom. It's right over here, Mr. Scarry Secret Service dude."
 "Ffffffts"
"Hey, Billy, what's that smoke coming out of your computer?" "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-18 23:18:49
@_author: Michael Higgins 
@_subject: Re: The Utility of Privacy 
Forgive me if I missed it, but there seems to have been little
discussion of the link between privacy and identity in this thread.
(The list is so noisy that I miss a lot of things.)
On most computer systems, one's identity is represented by some
secret, whether it's a login password or a private key.  Obviously, to
maintain the integrity of the identity the secret must be protected
which requires privacy.
Now whether or not I have "something to hide", I very much want to
protect my identity from being usurped.  (He who steals my purse
steals trash...)
Now is it the case that people are interested in stealing identities?
Certainly.  My account on the CMU Andrew system (where this is being
written) was compromised once.  Not out of any animosity toward me,
but simply as a platform to launch a hacking attack on some other
system.  (Universities, and I suspect other networks, are rife with
packet sniffers.  Having been burned once, I rely tremendously on
encrypted connections.)
This is not to say that one's identity-secret is the only secret worth
protecting.  But I thought I'd mention it as something to think about.
P.S. In a way, credit card numbers are identities --- the fact that we
just hand them out to people is very disconcerting.  (I'm told that
most credit card fraud is by vendors.)

@_date: 1996-11-22 07:18:01
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Bounties 
Regarding the idea of setting up markets (or bounties) for software, I'd
like to direct your attention to the Idea Futures scheme.  This is
currently embodied as a web server at:
    There is some background on the idea by Robin Hanson who talks
extensively about using it as a funding mechanism.  In addition there is
a whole suit of market claims denominated in fake money.
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-11-23 22:26:07
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: IPG Algorith Broken! 
A cryptosystem is given a key by the user.  A block cipher uses it to
encrypt chunks of plaintext, perhaps 8 bytes long.  (This is an
oversimplification.)  A stream cipher uses it to generate a pseudorandom
sequence that is combined with the plaintext.  IPG's product is a stream
The first problem is the name "OTP".  A one-time pad is a well-defined
thing, and this isn't it; they'd like to be associated with the term
because the one-time pad is in fact provably secure.
So they have a stream cipher.  Is it a good stream cipher?  Well, nobody
knows, because no cryptanalysts have taken the time to attack it.  There
aren't all that many who publish in the open literature, and there are
thousands of amateur proprietary schemes out there -- who has the time?
If it were designed by someone known to be competent (RC4), or if it
were widely used (pkzip), somebody might think it worth looking at.
If you're not a cryptanalyst yourself (and I'm not, but at least I know
it!), all you have to go on is the history of similar schemes.  This is
not encouraging; there are outfits which for a moderate fee will crack
the proprietary encryption offered by dozens of popular products.  IPG's
history is even less encouraging
Maybe this one's different from all of those.  How valuable a secret
would you like to wager on that?  If IPG wants credibility, they should
retain a respected cryptographer, or several, to attack their scheme.
(Or just publish Don's proof of unbreakability.  Since the scheme is
provably _not_ information-theoretically secure, this must be a proof of
computational security, presumably a superpolynomial lower bound.  And
as the scheme is trivially breakable in NP time, Mr. Wood is sitting on
a _major_ result, a resolution to the central problem in computational
complexity theory: a proof that P != NP.  Do publish, sir.)

@_date: 1996-12-11 18:44:10
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Check out today's Salon 
A less obnoxious URL is
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
prefixes), but they'll get over it when they see the benefits, and how
it frees up their time so they can watch more TV or play on the Internet.

@_date: 1997-01-07 17:34:57
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Get Quick Results! 
***** The BEST Way for YOU to Market Successfully *****
********5 Million E-mail Addresses Available ********
Nothing works better than mass e-mail to get quick results.  Nothing!  There are plenty of programs you could buy such as Floodgate to pull your own addresses however, these programs (even when used properly) can take up to 6 months
just to pull as many as 750,000 addresses!  And after THAT time has elapsed you're database will have plenty
of addresses that are undeliverable.  Why wait?  Get started by using our SUPER responsive list that was generated just last month!  We purchase current lists
Imagine 5 Million deliverable addresses that can bring you more orders than you have ever seen!!!  Imagine, the potential profits from your offer(s)!  If you only get
1/2 of a percent that's 25,000 orders!!!
These addresses can be mailed using Pegasus or other
mailing programs.  Everything has been saved in a text
(.txt) format.  Each group of names comes in lots of 100,000.
You can mail any quantity you wish!  Just drop the quantity
you want to send and that's it!
This list originally cost over $3000.  I'm offering the complete list
for only $159. That's right OVER 5 MILLION addresses for only $159.  Think
about it.  If you get just 1/2 of a percent that's 25,000 orders!!!
Do you think you could turn a profit?
This list will be sold to ONLY the first 25 people who respond.  PLUS, I'll include FREE... a special report that will show you how to mass e-mail without losing your dial-up account.  Also, this report
will show you where to get a bullet proof space and e-mail account for mass mailing.  This report alone is worth the purchase price.  Let's face it, if you can't mail successfully then what good are the If you ever wanted to see a ton of orders come pouring in this is the ONLY WAY it can happen for so little money.
This incredible offer will expire after 25 sales.
Don't delay act now!
Have questions?  Call 714-288-6227  FAX your order to: 714-288-6233
********************* ORDER FORM *******************
Yes, RUSH me the entire 5 million e-mail addresses right away for just $159!
(Print this out and Fax it to 714-288-6233)
E-mail Address:_______________________________
Phone Number:_______________________________
I wish to pay by:      ( Check One )
Master Card:_____ VISA:_____ American Express:_____ Check:_____ Money Order:_____
Card Number:__________________________________
Exp. Date:_______________
Once we have recieved your order you will be notified by e-mail immediately where to download this offer.  ***I also do bulk mailing if you want to have me send your ad out. The
price is $199.95 per 100,000 e-mail addresses and I'll place your Home page on a server for 1 month.  This way you never have to worry about
losing your space account.
If you want to be removed from our mailing list just hit "reply" and put
"remove".  You will be remove pronto!

@_date: 1997-04-16 05:56:51
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: A Rumor and Reputation Paradox... 
Re: Rumor's regarding Tommy Hilfinger's remakrs, I'm not sure it's as
simple as he said/he didn't say. True, he didn't spurt racism on
Oprah, however, has some quotes that indicate that he might very well have made
comments derisive to black culture if he *had been on Oprah. Mayhaps
the reason that the rumors are so persistant is that they are so
plausible. In that case, maybe they shouldn't been seen so much as a
failure of the reputation economy...
Qoutes from Tommy Hil:
"Many of these people would rather have a Rolex than a home"
"I don't condone violence, and I think 'gangsta rap' should be
 outlawed, but the music is powerful because the musicians are
 irreverent and don't follow the rules. I don't tell them where to  make their money, and I don't tell them where to spend their money."
Tommy Hil and other "street" fashion designers are about exploitation.
There is no respect or community there. I suspect the rumors' success
in bsed on that. They are false, but they represent truthful
Bleah, enought literary criticism for today,
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-05-04 20:25:55
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: YOU ARE APPROVED! 
$4000 MAJOR CREDIT CARD... GUARANTEED!!
EVERYONE QUALIFIES...UNSECURTED CREDIT CARD!!!
*  NO Credit Checks!
*  NO SSN Number Required!
*  Major Credit Card $4000 Limit, UNSECURED!!
*  4.95% Interest Rate Per Annum!
*  LINE OF CREDIT...$15,000 UNSECURED, 5.95% Interest Rate Per Annum!
*  Offshore For Complete Financial Privacy!
*  WORLDWIDE Acceptance At More Than 8 MILLION Locations!
*  INSTANT CASH ADVANCES At More Than 350,000 Banks & ATM's!!
*  MLM With $25.00 Fast Start Bonus!
*  3X6 Forced Matrix... With High Demand, You'll Fill It Within 30 Days!!
                          ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED!!!!!
For complete information AND application go to:
FAX ON DEMAND:  415-273-6168 Doc# 1
*IMPORTANT*   In order for your application to processed properly, please use sponsor id# 542                           ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED!!!!!

@_date: 1997-05-25 01:38:19
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Check this one out! 
You have got to check out this awesome web page I found!!!
CLICK HERE TO GO TO THE WEB PAGE !!! [ you must be over 18 years of age to access it.  :) ]

@_date: 1997-05-25 12:38:36
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: You have got to check this one out! 
You have got to check out this awesome web page I found!!!
CLICK HERE TO GO TO THE WEB PAGE !!! [ you must be over 18 years of age to access it.  :) ]

@_date: 1997-06-16 05:06:43
@_author: submitking@[205.199.2.191] 
@_subject: Congratulations!  We found your website! 
Greetings from SUBMITKING, the leader in automated URL submissions!  We found your website using our high-technology, specially designed, "web
crawling" software.  Unfortunately, most people don't have access to this
type of technology.  But we can help!
As you're aware, most people find websites using any number of popular (and
sometimes not so popular) search engines and other marketing resources (like
"Site of the Day" (Week, Month, etc.)).  But who has the hours and hours to spend searching the Web to find these resources and THEN submit the information to each one?  We did it for you!
SUBMITKING has taken thousands of man hours to research the top resources
people use to find what they need on the Internet.  With even more hours we have written special software for each individual resource so that with the information from one form you fill out we can register YOUR site with each of these resources as well as you could do it yourself...if you had 20 or so hours on your hands. Sure, we charge for this service.  It's $19.95 for submission to all 200
resources.  Which works out to less than a dime each.  If you COULD do each
site in just 5 minutes (paying yourself .10 each) you'd do 12 an hour (thus
earning a whopping $1.20 per hour).
Probably 50 or 100 visitors to your site is all it would take to see a huge
return on your investment.  It's a logical thing to do when you consider all
the benefits you stand to gain from being listed in 200 places. That being
said we can say no more.  We simply invite you to visit the site at
 and Thank-you for your time.
Kind regards,

@_date: 1997-07-21 01:56:29
@_author: $20 Value 
@_subject: MLM Still Giving You the Shaft? 
MLM still giving you the SHAFT?
Driving Hard?       Getting Nowhere?
You're just in the wrong vehicle!!
Now You Can Turn Your Computer into a "CASH" Register!
Our Software will turn your Computer into a never ending source of CASH!
Have Thousands of Customers Paying You "Cash
In Advance" for Information only YOU can Provide!
No Application, No Inventory, No Corporate Office,
NO Meetings, NO Monthly Purchases, NO Products.... NO BULL!!!
JUST CASH!           Lots & Lots of CASH!!!
Download the software for FREE! ($20 Value)
CASH AND LEADS for                 YOUR BUSINESS...YOUR BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!
BRAND NEW!!!
This is NOT MLM and you have NEVER seen anything like it.!!!!!
* No applications * No inventory * No Recertifications * No Corporate Office * No attorney generals * No meetings * No Binary, Matrix or unilateral pay scale * No 70% Rule * No Social Security Number * No Up or Downlines * No 3 way calls * No Flushing * No Quotas * No Hassle * No Brainer * No BULL JUST CASH IN THE MAIL TO YOU WITH LEADS,                         MORE CASH AND MORE LEADS!
There is NO Company to screw things up!
YOU are the Company!
Download our FREE Software now at......
            LIVE CONFERENCE CALLS
            TUESDAYS & THURSDAYS
               (916) 689-4529
     12NOON - 3PM - 6PM - 10PM & MIDNIGHT
        SUNDAYS - 10PM AND 1AM MONDAY
                (EASTERN TIME)
                FAX ON DEMAND
                (913) 383-5776
             TOLL FREE INFO LINE
            24 HOUR 3 MIN. MESSAGE
                888-220-5808
Download the software and see what you think.
This is going through the networking industry like diarrhea. Like a squirrel thrown into a room full of hound dogs!!! PEOPLE WANT THE DISK!!!!
TO GET LEADS TO MAKE THEIR EXISTING BUSINESS GROW AND MAKE MONEY GETTING THEIR LEADS TOO!!!!!!!!
Be Your Own Boss!  Really!  Own Your Own Software Company!
This Unique Software if fabulous! You Own it, and You can Sell it! Are You Tired of "The Company" not getting Your Checks in the Mail? Are You Tired of "The Company" not doing what they said they would do?
In Mega$Nets You are the Owner of Your Own Company...
You're in charge of the Money. Once you own it you always own it, and can sell as much as you please. Look at it Now before Your Downline Shows it to you, because they will be showing it to you!
I GUARANTEE You Have Never Seen Anything As POWERFUL And Filled With More BENEFITS!  This is going through the networking industry like a STEAMROLLER!
download the software NOW!!!

@_date: 1997-07-07 18:16:17
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: I Lost 4 lbs. in 4 Days...Without Dieting!!! 
EAT THE FOODS YOU LOVE
NO WILL POWER REQUIRED
Anyone who has struggled to lose weight, like I did, can tell you DIETS ALONE DON'T WORK !  That's because the difference between thin and overweight individuals has more to do with metabolic rate than what they eat.  It's believed most lean individuals have a
metabolism designed to BURN FAT !
We have designed a product that works
several ways to help you achieve maximum
results from your weight-loss program. This
unique blend of herbs, botanicals and Chromium
Picolinate, improves your metabolism so
your body relies more on stored fat and less on stored proteins.
"LOSE THE FAT....
       NOT THE MUSCLE"
Typically, up to 30% of lost weight is
muscle.  This lowers your metabolic rate and
slows calorie-burning.  This lowered metabolic
rate makes it hard to keep lost pounds from
creeping back.  Result: the "Yo-Yo" syndrome
in which weight is repeatedly lost and then regained.  After each lose-gain cycle the portion of fat increases.
To break this vicious cycle, it is important
to lose only fat while maintaining, or even increasing muscle.  Studies show that optimal
chromium nutrition is an effective part of long-term
fat-loss programs.  Our unique formula of specialized herbs and botanicals is coupled with the best source of chromium available,
patented Chromium Picolinate.
HERE'S EVIDENCE !
Several double-blind crossover studies
conducted along with clinical and laboratory
tests at a leading university and hospital have proven that the ingredients in this product are Without changing dietary or exercise
habits, over a six-week period, subjects in separate studies lost an average of 23% body fat or
approximately 4.4 lbs. of fat, and increased lean body mass by 1.5 lbs.
People over the age of 46 did even better,
and women seemed to do the best.  People
with elevated cholesterol levels averaged a 10%
drop in LDL cholesterol.
          WHAT EXACTLY IS       CHROMIUM PICOLINATE?
It's a bioactive chromium with clinically
proven benefits.  Chromium is vital to
good health and is essential for the efficient
functioning of insulin.  Poor responsiveness to insulin is common and is linked with increased
risk of being overweight, heart disease, elevated
blood fat, high blood presure and diabetes.
Over 90% of American diets provide much
less than the minimal amount of chromium
recommended by The National Academy
of Science.  Most forms of chromium are not
easily absorbed by the body, but chromium
picolinate, being bioactive, is easily absorbed.
In fact, it has been shown to reduce body fat,
lower cholesterol and even reduce elevated
block-sugar in diabetics.
THE DIET BREAKTHRU OF THE CENTURY !!
"Over the last 10 years, I have tried a variety of weight loss methods, spent thousands of dollars and failed at all of them.  By December 1995, I
was the heaviest I had ever weighed-235 lbs.
I had no energy.  My self-esteem had hit rock
bottom... I was introduced to Thermo Lift and have never looked back! My energy level has
boosted and my weight loss increased... In total
I have lost 70 lbs. and went from a size 22 to a
size 12.  The most amazing part - It's So Easy!"
"I began using Thermo-Lift the seventh week of gymnastics training to achieve a specific result: a
washboard stomach.  By the end of the eighth week
all I could see were solid stomach muscles!  I
recommend Thermo-Lift to all my muscle therapy
clientele for its superior fat burnng and muscle toning
abilities."   Chris
"I had tried everything to lose weight but nothing worked.
With Thermo-Lift I was amazed at how quickly I lost
weight - 4 pounds in 4 days! My energy level has sky rocketed and it's helped me curb my chocolate  binges.  Thanks!!"       Gloria
      100% SAFE AND NATURAL!
       THE INGREDIENTS
Chromium Picolinate: Helps your body use stored fat for
energy while maintaining lean muscle mass.
Bee Pollen:  Effective for combating fatigue,
depression, and colon disorders.
Siberian Ginseng:  Is a good source of energy and
endurance, as well as mental and physical vigor.
Gota Kola:  Aids in the elimination of excess fluids, fights fatigue and depression.
Guarana Extract:  Increases mental alertness and fights
fatigue.  A very high energy source.
Ma Huang Extract:  Helps to increase energy; controls
Also includes:  White Willow Bark, Bladderwrack, Reishi Mushroom, Rehmannia Root, Ginger Root,
Licorice Root, and Astralagus.
     NUTRITIONAL BREAKTHROUGH!
Now You Can Safely Shed Unwanted Fat -
Without Dieting Or Strenuous Exercise!  It's The
Way To Firm Up Without Giving Up The Food
You Love!
            IT'S SO EASY !
All You Do Is Take One Capsule Twice A Day!
No Messy Powders! No Starvation Diets! You'll
Lose Weight And Feel Great!
          IT REALLY WORKS!
Thermo Lift Improves Your Metabolism So Your
Body Burns Excess Fat!  The Result Is A Leaner, Trimmer, Firmer Physique!!
     Order your Thermo-Lift today!
     One - month supply is only $32.95
Fill out and Mail In:
YES!! Please rush me a one - month supply of Thermo-Lift!  Enclosed is a check/money order for
Email Address:____________________
Mail to:
Dynamic Marketing Solutions
Dept. DVL707
10506 Eagle Glen
Houston, Tx 77041
The information contained in the report was derived from many medical,
nutrional and media publications.  It is not intended for medical or nutritional
claims but for information and educational purposes.  Please consult a health
professional should the need for one be indicated.
This is a NO DIET, NO WILL POWER, easy  to LOSE WEIGHT!!
Lose Weight, Eliminate FATIGUE, and FEEL GREAT!!!

@_date: 1997-07-26 02:47:18
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Send Your Message to 50 Million---at "INSANE SPEED" !! 
50 MILLION EMAIL ADDRESSES...
EARN INSANE PROFITS WITH THE RIGHT FORMULA
If you have a product, service, or message that you would like to get out to Thousands, Hundreds of Thousands, or even Millions of people, you have several options.Traditional methods include print advertising, direct mail, radio, and television advertising. They are all effective, but they all
have two catches: They're EXPENSIVE and TIME CONSUMING. Not only that, you only get ONE SHOT at making your message heard, by the right people.
The INTERNET, the "Global Communications Frontier" has changed this dramatically, including making countless individuals wealthy. "Electronic Marketing," as it's commonly referred to, has effectively leveled the playing fields of all types businesses.
Gulf Coast Marketing has been in the online marketing business for  4 years. We can help make your goals come true. We have helped many individuals succeed in marketing their product effectively. It's very simple to do. In fact soon you will have the problem of what to do with all the cash you will make from sending out bulk email. Here are just a couple of many true success stories we have seen...
" I was trying to market computer equipment on the Internet with limited success.   I bought 5 million e-mail addresses and the Stealth
Mass Mailer from Gulf Coast Marketing and within the first two weeks
I sold over 500 modems.  At a profit of $50 each I made over $25,000"
T.S. --- Dallas
I bought the Stealth Mass Mailer and 10 million e-mail addresses from
Gulf Coast Marketing in March.  Within two months I was making so much
money that I was able to quit my job and do my internet marketing business
full time."
K.B.  Web Page Designer--- FL
Those were just two of the many success stories we hear everyday. It may all sound to good to be true. Well, we can tell you this. It really does work. Why else are so many individuals doing it? They are not just wasting their time. They are all making mega bucks.
                   HERE'S THE BOTTOM LINE
                                     AND
                WHAT WE CAN DO FOR YOU
Here is what you get when you order today!
Multiple files of 100,000 or greater (no codes needed to open files). You will receive email addresses of the following domains... AOL, PRODIGY, COMPUSERVE, DELPHI, GENIE, JUNO, PIPELINE, EARTHLINK,
INTERAMP, MSN, NETCOM and MILLIONS OF  OTHER MIXED EMAIL ADDRESSES
 (.com, .net). All names listed above are separated by domain name for
 your convenience.
PLUS THESE BONUS SPECIALS...
E-mail program that will mail up to 250,000 messages per hour.  With
Stealth Mass Mailer you can send your message to millions of people every day.  Imagine the response!   AND Stealth Mass Mailer will
disguise your dial-up account to make it untraceable.  Never lose your
dial-up account again.   The registered version of Stealth sells for $399
The free evaluation version will work for 10 days after intallation before requiring registration codes.  Plenty of time to send you offer to millions.
bulk emailer in the world. You can test drive it for free.
de-compressing a compressed file. It will come in handy when dealing with files of zip format.
Plus Yet Another Bonus...
"The Complete Internet Business Starter Kit"  Includes "The Information Freeway"  The most up-to-date information
for marketing on the Internet.   Also contains over 300 of the latest best
selling reports.   Comes with full reprint and resale rights
YOU GET EVERYTHING FOR ONLY $499...
UPDATE... SAVE $200 AND ORDER WITHIN 5 DAYS!
We have previously sold the Starter Kit alone for over $200. Now you can have the complete package for the low price of only $295!
All lists are completely free of any Duplicates. We also on a continual basis, add New Names and Remove Undeliverables and Remove Requests. The result is the Cleanest Email Addresses Available Anywhere to use over and over again, for a FRACTION of the cost that other companies charge. Typical rates for acquiring email lists are from 1 cent to as high as 3 cents per email address - that's
"INFORMATION HIGHWAY" ROBBERY!.
Don't even hesitate on this one or you will miss out on the most effective way to market anywhere..PERIOD!
Start earning mega money and get started now!
If you have any further questions call our Marketing Department at:
                             504-757-1686 To order our email package, simply print out the EZ ORDER FORM below and fax or mail it to our office today.
We accept Visa, Mastercard, AMEX, Checks by Fax and Mail.
EZ Order Form _____Yes! I would like to order your 50,000,000 email addresses Plus all the bonuses for only $299.
            ***********SPECIAL BONUS OFFER*****************
Order the registered version of Stealth along with the 50 Million E-mail
addresses and we'll knock $100 of the price.  Thats right.  Stealth retails for $399.  If you order the complete package of the registered version of Stealth Mass Mailer that will send up to 300,000 messages per hour and you can have the whole package for just $599.   Thats a savings of $100.
                   $$$$$$$$$$    AND    $$$$$$$$$
When you order the complete package including the registered verion of Stealth......We'll give you the $350 E-Mail Pro Extractor software absolutely
FREE.  E-Mail Pro will not only extract thousands of new addresses from
the online services and the internet, it is the perfect list management tool.
I want the WHOLE Package for $599 plus shipping & handling ______
Send me the CD with 50 Million E-mail addresses only for $299______
*Please select one of the following for shipping..
____I would like to receive my package OVERNIGHT. I'm including $15 for shipping. (outside US add an additional $20 for shipping)
____I would like to receive my package 2 DAY delivery. I'm including $10 for shipping.  (outside US add an additional $15 for shipping)
Foreign orders add $10.
COMPANY NAME___________________________________________
CITY, STATE, ZIP___________________________________________
PHONE NUMBERS__________________________________________
FAX NUMBERS_____________________________________________
EMAIL ADDRESS___________________________________________
TYPE OF CREDIT CARD: ______VISA _____MASTERCARD _____AMEX_____DISCOVER/NOVUS
CREDIT CARD# __________________________________________
EXPIRATION DATE________________________________________
NAME ON CARD___________________________________________
AMOUNT $____________________
(Required) SIGNATURE:x________________________
You may fax your order to us at:   1-504-757-9988
CHECK BY FAX SERVICES!
If you would like to fax a check, paste it below and fax it to our office along with all forms to: 1-504-757-9988
***24 HOUR FAX SERVICES*** PLEASE PASTE YOUR CHECK HERE AND FAX IT TO US AT 1-504-757=9988
If You fax a check, there is no need for you to send the original check. We will draft up a new check, with the exact information from your original check. If you feel more comfortable sending payment through the mail, please send all forms and Check or Money Order to:
Gulf Coast Marketing
8867 Highland Rd. Suite 112
Baton Rouge, LA 70808

@_date: 1997-08-24 02:32:54
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Make Money Giving Away Free Phone Cards 
This message is being brought to you by EMAIL BLASTER 2.5 software.  If you would like a FREE copy of this software or any of our other HOT programs ABSOLTELY FREE call our FAX ON DEMAND number at 213-960-7822.
Your email address was given to me as a person interested in business opportunities....If THIS IS NOT
CORRECT and you wish removal from my list, hit reply and type REMOVE in the subject area...
"FREE" HOME BUSINESS! No startup fee! No monthly minimum! No risk! We provide you with a FREE Home business PLUS 9.9cpm flat rate, unrestricted long distance service with no minimums and no
circles. Calling cards, 800# all available at great rates. PLUS get your own FREE Home Business.
We will give you a FREE web page, free email address, ads, locations to advertise, PLUS a $400
bulk email program. FOR FREE! THERE ARE NO CATCHES or HIDDEN COSTS.
For quick and FREE details, just send an email with FREEDOM in the subject.
I look forward to your response.

@_date: 1997-09-18 05:42:19
@_author: Ben Cox 
@_subject: Re: National Security Committee amendments to SAFE 
Carl Ellison says:
How could that possibly be binding?  Anything the court system thinks is
subject to judicial review is subject to judicial review.

@_date: 1997-09-09 17:58:21
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Take a chance and WIN! 
If you would like to enter for a chance to win $40,000 in cash, a 1997 Corvette, or a 1997 Tahoe winners choice... (State Registration Please click here Thank you for your time.
The Givers Foundation (Charity Raffle)

@_date: 1997-11-08 01:58:09
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Are you getting loads of $5 orders in your mailbox everyday? I am !! 
I Never Thought I'd Be the One Telling You This:
I Actually Read a Piece of e-mail and I'm Going to Europe on the Proceeds!
My name is Karen Liddell; I'm a 35-year-old mom,wife, and part-time
accountant.  As a rule, I delete all unsolicited "junk" e-mail and use my
account primarily for business.  I received what I assumed was this same
e-mail countless times and deleted it each time.
About two months ago I received it again and, because of the catchy line, I
finally read it.  Afterwards, I thought, "OK, I give in, I'm going to try
this.  I can certainly afford to invest $20 and, on the other hand, there's
nothing wrong with creating a little excess cash."  I promptly mailed four $5
bills and, after receiving the reports, sent out some e-mail advertisements.
 After reading the reports, I also learned how easy it is to bulk e-mail for
I was not prepared for the results.  Everyday for the last six weeks, my P.O.
box has been overflowing with $5 bills; many days the excess fills up an
extra mail bin and I've had to upgrade to the corporate-size box!  I am
stunned by all the money that keeps rolling in!
My husband and I have been saving for several years to make a substantial
downpayment on a house.  Now, not only are we purchasing a house with 40%
down, we're going to Venice, Italy to celebrate!
I promise you, if you follow the directions in this e-mail and be prepared to
eventually set aside about an hour each day to follow up (and count your
money!), you will make at least as much money as we did.  You don't need to
be a wiz at the computer, but I'll bet you already are.  If you can open an
envelope, remove the money, and send an e-mail message, then you're on your
way to the bank.  Take the time to read this so you'll understand how easy it
is.  If I can do this, so can you!
The following is a copy of the e-mail I read:
                  This is a LEGAL, MONEY-MAKING PHENOMENON.
        PRINT this letter, read the directions, THEN READ IT AGAIN!!!
You are about to embark on the most profitable and unique program you may
ever see.  Many times over, it has demonstrated and proven its ability to
generate large amounts of CASH.  This program is showing fantastic appeal
with a huge and ever-growing on-line population desirous of additional
This is a legitimate, LEGAL, money-making opportunity.  It does not require
you to come in contact with people, do any hard work, and best of all, you
never have to leave the house, except to get the mail and go to the bank!
This truly is the lucky break you've been waiting for!  Simply follow the
easy instructions in this letter, and your financial dreams will come true!
 When followed correctly, this multi-level marketing program works
perfectly..100% EVERY TIME!
Thousands of people have used this program to:
     - Raise capital to start their own business
     - Pay off debts
     - Buy homes, cars, etc.
This is your chance, don't pass it up!
OVERVIEW OF THIS EXTRAORDINARY ELECTRONIC MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING PROGRAM
This is what you will do to reach financial freedom:
You will send thousands of people a product for $5.00 that costs next to
nothing to produce and e-mail.  As with all multi-level businesses, you will
increase your business building your downline and selling the products
(reports).  Every state in the U.S. allows you to recruit new multi-level
business online (via your computer).
The products in this program are a series of four business and financial
reports costing $5.00 each.  Each order you receive via "snail mail" will
     -$5.00 cash
     -The name and number of the report they are ordering
     -The e-mail address where you will e-mail them the report they ordered.
To fill each order, you simply e-mail the product to the buyer.  THAT'S IT!
 The $5.00 is yours!  This is the EASIEST multi-level marketing business
FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS TO THE LETTER AND BE PREPARED TO REAP THE STAGGERING
*******I N S T R U C T I O N S*********
This is what you MUST do:
1. Order all 4 reports shown on the list below.
*For each report, send $5.00 CASH, the NAME & NUMBER OF THE REPORT YOU ARE
ORDERING, YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS, and YOUR RETURN POSTAL ADDRESS (in case of a
problem) to the person whose name appears on the list next to the report.
*When you place your order, make sure you order each of the four reports.
 You will need all four reports so that you can save them on your computer
and resell them.
*Usually within 10 days you will receive, via e-mail, the four reports.  Save
them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the
1,000's of people who will order them from you.
2. IMPORTANT-DO NOT alter the names of the people who are listed next to each
report, or their sequence on the list, in any way other than is instructed
below in steps "a" through "f" or you will lose out on the majority of your
profits.  Once you understand the way this works, you'll also see how it
doesn't work if you change it.!!  Remember, this method has been tested, and i
f you alter it , it will not work.
a.  Look below for the listing of available reports.
b.  After you've ordered the four reports, take this advertisement and remove
the address under REPORT   This person has made it through the cycle and
is no doubt counting their 50 grand!
c.  Move the name and address under REPORT  down to REPORT d.  Move the name and address under REPORT  down to REPORT e.  Move the name and address under REPORT  down to REPORT f.  Insert your name and address in the REPORT  position.
  Please make sure that you copy everyone's name and address ACCURATELY!!!
3. Take this entire letter, including the modified list of names, and save it
to your computer.  Make NO changes to the instruction portion of this letter.
4. Now you,re ready to start an advertising campaign on the WORLDWIDE WEB!
 Advertising on the WEB is very inexpensive, and there are HUNDREDS of FREE
places to advertise.  Another avenue you could use for advertising is e-mail
lists.  You can buy these lists for under $20 for 2,000 addresses or you can
pay someone a minimal charge to take care of it for you.
5.  For every $5.00 you receive, all you must do is e-mail them the report
that they ordered.  THAT'S IT!  ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME-DAY SERVICE ON ALL
ORDERS!  This will gaurantee that the e-mail THEY send out with YOUR name and
address on it, will be prompt because they can't advertise until they receive
the report!
AVAILABLE REPORTS
******Order Each REPORT by NUMBER and NAME******
-  ALWAYS SEND $5 CASH FOR EACH REPORT (checks not accepted)
-  Make sure that the cash is concealed by wrapping it in two sheets of paper
-  On one of those sheets of paper, include:  1.) the NUMBER and NAME of the
report you are ordering, 2.) your e-mail address and 3.) your postal address
(in case of problems) It is suggested that you rent a mailbox to avoid having
your home address being sent to millions of peolple.
REPORT  "Making Millions Through Advertising"
Order REPORT  From:
         MJP Enterprises
         PO BOX 30404
         Alexandria, VA 22310
REPORT  "Creating Your Ad"
Order REPORT  From:
         GCM, Dept. C
         8867 Highland Rd. Suite 112
         Baton Rouge, LA 70808
REPORT  " Sales and Product Description"
Order REPORT  From:
      A.R. Ball
         1428 Josephine St.---suite D
         New Orleans, LA 70130
REPORT  "Online Advertising"
Order REPORT  From:
         F & T Marketing Group
         PO BOX 305
         Binghamton, NY 13902
   HERE'S HOW THIS AMAZING PLAN WILL MAKE YOU MONEY$
Let's say that you decide to start small just to see how well it works.
 Assume your goal is to get 10 people to participate on your first level.
 (Placing a lot of FREE ads on the internet will EASILY get a larger
response.)  Also assume that everyone else in your organization gets ONLY 10
downline members.  Follow this example to achieve the STAGGERING results
1st level-your 10 members with $5........................................
2nd level-10 members from those 10($5 x 100)..........................$500
3rd level-10 members from those 100($5 x 1,000)......................$5,000
4th level-10 members from those 1,000($5 x 10,000).................$50,000
                                       THIS TOTALS-----------$55,500
Remember friends, this assumes that the people who participate on;y recruit
10 people each.  Think for a moment what would happen if they got 20 people
to participate!  Most peolple get 100's of participants.  THINK ABOUT IT!
Your cost to participate in this is practically nothing (surely you can
afford $20).  You obviously already have an internet connection and e-mail is
*****TIPS FOR SUCCESS*****
*  TREAT THIS AS YOUR BUSINESS!  Be prompt, professional, and follow the
    directions accurately.
*  Send for the four reports immediately so you will have them when the
   start coming in because:
When you receive a $5 order, you MUST send out the requested product/report
to comply with the U.S. Postal and Lottery Laws, Title 18, Section 3005 in
the U.S. Code, also Code of Federal Regulations vol. 16, sections 255 and
436, which state that "a product or service must be exchanged for money
*  ALWAYS PROVIDE SAME DAY SERVICE ON THE ORDERS YOU RECEIVE.
*  Be patient and persistent with this program.  If you follow the
instructions exactly
   the results will undoubtedly be SUCCESSFUL!
*  ABOVE ALL, HAVE FAITH IN YOURSELF AND KNOW YOU WILL SUCCEED!
*****YOUR SUCCESS GUIDELINE*****
Follow these guidelines to guarantee your success:
If you don't receive 10 to 20 orders for REPORT  within two weeks, continue
advertising until you do.  Then, a couple of weeks later you should receive
at least 100 orders for REPORT   If you don't, continue advertising until
you do.  Once you have received 100 or more orders for REPORT  YOU CAN
RELAX, because the system is already working for you, and the cash will
continue to roll in!
THIS IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER:
Every time your name is moved down on the list, you are placed in front of a
DIFFERENT report.  You can KEEP TRACK of your PROGRESS by watching which
report people are ordering from you.  If you want to generate more income,
send another batch of e-mails and start the whole process again!  There is no
limit to the income you will generate from this business!
*****T E S T I M O N I A L S*****
This Program does work, but you must follow it EXACTLY!  Especially the rule
of not trying to place your name in a different position, it won't work and
you'll lose alot of potential income.  I'm living proof that it works.  It
really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money, with little cost
to you.  If you do choose to participate, follow the program exactly, and
you'll be on your way to financial security.                  Sean
McLaughlin, Jackson, MS
My name is Frank.  My wife Doris, and I live in Bel-Air, MD.  I am a cost
accountant with a major U.S. corporation and I make pretty good money.  When
I received the program I grumbled to Doris about receiving "junk mail".  I
made fun of the whole thing, spouting my knowledge of the population and the
percentages involved.  I "knew" it wouldn't work.  Doris totally ignored my
supposed intelligence and jumped in with both feet.  I made merciless fun of
her, and was ready to lay the old "I told you so" on her when the thing
didn't work... well, the laugh was on me!  Within 2 weeks she had received
over 50 responses.  Within 45 days she had received over $147,200 in $5
bills!  I was shocked!  I was sure that I had it all figured and that it
wouldn't work.  I AM a believer now.  I have joined Doris in her "hobby".  I
did have 7 more years until retirement, but I think of the "rat race" and
it's not for me.  We owe it all to MLM.                          Frank T.,
Bel-AQir, MD
The main reason for this letter is to convince you that this system is
honest, lawful, extremely profitable, and is a way to get a large amount of
money in a short time.  I was approached several times before I checked this
out.  I joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal
effort and money required.  To my astonishment, I received $36,470.00 in the
first 14 weeks, with money still coming in.                     Sincerely
Yours, Phillip A. Brown
Not being the gambling type, it took me several weeks to make up my mind to
participate in this plan.  But conservative that I am, I decided that the
initial investment was so little that there was just no way that I wouldn't
get enough orders to at least get my money back.  Boy, was I surprised when I
found my medium-size post office box crammed with orders!  For awhile, it got
so overloaded that I had to start picking up my mail at the window.  I'll
make more money this year than in any 10 years of my life before.  The nice
thing about this deal is that it doesn't matter where in the U.S. the people
live.  There simply isn't a better investment with a faster return.
                     Mary Rockland, Lansing, MI
This is my third time to participate in this plan.  We have quit our jobs,
and will soon buy a home on the beach and live off the interest on our money.
 The only way on earth that this plan will work for you is if you do it.  For
your sake, and for your family's sake, don't pass up this golden opportunity.
 Good luck and happy spending!
                                        Charles Fairchild, Spokane, WA
ORDER YOUR REPORTS TODAY AND GET STARTED ON
YOUR ROAD TO FINANCIAL FREEDOM!!!!!!!!

@_date: 1997-12-05 11:00:50
@_author: Jeffrey Hutzelman 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
No, you don't.  The pro-choice/pro-life argument is off-topic for
fight-censorship, and presumably also for cypherpunks (though I
don't read that list, and wouldn't presume to speak for them).
If people want to argue this point, please do it somewhere else.

@_date: 1998-01-09 04:15:48
@_author: s 
@_subject: Search Engines 
I saw your listing on the internet.
Get your web site(s) submitted to over 250 of the worlds best
search engines for only $39.95!  (Yahoo, Lycos, AOL, Excite,
Hotbot, Linkstar, Webcrawler, and hundreds others).
A professional will view your site and put together a list
of the best key words and submit your site:  mailing you
the computer print out of ALL the search engines your
site(s) were submitted to. (you should have in 5-10 days)
To put your web site in the fast lane and receive more
traffic, mail your check for only $39.95 to NetWorld at
the below address.  To start your submission today, fax
a copy of the check you are mailing to (760) 639-3551
and be SURE to include BOTH the web site address
and email address for each site you are having submitted.
This is a one time fee.
Mail Checks to NetWorld PO Box 326 Oceanside, CA. 92049
Brian Franks
 (800) 484-2621 X5568

@_date: 1998-02-16 02:39:18
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Turn Your Computer Into a Personal Mail Server 
Look at the Headers in this Message.
If you like what you see read on.
This message was sent to you courtesy of the amazing new technology of  the "Rapid Fire Mail Server" (RFMS).  RFMS transforms your computer into a personal mail server.  With no additional hardware, RFMS software will give you complete control of  your mailings, because the mail you send will originate from your computer and be delivered directly into the mailbox of your recipient.  Since the mail originates from your computer, it is no longer necessary to use your Internet Service Provider's mail server.
When you use the previous generation stealth or cloaking type programs, they work by uploading your mail to your provider's mail server.  They can also be programmed to send mail through other providers mail servers without authorization (this is considered theft of service).  The problem is, the previous generation stealth type programs upload the messages faster than these mail servers can process them. Many times this causes a provider's mail server to bog down and crash.  Obviously, this will make providers furious with you.  Furthermore, you may think that you are sending hundreds of thousands of messages, unfortunately, most of it simply gets filtered and deleted by the mail server.  You are lucky to get 10%-20% of that mail delivered.  With Rapid Fire Mail Server software YOUR computer emulates a mail server and YOU actually control and watch all your mail being delivered piece by piece. There is a 100% delivery rate with this program anywhere on the internet. We did say 100% delivery rate to any internet email addresses. A bold claim but it is true.  This is the latest technical advance in bulk email since the advent of the stealth type programs.  This program verifies domains and validity of email addresses before sending mail. This dramatically reduces your bounced back undeliverables. Bounced back undeliverables can sure bog down a server. You can also control where you want any bounced back mail to go. It can go to any email address you want with Rapid Fire Mail Server.  Rapid Fire Mail Server can work with ANY dial up internet account, an ISDN line or a T-1 or T-3. It runs on Windows 95 or NT.
We have not heard of any person losing a dial up account with this software. One reason bulk email is so frowned upon with numerous ISP's is people try to send as much mail as they can, as quick as they can and crash the mail server of the ISP. This won't happen with Rapid Fire Mail Server software since you don't use the mail server of the ISP to send your mail. The program actually sends the mail directly from your computer which is now a bona fide mail server, to the recipients mail server avoiding any potential blocks that would prevent you from reaching those on your mailing list. You do not have to
"forge" headers or randomize anything to have 100% of your mail delivered, although the program does allow for randomization and customizing of headers. You can send
mail omitting the "to" "from" and "reply to" portions of your headers.   Want to send out your messages in color. Not a problem with Rapid Fire Mail Server. Just select a font color with your mouse, and then click on a background color as well. Want to make your font bold or put it into italics, just point and click. Want your message centered or shifted left or right, once again just point and click.
Rapid Fire Mail Server works with any Windows 95 or NT computer. It requires no additional hardware or software.
The Rapid Fire Mail Server sends at speeds up to 80,000 messages per hour DELIVERED using a modest pentium and a 28.8 modem. Rates will dramatically increase with an ISDN or cable modem and of course with a T-1 they will be even faster. If you want to take advantage of this breakthrough in Bulk EMail Technology give us a call. Oh, if you were wondering the program costs $700.  We don't plan on repeat mailings for this product. If you think the price is too high, well we can sell you Stealth for $200. You might be happy with Stealth if you don't mind frequent loss of dial-up accounts, a lot of complaints, not getting a lot of your mail delivered due to blocks and crashed mail s
ervers deleting your mail, along with the resulting low response rate from your mailings, then stealth would probably make you happy. LOL
Call us at 1-612-557-0034
for more info and ordering info.  So give us a call today.

@_date: 1998-03-01 13:39:31
@_author: PST 
@_subject: 68 Million Email Addresses - 99.00 
68 MILLION
 EMAIL ADDRESSES
 FOR ONLY $99  You want to make some money?  I can put you in touch with over 60 million people at virtualy no cost.
 Can you make one cent from each of theses names?
If you can you have a profit of over $600,000.00 This offer is not for everyone. If you can not see the just how excellent the
 risk / reward ratio in this offer is then there is nothing I can do for you. To make money you must stop dreaming and TAKE ACTION.
PACKAGE  A
68,000,000 email addresses on CD
These name are all in text files
ready to mail!!!
PACKAGE B
68,000,000 email addresses on CD
These name are all in text files
ready to mail!!!       AND
15 Different Bulk email programs and tools  to help with your mailings
and list managment.
$ 139.00
PACKAGE  C
THE WORKS
68,000,000 email addresses on CD
These name are all in text files
ready to mail!!!       AND
15 Different Bulk email programs and tools  to help with your mailings
and list managment.
             AND Over 500 diferent Business Reports
now being sold on the internet for up to
$100 each. You get full rights to resell these reports.
With this package you get the email addresses, the software to mail them AND ready to sell  information products.
AND ...... . a collection of the 100 best money making
adds currently floating around on the internet.
$ 189
SEVERAL WAYS TO ORDER !!!
IF YOU ORDER BY PHONE WE WILL SHIP YOUR CD CONTAINING THE 68 MILLION + NAMES WITHIN 12 HOURS OF YOUR ORDER!!!
  1) WE ACCEPT:  AMERICAN EXPRESS OR
                               VISA <> MASTERCARD
     TYPE OF CARD  AMX / VISA / MC??_______________
      EXPIRATION DATE   ___________________________
     NAME ON CREDIT CARD________________________
     CREDIT CARD      BILLING ADDRESS ____________________________
     CITY_________________________________________
    STATE________________ZIP_____________________
   PHONE INCLUDE AREA CODE___________________
    EMAIL ADDRESS______________________________         WE WILL BILL selected amount to your account plus the following shipping costs
        SHIPPING  COST OF 3.85 FIRST CLASS MAIL
        SHIPPING COST OF  15.00  24 HOUR EXPRESS MAIL /  FEDERAL EXPRESS
        SALES TAX (7.25%) added to CA residents   >>> Send correct amount in cash, check or money
order to:
  >>> ELECTRIC EMAIL
  >>> 702 Mangrove Avenue, Suite 151
  >>> Chico, CA 95926
  2) Send the same above requested credit card information to above address.    3) Fax the same above credit card information to 530-895-
   4) Call phone # 530-876-4291.  This is a 24 hour phone number to place a CREDIT CARD order.
   5) FAX A COPY of your signed check to 530-895-8470.
       This is an EXCELLENT way to order without a credit card!
Electric Email is a private company and is not affiliated with, or endorsed by, AOL, MSN, or any other Internet Service Provider.
Copyright 1998
All rights reserved
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.         Amendment I, The US Constitution                                                                :-)

@_date: 1998-03-01 18:20:49
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Accept this FREE gift-FREE  1 HOUR LD CALLING CARD 
FAST EARTH CASH AND A FREE  1 HOUR LD CALLING CARD TO
THE FIRST 300 EMAIL FRIENDS WHO RESPOND TO THIS OFFER!
A new revolution is coming to America.  One simple fact. . . . . . . . . There is a new way to wash clothes without soaps or detergents and
earn a KINGS RANSOM from working at home!!! A new study links skin,
liver and kidney cancer to most soaps and detergents in use now!!!  Our
plan is the fastest and easiest in the U.S.A.  $30,000, $70,000, $100,000
per month is possible within 6 months.  Our unit saves soap, water, energy and time.  We would love to show you how we did it.  Please  717-288-0400
with your name, address, phone and fax number so we can speed you this fun,
educational and futuristic info pack!  We need your fax number to fax you the calling card.  Accept this FREE gift for reviewing our info pack.  We
have the lowest LD rates in the nation. . . 7.9 cent LD, 5 cent local!  We can
help you save and make thousands per year!!!  Let's help SAVE the PLANET.
 phone # 717-288-0400

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: Radio show, 6/28/93 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
percent giving seven fat years during the days of Pharaoh in Egypt, why then
you are tracing the
roots of lower taxes and rising prosperity to religion.... You can trace
individual prosperity,
economic growth back to the Bible, the Old Testament. Isn't it amazing?"
(Radio show, 6/28/93)
REALITY: Amazingly wrong. Genesis 41 is about the wisdom of INSTITUTING taxes,
cutting them. After Pharaoh had a dream that prophesied seven fat years to be
followed by seven
lean years, Joseph advised him to "appoint officers over the land, and take up
the fifth part of the
land of Egypt in the seven plenteous years...and lay up corn under the hands
of Pharaoh." In
other words, a 20 percent tax on the grain harvest would put aside food for
use during the famine.
Pharaoh took Joseph's advice, and Egypt avoided hunger during the famine.
LIMBAUGH: "It has not been proven that nicotine is addictive, the same with
cigarettes causing
emphysema [and other diseases]." (Radio show, 4/29/94)
REALITY: Nicotine's addictiveness has been reported in medical literature
since the turn of the
century. Surgeon General C. Everett Koop's 1988 report on nicotine addiction
left no doubts on
the subject; "Today the scientific base linking smoking to a number of chronic
diseases is
overwhelming, with a total of 50,000 studies from dozens of countries," states
Britannica's 1987 "Medical and Health Annual."
LIMBAUGH: "Most Canadian physicians who are themselves in need of surgery, for
scurry across the border to get it done right: the American way. They have
found, through
experience, that state medical care is too expensive..." (Told You So, p. 153)
REALITY: "Mr. Limbaugh's claim simply isn't true," says Dr. Hugh Scully, chair
of the
Canadian Medical Association's Council on Healing & Finance. "The vast
majority of Canadians,
including physicians, receive their care here in Canada. Those few Canadians
who receive health
care in the U.S. most often do because they have winter homes in the
States--like Arizona and
Florida -- and have emergent health problems there." Medical care in Canada is
hardly "too
expensive"; it's provided free and covered by taxes.
LIMBAUGH: "There are more American Indians alive today than there were when
arrived or at any other time in history. Does this sound like a record of
genocide?" (Told You So,
p. 68)
REALITY: According to Carl Shaw of the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs,
estimates of the
pre-Columbus population of what later became the United States range from 5
million to 15
million. Native populations in the late 19th century fell to 250,000, due in
part to genocidal
policies. Today the U.S.'s Native American population is about 2 million.
LIMBAUGH: "Women were doing quite well in this country before feminism came
(Radio show, quoted in FRQ, Summer/93)
REALITY: Before feminism, women couldn't even vote. LIMBAUGH: "Anita Hill followed Clarence Thomas everywhere. Wherever he went,
she wanted
to be right by his side, she wanted to work with him, she wanted to continue
to date him.... There
were no other accusers who came forth after Anita Hill did and said, 'Yeah,
Clarence Thomas, he
harassed me, too.' There was none of that." (TV show, 5/4/94)
REALITY: Hill could not have continued to date Thomas, since they never dated.
Two other
women, Sukari Hardnett and Angela Wright, came forth in the Thomas case with
similar charges. LIMBAUGH: On Whitewater: "I don't think the New York Times has run a story on
this yet. I
mean, we haven't done a thorough search, but I--there has not been a big one,
front-page story,
about this one that we can recall. So this has yet to create or get up to its
full speed--if it weren't
for us and the Wall Street Journal and the American Spectator, this would be
one of the biggest
and most well kept secrets going on in American politics today." (TV show,
REALITY: The New York Times BROKE the Whitewater story on March 8, 1992, in a
front-page story by Jeff Gerth that included much of the key information known
today. The
investigative article ran over 1700 words.
LIMBAUGH: Quotes President James Madison: "We have staked the future...upon
the capacity
of each and all of us to govern ourselves, to control ourselves, to sustain
ourselves according to
the Ten Commandments of God." (Told You So, p. 73)
REALITY: "We didn't find anything in our files remotely like the sentiment
expressed in the
extract you sent to us," David B. Mattern, the associate editor of The Madison
Papers, told the
Kansas City Star (1/16/94). "In addition, the idea is entirely inconsistent
with everything we know
about Madison's views on religion and government." LIMBAUGH: "And it was only 4,000 votes that--had they gone another way in
Nixon would have been elected in 1960." (TV show, 4/28/94)
REALITY: Kennedy won the 1960 election with 303 electoral votes to 219 for
Nixon. Without
Illinois' 27 electoral votes, Kennedy would still have won, 276-246.
LIMBAUGH: On Iran-contra special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh: "This Walsh story
is, we just spent seven years and $40 million looking for any criminal
activity on the part of
anybody in the Reagan administration, and guess what? We couldn't find any.
These guys didn't
do anything, but we wish they had so that we could nail them. So instead,
we're just going to say,
'Gosh, these are rotten guys.' They have absolutely no evidence. There is not
one indictment.
There is not one charge." (TV show, 1/19/94)
REALITY: Walsh won indictments against 14 people in connection with the Iran-
contra scandal
including leading Reagan administration officials like former Secretary of
Defense Caspar
Weinberger and former national security advisers Robert McFarlane and John
Poindexter. Of
the 14, 11 were convicted or pleaded guilty. (Two convictions were later
overturned on
technicalities--including that of occasional Limbaugh substitute Oliver North)
LIMBAUGH: Explaining why the Democrats wanted to "sabotage" President Bush
with the 1990
budget deal: "Now, here is my point. In 1990, George Bush was president and
was enjoying a 90
percent plus approval rating on the strength of our victories in the Persian
Gulf War and Cold
War." (Told You So, p. 304)
REALITY: In October 1990, when the budget deal was concluded the Gulf War had
not yet been
LIMBAUGH: On the Gulf War: "Everybody in the world was aligned with the United
except who? The United States Congress." (TV show, 4/18/94)
REALITY: Both houses of Congress voted to authorize the U.S. to use force
against Iraq.
LIMBAUGH: On Bosnia: "For the first time in military history, U.S. military
personnel are not
under the command of United States generals." (TV show, 4/18/94)
REALITY: That's news to the Pentagon. "How far back do you want to go?" asked
Joe Gradisher, a Pentagon spokesperson. "Americans served under Lafayette in
Revolutionary war." Gradisher pointed out several famous foreign commanders of
U.S. troops,
including France's Marshall Foch, in overall command of U.S. troops in World
War 1. In World
War 2, Britain's General Montgomery led U.S. troops in Europe and North
Africa, while another
British General, Lord Mountbatten, commanded the China-Burma-India theatre.
LIMBAUGH: Limbaugh frequently denies that he uses his show for political
activism: "I have
yet to encourage you people or urge you to call anybody. I don't do it. They
think I'm the one
doing it. That's fine. You don't need to be told when to call. They think you
are a bunch of
lemmings out there." (Radio show, 6/28/93)
REALITY: Just an hour after making the above claim, he was--as usual--sending
his troops to the
trenches: "The people in the states where these Democratic senators are up for
reelection in '94
have to let their feelings be known.... These senators, you let them know. I
think Wisconsin's one
state. Let's say Herb Kohl is up in '94. You people in Wisconsin who don't
like this bill, who don't
like the tax increases, you let Herb Kohl know somehow."
And in summation, Rush is a liar (proven by (4:1:b), 'Merriam Webster's
Collegiate Dictionary,
10th Edition", page 670-671)!
Readers should judge on their own, whether you think this proves that Rush
knew about these
lies in advance and/or had an intent to deceive when he told these lies (as
it's impossible to prove
ones state of mind). I believe he did (on both accounts), so therefore I
believe there's ample
evidence to show Rush a liar by subsense 4:1:a, and 4:2 also! Readers should
also judge whether
they think that (many of) his lies are attempts at changing history.
Stanley Rosenthal

@_date: 1998-03-20 22:26:16
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Cold Drinks Taste Better!!! 
Cold Drinks Taste Better!  (You gotta see this)
 CLICK HERE NOW!!  CoolBird keeps your favorite beverage COLD for HOURS.  Make your last sip your coldest with CoolBird!
**Perfect for --Birthdays
                  --Father's Day
                  --picnics
                  --BBQ's
                  --Bosses
                  --Lunches
                  --Trips
                  --Work
Great for anywhere and anytime!!!!
 CLICK HERE NOW!!

@_date: 1998-03-20 22:26:16
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Cold Drinks Taste Better!!! 
Cold Drinks Taste Better!  (You gotta see this)
 CLICK HERE NOW!!  CoolBird keeps your favorite beverage COLD for HOURS.  Make your last sip your coldest with CoolBird!
**Perfect for --Birthdays
                  --Father's Day
                  --picnics
                  --BBQ's
                  --Bosses
                  --Lunches
                  --Trips
                  --Work
Great for anywhere and anytime!!!!
 CLICK HERE NOW!!

@_date: 1998-04-09 00:21:00
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: 40 MILLION EMAIL ADDRESSES LOW PRICE !!! 
40 MILLION EMAILS FOR SALE  super low price!
Our Fresh Addresses Will Bring You Incredible Results!
If you REALLY want to get the word out regarding
your services or products, Bulk Email is the BEST way to do so, PERIOD! Advertising in newsroups is good but you're competing with hundreds even THOUSANDS
of other ads. Will your customer's see YOUR ad in the midst of all the others?
Bulk Email will allow you to DIRECTLY contact your
potential customers. They are much more likely to
take the time to read about what you have to offer if it was as easy as reading it via email rather
than searching through countless postings in There is a secret to effective Bulk Email...HIGH
QUALITY LISTS! There are SO many companies offering bulk email lists that are months old and it's not
uncommen for HALF of those addresses to be outdated
and undeliverable. Also, most companies offer lists
that they have compiled from addresses extracted from
newsgroups, THE WORST PLACE TO GET ADDRESSES FROM!
Why? Simple, most people that post messages in news-
groups KNOW that their addresses might be extracted
so they use FAKE addresses resulting in undeliverable
You can now get FRESH, HIGH QUALITY lists of addresses
that have NOT been extracted from newsgroups! Our lists
are compiled of addresses that we have extracted from member directories and help forums where you CAN NOT
use fake email addresses! Also, our lists are LESS than
1 month old and are CONSTANTLY updated to remove dupes
and undeliverables! Our emails can be downloaded at a web site or be shipped to your home in disks.  Our emails are in text form, one line per email.  This form is compatible with Pegasus, Eudora, Microsoft email programs, and many other popular email softwares. We believe that if you have a great product or service for everyone, you should let everyone know.  Do it cost effectively today!  Sending emails doesn't cost you one cent!  In just one night, millions of people will know about your company or your corporation.  Market your company by reaching 40,000,000 (40 million) fresh customers for only $79.00!!!!
Special Sale!  Buy the 40 Million email addresses today and receive Email Platinum Professional Version FREE! Email Platinum Pro is 4 programs in one!  (This message is sent by Email Platinum.  You can too send out mass sales letters professionally.)
Email Platinum is an extremely fast mass emailer (150,000 emails per hour with modest Pentium) that does four things:
1) Collects email addresses from newsgroups, web sites, or from AOL member files by key words and by specific interests.
2) Mail out your sales letters with automated friendly addressing (example: Dear John, Dear Nancy, etc.) Ramdomizes from and to field.  One push of a button does it all. Guarantee no cut and paste.
3) Have capability to remove email addresses of people who don't like emails.
4) Post your sales letters to THOUSANDS OF NEWSGROUPS WITH A PUSH OF A BUTTON --- within HALF AN HOUR!!
Email Platinum and Email Addresses are your best sales tools! If you have a good product, you will be rich in no time.
Call today (415)585-3825.  All for $79. Not a penny extra.
Call today (415)585-3825.  Technical support available 24 hours. Emails are updated regularly. We can accept Visa or Master Card. Or, simply print this form and fill it out.  Mail it along with $79 check or money order to:
Alex Chiu
PO BOX 16547
San Francisco CA  94116
(415) 585-3825
Upon the receipt of your payment, you will immediately be instructed via email or by phone on how to download the fresh email addresses.
Name: _________________________________
Address: ________________________________________
Telephone number: ___________________________
Email address: ______________________________
Don't want to email millions of people yourself?  No problem.  I can do it for you professionally!  I mail out two million emails for you within 3 days for $129!!  Tell me what kind of customer you would want, and I will set the target with my highly targeted list.  A mere $129 service includes:
Email two million people. (targeted prospects)
Post advertisement on 2000 newsgroups.
telephone recommendations and technical support on how to make money on the internet.
I guarantee you this is a great way to start your own company on the internet.  Few months later, you will be like me making $5000 a month with internet!  Call (415) 585-3825 if you have any question.

@_date: 1998-04-09 00:33:39
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Adult CD 
Are you interested in ADULT Cd-ROMs we would like to give you 2 FREE sampels, se more about this                great offer at :
No obligations at all ! !  - just a nice offer from Denmark.
This is a one time offer - if you are not interested you will not hear from us again.

@_date: 1998-04-10 01:40:25
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Adult CD 
Are you interested in ADULT Cd-ROMs we would like to give you 2 FREE sampels, se more about this                great offer at :
No obligations at all ! !  - just a nice offer from Denmark.
This is a one time offer - if you are not interested you will not hear from us again.

@_date: 1998-04-20 00:42:26
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: *Four Very Hot Services* 
24 HOUR GAY TV ON YOUR COMPUTER SCREEN
Incredible MEN on MEN movies from the privacy of your own computer chair.
Let Them entertain you! The movies play on your computer screen. You do not need any special software. We have the fastest video anywhere. 24 hours / 7 days a week, with over 200 hundred Hardcore Shows Playing. We add new movies each week.
No per-minute charges, we have one low priced monthly fee, of $19.95. (Cancel at any time). It really is an Incredible value!! It is private and portable with any lap top with a modem.
 GAY MOVIES, CHAT, PICTURES, PERSONAL'S, CHAT ROOMS,
GUIDE TO SIGHTS AND SERVICES
 We offer Gay Pictures, Movies, State-of-the-art all male chat rooms, Personal adds, Stories, and an On Line Guide to gay web sights and services. You will have access to Movies from around the world, (no special software needed + no per minute fee) 24 Hour Hardcore Gay TV with 200 hundred movies running 24 Hours per day. We believe in Complete Customer Satisfaction. You will not be disappointed!
(Cancel at any time).
 STRAIGHT MOVIES 24 HOUR
We have over TWO HUNDRED Hardcore sex movies running 24 hours a day! Watch from the privacy of your computer chair, on your screen. No special software is needed, No per-
minute fees, stay on as long as you like. You only pay one reasonable fee of 19.95 per month, cancel at any time. You will have unlimited access. We add new movies each week.
 STRAIGHT CHAT, PERSONAL'S, PICS, LINKS,MOVIES
 Chat Rooms, Personal adds, Pictures, Stories, Movies, 10 Thousand Sex Links (The largest collection on the web)! 24 Hour Hardcore Porn Channel, (no special software needed). Quick time Movies from around the world. You will have unrestricted access to all of these features for one low price.
We believe in Complete Customer Satisfaction.
You will not be disappointed. (Cancel at any time).
* We Aim to Please ! *

@_date: 1998-04-29 19:13:43
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hi Dear Friend.
     I know you are looking for ways to either start your own home based business or looking for new ideas or products to enhance your current
business. Well, we have good news for *everyone*.      We have been closed for a while now so that we could  implement a
whole new design for our business.  We wanted to create a business that
had everything you need to start a new  business or find new ideas, products
and services for your existing business. We wanted  everything to be one website so that you would not have too look elsewhere for your needs.
     We are very proud to announce that we have completed our project. Our website is now open again. We are your *total* business resource.
We have your complete business needs all in one website. We have *millions*
of e-mail addresses, over 1000 business reports in various areas, classifieds,
software library, Bulk Friendly and Non-Bulk hosting and e-mail service
and MUCH MORE!!! Our membership is a one time LOW payment plus you can earn a referral
fee for *everyone* you sponsor!!  The biggest  problem with starting a new business on the Internet is,
most people don't where to go to find the information or products they need. And for those already in business, they may know where or how to find something, but  they just don't have the time to surf the Web  for hours. Come and visit our website for *all* your Internet Business needs!!
We now offer "Bullet Proof" webhosting AND E-Mail Addresses  at an affordable rate. No more hassles from your ISP or web
hosting service!! You will NOT find a better deal on
bulk friendly hosting ANYWHERE!!!  So, become a member TODAY and get  your business moving!!!

@_date: 1998-06-19 02:12:04
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Never Recieve Junk Mail Again! 
Wouldn't it be great to never get junk e-mail again? Well, No one can make you that promise unfortunetly....but you can Profit from junk e-mail.There's an old saying "If you can't beat em..join em!" You can make incredible money sending your own mass e-mails. If you own your own business or have a product or idea to sell , then you probably know that all advertising works..it's just a question of whether it's cost effective or not. What could be more cost effective that a ZERO cost of adverising? If you sent out 500,000 e-mails which would take you only a few minutes to set your computer up to do,and you only recieved one half of one percent responce..that would be 2500 people responding to your ad. And the cost to do it was NOTHING. Junk e-mail is here to stay, the U.S Congress in their infinite wisdom has recently passed legislation legitimizing mass e-mail. So wouldn't it be nice to laugh every time you recieve a piece of junk e-mail from someone because you'll know for every one you recieve ,you're sending out hundreds of  thousands. If your computer is sitting idle while you're at work or play...your crazy! You could be earning money while your asleep,at work or out having fun. It's not like you have to sit there and watch it run!
     So why isn't every one doing it. Well, your local internet service provider spent lots of money installing filtering equiptment to keep out this so called junk e-mail and in fact for years there's been sort of a fun little war going on between the junk e-mail software writers and the internet serrvice provider filter software writers to see who could out smart who.The end result is that sending mass e-mails legally has become an art . But it's really all about knowing the secrets and having the right software.
      AVATAR Publishing is offering you the type of expertise and support that would take you years to learn.We know all the secrets (obviously or you wouldn't be reading this would you?) and we have the software to deliver to most of the internet service providers. So her's the offer... AVATAR is offering you a mass e-mail starter kit complete with step by step instructions on how to get sarted sending out mass e-mail...a current explanation of what's legal and not legal...how to extract e-mail addresses from the internet ...how to get targeted e-mail addresses...a FREE trial version of the most effective mass e-mail software program ever developed...a list of bulk e-mail friendly internet service providers....a complete explaination of the secrets of how to legally get your mail through the filtering and why it works....and finally a real telephone number so you can have technical support and keep updated on new developments in the mass e-mail community.The total cost of this kit is only  $29     If you would like to stop having you computer sit idle while your at work or asleep and start having it make money for you  .....   Send $29  to AVATAR Publishing
                                                                                  832 Colorado Blvd.
                                                                                  Los Angeles,Ca 90041 If you would like to be removed from our e-mail list ,send a written request to the above

@_date: 1998-06-22 17:23:58
@_author: Martin C Sweitzer 
@_subject: export Laws regarding less than 40 bit encryption 
Can anyone point me to a document that clearly states the laws governing
the export of software with less than 40 bits worth of encryption. The ITAR made my head hurt.  (damn lawyers)

@_date: 1998-07-21 13:34:04
@_author: Richard Storey 
@_subject: Re: NSA's Long Strong Arm 
At the first article is the most interesting. It demonstrates what I have
always believed, that the state's reason for limiting encryption was
mainly to pressure corporations, who are driven by profits, to adopt the
state's desired encryption features. These NSA-approved products from
American corporations should be seen as contaminated, tainted and
Would you purchase hardware or software that meets the government's
export standards--approved by NSA?
"Never," Davis declared. "My customers come first!"
Richard Storey

@_date: 1998-07-27 11:35:30
@_author: "Your Yashy" 
@_subject: Spam Help 
I was wondering if I could get some help setting up a filter. I'd liketo create a folder called "SPAM". Then all email that are in the spam folder, I would like forwarded to abuse@  that it was sent from. I'm using Pegasus Email 3.01b
thnx in advance.
"I, of course, deny I called judge Santiago Campos a FASCIST PIG"
-bill payne June 19, 1998
100 YashDollars to first person to try every link.
(including links derived from links)
p.s. SPAM PROOF Email address. Remove the "*" to reply.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
1/3 miles from that point.  There now remain 466 2/3 miles to go, and
bananas to eat, leaving the camel with 533 1/3 bananas upon reaching the
other side.
If the camel eats bananas in discrete quanta, we lose the fractional
banana.

@_date: unknown_date
@_author: TM 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
where US BOP staff had murdered an inmate
by sticking an Electric Cattle Prod up his ass -
told his fellow inmates, "I'm sure glad I'm
Defcon McCullagh Chainsaw, who went
from being a Hard Time ReportWhore to lounging
around the Recreation Cages getting Wired on Cheap
Columbian Coffee, shrugged off last minute
efforts by the Kontrollers to Kheat by appealing
to the Judge for a two-week Extension to
the Original Finish Line.
"The Kontrollers lost," Chainsaw said with
a condescending smirk, "Plain & Simple."
Defonc speculated that the GovernMint's clever
2-week Extension Charade might have worked
if Parker's Mind hadn't Thought, as it went
Over The Wall whille listening to Pink Floyd on
"One Small XOR for a CypherPunk, one Giant
GovernMint Scrambled Mind Fuck for the Citizens."
Yogi 'Smarter Than Your Batting Average' Berra
told Nutly News ReportWhores,
  "It's the Fat Lady singing, all over again."
'Shoeless Arnold TruthMonger' (as Parker became
known after Dedicating his Mental Marathon to
the Last True CypherPunk rather than admit
his mind was slipping, and *he* couldn't find
*his* shoes, either) told Defcon McCullagh
"I'm glad to be back in CyberMind, although
I feel kind of bad about leaving Bill Gates'
mind and Carl Johnson's Body back there
in the prison cell.
"But What the Hell (TM)," he said, adding,
"Broken Eggs & All That (TCM)."]

@_date: 1998-12-09 12:06:49
@_author: PST 
@_subject: CALL 1-800-HOT-PUSSY....CALL NOW!! 
Content-Length: 651
Lines: 33
Hi Sexy,
I am lonely waiting for you to call me. Let me be the "Little Secret" in your life!
These lines are extremely xxx-rated. Adults over 18 only!!! Sex starved
girls will give you a hot sexual experience you'll never forget. Not
recommended for people with weak hearts or bad backs!!!
Call 1-800-HOT-PUSSY(468-7877)
$2.99-$4.99 per min.        Billed by Teleworld
Visa/Mastercard/Amex      Must be over 18
Call 1-900-288-LIVE(5483) (US ONLY)
Billed as 1-ON-1 on your phone bill
$25.00 per call    Must be over 18
1-900-451-PUSSY(7877) (Canada)
$2.99-$4.99 per min. (US $)
CALL NOW!!!     CALL NOW!!!       CALL NOW!!!

@_date: 1998-12-14 22:32:08
@_author: PST 
@_subject: CALL 1-800-HOT-PUSSY....CALL NOW!! 
Content-Length: 651
Lines: 33
Hi Sexy,
I am lonely waiting for you to call me. Let me be the "Little Secret" in your life!
These lines are extremely xxx-rated. Adults over 18 only!!! Sex starved
girls will give you a hot sexual experience you'll never forget. Not
recommended for people with weak hearts or bad backs!!!
Call 1-800-HOT-PUSSY(468-7877)
$2.99-$4.99 per min.        Billed by Teleworld
Visa/Mastercard/Amex      Must be over 18
Call 1-900-288-LIVE(5483) (US ONLY)
Billed as 1-ON-1 on your phone bill
$25.00 per call    Must be over 18
1-900-451-PUSSY(7877) (Canada)
$2.99-$4.99 per min. (US $)
CALL NOW!!!     CALL NOW!!!       CALL NOW!!!

@_date: 1998-12-21 14:02:41
@_author: PST 
@_subject: the greatest date line in america!! 
Content-Length: 548
Lines: 38
Are you looking for love,marriage or just someone to have fun?
Men and woman who could share your own interest are waiting
to hear from you!  match yourself with the right person!
thousands of single peoples wants to hear you!
and you can talk with people of your area!
don't feel lonely anymore!
just call the greatest date line in america! 10 minutes free of charge when you call!
call now!
1-800-939-8355 (credit card)
only $2.99 per minute,no minimum.
must be 18+ to call.
