
@_date: 1998-07-03 19:50:49
@_author: Global Web Builders 
@_subject: One Nation web site temporarily off-line 
Dear One Nation supporter in NSW
You will note from my email that I am not using the normal gwb
Last night at about 6.30pm Optus "pulled the plug" on my Internet Service
Provider (Pronet) who I have NOW been informed are facing financial
difficulties. (I only found out today after making enquiries as to why I
could not access my ISP.)
This has caused all contact with the "gwb" web sites (which includes One
Nation) to be cut off. If you try to contact them you will come up with a
"DNS error".
I am currently relocating the web site and will be seeking a new ISP who can
offer One Nation "the best deal". This will take some time, perhaps a few
days, and in the mean time I apologise for any inconvenience.
As soon as the One Nation website is up and running I will advise you.
Please note that the Internet address will remain the same as it was.
In the meantime be assured that One Nation being "off air" is not related to
any conspiracy, lack of support from our part or any other misinformation
that might be fed to you through the media.
As always GWB stands 100% behind Pauline Hanson and her competent team.
Scott Balson

@_date: 1998-07-06 13:56:05
@_author: Global Web Builders 
@_subject: Update on status of Pauline Hanson's One Nation web sites 
G'day One Nation supporters in NSW
I am Scott Balson, Pauline Hanson's web master and the moderator of the now
defunct discussion forum mentioned in a recent news letter. You will notice
that I am not using my normal "gwb" email.
I apologise for the demise of the very successful discussion forum, but may
I say that nothing surprises me any more.
The forum was run on a third party web site and the owner took two weeks
leave on Sunday - the day before the forum "shut down".
Quite simply it was hacked by an unknown person because it was so
successful. This is the face of free speech in Australia. NOTE: The hacker
was not the site owner.
To make matters worse, last Friday, the One Nation pages went down after the
ISP we used, Pronet, had their link closed by Optus because of financial
difficulties... we have taken remedial action and hope to have the site
fully operational in the next 48 hours at:
The last few weeks I have seen, heard of and personally faced a growing
number of personal attacks aimed at those involved in the One Nation party.
In my case this has included being followed while driving my car (last week)
and phone calls from the media wanting me to comment on "anonymous",
unsubstantiated and trumped-up allegations that were made personally against
me. (For example, when questioned about his call to me on Sunday Rory
Callinan from "The (News Limited) Courier Mail" confirmed that they would
not normally bother with allegations made on this basis but my role within
the party had made an anonymous allegation "newsworthy" and worth pursuing.)
This follows the party's success in the Queensland state elections.
May I just say that this makes me realise that One Nation is obviously
having a big impact on those who have got the most to lose and through their
actions they have just increased my resolve to do all that I can to ensure
Pauline Hanson and the party get a "fair go" on the Internet even if this
right is denied by the mainstream media.
The events and incidents against the party will continue to be covered on my
Australian National News of the Day (anotd) which should be live again soon
(also temporarily closed because of the Pronet collapse) The address for
anotd is: The agenda for getting One Nation back on-line and the discussion form up
and running again is as follows:
One Nation web site and anotd fully operation by Friday 10th July (probably
Discussion forum (through GWB) fully operational by end of July.
I will keep this group informed when the discussion forum is again
operational and once again apologise for the temporary loss of our forum in
which to discuss issues.
Please do not respond to this temporary account unless it is on a matter of
The gwb email address will be up and running again by this weekend.
Scott Balson
Pauline Hanson's Web Master

@_date: 1998-07-08 23:35:28
@_author: Global Web Builders 
@_subject: One Nation going back on-line 
Dear Pauline Hanson's One Nation supporter in NSW
We are pleased to be able to advise that the problems faced following the
financial collapse of our Internet Service Provider (ISP), Pronet, have now
been resolved.
During the last week we have:
- re-directed the "gwb" and "onenation" domain's to our new ISP.
- established 170 mBytes of data including several hundred images and
hundreds of related One Nation web pages and thousands of links on the new host.
- begun the process of establishing a moderated discussion board at our new
ISP (under our direct control).
It is important to realise that the DNS re-delegation of the "gwb" and
"onenation" domain names will "filter through" over the next 48 hours. In
the meantime establishing a link with:
onenation.com.au or might be a temporary problem until your DNS look-up is updated on your ISP.
If you come across links that do not work on our new ISP please contact GWB
with the URL that you tried to access the link from and the link "caption"
(eg 'take this link to see...'). Your assistance in this regard would be
greatly appreciated.
By Sunday, 12th July, you should be able to access the full One Nation web
site and Australian News of the Day web sites USING YOUR OLD BOOKMARKS.
Please Note: A summary of news on this week's Australian National News of
the Day (anotd) will be available on fax back number: 1902 211037 from
tomorrow (Friday) afternoon. Last week's summary of the anotd is currently
available at that number for Australian based recipients of this email.
The cost is 75 cents per minute. The email currently address being used (vjb has been on a
temporary basis and will no longer be used by the writer after the end of July.
The "gwb email address will be active when you are able to
access the One Nation web sites through your old bookmarks.
Once again we apologise for this break in providing you Pauline Hanson's One
Nation on-line and thank you for your patience and support.
Scott Balson
Pauline Hanson's Web Master
