
@_date: 1994-03-24 23:32:19
@_author: Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi 
@_subject: :220 HELO T1A 
Hypothetical of hypothetical situations:
        - User has ISDN
        - User has PowerMac 8100-80
Needs a *secure* connection.  Does any one know how I can chain
it up?  Is there a T1A connection to an Apple Nubus 90?  Can I
get a little bit of interference for a little privacy?
Sorry to be the bother and thanks in advance.

@_date: 1994-04-06 00:05:11
@_author: Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi 
@_subject: Rubbish Lister 
I've been following the remailer debate, and have found it's
easier to understand in code.  Right now, I am trying to find a
regular expression which unfolds the from line.  All it
does is parse on the message using :: for a command
(That should finish up the first parse.)
It keeps a subject from the header but overwrites it.  And it
keeps track of who sent the mail in case they want something sent
back.  It looks for /^command/ in the command block (it reads in
lines of 2) and acts accordingly.  (To: is understood, but
unfolding the rest?????)  It also sends an operator message based
on log and debugging levels.
I'm editting this code myself, both so that I understand it and
can maintain it.  My problems are twofold, first,  the operator can look at the messages.  Although, why would anyone want to, given the risks? Second, PGPPASS on a multi-user system gives a false sense of security.  Definitely, not a feature.
So, I've got skeleton code, which way to turn, how to flesh it out.
"My memory is so bad, that many times I forget my own name!"

@_date: 1994-04-16 22:06:53
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: New Remailer 
Could someone give me some quick direction on installing  and
running a new remailer.  Due to system constraints, I've had to rewrite some of the mailer
software, I've tested it, and it seems to operate fine.  My question is what is necessary, to create an address for the
remailer?  I'd like it addressed as something other than my
personal account.  Do I contact my sysadmins for a new address,
or is this something which is user configurable.
BTW:  Do I open up the remailer to the public or do I ask some of
the users of remailers to help me test it prior to a world release.

@_date: 1994-04-17 11:39:35
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: New Remailer 
Well, many people run their remailer from their personal account, but if
you want a special account for your remailer, you'll have to ask your
If you want any help with testing it, I can help, and I'm sure many
others would be willing to as well.
Thanks for running a remailer!

@_date: 1994-04-21 04:48:04
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Re: Dirty Laundry... 
Yes, it is prohibitted to be both long and short the same
contract at the same time.  It creates a false open-interest
(i.e.  It presents an illusion to the market that a position is
open when in point of fact it is a "scam" transaction, it is
misleading to participants in the marketplace.)
As to the idea of swapping tickets, it ignores normal audit
Trading procedure is as follows:
(With thanks to Bruce M. Collins, V.P. Equity Arbitrage Group,
Index Products Research, Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and James A.
Schmidt, V.P. Equity Arbitrage Group, Shearson Lehman Hutton
A customer decides to hedge a position.  The trader phones
directly to the floor of the appropriate exchange and places the
order with a floor broker.  The floor broker executes the order
on the floor, and phones a report back to the trader, where the
order ticket is written and the customer account number is
reported to the floor.  The wire operator books the trade to the
customer's account and sends a hard copy confirm to the firm's
branch where the customer is located.
On a nightly basis, the operation area of the brokerage firm will
match all trade tickets to the hard copy confirms to verify the
contract.  The buy/sell, price, quantity, account number,
open/close will all be checked for accuracy and commissions
calculated for each ticket.  In addition, operations will send
details of the all the trades to the Clearing Corporation which
then matches buy and sell orders across brokerage house
inventories, and in the event of discrepancies adjusts contracts
and dollars where necessary.
Prior to sending the customer a confirm, a trading desk clerk
will match trade tickets and reports with the hard copy customer
confirms to verify the account.  On properly matched trades the
confirm is sent to the customer.  If a correction is necessary,
the clerk will adjust the trade and again verify all trade
information on the confirms the next morning.
Finally, the firm's margin department will settle all contracts.
A check is issued on a sell to the customer, or on a buy the
customer will deliver an escrow receipt from his bank.  In
addition, the margin department will assign operating
requirements for any opening short positions and issue and margin
call that may be necessary for new or existing positions.
(This is performed on a nightly basis.)
So, in short, yes a broker can swap tickets, however it does
leave a full audit trail.  Swapped tickets provide no anonymity.
In this regard, the problem is the same as that of remailers.  There are additional issues as well, money laundering usually
involves laundering cash.  Firms will not routinely accept cash
deposits for margin.  Funds must be on deposit, and freely
available in order for the firm to settle it's daily accounts.

@_date: 1994-04-21 05:13:30
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Financial Markets 
I thought I'd follow up on the Dirty Laundry Posts:
One matter must always be considered.  The market is influenced
by an infinite number of variables.  There is no magic formula,
no perfect multiple regression that will unfailingly predict the
market's direction.  The guy with the fool proof black box does
not last, or you would have read about him by now.
Although no one has discovered El Dorado, certain people do
emerge as consistent winners in the stock market or futures.
They are outnumbered by losers.  Fifty years ago, those
consistent winners may have been the people who had the most
access to inside information.  There is virtually no inside
information today that will dramtically move the market as a
whole.  Yet there are still consistent winners in the markets.
Can market feel really help if stock prices do indeed take a
random walk?  Consider a migrating goose.  It may appear to be on
some sort of random flight, but an ornithologist who has studied
the behaviour of geese in similar circumstances might feel
comfortable makinf certain predictions about a particular bird.
If it's October, that goose is flying south even if it
temporarily changes direction for no apparent reason.  Maybe it
tends to fly at between 1,200 and 1,800 feet.  It usually follows
a leader.  The more you study the more you know.  Even the
experts won't know where the thing will land.  But to them its
flight odes not appear quite so random.
So what is this mysterious market feel?  Developing a sense of
how the market has reacted to similar circumstances.  Assessing
what is different about this situation.  Talking to eople because
they may have thought of something you overlooked.  Assimilating
new information quickly.  Adhering to rules to keep losses small
enough to minimize the amount netted out from the gains.  Playing
the percentages.  Maybe a facility for numbers.  Maybe a dash of
luck.  Perhaps ten years of experience, rather than one year of
experience repeated ten times over.
I'd be happy to continue discussions with interested parties
since I have copious amounts of spare time.  Right now though,
it's write code time.

@_date: 1994-04-21 06:49:11
@_author: Istvan Steve Oszaraz von Keszi 
@_subject: Re: Money Laundering through Options market. 
Of course the keys are the use of European exercise options rather than American.  Recall that the payoff pattern for an option can be written succinctly as
                   Max (S-X,0) where the market price of the underlying asset is (S) and the exercise price is (X).  This expression of intrinsic value says that an option is worth whichever is greater, the asset price minus the exercise price or zero.
The most important pricing relationship derived from arbitrage is known as "put-call parity."  If S is the price of the underlying asset, C is the price of a euro-call with an exercise of X and P is the price of a Euro -put with the same strike price X and expiration date as the call then:
             Put-Call Parity: C - P = S - PV(X)
The call price minus the put price must equal the current price of the underlying asset minus the present value of the strike price, discounted back from the expiration date.
At option expiration, while we won't have any knowledge of what prices will be at that time, we do know that if it is above X the call will be in the money and the put will be out of the money.  The reverse will be true if the price is below X.  Since the two portfolios will have the same values at expiration, if they didn't cost the same amount at the beginning there would be an arbitrage.  Investors buy the cheaper portfolio and sell the more costly one, and keep the balance as a riskless profit.  At expiration portfolio proceeds from the bought portfolio would offset the one they were short.  This trade would continue in unlimited volume, so the situation cannot be an equilibrium.  The only stable possibility is that the two portfolios must cost the same which proves that C - P = S - PV(X).
Options as such provide a strategy for producing "synthetic" securities out of such combinations.  The put-call parity relation shows how buying a call and writing a put produces the same pattern as buying the underlying asset and financing the part of the purchase with borrowing.  These synthetics can then be the basis of derivatives.
However, normal caveats apply.  Cost elements must be taken into account.  One is commissions and "market impact" costs.  In an actual trading strategy, it is necessary to deduct the transaction costs getting into the position at the beginning and unwinding it at the end.  These involve commissions on all the securities traded plus impact costs due to the fact that securities have to be purchased at the market's ask price and sold at the bid price, and a large transaction may also cause those prices to move unfavourably.  These costs are inversely related.  Large transactions carry lower commissions while they tend to have greater market impact cost.  Other factors are taxation, and tax treatment which will depend on numerous factors.  Tax treatment is very complex.  In order
to minimize to minimize bandwidth, I will ignore that  enormous detail.
Actually, there is no cap on the size of contracts which can be executed.  Minimum transaction size on the interbank market is $1m USD
Perhaps, this is the general misconception.  It is the small transactions, relatively speaking, which attract analytical attention.  The larger transactions are generally ignored since there is no overseeing authority.  The recent 'problems'/successes reported widely by the popular media are red herrings.  The market breadth is over $200 billion hourly, 24 hours a day, seven days per week.  (Recall that, that is close to the entire annual US deficit.)
I guess, that depends on the definition of 'easily'.  There is no centralized transactions database, as there is no centralized clearing.  Some clearing is done on BIS in Basel, but only on a net basis.  So if someone maintains a balanced book they clear 0.
True, it requires transnational jurisdictional support.  And since regulations are usually sovereign, . . . well, it's a nightmare.  Take for example the SEC requesting documents from a market participant.  The risk is that the participant complies and dumps ten moving vans full of hardcopy documentation on the desk of the regulator, all unindexed. My maze ment is unbounded.
That's a bet ;-)
I take it the check is in the mail??

@_date: 1994-04-25 04:50:16
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: taming the wild pgp 
While I can't say that I know a darn thing about pgp, try (from the
pgp ciphertextfile [-o plaintextfile]

@_date: 1994-04-28 15:14:52
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Re: PGP Question: 
Sorry Derek, you lost me on this one.  Why should there be
signature revocations?  When you sign a key, all you are vouching
for is the integrity of the key, and not the integrity of the
key issuer.  At least that was my understanding.  When would a signature revocation be necessary?  The only time I can think of
a use for this, is if someone has signed a key indiscriminately,
in which case you shouldn't be trusting the validity of any of the signatory's signatures, since their signatures are
If I'm erring in some way, could someone please clairfy?

@_date: 1994-04-28 16:09:54
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Re: PGP Question: 
Uhh, right.  But all a person has to do is issue a key revocation
certificate.  Now if someone CAN'T issue a signed certificate, then
that is a problem.  And a good problem to have.  Otherwise how would we know that a
revocation is valid?
Then again just create a new key and get the key signed.  You can
carry a key with you from email address to email address.  You can edit your own user id, with I believe pgp -ke.  If you do
have to get a "brand new key" cut, you can get your key signed by
someone over the phone, (that is if you trust the phone :-),
But if no one trust you over the phone, your SOL, unless of
course you had someone sign your keys and not just your key, in which case there really isn't a big problem.  A gram of prevention is worth a whole hell of a lot.
Did you say you were at MIT?

@_date: 1994-04-28 16:20:58
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Re: RSA-129 
Now let's see, where's my slide rule, let's see 5,000 mips years
at $30,000 /mips = damn, where is that calculator. :-)
Nahh, couldn't be,

@_date: 1994-04-28 17:36:09
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Re: PGP Question 
Gee, either that or the Towers of Hanoi.  O.K., quick now off the
top of my head.  Make a key.  Make an ultimately trusted key for
each of your employees.  Have employees make their key.  Sign
each of the employees keys with your ultimately trusted key for
employee.  Fire all of your employees.  Worry about someone
thinking that said employee is still an employee, revoke ultimately trusted key for employee.
Yes, a key management problem, but maybe someone could write
some code . . .
(You know, I much prefer multiple guess.)

@_date: 1994-04-28 17:46:01
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Re: RSA-129 
Sorry, we're in Canada, eh.  Loooonies, eh.  And you wonder why
big-iron sales are bleak??
Quote of the week:
IBM unveiled it's new line of mainframes before an audience of
300 customers at a Toronto hotel.
Over heard at the bar:  " I never realized, there were OTHERS,
                          I thought we were the only ones !! "

@_date: 1994-05-02 19:32:19
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: RE: The American money capture 
Gee that's like asking, is it too complex and lengthy to explain
how crpyto works?  But here goes.  I'm posting this purely in regards to how it
relates to digital money and how value can be given to it.  In it's simplest form money is simply debits and credits kept on
certain ledgers.  Let me present the most simple example.  Alice
has a supply of money.  Let's say a $1000.  She deposits this in
her favourite bank.  The bank then lends the money to Bob.  Alice
has $1000, and now Bob has $1000.  The supply of money is now
Bob then spends the $1000, he borrowed. The seller deposits this,
which the bank then relends, and on and on. So money grows, and
grows, eventually becoming valueless.
Central banks try to limit growth by using interest rates to
reduce the demand for money, and by requiring banks to post
reserves with their central bank on their deposits.  This theoretically keeps a cap on money growth.  If the central
bank raises the reserve rate the banks have less money to lend,
since they must post their reserves not just on new money, but on
old money that they've already lent out.
So if Alice deposits $1000, and there's a reserve rate of 10%,
then only $900 can be lent, and then $810, and then $729, as the
money makes it's way through the economy. The central banks can also control interest rates, and reduce the
demand for money or vice versa.  Since a change in reserve rates, affects not only new deposits, but old deposits as
well, it's a very powerful instrument.
Unfortunately, (and this is where it really gets interesting,
there are no reserve requirements in international money centers,
with London being the center of most of this money.  These funds
are called Euro-Funds, and the interest quoted is the London
Inter Bank Offer Rate. (LIBOR). Most of the growth of money
occurred, here during the 1970's, when OPEC put the world into shell
shock with their sudden increase in the oil price.  OPEC nations
had billions of dollars which they deposited in London.  These
funds were then relent primarily to nations, which then spent the
money on *projects*.  (Marcos comes to mind, as well as Brazil
and the destruction of the rain forests, but I digress)
The problem of course is that since these funds are non-domestic.
Domestic central banks can't control them.  It's a free for all.
So the money went around, and around, growing and growing, until
it slowly became worthless.  The only thing that keeps money
growth in check is market discipline and faith.  The whole house
of cards doesn't come tumbling down, because Alice has faith that
she has $1000.  In reality the emperor has no clothes.
No, most major currencies are not on the Gold Standard.  They
float purely in relation to other currencies.  So what gives
money it's value?  Purely, the loans which back it up.  This is
why it is practically impossible to stop, eco-disasters from
continuing.  If the countries that have "borrowed" this money
default, the whole thing collapses.  It collapses everywhere,
Now we get to the problem with digital money. It's a stand alone
system with no "faith" in it and with no growth built in.  Faith
is the only thing that keeps things working, that and legislating
paper as legal tender, so people are forced to accept it.
Obviously, legislating digital money as legal tender is outside
our power.  Putting growth into the system without destroying
faith is also very difficult.  The only logical step is to make
digital money repesent something.  It must be convertable into
something that people already have faith in.  Otherwise I fear,
that digital money may not fly.

@_date: 1994-05-03 06:27:26
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Re: Virtual Cash 
Exactly, digital money must be fungible, with some other unit of
value.  But limiting it to USD, is not the way to go.
Individuals should be able to pick and choose which currency they
want their digital money to represent.  U.S. banks are problematic.  They tend to be unstable.  I propose
the following banks which currently have a AA rating or better:
Alegemene Bank Netherland
Credit Suisse
Swiss Bank Corp
Barclays Bank
Union Bank of Switzerland
J.P. Morgan
The legal structure is also quite elementary and so is the
software. (Although I don't profess to be a software expert.)  I'll put the software issue aside for a moment, and concentrate
on the structural part of the system.  The appropriate structure is an "investment club" which in point
of fact is a private mutual fund.  The club has a trustee, I'd
suggest an account run by either by a trust company or by a lawyer.
The lawyer receives the funds in her trust account, and signs and
acknowledges each receipt.  She then invests the funds into
deposits at approved institutions, or in Government guaranteed
securities.  In essence, it's no different than a money market
fund. The fund itself is purely an international partnership, domiciled
as a Liechtensteinian Anstalt.  An anstalt has unique
characteristics in that it is both a private foundation and a
corporation, and receives unique legal treatment.  I'll leave the discussion here, since the complexities are quite
voluminous and move on to the software.
The mm package, provides a jumping point.  Of course it's the
server module which should be used by the client.  Each client
uses the server to "create" their money.  The money is then sent
to the trustee, who upon receipt of funds in her trust account
signs each unit of money.  The coins can then be exchanged, as in
the mm package.  Now, if someone wants to redeem the coins, back
into currency, they send the coins to the trustee with a request
that funds be paid according to instructions with the signed
coins.  The trustee can then send appropriate amount of funds
wherever the instructions call for.  Faith in the system builds as coins can either be accepted by an
individual or can be converted by the individual into what
actually backs up the system, cash.  All the trusttee has to do is
differentiate between a message which is transferring coins, and
a message which is redeeming coins.  Easy as pie.
A message which is transferring coins simply signs the new coins
and removes the old coins from the list.  A message redeeming
coins, removes the coins from the list, and sends funds to the
appropriate individual.

@_date: 1994-05-03 07:13:40
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: RE: The American money capture 
Sorry, but cash in circulation is a very small, infinitesimally
small portion of "money supply".  No one in the system really has
faith in M-1, M-2, and M-3 anymore, simply because they do not
reflect reality. Sure she can, especially if she's depositted the money in a
demand account.  Let me simplify some more.  Alice deposits her
$1000,  she then wirtes a check for a $1,000 and deposits it to
her business account.  She then writes a check on here business
account and deposits it in another account, and so on, until she
finally writes a check back to herself to cover her original
check.  Throughout the process, she has created money.  Money
which she can use to collect interest.  This is known a s kiting
and is illegal if an individual does it since they can use the
created money to earn interest.  As long as institutions keep
accepting Alice's checks, she's creating money which she can use.
Try a very simple experiment with your local bank.  Go in
unannounced and attempt to make a very large cash withdrawl.
They will do everything in their power to give you a draft and
not cash, since there usually is not enough cash on hand.  Also
call your local bank, and ask for foreign exchange.  Get a
buy/sell rate on sterling cash and sterling drafts.  You'll be
surprised to find that your sterling cash is worth less than a
sterling draft.  Generally, this is because cash is awkward.
Eaxactly, most financial institutions tend to "borrow" from their
customers (Depositors) on the very short term, and lend on the
long term.  So if all the Alice's wanted their money at once, the
money would not be there.  The problem in international banking
was and continues to be Jumbo loans ($1,000,000,000+) which are
generally syndicated.  These loans when they went into default,
or the risk of default trigger cross-default provisions in loan
agreements which makes all loans to that borrower non-performing.
Unfortunately, many institutions had a substantial amount of
their capital and reserves, lent to single borrowers, so a
default would make them bankrupt as opposed to insolvent.
Yes, except the way banks collect interest on Jumbos is simply to
lend them more money, so they can pay the interest.  Look at the
U.S.  The entire nation simply keeps borrowing money to pay the
interest on the money they borrowed.  This gets added to the
principal and the amount of the debt compounds.  This means that
next year, more money is owed, and so more money has to be
borrowed to pay the interest on the money which was borrowed
before.  Not a pretty sight.  Here in Canada, our Government actually has an operating surplus
on it's program spending.  But the interest costs on our
accumulated debt, keep piling up, each year taking an ever
greater chunk out of revenues.  Now, we are cutting health care,
deindexing pensions, closing schools, closing hospitals, doing
whatever we can to keep our heads above water.  All to pay the
interest on our debt, which keeps growing and growing.
The trust issue is fungible.  If you trust Yankee greenbacks, and
my receipts rank pari-pasu, with them, then you trust my
receipts.  No reserve is necessary, because I don't make loans.
And since I don't make loans, and don't pay interest, I'm not a
bank subject to banking regulations.  All I am is a trustee.
Exactly, except convertible to what?  Do you want Swiss Francs?
Yen? Sterling? Canadian? Australian?  Gold? Oil?  It depends on
what you're going to use the cash for.  My view is that it is up
to the client to decide how they want their funds held.
Personally, I have a Canadian Dollar account, which I use for my
day to day purchases, and I keep a US Dollar account for when I
travel south of the border.  I also keep an account in Schillings.

@_date: 1994-05-07 21:18:19
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Is the List dead? 
Is the list dead?  Haven't seen anything now  for an extended

@_date: 1994-05-17 12:30:41
@_author: "Istvan Oszaraz von Keszi" 
@_subject: Re: Makeing MagicMoney worth something. 
First I'd like to announce that I'm back on the list.
Guess all the xcitement is over, huh?
I'll interject here.  You are not a bank, if you structure
yourself correctly.  What you are, is someone who is issuing
redeemable notes.  Or alternatively you are a trustee.  If I gave
money to my escrow agent, to be paid to me when I want it, she
would not be a bank.  And if you'll pardon me if someone has
missed this, (I have been absent for a bit), but the key element
in all of these matters is jurisdiction.  Who regulates all of this?
The answer of course is no one.  The idea of adding value to
money is very good.  But the methodology which should be utilized
is to have value added in one jurisdiction while redemption is in
another.  The actual storage of value could be in a third.  This
is the underlying mechanics.  BUT, THE LOCATION OF THE BANK is
nowhere, since it is in cyberspace (gads, I HATE that word).
Unfortunately, too many people are focusing on the net as a way
of communicating between locations rather than as an organism
unto itself.  Let me give a quick example.  How difficult would it be to use a
system of anonymous remailers, as a large scale machine.  Each
mailer uses it's latency to communicate it's bit.  True each, bit
is on a physical machine as an electronic impulse, but that bit
is meaning less.  It is indistinguishable from any other.  This
would mean that the bank, would be everywhere simultaneously,
without being anywhere at all.  It shouldn't be too difficult to
ensure that no bit is critical, and that each bit is expendable
Comments anyone.
