
@_date: 1994-09-08 17:02:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: internet pricing paper 
Hope that this is new to everyone here--
Paper: ewp-comp/9401001
Title:Some Economics of the Internet
Author:Jeffrey K.~MacKie-Mason Hal R. Varian
Institution: University of Michigan, Dept of Economics
WPA References: None
Comments: Postscript file submitted via ftp in compressed format.
This is a preliminary version of a paper prepared for the
Tenth Michigan Public Utility Conference at Western Michigan
University March 25--27, 1992.  We describe the history, technology
and cost structure of the Internet.  We also describe a possible
smart-market mechanism for pricing traffic on the Internet.
Paper: ewp-comp/9401002
Title:Pricing the Internet
Author:Jeffrey K.~MacKie-Mason Hal R. Varian
Institution: University of Michigan, Dept of Economics
WPA References: None
Comments: Postscript file submitted via ftp in compressed format.
This paper was prepared for the conference ``Public Access
to the Internet,'' JFK School of Government, May 26--27 , 1993.  We
describe some of the technology and costs relevant to pricing access
to and usage of the Internet, and discuss the components of an
efficient pricing structure.  We suggest a possible smart-market
mechanism for pricing traffic on the Internet.
The easiest way to locate these papers is to do a Veronica search on the
string "Economics of the Internet". If you can only handle ftp, the
documents are archived on the anonymous ftp server in the Department of
Economics at Washington University.
The two papers whose abstract appears above are in compressed postscript
form as,
9401001.ps.Z and 9401002.ps.Z

@_date: 1994-09-09 20:29:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: help! 
I'm having problems posting to the cypherpunks list. I was hoping
you might be able to help me. could you post this?
I am in the process of starting beta tests on some server-based
email filtering software. I need some volunteers to help debug the
system. I'll have to ask you to commit to an informal, temporary
nondisclosure agreement. If you are interested, please send me mail.

@_date: 1994-09-13 17:15:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: prototype reputation system READY 
I have a prototype reputation system ready for testing. I think
many cypherpunks who have debated this topic will be very interested to see the model. It comes very close to ideas knocked around here
recently and in the distant past.
I'm looking for some volunteers who can help me debug it to the point
of being a reliable "production" version. This will involve nothing
more than subscribing to a mailing list and testing some of the
commands (whichever you wish to experiment with). The entire system is email- and server- based. Email me for more information. I intend that the software, after refined to a degree of stability, will be released in the public domain.
I think that reputation or "ratings" systems will ultimately be very
important elements of future cyberspatial infrastructure (in some
ways even more so than the current Usenet structure), and I hope
that there are some hardy pioneers here would would like to contribute
to "civilizing cyberspace".
Thanks in advance--
Vladimir Z Nuri
``Imagination is more important than knowledge.'' (Einstein)

@_date: 1994-09-15 20:07:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: privacy in Unix environment 
Hello everyone, here is a question well suited for the c'punks.
I'm looking for some kind of utility that will allow script files
to be run, to spawn off processes, but will wipe out environment
and "ps" info from being read. i.e. imagine that the commands
being called must shield their arguments and environment from
the "ps" command run on a system. the ideal program would let
me run csh scripts but make all the unix commands called
(sort, grep, whatever) invisible to other users on my local
can it be done?
note: I am aware of the trick of using symbolic links to hide
command names.

@_date: 1994-09-15 21:03:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: reputation credit 3/3 
I am replying to a message by A.Shostack about reputation systems.
I regret that I will probably be unable to follow all aspects
of this thread due to "engagements" but the dialogue so far
has been fascinating (is anyone archiving cypherpunks for
future historians? seems like it would be *hot* material when
the world transitions to a "Cyberspatial Reality" (can't remember
where I saw that term...)
anyway, a few paragraphs caught my eye.
there is a lot of merit in the simple idea you write about above,
and I think it deserved to be explored by some "mad programmer" with
enough coding talent and free time on his hands. any takers? it seems to me that a lot of good  ideas are dismissed here for
the wrong reasons. what is one man's junk can be another man's gold.
for example, suppose such a system as you indicate is in place.
I can easily imagine that people would *love* to publicly trash
other's people's reputations as a way of saying "I hate his guts,
and I hope everyone else will not listen to him." public *negative* reputations are very important and are already
quite ubiquitous in my opinion. they are the means
by which a society exerts force on the individual to conform to social
norms. and as reprehensible as that sounds to some of you, you
cannot deny that exactly this mechanism is employed on the cypherpunks
by e.g. TCMay et.al. i.e. the way TCMay loudly *****PLONKED***** someone recently, complaining about "fools and lightweights" for the sin of sending him an encrypted message that didn't contain any interesting criminal instigations so this public broadcasting, this "*****PLONK*****" is often quite
public, and you are quite mistaken in thinking people would shy away from it, those with the greatest reputations use it as a method
of coercion, in  a sense, a kind of cyberspatial peer pressure!
"if you want to be my friend, you can't be his friend". this might
be called the Larry Detweiler effect, although it appears to me
he has been getting far to much credit lately, maybe the cypherpunk
reputation servers have been hacked I was saying to A.S. in private mail that I thought it was a pity
that the cypherpunks didn't invent something like WWW that has really taken off. For example, If remailers are the natural role of future
cyberspace, why haven't they caught on? I think because there is
no incentive for an operator to run one, and in fact quite a lot
of disincentive (who want to get the message "postmaster: please
yank this account for sending trash). the best cyberspatial technologies have an inherent
incentive to everyone that comes in contact with them, operators
in particular (example: NNTP servers are fun for news admins
to read, WWW pages are easy to install and act like miniature
bulletin boards to get responses, etc). maybe
the all-important role of anonymity and pseudonymity could gain
widespread acceptance by "piggybacking" some other amazingly desirable system (such as reputation systems).
but I really agree with A.S. that the "self-perpetuating explosion"
is critial to new cyberspatial technology. it is like a meme
spreading, like people latching on to the latest Billboard hit.
A lot of the cypherpunk *ideas* have caught on like this, e.g.
PGP, privacy, etc. but I would like to see a total *cypherpunk* software
creation reach the Cyberspatial Hall of Fame (the anon.penet.fi remailer comes
pretty darned close, but it is just one site.. and pgp, well
Phil Zimmerman has said at times he's *not* a cypherpunk, because
he wears suits ). maybe reputation systems will be the cypherpunk
magic bullet.
that makes me wonder: did Julf build his server after being inspired
by the cypherpunks? or did he get the idea somewhere else?
well, I have dropped a lot of hints in this message, and I have
asked some people to agree to nondisclosure agreements on related
issues, and it would be a bit hypocritical for me to say much more,
so I probably won't elaborate much further than what I've
said above for awhile. Mostly I wanted to give Adam Shoestack
some credit for some good ideas.
Vladimir Z Nuri
``Imagination is more important than knowledge.'' (Einstein)

@_date: 1994-11-17 20:32:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: WWWing cypherpunks 
It occured to me that a WWW browser could be used as a sophisticated
newsreader like interface to a compiled mailing list, stored on a
site. The site would archive the mailing list and index/organize
the mail under author, time, subject, etc.
I have written a lot of scripts to do WWW tasks and otehr mail parsing
utilities. I would be willing to donate the programming time to this
project if others were willing to donate the computing resources.
For the Cypherpunks list the main requirement would be plenty  of
disk space.
I would like to point out that most of the cypherpunk goals relate
to defining "what is a society in cyberspace". The cypherpunk answer
is "one that allows interaction & communicatin while at the same time preserving privacy and freedom of speech". Note that the Usenet model
does  not really hold absolute privacy as a design prerequisite. In fact the use of such mechanisms like the "nntp-posting-host"
and the closure of the network to "outsiders" actually is hostile
to pure anonymity (I will leave to others the question of whether
My point is that most cypherpunk goals could be attained by building
an infrastructure that embodies the ideas in such a way that Usenet
embodies a certain set of ideas for interaction. But the further
point is that the system must be self-rewarding in the way that
running an NNTP server is rewarding to the site operator. (Note
that the oft-noted "stifled" or "lethargic" progress of remailers is probably  due to this basic fact that there is no personal positive incentive for an operator to run one, except perhaps "admiration by cypherpunk peers", a novelty that wears off quickly in the face of heated complaints).
Anyway, if the cypherpunks were to build a system that allowed
"community interaction" the way Usenet does, kept the freedom,
but preserved the privacy, and improved the signal-to-noise
ratio, it would spread like wildfire. There would be no lamenting
the lame progress; it would be intrinsically self propagating
like a cyberspatial virus.
I am willing to contribute to this by donating programming labor
to building a WWW mailing list indexer that  could evolve into
a full-fledged communications system, if others are willing to donate some resources.
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> | Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : : : `Imagination is more important
 \/  /_ | | \_/ |\ | vznuri : : : : : : than knowlege'  (Einstein)

@_date: 1995-07-12 11:12:19
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Dr. Seuss, Technical Writer 
What If Dr. Seuss Did Technical Writing?
Here's an easy game to play.
Here's an easy thing to say:
If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port, And the bus is interrupted as a very last resort,
And the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort, Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report!
If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash,
And the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash, And your data is corrupted 'cause the index doesn't hash,
Then your situation's hopeless, and your system's gonna crash!
You can't say this?
What a shame sir!
We'll find you
Another game sir.
If the label on the cable on the table at your house,
Says the network is connected to the button on your mouse, But your packets want to tunnel on another protocol, That's repeatedly rejected by the printer down the hall,
And your screen is all distorted by the side effects of gauss So your icons in the window are as wavy as a souse,
Then you may as well reboot and go out with a bang, 'Cause as sure as I'm a poet, the sucker's gonna hang!
When the copy of your floppy's getting sloppy on the disk, And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risc,
Then you have to flash your memory and you'll want to RAM your ROM. Quickly turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html

@_date: 1995-07-13 14:02:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: speeding detected by civilians 
hate to start another endless thread on speeding limits, but
this is an interesting privacy anecdote... hope this hasn't
been posted here.
- - -------- FYI------------------FYI--------------------FYI-----------------
Vernon Hills, IL.
Vernon Hills, Illinois, a Chicago suburb, has passed legislation allowing citizens to check out radar guns from the local police department to catch speeders in their community. The radar guns are combined with cameras in order to instantaneously capture the car, license number, and the rate of speed. The citizens can check out the units for a week at a time. The police have stated that they, at this time, will use the data to issue warning letters to the violaters.

@_date: 1995-07-14 09:50:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: highway monitoring 
some info on highway monitoring/tracking programs starting up..
all with major privacy implications...
------- Forwarded Message
[Frank Durand is a concerned citizen in Washington State who is
campaigning to require public discussion before the state adopts a
far-reaching "intelligent vehicle-highway systems" plan.  Some of the
state's plans raise questions about privacy (among other things).  He
recently sent me the enclosed document, which he got from Peter Marshall
 from KSER Public Affairs in Seattle.  It is
a status report on the state Department of Transportation's advanced
technology projects, and it conveys a vivid sense of how the bureaucrats
and their industry partners are thinking.  I would encourage everybody
to call up their local state (or provincial or national) Department of
Transportation or regional transportation authority, ask to speak to
the expert on IVHS (or, in most countries besides the US, "transport
informatics"), and politely ask for the current status report on that
jurisdiction's advanced transportation technology projects.  (If they
tell you it doesn't exist, they're confused or playing bureaucratic games.
Perhaps you didn't ask for it by the right name.  Persist.)  See if you
can get the report in electronic form; otherwise get it in paper form and
get someone to scan it.  The potential privacy problems with these systems
can all be solved without significant sacrifices in functionality or cost,
so far as I can tell, through suitable choices of technology -- provided
the people in charge have been sensitized to the issues and persuaded to
take the effort to do it in the right way rather than the convenient way.
This is an urgent issue -- these plans are getting set in stone throughout
most of the world RIGHT NOW.  Let me know what you come up with.  ITS
America, by the way, is the trade association of US IVHS suppliers; it is
also an advisory board to the US Department of Transportation.  I'll be
leaving for a meeting on IVHS privacy issues at ITS America on July 22nd.
If you come up with any relevant information, it would be great if you
could send it to me by then.  Or else post details on the Privacy Digest,
privacy  -- Phil Agre, pagre
P.S.  Here is a little interesting trivia (some you know) regarding Washington State's links to ITS America: * Jack Kay is Chair of ITS America's Executive Committe - JHK & Associates   wrote "Venture Washington" for WSDOT.
* Les Jacobson is  Chair of ITS America's ATMS Technical Committee - Les Jacobsen is in Seattle and work for WSDOT.
* Walter Zavoli of Etak is Chair ITS America's Personal Portable Advanced Travelor Information Systems Technical Committee - Etak is in partnership with WSDOT, Metro (Seattle), IBM and Delco on the SWIFT Project (Seattle Wide Area Information Technology) in Seattle which received and $7 million USDOT grant for the project.
* Lawrence Yermack of Parson Brinkerhoff International is Chair of ITS America's ETTM (Electronic Toll and Traffic Management) Technical Committee
- - - Parsons Brinkerhoff is one of the partners in Washington Transportation Partners (developers for the Evergreen Point Bridge Project in Seattle).
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Advanced Technology Branch Status Report	1	June, 1995
Status Report
of Active Projects
June 1995
Advanced Technology Branch
Washington State Transportation Center
Mail Stop 354802
1107 NE 45th Street, Suite 535
Seattle, WA  98105-4631
(206) 543-3331
Fax (206) 685-0767
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY BRANCH Status Report of Active Projects
Washington State Department of Transportation
JUNE 1995
Table of Contents
HOV, TDM, and Related Projects	1
Travel Time Video Test	1
I-90 Lane Conversion.	1
HOV Lane Evaluation and Monitoring.	2
HOV Lane Evaluation and Monitoring (Phase II).	2
I-5 South HOV Lane Accident Analysis	3
Intercounty Carpool Profile.	3
An Analysis of Factors Accounting for Successes and Failures in the Acceptance and Utilization of Employer-Based TDM Programs.	3
Incident Management Projects	3
Incident Response Data Base.	3
Evaluation and Application of Washington State's Incident Response Guide.	4
Incident Management Training for WSDOT Personnel.	4
The Use of Total Station Surveying Equipment for Accident Investigation: A National Perspective.	4
ITS Projects	4
North Seattle Advanced Traffic Management System	4
BusView	5
Traffic Data Acquisition and Distribution (TDAD)	5
Puget Sound Help Me (PuSHME) Operational Test	5
A Real Time Traveler Information System for Reducing Urban Freeway Congestion, Expansion, Implementation, and Evaluation.	5
Improved Congestion Prediction Algorithm.	6
Improved Error Detection and Incident Detection Using Prediction Techniques and Video Imaging.	6
Bellevue Smart Traveler Using Traveler Information to Reduce Downtown SOV Commuting.	6
In-Vehicle Signing and Variable Speed Limit Demonstration.	7
Seattle to Portland Inter-city IVHS Corridor Study and Communication Plan	7
Portland to Boise ITS Corridor Study	7
Seattle to Vancouver, B.C., and Seattle to Spokane ITS Corridor Study	8
Assessment of ATIS in Washington State.	8
IVHS Data and Information Structure.	8
Investigation of Video Image Tracking.	8
IVHS Backbone Design and Demonstration.	9
Demonstration of ATIS/ATMS Data Fusion in a Regional IVHS.	9
IVHS - Network and Data Fusion.	9
Investigation of Automatic Vehicle Location Systems for Traveler Information.	9
Ramp Control via Neural Network Control.	9
Fuzzy Logic Ramp metering.	10
SWIFT - Seattle Wide-area Information For Travelers.	10
SWIFT Smart Traveler.	10
NEXRAD NEXt Generation Weather RADar.	10
Increasing Awareness of Transportation Options Through Riderlink.	10
Community Transit Arterial System Area-Wide Priority (CT ASAP)	11
Additional ITS Projects	11
Regional Automated Trip Planning.	11
Regional Ridematch.	11
Regional Ridematch Hotline.	11
Regional Fare Integration Project.	11
Smart Bus.	12
Other Projects	12
Traffic Congestion Monitoring-Urban Areas.	12
ENTERPRISE.	12
Accident Risks Using Roadway Geometrics.	13
Advanced Transportation Technology Application Policy Plan.	13
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY BRANCH Status Report of Active Projects
Washington State Department of Transportation
June 1995
At the beginning of each project description, one or two names are listed to call for further information.  The first name is the WSDOT TRAC person or the Metro person.  When a second name is listed, it is usually the principal investigator (P.I.).  The phone numbers for each person follow:
PHONE NUMBERS	phone number
WSDOT TRAC	
Pete Briglia		(206) 543-3331
Morgan Balogh	(206) 543-0078
Eldon L. Jacobson	(206) 685-3187
Bill Legg		(206) 543-3332
Larry Senn		(206) 543-6741
U.W./W.S.U.  P.I.	
Earl Butterfield	(206) 685-2123
Dan Dailey		(206) 543-2493
Mark Hallenbeck	(206) 543-6261
Mark Haselkorn	(206) 543-2577
Fred Mannering	(206) 543-8935
Nancy L. Nihan	(206) 543-9639
G. Scott Rutherford	(206) 685-2481
Jan Spyridakis	(206) 685-1557
Cy Ulberg		(206) 543-0365
Deirdre Meldrum	(206) 685-7639
Tom Seliga		(206) 685-7092
King County Metro	
Catherine Bradshaw(206) 684-1770
Wayne Watanabe	(206) 684-1633
Roland Bradley	(206) 689-3490
Candace Carlson	(206) 684-1562
David Cantey	(206) 684-6794
Each of the following project descriptions includes recent changes in bold face type, usually at the end of each report, while previously reported information has been changed to unbold.
.c.HOV, TDM, and Related Projects
%	.c.Travel Time Video Test.;  (Eldon L. Jacobson) This project is studying the use of high resolution video cameras and computer software that subsequently analyzes the video tapes to compute vehicle travel times using the matching license plate method.  WSDOT has arranged for Transformation Systems, Inc., of Houston, Texas to perform the work.  The field work will be done during June 19-22, 1995, with the analysis and the report received about a month later.  We will be looking at travel times between HOV lanes and GP lanes.
%	.c.I-90 Lane Conversion.;  (Eldon L. Jacobson or Fred Mannering) This project studied the impacts of converting a general purpose lane to an HOV lane on I-90 between Issaquah and Eastgate (sometimes called take-a-lane).  The westbound conversion (and added lane) was fully operational on December 6, 1993.  During January, 1994, the lane configuration was revised in the Mercer Slough area, creating a bottleneck section on westbound I-90 that has two general purpose lanes plus the HOV lane.  After a couple of months the complaints quieted, and people appear to have become used to the situation.  On June 27, 1994, westbound I-90 ramp metering was implemented.  Some video tape for the RafterS data survey was collected the week before the ramp meter turn-on.  The draft report was circulated for review late November, 1994.  Comments have been incorporated into the final report by the P.I.  The final report is complete and has been published.  Project complete.
%	.c.HOV Lane Evaluation and Monitoring.;  (Eldon L. Jacobson or Cy Ulberg) This project will produce the first annual (July, 1992 thru June, 1993) HOV system evaluation, on the basis of the methodology developed in the above project.  It is important to periodically monitor and evaluate existing HOV lanes in order to make decisions about the operation of existing HOV lanes and about the best location to construct future HOV lanes.  The evaluation will consider HOV lane usage, violations, safety, time savings, capacity improvements, modal shifts, route shifts, enforcement issues, cost effectiveness, and public opinion.
The project will build on existing information to construct a database for evaluation of HOV lanes.  Quarterly, annual, and biennial reports will be published.  At the end of the research, recommendations will be made about the type of data necessary to do an HOV lane evaluation, the data collection methodology, what agencies should be involved in HOV lane evaluations, and the timing and format of HOV evaluation reports.
Surveys for I-5 South of Seattle (the Southcenter hill area to Midway) were mailed out to motorists the week of February 10, 1992.  Opinion surveys for Metro bus drivers in the I-5 South corridor were handed out in late, February, 1992, and returned in early March, 1992.  All surveys have been tabulated and summarized.
Data collection is now proceeding throughout the Seattle area.  In addition to obtaining travel time and vehicle occupancy in the freeway mainline, vehicle occupancy is also being obtained at some ramps.  Ramps are usually easier to monitor, and should reflect occupancy changes sooner than the higher volumes on the mainline.
This project was supplemented to evaluate the change from a 3 person carpool definition to a 2 person carpool definition on I-5 north of the Seattle CBD.  The draft report for the 2+ demo (prepared by TRAC and TTI) was received on January 27, 1992.  The final report for the 2+ demo is now available.  Contact Eldon if you want a copy.  The results indicate that vehicle occupancy decreased, reliability decreased and travel time increased in the northbound direction, much of the driving public approves of 2+, and there was no evidence that the project affected accident rates.  The steering committee made three recommendations.  First, the results of the demonstration project do not support existing policies.  Second, the 2+ should revert to 3+ after a minimum 60 day period.  Third, future occupancy requirement decisions should be based on a performance standard that measures speed and reliability.
A second supplemental project to the original project was funded.  This second project developed a performance standard that measures speed and reliability.  The intention was to have an easily measured reliability standard for HOV lanes, which could be used when considering revising the carpool definition for a particular HOV corridor.  During April and May, 1992, data collection was done on the I-5 North corridor that was used in developing the standard.  A performance standard was adopted by the WSDOT HOV Policy Board on August 13, 1992.  It reads:  "HOV lane vehicles should maintain or exceed an average of 45 miles per hour or greater at least 90 percent of the times they use that lane during the peak hour (measured for a consecutive six-month period)."
Collection of data continues throughout the area during each Monday to Friday peak period at about 20 different sites.  The draft report was distributed before the end of March, 1994.  Review comments have been received and the report has been revised.  The final report was shipped to the Research Office for printing in December, 1994.  Eldon got the final report back to fix some page numbering problems and returned it to the Research Office on February 8, 1995.  Final report complete.  Project %	.c.HOV Lane Evaluation and Monitoring (Phase II).;  (Eldon L. Jacobson or CyJUlberg)  This is the ongoing data collection and reporting project.  Auto occupancy data are being collected every morning and evening peak period Monday through Friday.  A 486 computer with a high capacity hard drive has been acquired to aid in the data analysis and storage.  A two page legislative briefing report has been prepared.  It will be distributed (probably in the Ex*Press) with changes and updates 2 or 3 times a year.  Quarterly data updates are being prepared, which will update one of the appendices in the final report described in the previous project.  The initial quarterly report is complete (this will actually add the 6 quarters that follow the 4 quarters in Appendix B of the report in the previous project).
%	.c.I-5 South HOV Lane Accident Analysis;  (Eldon L. Jacobson)  This is an in-house project to analyze the before and after accident information for the HOV lane termination area at the top of the Southcenter hill.  The accident data was provided by the Northwest Region.  A draft report was circulated on June 1, 1994, and review comments are being received.
%	.c.Intercounty Carpool Profile.;  (Eldon L. Jacobson or Cy Ulberg) This project will provide knowledge of why people choose to ride share.  The primary method to acquire information about a broad range of carpools in the two-county region (Snohomish and King counties) will rely on surveys of a random sample of people observed in carpools on selected freeways, arterials, and streets.  A large number of surveys (on the order of 1000) will be conducted by mail, and they may include small incentives to encourage a high return rate.  A follow-up survey will be conducted after one year.  A smaller sample will be contacted for more intensive personal interviewing (focus groups).  This project will be used to enhance the HOV 2+ evaluation.  The project match will come from that project in order to direct questions toward the carpool definition change.  WeUre waiting for the funds to be released by Metro to start the project.  The funds have been released and a U.W. budget number assigned to the project.  An initial literature review has been done.  Carpool license plates have been collected and the public opinion survey is being finalized for printing.  The survey was printed and mailed out in June, 1994.  Surveys have been returned and have been coded for analysis.  The project has been put on hold until early 1995, as the graduate student who is working on the project, Matt Benuska, is studying for three months in South Korea.
%	.c.An Analysis of Factors Accounting for Successes and Failures in the Acceptance and Utilization of Employer-Based TDM Programs.;  (Bill Legg or Cy Ulberg) This project will carefully investigate the processes that companies employ to implement TDM programs.  It will develop a model of the factors that influence employee's attitudes and lead to actual changes in commuting behavior and will be useful to employers throughout the state in designing and implementing successful TDM programs.  The project will be coordinated with the State Energy Office and to bolster the work currently being undertaken because of the commute trip reduction legislation.  The scope of work was developed in cooperation with Metro and the Energy Office.  A new element  of the project will be the addition of a consultant to look at a proactive program for multi- site employers to shift personnel around so employees are working at the site nearest their home.  The draft final report has been completed and has been distributed for review and comment.  This project has be given a $95,000 supplement for a proximate commuting study.  This study has been initiated and a detailed evaluation plan is now being developed.  Proximate commuting is the concept of decentralizing work so that employees can work closer to their residence thereby reducing commuting time and distance.
.c.Incident Management Projects
%	.c.Incident Response Data Base.;  (Bill Legg or Fred Mannering) This project will develop and establish an incident response database.  The database will be used to evaluate incident response measures developed and implemented in the Seattle area.  This project was approved in February.  The first project meeting with the researchers and the Data Annex in Olympia took place the middle of March.  The Data Annex installed the CARS database at TRAC on May 27th.  The project team is working with WSDOT's 3 western regions and the East Central region to establish a database format Incident report that could be used as a standard for the entire state.  This format will be compatible with the States' MicroCars database.  Work in also being done on a geographical representation of the MicroCars database by combining it with a GIS system.  This project's completion date was extended to 6/31/94 from 12/31/93 to permit more testing of the database.
The draft database (the final level of effort for this project) is complete and now being used.  We are looking at any additional needs for this project beyond the current completed work. %	.c.Evaluation and Application of Washington State's Incident Response Guide.;  (Bill Legg or Fred Mannering) This project will evaluate the effectiveness, appropriateness, and format of the incident response guide currently used by WSDOT's North West Region's incident response teams.  Based on this evaluation it will produce an updated electronic version of the guide for WSDOT's 3 western regions and the East Central region.  Each region will able to customize and update the documents as needed in the future.
The project is now complete.   Legg) This project, through training sessions, will
 	introduce the basic language and protocol for the Incident Command System to the WSDOT IRT members,
 	summarize new and existing state and federal regulations that impact current incident management practices,
 	identify WSDOT IRT training material suitable for periodic "refresher" training, &
 	provide information to Maintenance Area Supervisors on the importance of effective incident management.
This project began the first of the year (1995) and training will begin this summer.  Investigation: A National Perspective.;  (Bill Legg) WSDOT took the national leadership role in the implementation of the use of total station surveying equipment by the State Patrol as a way to more quickly clear major accident scenes.  This project will determine
 	how the use of total station surveying equipment for accident investigation has expanded to other parts of the nation,
 	what factors encourage the use of the technology,  	what factors discourage the use of the technology, and  	how the quantified and perceived benefits change depending on local conditions.  The survey of national law enforcement agencies has been completed.
.c.ITS Projects
% 	.c.North Seattle Advanced Traffic Management System;  (Morgan Balogh)  The primary objective of this project is to provide communications to the different traffic control system in the I-5 corridor from Seattle to Marysville.  This will enable coordinated operations among the different jurisdictions traffic signal systems and the freeway ramp meter system, provide a regional monitoring and data sharing system, and receive real-time information on traffic and transit conditions.  This project will be expandable to the east and south to include the entire Seattle Metropolitan area.  Many times political and jurisdictional issues prevent coordinating adjacent systems.  These issues will be worked out over the course of the This project will endeavor to obtain data from several signal systems in the I-5/SR 99 corridor in north King County and south Snohomish County.  The data will be collected by a separate micro-computer through communications links with central traffic control systems (and master controllers if necessary) belonging to the various jurisdictions involved.  The micro-computer will compile the volume, occupancy, and operations data and transmit it back out to the participating control systems.  Each signal system will independently use the data to improve its traffic management capabilities.  TIB funding for this project has been obtained.  The City of Seattle was the lead agency for obtaining TIB funds.  Oil rebate money is also being used on this project.  The FHWA is contributing 3.5 million in state appropriated IVHS money.  Dave Berg of the WSDOT, NW Region is managing this project.  Farradyne System Inc., is the lead consultant on the project.  FSI started work on Nov. 29, 1994.  This was the same date that a kickoff meeting was held.  FSI has just completed the Control Strategy Report for the project (June 16, 1995).  It is currently under review.  There have been several user group meetings with the next scheduled for June 17, 1995.  FSI is currently working on the system design.
 %	.c.Graphical Display of Real-Time Transit Coach Locations: Toward an APTS for the Puget Sound Region (BusView);  (Morgan Balogh, Dan Dailey)  The project will design and demonstrate a system that graphically displays real-time transit coach locations to the University of Washington campus community.  The system will use Seattle Metro's existing automatic vehicle location system as its information source.  This is a $170,000 project sponsored by WSDOT ($100,000) and TRANSNOW $70,000.  The completion date is February 1996.   The design of the APTS architecture and interfaces is well underway and the evaluation of the accuracy of the AVL data is beginning.  The system will be demonstrated at a Transit Conference in Spokane in late August.
 %	.c.Traffic Data Acquisition and Distribution (TDAD);  (Morgan Balogh, Dan Dailey)  The TDAD project will provide a system that will access available traffic databases and store it in a separate database for historical, research, and planning purposes.  Agencies will then be able to request from the system specific records, and obtain these in formats meaningful and useful to them.  The initial system will be demonstrated in the Puget Sound area, together with linkages to state level databases and applications.  This project is coordinated with the North Seattle ATMS.  This project supports regional Congestion Management Plans.  The total project cost is $210,000 and is fully funded by the FHWA.
UW staff has interviewed the parties that will benefit by this project.  They include planning representatives from PSRC, TRIP, FHWA, and the WSDOT N.W. Region.  A working paper outlining the system desired by these representative has been prepared and reviewed.  The project team is currently working with FSI and the North Seattle ATMS project on system integration requirements.  % 	.c.Puget Sound Help Me (PuSHMe) Operational Test;  (Morgan Balogh) The WSDOT has received USDOT operational test funding for a Puget Sound regional mayday system.  This is a public-private partnership whose participants include the FHWA, WSDOT, WSP, David Evans and Associates, Inc. (DEA), Sentinel Communications (SenCom), Motorola, IBI Group Inc., and the University of Washington.  Other firms involved in this project but not actually on contract are McCaw Cellular and Intergraph.  This system will allow a traveler to send a signal indicating their location when they need assistance directly to a traffic operations center who will then dispatch the appropriate units (i.e. tow truck, assistance van, WSP, etc.)  The cooperative agreement between WSDOT and the FHWA signed on August 1, 1994.  The project started February 3, 1995.  A equipment purchase contract was signed between WSDOT and SenCom as of March 3, 1995.  A equipment lease between WSDOT and Motorola was signed 4/4/95 .  The project Kick-Off meeting is scheduled for March 28, 1995.  The evaluation plan is almost complete and should sent to the PuSHMe partners for review in late June.  Motorola has installed their GPS Reference station at the TSMC on June 15, 1995 and plan to have their Dispatch running in Mid July.  SenCom will begin producing their mayday devices in late June.  Mayday testing should begin in late July or early August.  %	.c.A Real Time Traveler Information System for Reducing Urban Freeway Congestion: Expansion, Implementation, and Evaluation.;  (Larry Senn or Mark Haselkorn) This is a continuation of the earlier Real-Time Motorist information project.  Several enhancements will be made to the "Traffic Reporter" information system including expanding coverage of the display to include all freeways in the Seattle area and to include separate information on the HOV lanes.  Efforts will also be made to improve the quality of travel time data and the quality of electronic data coming from the WSDOT system.  This project will provide delivery of the system for use by the public and will evaluate the system under actual use.  Traffic Reporter has been expanded to cover the Puget Sound area.  Testing is being done to compare "lap top" travel time data to those calculated by Traffic Reporter.  Also, usability testing has been conducted on the expanded interface, and will continue once the system is on display.  Traffic Reporter can now find multiple freeway routes from a given origin ramp to a given destination ramp.  Added features include the ability to compare speed and trip time between these routes, including a comparison of general purpose versus HOV lanes.  A rough draft of the final report has been turned into TRAC for preliminary review and should be ready to go to the Research Office soon.   %	.c.Improved Congestion Prediction Algorithm.;  (Improved Ramp Control Algorithm) (Larry Senn or Nancy L. Nihan)    This project continues the search for an improved ramp control algorithm based on predictive techniques.  The project objectives are to: (1) evaluate the existing data and the performance of the predictive ramp control algorithm used to operate the WSDOT traffic systems computer in Seattle, develop improvements to the existing predictive ramp control algorithm by looking at upstream volumes and lane occupancies and ways to improve pattern recognition, testing the new algorithms on more than one section of freeway.
Data collection computer modeling runs have been made and contrary to the proposal will likely need to be conducted periodically throughout the project.  Preliminary analyses have been performed and strategies are being discussed to select the algorithm most likely to be productive.  TSMC data is now available by modem for UW analysis.  Researchers have found that the flow divided by the lane occupancy (F/O) provides a better indicator of congestion than indicators that are currently in use.  A F/O of 90 indicates the onset of congestion and an F/O of 70 provides an excellent indicator of congestion.  Storage, which is currently used by the freeway system as an indicator of congestion, does not appear to a very good indicator (a result also found in the neural network project).  The final report is in review.  % 	.c.Improved Error Detection and Incident Detection Using Prediction Techniques and Video Imaging.;  (Larry Senn or Nancy L. Nihan) This project seeks to improve knowledge of the relationship of volume and lane occupancy to the speed of traffic as a means of (1) determining invalid detector data and (2) detecting incidents.  In addition the project will attempt to improve the ability to identify bad detector data.  Video imaging will be used as an independent check of the volume/occupancy and speed relationships.  The video imaging system will itself be evaluated as an incident detection tool and as a tool to obtain vehicle speeds.
Morgan Wong is the primary R.A. on this project.  He has written a program to get 20 second data from Autoscope and is modeling the data to improve on the existing error and incident detection algorithms.  TSMC data is now available by modem for UW analysis.  The project team has been collecting additional video data for testing Autoscope.  The overall opinion of the researchers is that Autoscope works well enough to be considered in future installations.  The draft final report and draft technical report have been submitted for review.  % 	.c.Bellevue Smart Traveler: Using Traveler Information to Reduce Downtown SOV Commuting.;  (Eldon L. Jacobson or Mark Haselkorn) This project produced and tested a prototype Traveler Information Center designed to increase the use of transit and paratransit (carpools and vanpools) by downtown Bellevue office workers.  The goal was to locate in a downtown Bellevue office complex a prototype computer-based interactive Traveler Information Center that provided office workers with greater access to flexible, reliable, safe, and time efficient alternatives to single occupancy vehicle commuting.  The prototype allowed us to gauge the impact of applying ATIS technology to enhancing transit and paratransit.  It also allowed us to judge the viability of Traveler Information Centers as a way for downtown centers to meet trip reduction requirements set by the State of Washington.
The project was funded by WSDOT and FTA.  Work was conducted as a partnership between the Bellevue TMA and the University of Washington.  The project was originally scheduled to begin 7/1/92 and end 10/31/93.  The FTA funding period ended up being for 15 months, starting 9/30/92, so no-cost time extensions were requested of both the FTA and WSDOT in order that both funding periods ended at the same time.
Most of the employee's in the office building (Bellevue Place) were surveyed.  Since Microsoft doesn't do surveys, focus groups with Microsoft employees were done the last week in April, 1993.  The project was expanded to cover more buildings in downtown Bellevue.  Will also use a public-private partnership utilizing pagers donated by PacTel (now Air-Touch).  The telephone equipment was purchased, the initial programming of it completed, and it was tested.  A media event showcasing the project was done by the U.W. on September 28, 1993.  83 applications were received by the TMA as of November 2, 1993.  The kiosk was opened for use in Bellevue Place on November 15, 1993.
Three ride groups were formed.  Some of the interesting statistics as of the close of the project on April 15, 1994 are:  496 rides offered, 145 rides sought, 6 confirmed ride matches.  Preliminary conclusions are that people were much more willing to offer rides than to accept a ride.  The draft technical report has been written and was submitted to TRAC the end of August, 1994, for editing and processing.  The initial editing generated substantial suggested improvements, so the report was sent back to the P.I. for modification in September, 1994.  The draft report has been circulated and review comments received.  The P.I. plans on incorporating review comments for the final report during the first week of July, 1995.
%	.c.In-Vehicle Signing and Variable Speed Limit Demonstration.;  (Larry Senn) The project is unique in that its objective is the enhancement of motorists safety on freeway facilities through the display of variable speed limits and other safety messages based on traffic and roadway conditions.  These displays are presented using variable message signs and in-vehicle equipment.  The proposed project includes the implementation of a variable speed limit and motorist alerting system featuring the use of low cost in-vehicle radio receivers with alphanumeric displays.  The system is to be installed on a forty mile section of I-90 approximately 40 miles east of Seattle in the vicinity of the Snoqualmie Pass.  The University of Washington will be responsible for the evaluation of the system and the experimental design.  The installation of data stations for collection of "before" data is complete and data collection is underway.  Farradyne has continued the systems development, and has found solutions to several issues concerning the radio communications system and integration of the weather stations.  FCC licenses for all sites have been obtained.  The construction contract with Totem Electric is underway and at least three sign bases have been installed.  The production of the Daktronics VMS is underway and the inspection of the first sign occurred on June first.  We hope to test the in-vehicle devices in '94-'95 using a portable transmitter, however the fixed sites will not have communications until '95-'96 when the entire project will be operational.  The UW team has conducted an in-depth accident analysis based on 5 years of accident data and has continued the development of the driving simulator that will be used to evaluate the in-vehicle signing equipment.  A detailed evaluation plan has been submitted to NHTSA and has been tentatively approved pending some minor corrections.  %	.c.Seattle to Portland Inter-city ITS Corridor Study and Communication Plan;  (Morgan Balogh)  We are in the initial stage of this project.  There are three main objectives of the project.  The first objective is to develop a plan to reduce congestion and improve safety along the Seattle to Portland I-5 corridor utilizing Intelligent Vehicle-Highway Systems (IVHS) technologies.  The second objective is to identify the communications network needed to support the IVHS for the corridor.  Additionally, evaluate alternatives and provide recommendations for this network to support WSDOTUs other, non-IVHS, intra-departmental communications requirements along this corridor.  The third objective is to develop general recommendations for a statewide WSDOT communication network utilizing the corridor communications analysis.  State matching funds have been identified and approved.  An Agreement between the FHWA and the WSDOT for the Seattle to Portland Inter-city ITS portion of this project has been made. A request for a service contract to select/hire a consultant was developed and published September 13, 1993.  The consultant proposals went through the first stage of the evaluation process.  This stage chose the top 3 proposals.  The representative of each team was asked to give an oral presentation on December 7, 1993.  From these presentations David Evans and Associates was chosen to be the prime consultant.  The consultant began work May 2, 1994.  The consultant has completed Technical Memorandum  Draft ITS Corridor Plan in May and is developing a draft communications plan.  %	.c.Portland to Boise ITS Corridor Study;  (Eldon L. Jacobson)  This project is to develop a plan to identify Intelligent Transportation System technologies that should improve some of the known transportation problems in the Portland to Boise corridor.  One of the known problems is the poor weather conditions that can rapidly appear in the Columbia Gorge  and the Blue Mountains.  The corridor includes roads on both sides of the Columbia River, two railroads, and barge shipping.
The planned $400,000 consultant study is anticipated to be funded by FHWA, ITD, ODOT, and WSDOT.  A draft agreement between the FHWA and the three state DOTs has been drafted by the FHWA Region office.  The revised draft proposal was circulated for final comments and support letters.  The proposal was submitted to the FHWA the day before the due date of August 1, 1994.  Approval from D.C. was received the middle of January, 1995, provided the scope-of-work is approved by the FHWA region office.  The draft scope-of-work was circulated for comments the end of February, 1995.  The FHWA approval is expected mid-March, 1995, with the RFP planned late in March or April, 1995.
Kimley-Horn and Associates, Inc., is the consultant that was selected to do the study.  The scope-of-work and cost estimate are being worked on prior to signing the contract.
%	.c.Seattle to Vancouver, B.C., and Seattle to Spokane ITS Corridor Study;  (BillJLegg)  This project is to develop a plan to identify Intelligent Transportation System (formally IVHS) technologies that should improve some of the known transportation problems in the two corridors.  The two corridors may be studied separately, or together, depending on whether one or both are approved for funding by the FHWA.  The planned consultant study is anticipated to be funded by FHWA and WSDOT.  Interviews for final consultant selection will be held on June 22nd.  Work on this project will begin in the 3rd quarter of 1995.
%	.c.Assessment of ATIS in Washington State.;  (Morgan Balogh) This project is primarily funded by FHWA discretionary moneys.  It will provide an early evaluation of 4 ATIS in Washington state (FLOW, Traffic Reporter, Bellevue Smart Traveler, and the proposed Canadian border crossing information system).  The project will develop a matrix of ATIS so that appropriate criteria for judging success can be developed and applied.  The project will also recommend direction for future ATIS development in the state.  Start date for project was 10/01/92 and the completion date for the project is 4/30/94.
Tasks completed to date include: (1) Identified classifying system and definitions of success for this project.  (2) Designed metrics and instruments for assessing Flow.
Delays in the installation of the Vax at TSMC have delayed the implementation of Traffic Reporter and consequently the evaluation of Traffic Reporter.  That problem has been corrected and the evaluation continued.  The final report was submitted to the Research Office in March, 1995.  %	.c.IVHS Data and Information Structure.;  (Morgan Balogh or Daniel Dailey)  The overall objective of this project is to develop a framework in which to understand, select, and apply wireless data communications technology to IVHS development in Washington State.  It will (1) review the state of the art of wireless data communications, (2) examine promising wireless communication alternatives, (3) perform a limited field test of selected wireless data communications, and (4) provide the basis for an overall plan to integrate wireless data communications into a regional IVHS network.  The final report for this project is due December 31, 1994.
The final report was submitted to the Research Office in March, 1995.
%	.c.Investigation of Video Image Tracking.;  (Morgan Balogh or Nancy Nihan)  First generation video imaging systems provide Rtrip-wireS type detection, that is they mimic the performance of inductance loops.  The newer video imaging tracking system not only gathers loop type data but RfingerprintsS vehicles to provide tracking capabilities.  Vehicle tracking provides travel time and origin destination information which has been historically difficult to obtain.
The proposed video imaging system for this project is the MOBILIZER, which is provided by Condition Monitoring Systems (CMS) and is in the prototype stages of development.  This project will test collected data for reliability and range of usefulness, compare cost effectiveness and total life-cycle cost of the CMS system to that of traditional loop detector systems, and if cost effective, incorporate the system in the WSDOT Traffic Systems Management Center.  The final report for this project is due August 31, 1995.
Most of the technical problems with the MOBILIZER have been worked out and testing is continuing.
%	.c.IVHS Backbone Design and Demonstration.;  (Larry Senn or Dan Dailey)  This project will (1) design a  demonstration architecture for a regional IVHS backbone for the Puget Sound area and (2) construct this backbone in order to demonstrate how different types of data gathered from distinct agencies can be integrated in a single application.  The backbone will be designed to (a) improve interagency and multi-jurisdictional sharing of data without disrupting existing operations, (b) support existing investment in IVHS technology and system development, (c) encourage expansion and innovation, and (d) be compatible with federal efforts to develop a national IVHS architecture.  "The backbone will support traffic data from a multitude of sources while making data accessible in a clearly defined manner on a geographically distributed network.  This all will be done in an open systems model that supports a distributed computing environment, is extensible to larger areas, and easily allows new agencies to participate.  The T1 link to the TSMC and all hardware elements to set up the communication have been installed.  Software to extract the data is operational.  Loop data has been interfaced to the GIS application.  Software is being developed to make use of the loop data for future research.  The final report is being wreitten.  %	.c.Demonstration of ATIS/ATMS Data Fusion in a Regional IVHS.;  (Larry Senn or Dan Dailey)  This project proposes to design, construct, and demonstrate a data fusion system for use in a regional IVHS system.  The fusion system will combine data for multi-agency and multi-jurisdictional sources to provide a more accurate, real-time picture of the transportation system.  This fusion system will operate in a distributed computing environment that encourages interagency cooperation.  The computer has been ordered and WSDOT and Metro have been contacted.  An IVHS application has been written which displays both congestion data from loops and real time position of transit vehicles on a GIS based map.  King County Metro is being contacted for an improved map database.  A report is being written in conjunction with an IEEE Intelligent Vehicles Conference "95.  %	.c.IVHS - Network and Data Fusion.;  (Larry Senn or Dan Dailey)  This Federally funded project will progress from specific regional issues investigated in other related projects and generalize by creating key network and fusion components that are transferable to other regions and countries.  The project will (1) investigate , design, and document an encoding scheme, including ways to include temporal information with spatial information, for standardization of traffic and traveler information, (2) use this encoding scheme to demonstrate a layer between application and transport layers, and (3) work with another related IVHS research center to use the encoding scheme in a demonstration of its use in inter-regional IVHS communication.  The investigator has started investigation of FIPS spatial data standard in detail and determined that the full standard is unwieldy for the design of our data encoding system.  Adopting an object oriented paradigm to construct self defining data streams.  The methodology for constructing the self defined data streams is the encoding stream promised for this project.  %	.c.Investigation of Automatic Vehicle Location Systems for Traveler Information.;  (Larry Senn or Mark Haselkorn)  This project will use Metro AVL information to improve information available to travelers and transportation managers.  Metro AVL data can now be displayed on any X-terminal connected to the Internet and has been demonstrated many times.  This concludes the research portion of the project and a draft final is being formatted foin prepatration for review.  %	.c.Ramp Control via Neural Network Control.;  (Larry Senn or Deirdre Meldrum)  This project will develop and test a new ramp metering algorithm by using an artificial neural network congestion predictor and a multi-variable control system.
Artificial neural networks have been constructed and tested.  Promising results have been obtained with 1 minute data being used to predict volumes and occupancies 1 minute ahead, and somewhat less promising results have been obtained with 5 minute data.  The draft technical report has been sent to the Research Office for review.
%	.c.Fuzzy Logic Ramp metering.;  This project will move toward developing the neural network forecasting and fuzzy logic control system including in depth testing using models and on the existing SC&DI system.  If budget and time allows the system will be implemented within this project.  This project is just starting.  %	.c.SWIFT - Seattle Wide-area Information For Travelers.;  (Larry Senn, Mark Haselkorn, Dan Dailey)  This project is a $7.4 million IVHS Operational test of an FM sideband data system which will be used to deliver traffic and transit information.  Data will be extracted from WSDOT's freeway ramp control computer, Metro Transit's vehicle location system, and augmented with information from Metro Traffic Control.  The information will be formatted and sent to Seiko Telecommunication System for transmission to devices.  The devices include a watch (or pager) based on Seiko's Message Watch, Delco Electronics' Telepath car radio that includes a GPS to give distance and bearing to a destination, and a palm top computer that will be supplied by IBM which will provide bus locations and graphic displays of traffic conditions.  Etak will supply geo-coding, mapping, and data entry interfaces.  The test will occur in 1996 after the devices are programmed and developed.  The contract With the SWIFT project team was signed on January 10, 1995 and work has commenced.  An evaluation plan from SAIC was submitted at the March 14 Steering Committee meeting and was accepted by the team with minor changes.  The UW team is working extensively on the network required to deliver SWIFT information.  This project is proceeding on schedule.  %	.c.SWIFT Smart Traveler:  (Larry Senn, Dan Dailey)  This project is a companion to the SWIFT project and will allow ad hoc ridesharing amongst UW employees.  The large employer base combined with the availability of desktop computers and the campus network should allow for greater number of ride matches than found in previous projects.  Web pages have been created, the server is being set up, and geocoding has started to establish rideshare locations.  %	.c.NEXRAD: NEXt Generation Weather RADar.;  (Larry Senn, Tom Seliga)  This project is investigating potential applications for the new doppler weather radar in transportation.  The potential uses of accurate short term weather predictions include better maintenance scheduling and transit operation improvements from early snow warnings, wind warnings for ferries, and for research into the traffic impacts of inclement weather.  The investigators have obtained a disdrometer to assess the distribution of drop sizes in the region, are developing an algorithm for tracking storms, have arranged for data access from the weather radar, and have obtained a SUN workstation for use in the project.  Phase 2 of this project has been funded and will continue the work.  There will be no report for Phase 1 as it was a preliminary investigation.  %	.c.Increasing Awareness of Transportation Options Through Riderlink.;  (EldonJL.JJacobson)  This FHWA/FTA Operation Action Program project intends to develop a Metro database infrastructure that can be used to make transit information (and other information) available at selected work sites.  Originally the intent was to team up with US. West Community Link's planned videotext service (The original project was titled: Increasing Public Awareness of Transportation Options Through Videotext).  Since the videotext service has been delayed or abandoned, the use of videotext was replaced by planning on using existing computer networks of some of the employers in the Overlake area between Redmond and Bellevue.
Metro assigned Catherine Bradshaw to coordinate the project.  Initial planning and coordination work began in March, 1994.  A detailed evaluation plan dated June 21, 1994, has been submitted.  Quarterly reports are being submitted.  The following three documents are available: Concept Document, Requirements Document, and Evaluation Plan.  I have been able to access the Riderlink initial data pages from my office over the Internet.  During January, 1995, Metro publicized the project and made Riderlink available on a World Wide Web site on the Internet to disseminate the information to existing networks at employer sites.  All the Overlake TMA sites have connections to Riderlink.  As of the end of February, 1995, nearly 4,000 people from all over the world have accessed Riderlink.  Metro has continued to include more bus schedules and route maps in the Riderlink system.
%	.c.Community Transit Arterial System Area-Wide Priority (CT ASAP);  (EldonJL.JJacobson)  This is the IVHS operational test project that was earmarked by congress for Snohomish County (Community Transit).  A proposal was submitted in February, 1994, to DC. requesting $1,500,000 in Federal funds (75%) which will be matched with $375,000 in Community Transit funds (25%).  This project plans to implement the most cost effective portion of the Community Transit Arterial HOV study, which was completed in March, 1993.  That means installing a bus priority system at about 100 traffic signals in Snohomish County.  The North Seattle ATMS project will utilize the data and METRO will install the same signal priority system on SR 99.  This will be the first large scale area-wide test of a signal priority system (Pierce Transit has jumped into the forefront of testing signal priority, and may have a different signal priority system operational in Tacoma around March, 1995).
The proposal was approved and an agreement between FHWA and WSDOT has been drafted by FHWA.  At a coordination meeting on May 10, 1994, it was decided to combine this project with part of the SR 99 signal project, so as to only have one signal priority project within Snohomish County (Metro does not have authority to do any work outside King County).  The WSDOT-FHWA Cooperative Agreement was approved on June 17, 1994.  WSDOT Northwest Region is preparing the Local Agency Agreement between WSDOT and Community Transit.  The Local Agency Agreement has been sent to Community Transit.  The project may be revised in how it is coordinated with two other related projects in the area (the SR 99 project and the Metro AVI purchase project).  As of March, 1995, the Local Agency Agreement is close to being finalized.  Larry Ingalls of CT is developing a work plan for the project.  Installation of hardware on the buses is dependent on the Metro region wide AVI purchase project.
.c.Additional ITS Projects
%	.c.Regional Automated Trip Planning.;  (Wayne Watanabe) King County Metro is participating with Community Transit and Pierce Transit in the development of a regional transit trip planning system.  The system will allow any information operator at any of the three agencies to enter origins and destinations within the region.  The system will automatically produce a trip itinerary including travel times, fares, and transfers.   Current effort is focused on developing geographic information system (GIS) hardware and software capability in Pierce and Snohomish counties.  King County is nearly done with its GIS component.  This project is scheduled to be complete in 1997.
%	.c.Regional Ridematch.;  (Roland Bradley) King County Metro is participating with Community Transit and Pierce Transit in the development of regional ridematching software.  The system will allow ridematch staff at any of the three agencies to enter ridematch requests into a regional database.  This system will replace an existing regional ridematch system that limits the ability of agencies to offer geographic information system based matches, match maps for customers, and on-line ridematching.  The project is scheduled to be complete in 1997.
%	.c.Regional Ridematch Hotline.;  (Roland Bradley) This project will provide one 1-800 telephone number for anyone in King, Snohomish, and Pierce counties to use for ridematch assistance.  This project is scheduled to be complete in 1996.
%	.c.Regional Fare Integration Project.;  (Candace Carlson) King County Metro is participating with Community Transit, Pierce Transit, Everett Transit, Kitsap Transit, Washington State Ferries, the RTA, PSRC, and the Cascadia Project to provide seamless regional fare media that makes it easier to make inter-county trips within the Puget Sound region.  The project team is currently evaluating several technologies including smart cards and magnetically encoded cards.  The analysis phase will conclude in 1995 and a demonstration of the selected technology will be in place by the end of 1996. %	.c.Smart Bus.;  (David Cantey) King County Metro is beginning the implementation of a smart bus strategy that will integrate electronic information systems on-board buses.  The current order for 360 buses includes J-1708 wiring which will provide the backbone of the "vehicle area network."  J-1708 is an SAE standard developed and adopted by ITS America.  A contractor has been hired to integrate the automatic passenger counting systems and automatic vehicle location systems on board the 10% of the current fleet that have APC systems installed.
.c.other Projects
%	.c.Traffic Congestion Monitoring-Urban Areas.;  (Bill Legg or Mark Hallenbeck) There are three basic objectives for this study.  (1) Develop a comprehensive understanding of the congestion monitoring needs and expectations of local, state, and federal governments and agencies.  (2) Define the alternative methods for performing that monitoring function.  (3) Develop cost and staffing estimates that can be provided to state officials in decision package form, so that a monitoring system based on one of these alternatives can be implemented.
This project will provide a resource document that lists the potential methods for monitoring congestion in the state's urban areas.  It will describe the types of data that need to be collected, the strengths and limitations of each of the methods or combinations of methods that can be used for collecting those data, and preliminary costs for implementation of those data collection procedures.  The project will provide descriptions of both systems that can be implemented using currently available technologies, and those systems that rely on technologies that are currently experimental but may provide greater levels of information gathering at a lower cost than traditional methods, if the new methods are implemented on an urban scale.
The Phase 2 draft report is being revised to reflect comments received from review.
%	.c.ENTERPRISE.;  (Bill Legg )  The ENTERPRISE Program represents an international forum for collaborative research, development, and deployment ventures.  This forum will facilitate the sharing of technological and institutional experiences gained from the IVHS programs conceived and initiated by each participating entity.  The cooperative and collaborative objectives of the ENTERPRISE Program provide for a more efficient use of resources than a series of independent initiatives.  The synergistic effect of this forum is an accelerated implementation of IVHS programs.  Current members of ENTERPRISE aside from WSDOT include; CDOT, AzDOT, MinnDOT, IDOT, MichDOT, NCDOT, Maricopa County DOT in AZ. FHWA, Ministry of Transportation of Ontario, Transport Canada, and Rijkswaterstaat (Netherlands DOT). Others considering joining are NYDOT, and the Federal DOT of Mexico.  ENTERPRISE holds quarterly meetings, in 1994 that will be changed to 3 times a year.  The last meeting of ENTERPRISE was held in April 1994.  The next meeting will be in September, 1994 followed by a December 1994 meeting to be held in Seattle.  I have notes as well as minutes of previous meetings.  In conjunction with the September meeting ENTERPRISE will cosponsor the 2nd annual Rural IVHS conference with IVHS America.  The first Rural IVHS conference was held in February, 1993, it was sponsored by ENTERPRISE.  ENTERPRISE is the major backer of ITIS, which is the development of an international standard for communications between the roadside and vehicles.  ENTERPRISE is also working on joint funding of several project proposals submitted by member organizations.  One project that is currently underway is HERALD, which is investigating using an AM sub-carrier to deliver road and construction information to motorists in rural areas.  ENTERPRISE submitted two proposals to FHWA as demonstration projects; the first is a second phase of the HERALD project, the second is a wide scale MAYDAY project.  FHWA accepted both of these projects for funding, they are now just getting underway; the interagency agreements and contracts are being developed and signed by the involved parties.  Since WSDOT is a partner in a second funded MAYDAY operational test we will be working closely with ENTERPRISE to avoid duplication in effort and to share information.  I will use this report to provide updates on the ENTERPRISE operational tests.
The latest meeting for this group was held in Phoenix in April.  The next meeting will be in Minnesota in September in conjunction with the 1995 Rural ITS conference.  The 1996 rural ITS conference will be held in Spokane, WSDOT will be the host agency.
%	.c.Accident Risks Using Roadway Geometrics.;  (Eldon L. Jacobson, Fred L. Mannering)  The work is being done by John Milton, a WSDOT graduate student.  The primary objective of this project is to test the statistical validity of the accident prediction method WSDOT is developing and utilizing.  The findings of this research will be used to develop a weighted equation for use in the Department's safety program.  The data has been collected and most of the literature review has been completed.  Development and testing of accident frequency models began at the end of December, 1994.
%	.c.Advanced Transportation Technology Application Policy Plan.;  (Bill Legg) This effort is looking at establishing ITS, or in this case Advanced Transportation Technology, as a new policy area in the Transportation Policy Plan for Washington State.  The first subcommittee meeting on this effort will be held on July 11th.  A second meeting will be held in August.

@_date: 1995-07-19 10:04:39
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: cypherpunk "Zen" victories 
I was recently marvelling at how much the "cypherpunk agenda"
is being advanced even in light of what would seem to be setbacks.
Particularly in the area of anonymous remailers. We now have a very
major article on remailers and Julf's setup in the NYT that portrays
them in an unbiased, unhysteria-stricken mode. Also in the article,
it quotes the police as regretting their falling victim to
Scientology manipulation and investigating the remailer "without
cause". A major officer is quoted as saying, roughly, "we are
going to need a crime before we investigate in the future". Look what we got out of this: 1) incredible positive publicity for Julf,
Hero of the Net 2) introduction of the concept of anonymous remailers
to the layman 3) police awareness. increased reluctance to go on anonymous remailer
witchhunts. advice to other police to do the same.
4) only *one* address was compromised on Julf's system. a small price
to pay for all this
5) Time Magazine also did an article on Julf a few months ago and
this compromise in identity. *astonishing* publicity.
All in all, I would say the effect was an overall "net positive".
It reminds me of a zen-like saying, "sometimes you lose by winning
and win by losing". It would seem on the face of it that  the
Helsingius Affair was a debacle from the point of view  of pseudonymity.
However I would consider it a extraordinary success. The major foes of pseudonymity have so far been misguided police forces in Finland, who now say they resent the solicitude of the US into their own
affairs, and would not be so eager to cooperate in the future;
another foe is a radical religious cult that is finding its own
set of 20th century heretics, and attempting to excommunicate them.
In the meantime, with each exposure, the idea of anonymity and
pseudonymity is gaining powerful friends.
Also, a long time ago a major foe of anonymity was Dick Depew. An
article came out on him in the WSJ that made him look awfully
silly.  He is roundly considered one of the more legendary net
crackpots today. I'd also like to point out that the recent Rimm job affair is
another "net positive" for the net. Rimm has been so utterly
thoroughly discredited and blackened by his own personality
and background, as reported by Brock Meeks recently, it is amazingly hilarious. Rimm has become the laughingstock of
cyberspace in the way that Cantor and Siegal were
We could not have asked for a better setup for embarrassing
and humiliating the media into realizing the core issues
involving pornography on the internet. If someone did this
intentionally, it would have been considered a brilliant
trap. Time and DeWitt have been savaged by very reputable people, and I'm sure they consider the article a fiasco from a credibility standpoint.
Any magazine that covers pornography in cyberspace in the future
will be very gunshy and will not be so flippant, if they can
stand poking the hornet's nest at all.
Another area is in the bills that are being introduced in congress.
It would seem these are a fiasco from the point of view of
those interested in cyberspace. But there are backlashes even
in congress. Was it Markey that introduced a bill that made
cyberspace off limits to future draconian legislation? All this
also forces legislators to figure out what the hell they are dealing
with, and they are finding out what their own authority in the matter is. I think the wise ones may figure out that if they
don't play nice, we may take our marbles away and go play with
someone else. D.Frissell said something profound in his letter
to the editor, "Congress thinks the Internet can be controlled.
We who built it, and continue to build it, think it cannot be.
It will be interesting to see who is right". His comparing it
with the ideas in the declaration of independence, that "when
a government no longer serves the people, they have a right to
overthrow it", is extremely apropos in cyberspace, where it
may be more possible than ever for those who desire freedom
to make those who are apposed to it, completely irrelevant.
T.May suggest that we just give up the fight in congress, saying
that bills can be introduced faster than we can fight them. I
agree with the observation but not the conclusion. Bills have a very hard time getting to be law.
They are very fragile in initial stages, and at these points they
can indeed be killed with a little pressure in the right spots.
We are learning where those spots are.
At this point I think it is not in the interests of those promoting
cyberspace to try to evade congress. So far, it has not proved itself
to be completely hostile to the point of trying to shut down cyberspace
to the degree it does not fit its own agenda. And as long as they
are not outright enemies, some could be turned into powerful
promoters. The idea of abandoning educating/influencing congress entirely seems like a kind of unhealthy nihilism to me. There are
allies in congress and there are people listening there. Their unawareness seems amazingly proportional to the cluelessness of
the general population about cyberspace (and I see extremely
encouraging signs both are rapidly diminishing).
The bills seem to becoming more desperate and draconian in their
language. This is a sign of fear and dread on the side that seeks
to regulate bits. They are in a tricky position, because the more
draconian the language, the less likely it is to be passed and
taken seriously. People become suspicious and hypersensitive to
the infractions. To a large degree, many parts in the government
only gain their power through secrecy. As people become more aware
of the power flow, they disrupt and seize it themselves. Every bill
that has more desperate language is the other side revealing
their secret agenda, to control thought, which I think reasonable people are increasingly considering and recognizing as bogus
and bankrupt.
Congress will eventually polarize into being generally promoting
of cyberspace, or outrightly hostile to it. Cyberspace will
inevitably escape its grip if congress goes in this direction. To use
Zen analogies again, there is the idea that water is the most
powerful force on the earth, because it simply flows around
that which opposes it. I find that cyberspace is wholly analogous.
In fact it seems to me that cyberspace would give Lao Tzu
a whole new cuttingly apt metaphor for his philosophies!!
So the next time that you rant about how some bill or another
means the Death of the Net, or the police investigating a remailer
means the downfall of cryptoanarchy, or a lousy article with a
zillion distortions comes out, think again. The greatest cypherpunk
victories are emerging through what would appear at first to be the "blackest" moments.
viva la cryptoanarchy!!!
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html

@_date: 1995-07-21 15:24:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: science foundation interested in anonymity 
A mindblowing opportunity to promote the cypherpunk
ideal of anonymity in a highly reputable and influential
context recently dropped into the lap of a friend of
This close friend of mine got an inquiry from an extremely
prestigious science foundation into the possibility
of studying anonymity in cyberspace. It is an entirely
embryonic stage right now, but a director at this association is interested in commissioning papers,
interviewing subjects, having focus groups, perhaps even
organizing a conference on the subject, particularly the "social, legal, and technical" angles. This may have major
impact in the various and sundry studies influencing
future policy on the "information highway".
If you can forward me some leads, I would appreciate it
greatly, and I will get you in touch with this key person.
At this point the contact is at an idea stage and probably
would benefit greatly from talking to organizers of similar endeavors.
Also this project would involve fundraising for the cost
of the studies, so anyone you might know with an interest
in sponsoring this kind of endeavor (particular corporations,
although that would be a bit paradoxical I admit), please send me email.
For example, if someone could get me the name/phone/email address
of whoever chaired that panel on Anonymity a few years ago at the Conference on Freedom and Privacy (Helsingius and
Gilmore were panelists), I would greatly appreciate it.
many thanks--
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html

@_date: 1995-07-26 17:40:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "grouplens": reputation system, groupware, etc. 
Hello cpunks, this strikes me as a very visionary proposal
for changing the underlying news infrastructure approach.
It refers to the idea of "ratings servers" (it would be
interesting to trace the origination of the term). I think the ideas are very malleable and may become a powerful force for future cyberspace communities. We are just now witnessing the
birth of reputation systems in cyberspace. I think they
will eventually become one of its most important features.
For any cpunks with interests in investing your time in world-changing technologies, this would be at the top of
*my* list. There are very difficult logistical problems
to overcome, but this "second generation of communication"
will IMHO be a key requirement of developing actual communities
in cyberspace.
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html
X-within-URL:     GROUPLENS: AN OPEN ARCHITECTURE FOR COLLABORATIVE FILTERING OF NETNEWS
   Paul Resnick*, Neophytos Iacovou**, Mitesh Suchak*, Peter Bergstrom**,
   John Riedl**
   * MIT Center for Coordination Science
   Room E53-325
   50 Memorial Drive
   Cambridge, MA 02139
   617-253-8694
   Email: presnick
   ** University of Minnesota
   Department of Computer Science
   Minneapolis, Minnesota 55455
   (612) 624-7372
   Email: riedl
   From Proceedings of ACM 1994 Conference on Computer Supported
   Cooperative Work, Chapel Hill, NC: Pages 175-186
   Copyright (c)1994, Association for Computing Machinery
     _________________________________________________________________
   ABSTRACT
   Collaborative filters help people make choices based on the opinions
   of other people. GroupLens is a system for collaborative filtering of
   netnews, to help people find articles they will like in the huge
   stream of available articles. News reader clients display predicted
   scores and make it easy for users to rate articles after they read
   them. Rating servers, called Better Bit Bureaus, gather and
   disseminate the ratings. The rating servers predict scores based on
   the heuristic that people who agreed in the past will probably agree
   again. Users can protect their privacy by entering ratings under
   pseudonyms, without reducing the effectiveness of the score
   prediction. The entire architecture is open: alternative software for
   news clients and Better Bit Bureaus can be developed independently and
   can interoperate with the components we have developed.
   KEYWORDS: Collaborative filtering, information filtering, electronic
   bulletin boards, social filtering, Usenet, netnews, user model,
   selective dissemination of information.
   INTRODUCTION
   Computer networks allow the formation of interest groups that cross
   geographical barriers. Bulletin boards have been an important
   mechanism for that. Rather than addressing an article directly to a
   known set of people, the writer posts it in a newsgroup, a public
   place available to anyone interested in the topic. The Usenet netnews
   system creates the illusion of a single bulletin board available
   anywhere in the world. It propagates articles so that, with some
   delays, an article posted from anywhere in the world is available to
   everyone else.
   Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted
   provided that the copies are not made or distributed for commercial
   advantage, the ACM copyright notice and the title of the publication
   and its date appear, and notice is given that copying is by permission
   of the Association for Computing Machinery. To copy otherwise, or to
   republish, requires a fee and/or specific permission.
   Recent counts indicate that there are more than 8000 newsgroups, with
   an average traffic of more than 100 MB per day[1]. The newsgroups
   carry announcements, questions, and discussions. In a discussion,
   often called a thread, one article induces replies from several
   others, each of which may also induce replies. The January 24, 1994
   estimates of netnews participation indicate that more than 140,000
   people posted articles in the previous two weeks. There are many more
   "lurkers" who read but do not post articles. Clearly, a lot of people
   are getting value from these bulletin boards.
   In fact, netnews' rapid broadcast nature and widespread readership has
   reshaped the way the computing community works. System administrators
   depend on netnews to keep in touch with the latest development work,
   the latest security holes, and the latest bug fixes. Researchers
   depend on netnews as a way of keeping up-to-date on new research
   directions and important results in between conferences. Many others
   use netnews just to keep in touch with other people around the world,
   to learn about new books, new recipes, new music, and what life in
   other cities is like. Over the years netnews has become a principal
   medium for sharing among computer users.
   Even so, the experience of using netnews is not completely satisfying.
   Almost everyone complains that the signal to noise ratio is too low.
   Writers cannot easily tell whether their comments are valued, except
   by the vocal few who post responses. Some seem not to care about
   reader interest, only about their own right to write. Moreover, tastes
   differ, so that no one article will appeal to all the readers of a
   newsgroup. Each reader ends up sifting through many news articles to
   find a few valuable ones. Often, readers find the process too
   frustrating and stop reading netnews altogether.
   Netnews provides two mechanisms that help readers limit their
   attention to articles likely to interest them. First, the division of
   the bulletin board into newsgroups allows readers to focus on a few
   topics. When the number of postings in a newsgroup gets too large, it
   is often split into two or more newsgroups with identifiable
   subtopics. Second, some newsgroups are moderated. Attempted postings
   to these newsgroups are automatically forwarded to the moderator, who
   decides whether or not they belong in the newsgroup. Usenet propagates
   only those articles that receive the moderator's stamp of approval.
   In addition, software packages for reading netnews (hereafter referred
   to as news clients) provide other mechanisms that ease readers'
   burdens. First, most news clients display a summary of the author and
   subject line for each message in a newsgroup. The user then indicates
   which articles she would like to read. Second, most news clients
   display all of the articles in a particular discussion thread
   together. Some initially show only the first article in each thread,
   allowing users to quickly peruse the current discussion topics. Third,
   some news clients provide "kill files." A kill file identifies text
   strings that are not interesting to a particular user. If a user puts
   the subject line of an article into the kill file, no further articles
   on that subject will be displayed. If a user puts the author's name
   into a kill file, no further articles from that author will be
   displayed. Finally, some news readers provide string search
   facilities. If the user is particularly interested in articles that
   mention "collaborative filtering," the news client can find them.
   GroupLens provides a new mechanism to help focus attention on
   interesting articles. It draws on a deceptively simple idea: people
   who agreed in their subjective evaluation of past articles are likely
   to agree again in the future. After reading articles, users assign
   them numeric ratings. GroupLens uses the ratings in two ways. First,
   it correlates the ratings in order to determine which users' ratings
   are most similar to each other. Second, it predicts how well users
   will like new articles, based on ratings from similar users. The heart
   of GroupLens is an open architecture that includes news clients for
   entry of ratings and display of predictions, and rating servers for
   distribution of ratings and delivery of predictions.
   Related Work
   The general problems of information overload and low signal to noise
   ratio have received considerable attention in the research literature.
   We use the term information filtering generically to refer both to
   finding desired information (filtering in) and eliminating that which
   is undesirable (filtering out), but related work also appears under
   the labels of information retrieval and selective dissemination of
   information [2]. In addition, research on agents [12, 13], user
   modeling [1, 9], knowbots [8], and mediators [21] has explored
   semi-autonomous computer programs that perform information filtering
   on behalf of a user.
   Malone et al. [13] describe three categories of filtering techniques,
   cognitive, social, and economic, based on the information sources the
   techniques draw on in order to predict a user's reaction to an
   article. The three categories provide a useful road map to the
   literature.
   Cognitive, or content-based filtering techniques select documents
   based on the text in them. For example, the kill files and string
   search features provided by news clients perform content filtering.
   Even the division of netnews into newsgroups is a primitive example,
   since a reader restricts his attention to those articles with a
   particular text string in their "newsgroup:" field.
   Other content-based filtering techniques could potentially be used as
   well. The profile of which texts to include or kill could be more
   complex than a collection of character strings. For example, strings
   could be combined with the Boolean operators AND, OR, and NOT.
   Alternatively, the profile could consist of weight vectors, with the
   weights expressing the relative importance of each of a set of terms
   [4, 5, 16].
   Some content filtering techniques update the profiles automatically
   based on feedback about whether the user likes the articles that the
   current profile selects. Information retrieval research refers to this
   process as relevance feedback [17]. The techniques for updating can
   draw on Bayesian probability [2], genetic algorithms [18], or other
   machine learning techniques.
   Social filtering techniques select articles based on relationships
   between people and on their subjective judgments. Placing an author's
   name in a kill file is a crude example. More sophisticated techniques
   might also filter out articles from people who previously co-authored
   papers with the objectionable person.
   Collaborative filtering, based on the subjective evaluations of other
   readers, is an even more promising form of social filtering. Human
   readers do not share computers' difficulties with synonymy, polysemy,
   and context when judging the relevance of text. Moreover, people can
   judge texts on other dimensions such as quality, authoritativeness, or
   respectfulness. A moderated newsgroup employs a primitive form of
   collaborative filtering, choosing articles for all potential readers
   based on evaluations by a single person, the moderator.
   The Tapestry system [6] makes more sophisticated use of subjective
   evaluations. Though it was not designed to work specifically with
   netnews, it allows filtering of all incoming information streams,
   including netnews. Many people can post evaluations, not just a single
   moderator, and readers can choose which evaluators to pay attention
   to. The evaluations can contain text, not just binary accept/reject
   recommendations. Moreover, filters can combine content-based criteria
   and subjective evaluations. For example, a reader could request
   articles containing the word "CSCW" that Joe has evaluated and where
   the evaluation contains the word, "excellent".
   Our work is similar in spirit to Tapestry but extends it in two ways.
   First, Tapestry is a monolithic system designed to share evaluations
   within a single site. We share ratings between sites and our
   architecture is open to the creation of new news clients and rating
   servers that would use the evaluations in different ways. Second,
   Tapestry does not include any aggregate queries. The rating servers we
   have implemented aggregate ratings from several evaluators, based on
   correlation of their past ratings. A reader need not know in advance
   whose evaluations to use and in fact need not even know whose
   evaluations are actually used. In GroupLens, ratings entered under a
   pseudonym are just as useful as those that are signed.
   Maltz has developed a system that aggregates all ratings of each
   netnews article, determining a single score for each [14]. By
   contrast, GroupLens customizes score prediction to each user, thus
   accommodating differing interests and tastes. In return for its
   reduced functionality, Maltz's scheme scales better than ours, because
   rating servers can exchange summaries of several users' ratings of an
   article, rather than individual ratings.
   The subjective evaluations used in collaborative filtering may be
   implicit rather than explicit. Read Wear and Edit Wear [7] guide users
   based on other users' interactions with an artifact. The GroupLens
   news clients monitor how long users spend reading each article but our
   rating servers do not yet use that information when predicting scores.
   Economic filtering techniques select articles based on the costs and
   benefits of producing and reading them. For example, Malone argues
   that mass mailings have a low production cost per addressee and should
   therefore be given lower priority. Applying this idea to netnews, a
   news client might filter out articles that had been cross-posted to
   several newsgroups. More radical schemes could provide payments (in
   real money or reputation points) to readers to consider articles and
   payments to producers based on how much the readers liked the
   articles.
   Stodolsky has proposed a scheme that combines social and economic
   filtering techniques [19]. He proposes on-line publications where the
   publication decision ultimately rests with the author. During a
   preliminary publication period, other readers may post ratings of the
   article. The author may then withdraw the article, to avoid the cost
   to his reputation of publishing an article that is disliked.
   Outline
   The GROUPLENS section of the paper describes the GroupLens
   architecture and its evolution. The ONGOING EXPERIMENTATION section
   describes a larger scale test of the architecture that is in
   preparation. The SOCIAL IMPLICATIONS section addresses social changes
   in the use of Netnews that may be precipitated by GroupLens.
   GROUPLENS
   GroupLens is a distributed system for gathering, disseminating, and
   using ratings from some users to predict other users' interest in
   articles. It includes news reading clients for both Macintosh and Unix
   computers, as well as "Better Bit Bureaus," servers that gather
   ratings and make predictions. Both the overall architecture and
   particular components have evolved through iterative design and pilot
   testing to meet the following goals:
   Openness: There are currently dozens of news clients in common use,
   each with a strong following among its user community. Any or all of
   these clients can be adapted to participate in GroupLens. GroupLens
   also allows for the creation of alternative Better Bit Bureaus that
   use ratings in different ways to predict user interest in news
   articles.
   Ease of Use: Ratings are easy to form and communicate, and predictions
   are easy to recognize and interpret. This minimizes the additional
   burden that collaborative filtering places on users.
   Compatibility: The architecture is compatible with existing news
   mechanisms. Compatibility reduces user overhead in taking advantage of
   the new tool, and simplifies its introduction into netnews.
   Scalability: As the number of users grows, the quality of predictions
   should improve and the speed not deteriorate. One potential limit to
   growth will be transport and storage of the ratings, if GroupLens
   grows very large.
   Privacy: Some users would prefer not to have others know what kinds of
   articles they read and what kinds they like. The Better Bit Bureaus in
   GroupLens can make effective use of ratings even if they are provided
   under a pseudonym.
   Overview
   Usenet consists of Internet sites as well as UUCP sites. Typically a
   site will declare a machine to act as its news server. Users at each
   site invoke news clients on their computers and connect to the news
   server in order to retrieve news articles. Users can also write new
   articles and post them to the news server through their news clients.
   When a user posts an article, it travels from the news client where
   the article is composed to the local news server and from there to
   news servers at nearby sites. After leaving the originating site, an
   article propagates throughout Usenet, hopping from site to site. Since
   there is no centralized coordination of the distribution process, an
   article may arrive at a site via more than one route. Because articles
   have globally unique identifiers, however, and are never altered once
   they are posted, any site can recognize a duplicate copy of an article
   and avoid passing it on. Lotus Notes uses a similar distribution
   process [10]. The netnews architecture is summarized in Figure 1.
   GroupLens adds one new type of entity to the netnews architecture,
   Better Bit Bureaus, as shown in Figure 2. The Better Bit Bureaus
   provide scores that predict how much the user will like articles, and
   gather ratings from news clients after the user reads the articles.
   The Better Bit Bureaus also use special newsgroups to share ratings
   with each other, to allow collaborative filtering among users at
   different sites. The remainder of this section traces the processes of
   rating creation, distribution, and use and describes how they meet
   [IMAGE]
   Figure 1: The netnews architecture. News articles hop from news server
   to news server. A news client connects to the news server at its site
   and presents articles to users. [INLINE]
   Figure 2: The GroupLens architecture. Better Bit Bureaus collect
   ratings from clients, communicate them by way of news servers, and use
   them to generate numeric score predictions that they send to clients.
   Clients connect to a local news server, and can connect to a Better
   Bit Bureau that uses the same or a different news server.the design
   goals of openness, ease of use, compatibility, scalability, and
   privacy.
   Entering Ratings
   In GroupLens, a rating is a number from 1 to 5, optionally
   supplemented by the number of seconds which the user spent reading the
   article. Users are encouraged to assign ratings based on how much they
   liked the article, with 5 highest and 1 lowest. The user chooses a
   pseudonym to associate with her ratings that may be different from the
   name she uses for posting news articles. This preserves the ability to
   detect that two ratings came from the same person, while preventing
   detection of exactly who that person is.
   The GroupLens choice of the form and meaning of ratings is only one
   possibility in a rich design space. There are many possible dimensions
   along which to rate articles: interest in subject, quality of writing,
   authoritativeness of the author, etc. Rather than a single composite
   rating, separate ratings on several dimensions could be solicited from
   readers. Free text ratings could be entered rather than numbers.
   Readers could be asked to predict how well they think other readers
   will like an article rather than report how much they themselves liked
   it. Ratings could be restricted only to positive, or only to negative
   evaluations. The degree of privacy could also be varied, from
   completely anonymous to authenticated signatures.
   In fact, an earlier implementation of a Macintosh news client [20]
   employed ratings with quite a different form than the current
   GroupLens architecture. Users entered only endorsements, positive
   ratings, on the assumption that since the signal to noise ratio in
   netnews is so low it is only important to point out the good articles.
   Readers endorsed articles that they thought others in a known small
   group would like. Finally, readers signed endorsements with their real
   names, allowing other people to select all the articles endorsed by a
   particular friend.
   A pilot test of that earlier endorsement mechanism at a Schlumberger
   research lab indicated that a group of seven people may not be large
   enough to get the full available benefit of collaborative filtering.
   As we contemplated a much larger group size, we believed that some
   users would be less willing to sign their ratings and that it would
   become increasingly difficult for users to know what articles others
   in the group would like.
   The pilot test also reinforced the importance of making it as easy as
   possible to enter endorsements. To make an endorsement, a user had to
   select from a pull-down menu, wait for a window to open up, optionally
   enter text in the window, and then close it. While the whole process
   took only a matter of seconds if the user entered no text, it was
   still significantly longer than it normally takes to go on to the next
   article.
   We have taken care in the GroupLens system to make entry of ratings as
   easy as possible. We have modified three news clients, Emacs Gnus and
   NN for UNIX machines and NewsWatcher for Macintoshes. In each case,
   entry of a
   [IMAGE]
   Figure 3. Reading an article with the modified NewsWatcher client. The
   user can click on one of the five ratings buttons with the mouse, or
   type a number from 1 to 5 on the keyboard.
   rating fits into the overall paradigm of the news client. For example,
   in the modified NewsWatcher, the numbers 1 to 5 appear as selectable
   buttons any time a user reads an article (Figure 3), and the user can
   also type a number as a keyboard shortcut for those buttons. In Gnus,
   no buttons are displayed, but readers still type the ratings directly.
   With NN, readers first type the letter `v' (to enter into "rating
   mode") and then the rating.
   The GroupLens architecture requires only that ratings be reported on a
   1 to 5 scale, not that they be displayed by news clients on that
   scale. To make the rating scale easy for students to understand, the
   NN and Gnus clients accept letter grades rather than numbers. When
   reporting the ratings to the Better Bit Bureau, they translate `a' to
   5, `b' to 4 and so on. Other news clients could allow more gradations
   of ratings (e.g., 1 to 100) and report them as fractions between 1 and
   5.
   Distributing Ratings
   GroupLens does not interfere with the Usenet propagation scheme at
   all. On the contrary, it relies upon it heavily. The Better Bit Bureau
   packages one or more ratings into a news article, following the format
   in Figure 4, and posts it to a news server. This allows GroupLens to
   take advantage of the Usenet propagation scheme. Over the years Usenet
   has demonstrated its ability to propagate articles to every other
   Usenet site, even as the number of news servers has grown
   dramatically. Rating servers could exchange ratings directly, through
   internet or UUCP links, but they would have to reimplement many of the
   propagation features already found in Usenet.
   The message format we have defined allows several ratings to be
   batched in a single article. Each rating is just one line of text,
   while each Usenet netnews article requires several lines of headers.
   Thus, packaging several ratings in one article can save a considerable
   amount of overhead. Our Better Bit Bureaus (BBBs) batch at the session
   level (i.e., all ratings entered by a user during a reading session go
   into one ratings article). Other batching policies, such as all
   ratings from a site over the last hour, could be implemented.
   Ratings are posted in newsgroups dedicated solely to ratings articles.
   One natural configuration is to set up a parallel "ratings transport"
   newsgroup for each "normal" Usenet group. One deficiency of this
   approach is that if a rating article contains several ratings, it may
   have to be cross-posted to many ratings newsgroups. Another deficiency
   is that it requires news servers to carry a large number of new
   newsgroups devoted solely to ratings, which may increase
   administrative overhead. Currently, our BBBs post all ratings in a
   single newsgroup.
   To facilitate the initial spread of GroupLens, users can participate
   even if their local news servers do not carry the ratings newsgroup
   and even if their local site administrators have not set up Better Bit
   Bureaus. The GroupLens architecture permits this by allowing users to
   connect to a remote BBB. The left side of Figure 2 illustrates a local
   BBB that posts ratings articles to the same news server that the
   clients connect to. The right side of Figure 2 illustrates a client
   connecting to a remote BBB that propagates ratings articles through a
   different news server.
   Predicting Scores    The Better Bit Bureaus (BBBs) predict how much readers will like
   articles. While content filters would make predictions based on the
   presence or absence of words in the articles, the BBBs in GroupLens
   use the opinions of other people who have already rated the articles.
   If no one has read an article, the BBBs are unable to make predictions
   about it.
   When ratings for an article are available, they are unlikely to be
   uniform, due to differences of opinion and goals among the raters. A
   BBB combines the different ratings to produce a predicted score.
   Moreover, additional readers are likely to have different opinions
   about the article. A BBB thus might use the same ratings to predict
   different scores for different readers, by changing the relative
   weight given to the ratings.
   When predictions are on the same scale as ratings, prediction can be
   modeled as matrix filling, where the columns are people, the rows are
   articles, and the cells contain the ratings that people have posted,
   as shown in Figure 5. Many of the cells of the matrix are empty,
   because readers have not yet examined those articles or have elected
   not to rate them. A BBB predicts scores for missing cells before the
   readers examine the corresponding articles.
   From: MIT GroupLens Better Bit Bureau
   Subject: Ratings; please ignore
   Message-ID: <771185369
   Groups_Rated: news.adin.policy, news.groups
   Raters: [Pseudo1]
    [Pseudo1] 1 12
   news.adin.policy
    [Pseudo1] 2 7 news.groups
   Figure 4: A sample ratings article. Each line in the body of the
   article contains a rating of one article by one person. The five
   fields on each line are the id of the article, the pseudonym of the
   rater, a rating, the number of seconds the reader spent examining the
   article before rating it, and the newsgroups the article is in. The
   time count is optional. Additional keyword identified fields can also
   be included at the end of line.
   [IMAGE]
   Figure 5: a sample matrix of ratings.
   All the scoring methods we have implemented are based on the heuristic
   that people who agreed in the past are likely to agree again, at least
   on articles in the same newsgroup. This heuristic will mislead on
   occasion, but preferences for most kinds of articles are likely to be
   fairly stable over time.
   To implement this heuristic, our BBBs first correlate ratings on
   previous articles to determine weights to assign to each of the other
   people when making predictions for one of them. Then, they use the
   weights to combine the ratings that are available for the current
   article. We have investigated several techniques for correlating past
   behavior and using the resultant weights, based on reinforcement
   learning [12], multivariate regression, and pairwise correlation
   coefficients that minimize linear error or squared error.
   We illustrate one of the correlation and prediction techniques by
   computing Ken's predicted score on article 6, the last row of the
   matrix. First, we compute correlation coefficients [15], weights
   between -1 and 1 that indicate how much Ken tended to agree with each
   of the others on those articles that they both rated. For example,
   Ken's correlation coefficient with Lee is computed as:
   [IMAGE]
   In the formula above, [INLINE] is the average of Ken's ratings. All
   the summations and averages in the formula are computed only over
   those articles that Ken and Lee both rated. We have conveniently
   arranged for [INLINE] and [INLINE] to be 3 in this example, but that
   need not be true in practice.
   Similarly, Ken's correlation coefficient with Meg is +1 and with Nan
   is 0. That is, Ken tends to disagree with Lee ( [INLINE] ) and agree
   with Meg ( [INLINE] ). His ratings are not correlated with Nan's.
   To predict Ken's score on the last article in the matrix, take a
   weighted average of all the ratings on article 6 according to the
   following formula:
   [IMAGE]
   This is a reasonable prediction for Ken, since the article received a
   high rating from someone who agreed with him in the past and a low
   rating from someone who disagreed. Carrying through similar
   calculations for Nan yields a lower prediction of 3.75. Since Nan had
   partial agreement with Lee in the past, Lee's low rating for the
   article partially cancels out the high ratings that Meg gave it.
   The score prediction system is robust with respect to certain
   differences of interpretation of the rating scale. If two users are
   perfectly correlated, but one user gives only scores between 3 and 5
   and the other only scores between 1 and 3, a 5 score from the first
   user will result in a prediction of 3 for the second. If two users
   would be perfectly correlated, but the first mistakenly thinks 1 is a
   good score and 5 is bad, the two will be negatively correlated and a 1
   score from the first will result in a prediction of 5 for the second.
   This leads to a clear explanation to the user of how to assign
   ratings: assign the rating you wish GroupLens had predicted for this
   article.
   Allen's study of five subjects' preferences for newswire articles [1]
   found very small correlations between subjects, thus calling into
   question our basic assumption that people who agreed in the past are
   likely to agree again. It may be, however, that a larger sample of
   subjects would have yielded some pairs with larger overlaps in their
   ratings. More importantly, it may be that pairs of people will share
   interests in some topics but not others. Two people may agree in their
   evaluations of technical articles, but not jokes. Our BBBs keep
   separate rating matrices for each newsgroup.
   One hopes that the accuracy of the predictions improve as the BBB has
   more past ratings to use in computing correlations. Four people at the
   University of Minnesota participated in a pilot test of an earlier
   version, using a slightly different scoring function. While all four
   participants reported that the predicted scores eventually matched
   their interests fairly closely, they did observe that there was a
   start-up interval before the predictions were very useful. Further
   experiments and analysis are necessary to determine just how long the
   start-up interval is likely to be for each new user.
   It seems likely that better scoring mechanisms can be developed. In
   addition to better matrix filling techniques, it may be helpful to use
   both others' ratings and the contents of articles in making
   predictions. It may also be helpful to take into account the time
   people spent reading articles before rating them, information
   collected but not used by our BBBs.
   Fortunately, the GroupLens architecture is open: anyone can implement
   an alternative BBB so long as it posts ratings articles in the format
   described above and communicates with clients the same way that our
   BBBs do. We hope that the development of alternative BBBs will become
   an active area for future research. As we describe below, our next
   pilot test should yield rating sets that we will make available to
   others who wish to evaluate alternative scoring algorithms.
   Using Ratings
   It is up to the news client how best to use the scores generated by a
   BBB. Some may filter out those articles with scores below a threshold.
   Some may sort the articles based on the scores. Others may simply
   display the scores, numerically or graphically. In keeping with the
   ease of use design goal, developers should modify each news client in
   a manner consistent with that client's overall design.
   One trend in news clients is to display a summary of the unread
   articles in a newsgroup. Each line of the summary contains information
   about one article, typically the author, the subject line and the
   length. A user browses the summary and requests display of the full
   text of those articles that seem interesting. All three of the news
   clients we modified use this display technique.
   The three modified clients we implemented make slightly different uses
   of the scores in the summary display. The modified NN client displays
   articles in the same order a regular NN client does, namely the order
   in which the articles arrived at the news server. It merely adds an
   additional column containing the predicted scores. In the first
   version of this client, the scores were displayed numerically.
   The modified Gnus client uses the predicted scores to alter the order
   of presentation of articles in the summary. Gnus clusters articles by
   thread. The modified Gnus client sorts the threads based on the
   maximum predicted score over the articles in the thread. Within each
   thread, however, articles are still displayed in chronological order,
   to preserve the flow of discussion. As in the modified NN, the scores
   are displayed in an additional column in the summary.
   The Minnesota pilot test included users of both the Gnus and NN
   clients. As expected, participants tended to believe that the sorting
   and display mechanisms of their own news reader were best, but all
   were glad to see the score predictions incorporated into that standard
   format.
   Several users, however, noticed that it was somewhat difficult to
   visually scan the predictions to find the high ones. A revised version
   of the NN client (Figure 6) rounds off to the nearest integer and
   reports that as a letter grade (A-E), a scale familiar to students at
   U.S. Universities.
   The modified NewsWatcher client displays the predicted scores as bar
   graphs rather than numbers (Figure 7), making it easier to visually
   scan for articles with high scores (longer bars). Otherwise, it
   follows the conventions of the original NewsWatcher client. Articles
   are grouped into threads and the summary display initially shows
   header lines only for the first article in each thread. Users can
   twist down the triangle associated with a thread to see the header
   lines for the rest of the articles.
   [IMAGE]
   Figure 6: The modified NN client. The third column displays the number
   of lines in the article. The fourth column displays the score
   predictions as letter grades, translated from the numeric predictions
   that the Better Bit Bureau makes (5=A, 4=B, etc.). When no one has
   evaluated an article, no prediction is made.
   [IMAGE]
   Figure 7: The modified NewsWatcher client displays predicted scores as
   bar graphs. Disclaimer: the scores were randomly generated for
   demonstration purposes. In practice, we would expect articles by Pete
   Bergstrom (one of the authors of this paper) to have much higher
   predicted scores.
   Scale Issues
   Further research is needed to understand how performance will change
   as the scale increases. In the case of GroupLens, there are several
   relevant performance measures: prediction quality, user time, Better
   Bit Bureau compute time and disk storage, and network traffic.
   The first measure is the quality of score predictions. We expect
   prediction quality to increase as the number of users increases, since
   more data will be available to the prediction algorithm.
   Another measure is how long users have to wait to post ratings and
   receive predictions. In an earlier version of GroupLens, the functions
   of the BBB were incorporated in the news client itself. One major
   advantage of the separate BBB is that it can pre-fetch ratings and
   pre-compute predictions rather than computing them when the user
   starts the news client. Thus, user time should remain roughly constant
   as GroupLens grows, even if it takes more CPU time to compute scores.
   For many possible prediction formulas CPU time will grow even faster
   than linearly with increases in the number of users. To reduce CPU
   time, BBBs could use only a part of the ratings matrix, trading off
   compute time against quality of predictions.
   Even though each rating is short, each news article might be read and
   rated by many raters, so the total volume of ratings could exceed the
   volume of news. To minimize storage requirements, BBBs may employ
   algorithms that use and discard ratings as they arrive, rather than
   storing them.
   Three basic techniques could reduce network traffic: reduce the size
   of the ratings, reduce the number of ratings, and reduce the number of
   places where each rating is sent. Our BBBs batch several ratings in a
   single article, a first step toward reducing the amount of storage per
   rating, but further compression is possible. The number of ratings
   could be reduced by limiting the total number of ratings per article
   or the number of ratings from users with similar profiles.
   The separation of the BBBs from the news clients in the GroupLens
   architecture reduces the number of destinations for each rating: each
   news client receives only score predictions rather than all the
   individual ratings that contribute to those predictions.
   The number of destinations for each rating could be further reduced by
   sending ratings to some BBBs but not others. For example, BBBs could
   be clustered, based on geography or interest, and exchange ratings
   only within clusters. The size of each cluster must be small enough to
   limit the amount of ratings information distributed, but large enough
   to provide an effective peer group. The table below estimates daily
   network traffic for various cluster sizes assuming each user rates 100
   articles per day and each rating requires approximately 100 bytes. For
   comparison purposes, the current netnews traffic is around 100MB per
   day.
Cluster size     Daily ratings
                 traffic
100 users        1 MB
10,000 users     100 MB
1,000,000 users  10 GB
   Summary of GroupLens Architecture
   The heart of GroupLens is an open architecture for distributing
   ratings. The architecture specifies the format of ratings produced in
   batches by BBBs, the propagation of the ratings by Usenet, and the
   interface for delivering predictions and ratings between news clients
   and BBBs. Otherwise, the architecture is completely open. BBBs and
   news clients can be freely substituted, providing an environment for
   experimentation in predicting ratings and in user interfaces for
   collecting ratings and presenting predictions.
   ONGOING EXPERIMENTATION    Both of the previous pilot tests, at Schlumberger and the University
   of Minnesota, involved only local sharing of ratings. These tests led
   to improvements in both the overall architecture and the user
   interfaces of news clients, as discussed already. The next step is a
   larger scale, distributed test, that we plan to carry out this summer.
   We have established a newsgroup on the news servers at MIT and
   Minnesota and two (slightly different) Better Bit Bureaus that
   communicate ratings through that newsgroup.
   The test is not designed to demonstrate that people prefer to read
   netnews with our collaborative filters than without them. We believe
   that such an evaluation should wait for at least one more iterative
   design cycle. Rather, the goals are to identify any unexpected scaling
   issues that may arise and to gather a data set that will be useful in
   evaluating alternative score prediction algorithms.
   The primary benchmark of any algorithm's effectiveness will be its
   ability to predict values that have been deleted from a rating matrix.
   At first glance, it might seem that any large set of ratings would be
   useful in creating such a benchmark. Upon closer inspection, however,
   complete ratings matrices are much more valuable than sparse ones. For
   example, suppose that users read and rate only a small number of
   articles, based on score predictions they receive from BBB X. If users
   read different articles, this generates a sparse matrix of ratings.
   Now suppose that we wish to compare X to an alternative, Y, that
   predicts different scores for the users. We can compare Y's and X's
   predictions on those articles that users read, but the sample is
   biased. Perhaps with Y's scores, the users would have read other
   articles and liked them.
   To allow unbiased comparisons, we are asking each of the participants
   in the next pilot test to read and rate all the articles in a training
   set. The training set will contain a number of articles from each of
   the newsgroups that will be included in the test. Since users will
   contribute ratings under a pseudonym, we will be able to share the
   ratings in this training set with other researchers. In addition, we
   will retain the full texts of the articles in the training set. That
   will enable evaluation of BBBs that perform content filtering, or a
   combination of content filtering and collaborative filtering, as well
   as those that use only other users' ratings.
   SOCIAL IMPLICATIONS
   Collaborative filtering may introduce many social changes in the
   already rapidly evolving Netnews community. For example, the utility
   of moderated newsgroups may decline. New social patterns will have to
   develop to encourage socially beneficial behaviors, such as reviewing
   articles that have already received a few low ratings. Finally, if
   GroupLens is effective at creating peer groups with shared interests,
   will those peer groups be permeable or will the global village
   fracture into tribes?
   Changes to Netnews Behaviors
   GroupLens has the potential to change Netnews as we now know it. For
   one thing the quality of articles individual users choose to read
   should increase. More significantly, as more and more users rely on
   GroupLens the total number of low-quality articles on Usenet may
   decrease significantly. Since few people will read such articles, the
   incentive to post them will decrease. GroupLens may also supplant or
   supplement other established Netnews behaviors.
   Moderated Newsgroups    GroupLens may reduce the need for moderated newsgroups. The advantages
   of GroupLens over the existing approach are that "moderators" can be
   groups of people as well as individuals, and that each user can rely
   on a different moderator rather than having a single moderator for the
   entire group.
   Some newsgroups might choose to use both a moderator and GroupLens.
   The moderator of a newsgroup will make the initial pass through the
   article submissions. Peer ratings would then allow further filtering.
   Newsgroup Splits    Currently, newsgroups start off with broad topics and split into
   narrower topics as traffic increases. For example, the newsgroup
   rec.sport.football eventually split into the subgroups australian,
   canadian, rugby, pro, college, fantasy, misc, and one for each team in
   the NFL. These splits are a form of content filtering, initiated and
   managed by the users.
   GroupLens users may find that many such splits are less important, and
   in some cases undesirable. Over the course of time users will find
   themselves reading only the subset of the newsgroup they are most
   interested in, as they correlate with a peer group with similar
   interests. Splits of interest between groups of users will appear
   naturally, with no additional user or administrative effort. Allowing
   the splits to happen through GroupLens rather than through explicit
   content filtering allows more cross-pollination of general interest
   articles. For instance, interesting articles posted by Bills fans
   about an upcoming football game against the Cowboys would also reach
   Cowboys fans with GroupLens, but would not if the articles were posted
   in the more specialized newsgroup rec.sport.football.bills.
   Kill-Files    Kill files are a content filtering mechanism implemented in some news
   clients. Many users who strongly dislike particular subjects or
   particular authors, however, do not use kill files because they find
   the mechanism complicated and cumbersome. GroupLens might be an easier
   means to the same end. A user's peer group will give such articles low
   ratings, so only a few users will have to read them.
   Incentives
   Individuals put additional effort, albeit a modest amount, into
   providing ratings through GroupLens. These ratings provide benefit to
   other users who can use them to select interesting articles. It's a
   two-way street: everyone can be both a producer and a consumer of
   ratings.
   When someone reads and rates an article, there is an incentive to
   provide honest ratings, because dishonest ratings will cause the BBB
   to make poor future predictions for that user. On the other hand,
   there is no incentive to rate articles at all. On the contrary, there
   is an incentive to wait for others' ratings rather than read and rate
   an article oneself. A certain amount of altruism or guilt may cause
   most people to "do their share" of rating, but fewer than the socially
   optimal number of ratings are likely to be produced.
   The four-person Minnesota pilot test included a high-volume newsgroup,
   rec.arts.movies. The volume of articles was so high that each
   participant was unwilling to read a one-quarter share of the total
   daily volume. The newsgroup was quickly dropped from the test. It may
   be that a larger user population would generate ratings even for a
   high-volume list such as rec.arts.movies, but it is harder to draw on
   a "do-your-share" mentality when collaborating with larger groups of
   people.
   There are other, more subtle incentive problems that can arise as
   well. For example, there is an asymmetry between the effects of
   positive and negative ratings. If the first few readers rate an
   article too highly, others will read the article and give it lower
   ratings. On the other hand, if the first few ratings of an article are
   negative, others who would have rated it highly may never look at it
   because of the initial negative rating.
   To avoid this, it may be necessary to provide external incentives to
   some people to read and rate articles that have initially low ratings.
   The external incentives could be money, fame, or simply access to
   others' ratings: those who did not contribute their share of ratings
   might be denied access to the Better Bit Bureau's predictions.
   Global Villages
   Present newsgroups, like newspapers and local television shows before
   them, provide a shared history for their community of readers. With
   GroupLens, users may choose to read articles only from a small group
   with whom they share many common interests. Over time this could lead
   to a fracture of the global village into many small tribes, each
   forming a virtual community but nonetheless isolated from each other.
   Some kind of fracture is inevitable and even desirable, because no
   user can keep up with the overwhelming volume of news produced each
   day. The question is whether the subgroups will be closed or
   permeable. One argument for prognosticating permeability is that many
   groups will form for a short time and then disband [3]. Another is
   that many users will participate in several subgroups, providing a
   mechanism for the best ideas to cross boundaries of interest groups.
   CONCLUSION
   Shared evaluations are useful in all sorts of activities. We ask
   friends, colleagues, and professional reviewers for their opinions
   about books, movies, journal articles, cars, schools, and
   neighborhoods. Clearly, some form of shared evaluations should also
   help in filtering electronic information streams such as netnews. It
   is not yet clear exactly what form those evaluations should take, how
   they should be collected and disseminated, and how they should be used
   in selecting articles to read.
   GroupLens is one promising approach. A single number gives a composite
   rating of an article on all dimensions relevant to a particular
   reader. We have modified three news reading clients to enable easy
   entry of such numeric ratings. We have also modified the way that the
   clients display subject lines to include predicted scores based on
   others' ratings.
   Naturally, there will be differences of opinion among readers about
   particular articles, due to varying interests or quality assessments.
   To accommodate differences of opinion, not all readers will place
   equal trust in particular evaluators. The algorithms we have
   implemented automatically determine how much weight to place on each
   evaluation, based on the degree of correlation between past opinions
   of the reader and evaluator. This has the beneficial side effects that
   readers need not know initially whose evaluations to trust and the
   evaluators' opinions can become trusted even if the evaluators choose
   to remain anonymous.
   The GroupLens architecture allows new users to connect and new rating
   servers to come on line, without global coordination. A new user need
   only use a modified news client and have a connection to a rating
   server. The user need not convince the administrator of her netnews
   server to modify the news server, run any additional software, or even
   to carry any additional newsgroups. A new rating server needs only to
   get access to a news server that carries the ratings newsgroups.
   Moreover, the architecture is open. Anyone who wishes to can modify a
   news client to allow entry of evaluations or to use predicted scores,
   so long as the client follows the protocol we have established for
   communicating with the rating server. Anyone who wishes to improve on
   the score predictions that our rating servers make can do so. There
   may be better ways to correlate past evaluations. There may also be
   ways to use the evaluations in conjunction with content filtering. For
   example, when correlating past evaluations, the scoring algorithm
   might consider evaluations only of past articles that are somehow
   similar to the current one. Our next pilot test should yield a data
   set that can be used for evaluating alternative prediction methods.
   Only further testing can reveal whether GroupLens gathers the right
   kind of evaluations and uses them in ways that people like. If the
   simple numeric evaluations turn out to be sufficient, the architecture
   will scale up to large numbers of rating servers and users. If not,
   then data from our tests will help develop and evaluate other
   mechanisms for sharing and using evaluations.
   Right now, people read news articles and react to them, but those
   reactions are wasted. GroupLens is a first step toward mining this
   hidden resource.
   ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
   Shumpei Kumon's keynote address at CSCW 92 [11] inspired our
   investigation of the practical application of reputations to social
   filtering. Thanks to Lorin Hitt and Carl Feynman for helpful
   discussions about how to predict scores based on past correlations.
   Peter Foltz and Sue Dumais generously provided a test rating set
   generated from one of their experiments on content filtering [5].
   Thanks also to Chris Avery, Joe Adler, Yannis Bakos, Erik
   Brynjolfsson, David Goldberg, Bill MacGregor, Tom Malone, David Maltz,
   Vahid Mashayekhi, Lisa Spears, Doug Terry, Mark Uhrmacher, and
   Zbigniew Wieckowski.
   REFERENCES
   1. Allen, R.B. User Models: Theory, Method, and Practice.
   International Journal of Man-Machine Studies, 32, (1990), pp.
   511-543.
   2. Belkin, N.J. and Croft, B.W. Information Filtering and Information
   Retrieval: Two Sides of the Same Coin? CACM, 35, 12 (1992), pp. 29-38.
   3. Brothers, L., Hollan, J., Nielsen, J., Stornetta, S., Abney, S.,
   Furnas, G. and Littman, M. Supporting Informal Communication via
   Ephemeral Interest Groups. In Proceedings of CSCW 92 (1992, New York:
   ACM), pp. 84-90.
   4. Deerwester, S., Dumais, S.T., Furnas, G.W., Landauer, T.K. and
   Harshman, R. Indexing by Latent Semantic Analysis. Journal of the
   American Society for Information Science, 41, 6 (1990), pp. 391-407.
   5. Foltz, P.W. and Dumais, S.T. Personalized Information Delivery: An
   Analysis of Information Filtering Methods. Communications of the ACM,
   35, 12 (1992), pp. 51-60.
   6. Goldberg, D., Nichols, D., Oki, B.M. and Terry, D. Using
   Collaborative Filtering to Weave an Information Tapestry.
   Communications of the ACM, 35, 12 (1992), pp. 61-70.
   7. Hill, W.C., Hollan, J.D., Wroblewski, D. and McCandless, T. Edit
   Wear and Read Wear. In Proceedings of CHI 92 Conference on Human
   Factors in Computing Systems (1992, New York: ACM), pp. 3-9.
   8. Kahn, R.E. and Cerf, V.G. The Digital Library Project, Volume 1:
   The Wold of Knowbots. An Open Architecture for a Digital Library
   System and a Plan for Its Development . CNRI, 1895 Preston White
   Drive, Suite 100, Reston, VA 22091 Tech Report (March, 1988).
   9. Karlgren, J. Newsgroup Clustering Based on User Behavior-- A
   Recommendation Algebra . Swedish Institute of Computer Science
    (March, 1994).
   10. Kawell, L.J., Beckhardt, S., Halvorsen, T. and Ozzie, R.
   Replicated Document Management in a Group Communication System. In
   Proceedings of CSCW 88 (1988, New York: ACM).
   11. Kumon, S. From Wealth to Wisdom: A Change in the Social Paradigm.
   In Proceedings of CSCW 92 (1992, New York: ACM), pp. 3.
   12. Maes, P. and Kozierok, R. Learning Interface Agents. In
   Proceedings of AAAI 93 (1993, San Mateo, CA: American Association
   for Artifical Intelligence).
   13. Malone, T.W., Grant, K.R., Turbak, F.A., Brobst, S.A. and Cohen,
   M.D. Intelligent Information Sharing Systems. Communications of the
   ACM, 30, 5 (1987), pp. 390-402.
   14. Maltz, D.A. Distributing Information for Collaborative Filtering
   on Usenet Net News . MIT Department of EECS MS Thesis (May, 1994).
   15. Pindyck, R.S. and Rubinfeld, D.L. Econometric Models and Economic
   Forecasts. MacGraw-Hill, New York, 1991.
   16. Salton, G. and Buckley, C. Term-Weighting Approaches in Automatic
   Text Retrieval. Information Processing and Management, 24, 5 (1988),
   pp. 513-523.
   17. Salton, G. and Buckley, C. Improving Retrieval Performance by
   Relevance Feedback. Journal of the American Society for Information
   Science, 41, 4 (1990), pp. 288-297.
   18. Sheth, B. A Learning Approach to Personalized Information
   Filtering . MIT Department of EECS MS Thesis (February, 1994).
   19. Stodolsky, D.S. Invitational Journals Based Upon Peer Consensus .
   Roskilde University Centre, Institute of Geography, Socioeconomic
   Analysis, and Computer Science. ISSN 0109-9779-29  29/ 1990 (,
   1990).
   20. Suchak, M.A. GoodNews: A Collaborative Filter for Network News .
   MIT Department of EECS MS Thesis (February, 1994).
   21. Wiederhold, G. Mediators in the Architecture of Future Information
   Systems. IEEE Computer, March, (1992), pp. 38-49.

@_date: 1995-07-29 15:53:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Phillip Elmer Dewitt: "I screwed up" 
there's an interesting debate going on over in alt.internet.media-coverage.
Phillip Elmer Dewitt has been posting a bit on his role in the "Rimm job".
Up until about now he has been very evasive, in denial, and seemingly
deflecting criticism and playing "spin doctor" with his article. however, IMHO a breakthrough just happened where below he apologizes, although not for anything specific. some on the
newsgroup are pressuring him to (1) run a new time story (2) issue
some kind of retraction or advice to other journalists based on what
he learned from the affair.
I would suggest emailing him and trying to be conciliatory (don't
flame his eyebrows off), but at the same time asking him to write something substantial about
his experience that can either be circulated on the internet or
in some other magazine. his experience in the affair, given in
simple bullet-list form, would be immensely valuable to other
reporters and could help "head off at the pass" (press?) many future internet-trashing articles. this is a very invaluable opportunity
for cpunks to not merely whine and rant, but to try to influence
the future in a positive way through your input.
also in the newsgroup is an article in which he describes how
1) he had several indications the article made "suspicious" claims
from people, including Mike Godwin of EFF, who he talked to on the phone
about twice or so. he also noticed that it made unsupportable claims,
even the one on the cover that tried to generalize the BBS info
to the Internet realm.
2) he was suspicious of Rimm at a point, particularly after Rimm
refused to elaborate on his background, and called his advisor
and Rimm personally, and Rimm assured him that "nothing in
his background would embarrass him or Time." apparently DeWitt
also had heard about the "casino study".
------- Forwarded Message
Newsgroups: alt.internet.media-coverage,alt.culture.internet,alt.culture.usenet
Good advice. I don't know how else to say it, so I'll just repeat what I've said
before. I screwed up. The cover story was my idea, I pushed for it, and it
ran pretty much the way I wrote it. It was my mistake, and my mistake
alone. I do hope other reporters will learn from it. I know I have.
I've also tried to explain how it happened, not to rationalize my
mistakes, but to answer specific questions. I didn't want to seem
unresponsive, and I generally don't mind a little embarassment. But I
think you are right; answering those questions in this forum is only
creating more bad will. If people are genuinely curious about how the
Cyberporn debacle came to be, I will reply to queries in e-mail.

@_date: 1995-08-01 20:36:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: anonymity review in law journal 
Hi everyone, someone tipped me off to a law review article by Anne Branscomb entitled Anonymity, Autonomy, and Accountability: Challenges to the First Amendment in Cyberspaces  104 Yale L F 1639.
I have not seen this myself or noticed it mentioned here
but it might be an interesting read for anyone
who has access to it, and useful as a footnote in someone's paper, web filling, pointer for reporters, fish wrapping, or
bird cage lining. (as Alfred E. Neuman might note)
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html

@_date: 1995-08-01 20:51:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "The Future does not Compute" 
I am reading "the Future does not Compute" by Stephen L. Talbott.
I wonder if anyone else has gotten into this. Its a fairly interesting
read that is some of the typical trendy reactionism against the utopianism of various visionaires promoting cyberspace and
the bit revolution. Talbott however seems to be awfully vague in his criticisms.
They seem to amount to, "I'm not sure what the net is missing,
but it lacks something crucial that is  the essence of our humanity".
It reminds me of the various criticisms against AI by Penrose
and Searle, "the technology fundamentally lacks, and will continue
to lack, that inexpressible something that makes us human which
is impossible to define or characterize."
One quote drew my attention. He quoted an anonymous participant
on an "irvc-l" discussion list:
 While I'm not forecasting Utopia, I think networks of the future
 will be the most incredibly egalitarian technology ever invented.
 It will transform our entire societies. Imagine that homeless people
 or single parent children can "interconnect" with anybody who
 is willing to talk to them in the *world*. The possibilities are rather
 dazzling. Sure, there might be even cyberspatial outcasts, but the point
 is that we will be doing *at least* as well as we are now, which is not
 something to "write home" about.
The writing seems vaguely familiar, yet I can't quit pin it down. I
think I might have been on that list in the time period, and I am trying to figure out the authorship. (And am a bit annoyed at Talbott for not giving proper credit.) Surely one of the visionaires like Gilmore, Barlow, Rotenberg, or somesuch. Its an interesting theme; I think it may have been
the same author who said, quoted by Talbott, "the net is fundamentally
democratizing and leveling." If anyone recognizes that quote, maybe
drop me a line. Talbott uses this theme of whether "the Net is
inherently democratizing and leveling" as a counterpoint thought
to the chapter, even at times the whole book.
I am inclined to agree with Talbott in general, by the way, and I think the quotes are overstated. In my opinion networks are like all other
technologies: they bring out the best and worst in human beings,
beyond what was known previously. In this way technology is like
a magnifying glass on our virtues and vices. We may find the
things that work about our society magnified, but at the same
time our failings become expanded and exacerbated as well.
That is what I like about great technology. It is not necessarily an ends in itself, but a way of learning about the essence of our human
psychology. It forces us to confront what we find uplifting
and what we find despicable, and removes the possibility of
It seems to me that networks are inherently democratic in
a society that craves democracy, but I don't really believe
that there is fundamentally something egalitarian or democratic
about certain kinds of technology. Actually, I think that
is true in general if *everyone* is given access to the techology,
but the problem is that some governments can use the technology
for themselves as a powerful instrument of control by the elites
over the downtrodden.
To me Talbott has a very good point, that we should be thoughtful
in the creation of new technology, and examine our axioms as
to whether we can even achieve what we are attempting to derive from it in the long run.
The Thoreauian  quote, "men have become the tools
of their tools" comes to mind repeatedly when I read Talbott.
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html

@_date: 1995-08-08 11:43:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: internet reporter's guide 
a charming tongue-in-cheek "reporter's guide to the internet". pass along to your favorite clueless reporter writing
about the information superduperhighway. don't recall seeing
it posted here, but was written by a past cypherpunk contributer...
Gutmann is also acknowledged by PRZ as putting in major amounts
of work into PGP..
------- Forwarded Message
Newsgroups: alt.censorship,alt.internet.media-coverage,comp.org.eff.talk
[The following was originally posted to the nz.general newsgroup in mid-June.
 Two papers/magazines expressed vague interest in publishing it, but I haven't
 heard from them since, for reasons which may become obvious when you read
 this.  If anyone wants to publish this anywhere (Time Magazine, for example
 :-), feel free to do so.  One NZ-specific thing you may need to know is that
 Trevor "I don't give a shit about your network" Rogers is our version of
 Senator Exon who predates Exon by about 6 months and is considerably more
 clueless (and foul-mouthed) than Exon.  You can find some of his more
 notorious quotes in the EFF quote collection]
                               THE INTERNET
                 A short guide for reporters and journalists
Recently there have been a lot of reports about a generally insignificant
aspect of the Internet, namely the availability of erotica and other
information via computer.  The reason for this is quite obvious - this is one
of the hottest news topics currently available.  People get upset, tempers
fray, and Trevor Rogers gets to have his face in the paper again.  In short,
stories about the evil Internet are "in".
This document is intended as a guide for those who would like to join the ranks
of the other reporters and journalists who have been so successful in the past
when reporting about the Internet.  It is intended to save you the hassle of
having to reinvent the wheel when you prepare your report, and to familiarise
you with certain conventions which need to be followed when reporting on
anything to do with the net.  You'll be amazed at how simple it is.
WHY REPORTING ABOUT THE INTERNET IS USEFUL
The Internet provides fascinating subject material for reporters.  There's no
need to perform any research, you get to cover a "hot topic", and the message
is so simple that even politicians can understand it (or at least know how to
make political gain from it).
- - THE MESSAGE
  All successful stories on the Internet are based on the following fact:
    The Internet is a piece of high-technology whose single goal is to get porn
    and bomb recipes into the hands of children.
  Don't worry about the details.  As will shortly be shown, you may have to
  adapt this message slightly for your target audience.  However, since your
  average reader won't really know the difference between the Internet, a
  dialup BBS, and a standalone computer, you don't need to go to any special
  effort to distinguish between these very different technologies.  Generalise.
  If something applies to one area, it applies to all areas, whether that's
  physically possible or not.  The message is the same, and provided people
  read/watch/listen to it, you know you've done your job.
- - PORN
  Even while you were still at journalism school, you learned that sex sells.
  You also know that sex itself doesn't sell, but stories about "comsumers" of
  sexual material do.  This also provides you with an excuse to show pictures
  of naked women (purely to document what's available, of course) and yet still
  hold the moral high ground.
  The Internet, like all communications networks, was designed solely to
  communicate pornographic images.  Of course, the average user has absolutely
  no idea how to do this, or how to perform the complex decoding and image
  manipulation necessary to view these images.  As a reporter, it is your duty
  to inform the public on how this is done.  Our moral guardians will be
  appalled at how easily you can get access to the information, anyone with a
  computer will be busy trying to duplicate your feat, and everyone else will
  be too busy staring at the pictures to do anything else.
  Make porn the main theme of your story.  If you're doing a story on the
  Usenet, pick something with the name "sex" in it (even if it's a sexual abuse
  counselling service - if it has "sex" in the name it's got to be bad), and
  concentrate exclusively on that.  Ignore the fact that there are over 11,000
  other interest areas available on the Usenet.  Don't even waste your time
  with them - all people ever talk about there is books, films, art, hobbies,
  cars, health, politics, financial issues, current events, religion,
  literature, and so on.  Who on earth would read a story about that?
  Concentrate only on the stuff which pulls in the readers/viewers.
  Concentrate on porn.
- - HIGH TECH
  Virtually any journalist will know that the majority of the population are
  somewhat technophobic.  If you want to hold the readers attention, you can't
  go wrong when you use this fact to your advantage.  Let's take a simple
  example:
    An American, a Japanese, and a New Zealander have a new technology
    explained to them.  The American says "Great, we can use this to hold the
    evil Commies in check.  I wonder if we can use it as a special effect in
    the latest Schwarzenegger film?".  The Japanese says "Interesting.  We can
    make a killing from this.  I wonder how we can make it smaller and easier
    to use".  The New Zealander says "Appalling.  This will destroy
    civilization.  How can we ban it?".
  As a journalist, all you need to do is follow this basic premise - that all
  new technology is evil and dangerous - and you just can't go wrong.  To
  support your claims, pick a group of self-proclaimed experts and consult them
  frequently.  The right educational counsellors ("Only natural wooden toys
  will stop your child becoming an axe murderer"), the right psychologists
  ("The constant contact with technology leads to an inner loneliness.
  Therefore the current generations lack of communications skills is solely due
  to the invention of the telephone"), and law enforcement people ("We have no
  idea who did it, or why, or how, or when, but we do know that they got the
  information off the Internet").  Remember that *you* don't actually need to
  understand what it is you're reporting, because most of your audience won't
  either.  As long as they buy the paper or watch the program, you'll know
  you've done your job.
  The most important point, however, is that, due to the thorough work of your
  colleagues, the reader/viewer already has certain expectations for any story
  about the net.  Whenever they hear the word "Internet", they immediately know
  what the coverage will be on: the dangers of computers, porn, pedophiles, and
  bomb recipes.  Even if they remember nothing else, the viewers will know that
  porn was involved.  Whenever any story about the internet is published or
  broadcast, the viewers wil automatically expect it to be about porn, which
  makes your job so much easier.
HOW TO DO A REPORT ON THE NET, ARRANGED BY TARGET AUDIENCE
Journalists are like fishermen, they select the appropriate bait depending on
the intended prey.  Although the usual collection of porn, pedophiles, and
other paraphernalia without which no report on the net can be complete provide
a wide foundation for virtually any kind of story you care to dream up, you can
give your report that final polish by specifically targeting a particular
group.  For example:
If you're writing for a right-wing audience:
  Your readers/viewers will dislike the net anyway - just look at the people
  using it, these long-haired hippie wierdos, dole bludgers and students,
  should all go out and get a real job or something.  You don't really need to
  cover this area too deeply.  The best way to get your audience hooked is to
  tell them about the horrible perversions they can run into on the net.  Just
  think, the person you're exchanging mail with could actually be a *screaming
  bender*, and you wouldn't even know about it!  There are actually areas of
  the net where gay people can meet, and talk.  Your audience *must* be
  informed of this dangerous technology.  Your message is therefore:
    The Internet is a piece of high-technology whose single goal is to allow
    perverted gays and lesbians to get to your children.
  Once your readers realise that it's possible for gays and lesbians to use the
  net just like everyone else, and that they can talk about virtually anything
  (my God, I mean, *anything*) then you know your article has been a success.
If you're writing for a left-wing audience:
  As with a right-wing audience, you have an advantage here that your left-wing
  readers/viewers will be suspicious of the net because the government is
  involved with it.  The internet is simply a bridgehead for a nationwide
  police database, identity cards, and the spectre of Big Brother.  Although it
  can be hard to introduce the usual morals panic into a story on general
  technophobia, we're sure you can do it.  Your general message is therefore:
    The Internet is a piece of high-technology whose single goal is to allow
    the government to set up a Big Brother-like nationwide computerised
    monitoring system
If you're writing for a radical feminist audience:
  This, along with the nations moral guardians, is your ideal target audience.
  The internet is run mostly by men and in the past has been used mostly by
  men.  The mere existence of the evil internet is therefore solely the fault
  of all males.  Your message is therefore:
    The Internet is a piece of high-technology whose single goal is to allow
    the emotionally crippled male gender to communicate pictures of their
    female victims and therefore increase the incidence of sexual abuse and
    rape.
  Remember that certain ideologies of the radical feminist movement have to be
  brought up in each story.  These are:
  - The goal of all male-dominated technology is the oppression of womyn.  All
    technology, even if it's not obvious how, is created to oppress womyn.
  - Pornography is the theory, rape is the practice.  Any man who sees even a
    glimpse of bare flesh is instantly converted into a rapist.
  - Womyn never look at any porn, not even at pictures of naked men, and never
    produce porn for other women to consume.  Every counterexample to this
    claim is either invented or the product of male brainwashing.
  Try and find a number of womyn to support your views.  Interview lots of
  sexual abuse victims, even if there's no connection whatsoever to the
  Internet, because graphic abuse stories are a great way to arouse sympathy
  for your cause, as has been ably demonstrated in US Senate hearings.  If you
  ever even show a man as part of your story, find some pimply, greasy-haired,
  low-IQ type whose most intelligent comment is a Beavis-and-Butthead-like "Huh
  huh huh".
If you're writing for the "moral majority":
  This is the perfect target audience.  Your viewers/readers will be
  conservative, right-wing, and won't understand the technological and social
  issues involved.  Tell them anything.  Since you control the media, noone
  will ever correct you (except perhaps a few long-haired hippies calling
  talkback shows, but who listens to talkback anyway?).  If a 15-year-old runs
  away from home, they've been kidnapped by an internet pedophile ring.  Every
  time you turn on your computer, snuff movies appear on the screen.  A shadowy
  gang of spies is hiding US nuclear weapons secrets inside dirty pictures and
  sending them to the middle east.  There are more pedophiles on the net in the
  US than the population of some countries.  The middle east has an appalling
  pedophiles-on-the-net problem, even though there is no Internet in the middle
  east.  All these stories, and more, have already been run by your colleagues
  in and outside the country, or have been reported by politicians.  If people
  will swallow this, they'll swallow anything.  Although you have a pretty much
  blank slate on which to vent your creativity, extensive research has shown
  that you get the best results if you make your message more or less:
    The Internet is a piece of high-technology whose single goal is to allow
    every imaginable form of depravity and filth into every home in New
    Zealand.
As with any story, there are a few traps you have to be careful to avoid.
- - Never let the reader know what else is available on the net.  You make your
  living from the fact that you feed information to people.  If these people
  find out that they can get the same information faster, easier, and much more
  cheaply, off the net, you'll lose your monopoly, and, sooner or later, your
  job.  By manipulating your reader's emotions (shock, disbelief, loathing),
  you can make sure that few people will ever see the full richness of the
  information available on the net, and ensure that they keep coming to you for
  information.
- - Never mention the fact that virtually everybody who is anybody is on the net.
  If people find out that things like Time Magazine, MTV, the New York Stock
  Exchange, and Winona Ryder are all directly accessible via the net, their
  image of the internet will be shattered.
- - Never mention the fact that there are no commercials and no censorship on the
  net.  Your sponsors are hard at work turning peoples TV watching and
  newspaper reading into an almost coninuous stream of commercials.  If people
  found out that they can sit on the internet for 15 hours at a time without
  seeing a single ad for womens sanitary products, your TV station (and
  therefore your job) is in trouble.
IRRELEVANT TOPICS
There are certain topics you should never touch on in your reporting.  These
- - Technology.  Noone cares about this.  Your audience doesn't want to know
  about the technology, otherwise they'd have to actually think about the
  issues involved.  And anyway, when did you become an engineer or sociologist?
  The best reports on the internet are filed by reporters who refuse to even
  use a computer and have no idea what the internet is, since they're the ones
  least likely to be hampered by any facts.
- - Education.  Never mention the fact that studies have shown that
  children who use the internet spend less time in front of the TV, do better
  at school, have better writing skills, and are much more likely to get a job
  in the future.  Scare them away from the internet.  We've got a welfare
  state, they'll be looked after in some way.  Besides, you'll be able to do
  more stories on future street kids that way.
- - Useful applications of the internet.  If you find out that the President of
  the United States is on the internet, don't even think about suggesting the
  Prime Minister does the same.  Politics and computers just don't mix, as has
  been shown repeatedly by one ex-National Party politician.  Even if the
  President talks to his staff via email, and they all run around with laptops,
  that's just an American fad.  New Zealanders don't need that sort of thing.
- - Other media.  Always call it "the Internet", whether what you're reporting on
  occurred on the internet, a private network, a standalone computer, or in
  your imagination.  If necessary, edit the pictures you show to support your
  story.  When people hear a computer horror story, they expect it to be about
  the internet, not based on something you saw last night on X-Files.
FOR YOUR SAFETY
As a reporter, you've become accustomed to having your say while everyone else
listens.  On the internet, this is very different.  When one of your
masterpieces of creative reporting is published or broadcast, a potential
audience of thirty million people will pick it to pieces.  With a single story,
you can alienate fifty, a hundred thousand members of your audience in one
stroke.  Never use the internet yourself, or publish any form of email address.
You're not paid to handle feedback, only to write stories.  Heavens, if you
listened to people correcting your story, you might actually have to report the
Therefore, write whatever you want, but never give your readers a chance to
reply.  By the time NZ Post has finally delivered their mail to you, you'll
already be halfway through your next report on baby-eating pedophiles on the
net, and can safely ignore any feedback from the previous one.
A LAST PLEA TO JOURNALISTS
Horror stories about the internet have already helped hundreds of your
colleagues through dry spells in the flow of news.  Make sure you preserve this
valuable resource for future generations of journalists.  Don't report more
than you need to.  A short, zero-content missive in which you mention the word
"pedophiles" in every second sentence is fine, as has been ably demonstrated by
Trevor Rogers.  The internet is a wonderful source of stories for any
journalist or reporter who has a deadline in a few hours and nothing else they
can report on.  You can report virtually anything without needing to do any
research or acquire any background information.  Therefore the *real* purpose
of the internet can finally be revealed:
    The Internet is a piece of high-technology whose single goal is to allow
    reporters, at the expense of the truth, to grab the headlines for a day or
    two with an absolutely minimal investment in time and effort.
We hope to have made your job as a reporter easier through this simple guide.
Good luck, and remember, as long as you use the magic words "pedophile",
"porn", and "protecting the children" as often as possible, you can get away
with anything.
                                    --------
Written 15/6/95 Peter Gutmann, from an original by Scot Stevenson.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1995-08-08 12:24:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: *hot* Foster news 
various "conspiracy theories" have been circulating connecting
Foster to the NSA, although there doesn't seem to be any substantial, verifiable connections-- UNTIL NOW. below
the amazing british reporter Evans-Pritchard, who has broken much of the Foster information, states that Deborah Gorham, Foster's executive assistant, gave testimony that  he was handling NSA documents near
the time of death!!! (Evans-Pritchard was quoted a few
weeks ago of being "skeptical" of the more extreme
Foster-NSA theories, although he has pointed out the
many inconsistencies associated with the Foster
this Foster thing continues to gain steam.. apparently
Newt Gingrich has hired an independent investigator...
frankly, I think we are seeing the beginning of the
end of the Clinton administration... or perhaps even
the Presidency as we know it...
BTW, a hot Foster URL with all the extreme theories/releases
 is
the most amazing stuff on this page claims some publishers
were attempted to be *bribed* in not releasing Foster info/stories..
------- Forwarded Message
Secret service link in death of Clinton aide
By Ambrose Evans-Pritchard in Washington
VINCE Foster was handling top-secret intelligence files at the White House before his violent death
in July 1993, according to sworn testimony given to the Senate Banking Deborah Gorham, Foster's executive assistant, gave a dramatic new twist to the widening
Whitewater investigation into the financial affairs of Hillary and Bill Clinton. Gorham told Senate
lawyers that Foster, Deputy White House Counsel and an intimate friend of the Clintons, stored
documents from the National Security Agency in a safe next door in the office of his boss. The Telegraph has obtained a full copy of Gorham's deposition, which was taken behind closed
doors on June 26 and never been released to the press.
She testified that Foster handed her the files for safe storage in March or April of 1993. Asked
what the documents looked like, she replied: "There were two one-inch ring binders that were from
the National Security Agency."
She referred to the NSA files with precision three times in her testimony. The Senate investigators,
however, did not seem interested in this surprising disclosure and moved on quickly to other
matters. When Gorham appeared as a witness in televised hearings last Tuesday, the subject never
came up.
The National Security Agency is a legendary arm of US intelligence. It is controlled by the Defence
Department and has a far larger budget than the CIA. Its chief function is to collect intelligence
from satellites and by eavesdropping on telephones and computer traffic all over the world.
Foster's job as Deputy White House Counsel was to handle legal matters concerning the institution
of the presidency. While his office might handle classified documents from the FBI or other law
enforcement agencies from time to time, it would be highly unusual for him to get mixed up in the
foreign espionage activities of the ultra-secret NSA.
Gorman said that these two files were the only ones Foster ever handed to her for storage in the
safe. She also testified, however, that Foster kept a file on the Waco disaster locked in a cabinet in
his office, which may belie White House claims that Foster never played a significant role in the
storming of the Branch Davidian stronghold by the FBI.
There is no proof that Foster ever had any dealings with the NSA
There is no proof that Foster ever had any dealings with the NSA, or any other branch of US
intelligence. But allegations have been flying on the Internet computer superhighway and in
political newsletters on both the Left and the Right over the past few weeks claiming that he was an
NSA operative during the 1980s. It is alleged that he took care of legal matters for a computer
company in Arkansas that installed "bugged" software on behalf of US intelligence in commercial
and central banks all over the world.
At the time, Foster was head of litigation at the Rose Law Firm in Little Rock, Arkansas. It has
never been established that he did, in fact, do work for this computer company. But his partner,
Hillary Rodham Clinton, was the attorney of record on two known occasions, once in 1978 and
then again in April 1986 (during the term of Bill Clinton's Governorship) when a federal court
clerk inadvertently revealed her role in a case by releasing details of a sealed law suit.
The staff of the Independent Counsel investigating Whitewater has been asking some questions
about this subterranean software nexus after receiving a letter from Elliot Richardson, the former
US Attorney-General. Richardson, who has followed the affair closely, has suggested that it might
be linked in some way to the death of Foster. Jim Leach, the Chairman of the House Banking
Committee, has also been looking into the computer mysteries in preparation for his own
congressional hearings into Whitewater, this week.
In a parallel development, The Telegraph has learned that the House Judiciary Committee is
beginning to prepare for possible hearings into gun-running and drug-smuggling in Arkansas.
Terry Reed, a former Air Force intelligence operative, has been asked if he is willing to testify
about his experiences in a covert operation based at the Mena airport in the mid-1980s.
I want to know whether they're for real this time, or whether it's just another of
their political pillow fights"
After watching the charade of Republican hearings into Waco and Whitewater over the past three
weeks, Reed has mixed feelings about this prospect. "I want to know whether they're for real this
time, or whether it's just another of their political pillow fights," he He is the plaintiff in a civil-rights suit that is cracking open the great Arkansas scandal quite
effectively through the power of legal "discovery". Last month, he took sworn testimony from a
secretary at the Criminal Intelligence Division of the Arkansas State Police who said that she helped
shred sensitive documents revealing the involvement of Bill Clinton's Arkansas in the Contra
support operation run by Lt Col Oliver North.
In another deposition, L. D. Brown, the Arkansas State Trooper, has now repeated under oath the
allegations published in the August edition of the American Spectator magazine. He said he was
recruited by the CIA in 1984 - with the encouragement of Governor Clinton - and flew on two
missions to Central America to deliver M-16 rifles to the Nicaraguan On one of the return trips, he discovered the aircraft was carrying cocaine into Arkansas. He
confronted Clinton, but was told not to worry. "That's Lasater's deal," said the Governor,
referring to Dan Lasater, a business tycoon and political supporter who was later convicted on
federal cocaine charges.
Over dinner at the Cosmos Club in Washington last week, Trooper Brown said that his old friend
Bill Clinton was complicit in a major drug-smuggling operation. That, he said, is something that
cannot be forgiven.

@_date: 1995-08-10 19:56:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: PRZ encrypted voice software release imminent 
as if PRZ is not already enough of a folk hero....
BTW, he has been beat by Nautilus, right? Nautilus
is public domain, right? (I'm thinking of that public
domain voice encryption released a few mos ago).
I wonder if he is going to try to put a "spin" on this
one to differentiate it from the other one. on the other hand, just having his name on it is plenty of
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1995-08-11 11:01:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: PRZ encrypted voice software release imminent 
I sincerely doubt this. if someone could find a way of doing voice encryption through simple idiotproof hardware adapters
(I am thinking of cups that you could attach to any standard phone)
the voice encryption will not be widely used, I think.
there are very many PGP users right now, say at least in the
tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands. the requirements for live voice encryption are pretty significant:
a fast computer and fast modem. this alone is only a subset
of those people using PGP right now. also, I doubt there are
going to be few people who use PGP phone but not PGP software.
the real holy grail for voice communication encryption is
when this stuff starts to get integrated into the real phone system, or people start making hardware that is
cheap and self contained and idiot proof. "but it's difficult
to make anything foolproof, because fools are so ingenious" the actual phone networks, because of political pressure, certainly are probably going to be the last entities on earth to use hardware that makes encryption built in.
(well, assuming they don't get all that cash from the government to built in key escrow). what I think would be cool, and I'm sure everyone here would
agree, is a "back door" way to encryption. one example:
it used to be that slip providers were charging a lot of
money. then the authors of TIA (Internet Adaptor) discovered
they could simulate SLIP over a unix shell account without
a significant performance penalty (i.e. it was possible).
voila!! slip for everyone, *regardless* of what the provider
wants or tries to manage. then, someone did this for
*free* in public domain SLiRP software.
this is an extremely useful model: "big fish provider" gives
a capability that people want, namely processing time and
disk space. they think they can regulate the uses of their
system, but if there is enough degrees of freedom, they cannot, and people can actually simulate the services they
want on the system regardless of what the system operators
wish to control or not control.
with the phone system, the analogy is that the communication
networks are providing bandwidth, and while they would like
to control things like voice vs. data vs. encryption, they
*cannot* if their capabilities are suitably diverse (and
it is virtually impossible for them *not* to be).
when someone invents cheap hardware that you can just plug
on top of any existing phone, i.e. "the phone adaptor", TPA?,
*that's* when the world is going to go crazy with crypto.
all this stuff that requires lots of hardware can be used,
but the thing that will cause *everyone* to use it is when
someone invents a TPA. I'm very, very surprised that no one has tried to do this yet.
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html

@_date: 1995-08-11 13:47:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Purple Boxes 
hey, how about this: remember all the plans for "blue boxes"
etc. that got circulated all over the place during the 70's?
I propose creating the schematics for a "Purple box". the
box would have, dangling, those little rubber cups that can fit over
phone receivers, like on the modems.
it would be called the "purple box" because I have not heard
of any other devices called "purple boxes" (i.e. this string
in the "colorful" hacker namespace does not seem to be used up yet)
and also the famous WWII compromised japanese diplomatic codes were called Purple.
the way it would work is that both the caller and callee would
have to agree to use the purple box. they would say "purple"
over the phone after they called up and then both hook up their
little gizmos.
the neat thing about this is that if it catches on, people
would end up buying and selling them and improving them.
actually, as I recall a long time ago someone proposed on this
list doing something very similar except using the devices
as a kind of "kids toy" that would introduce children to
encryption. it would allow them to talk through the device
like a bullhorn, and the receiver would hear gobbledygook
unless they had a decoder next to their ear. now I am
serious, this could be a *really* fun toy for kids. you know
how they love to keep secrets and play around with the idea
of communicating among their friends amidst their enemies.
someone who has an entrepreneurial nose, I bet you could
create a *hot*fad* out of this, and sell perhaps a fraction
as fast as Pogs!!! (you'd be a zillionaire at even 1% the
one of the problems is that serious crypto chips are pretty
expensive. but an analog scrambler would actually be a decent
start on all this, and I bet it could be built pretty cheaply.
I volunteer to find a place to *archive* (webify) any of the plans that
people write up and successfully test, including GIFs or whatever.
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html

@_date: 1995-08-12 19:54:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: some points on weak codes 
various points have been made about the undesirability
of weak voice scrambling mechanisms.
I'd like to advance the position that the use of trivially-broken codes is better than no codes at all, as long as the owner is
aware of the distinction.
one of the goals of cypherpunks is not necessarily to get a secure world (that is a *long* term goal), but to get a world
in which people are aware of the issues that cypherpunks are
interested in. Encryption, privacy, etc. now, along these lines, even a widespread trivially broken code penetration would be better than none at all.
this is a similar concept to that advocated by someone else
on this list, namely PRZ's manual that talks about how
you shouldn't use PGP on a shared system, and how you should
only exchange keys in person, as being a little to extreme
for the common man, for whom insecure crypto, along with
the *understanding* that it is not totally secure.
I think everyone here agrees on long term goals of widespread
encryption penetration. but one way to bridge that gap is to
just have "toy crypto". I see this deroated frequently on
the list but it is probably a very, very valuable public
relations mechanism. I mean, it's hard to imagine that in politics that distributing
little plastic symbols called "buttons" would have any social effect,
yet it has persisted since the invention of buttons.
things like a cheap "purple" kit, promoted by the cypherpunks, not
foolproof but easy to build and cheap to buy, would advance the
agenda in the long run in a very valuable way.
what we need to do is give people a variety of options to the
interested public laypeople, just like Ford and that anecdote demonstrates. are we saying, "you can have any crypto that you want, as long as the NSA can't break it in 1000 years"? that's the equivalent of saying, "you can have any car you want, as long as its black". we must resist the
illusion that there are only 2 kinds of crypto: insecure or secure.
there is a continuum of crypto, and casual users should not have
to worry about the capabilities of the NSA. IMHO we are sabotaging
our main goals, launching into a deep discussion of the NSA's
supercomputers and the theory of numbers whenever a newbie asks about what is available.
again, weak crypto is probably better than no crypto in most cases,
just because it helps improve public awareness. people can't even
comprehend the idea of what is "weak" or what is "strong" until
they even have a mental framework of what they are dealing with.
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html

@_date: 1995-08-17 14:04:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: new o'reilly security book 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                    August 15, 1995                                   TO REQUEST A REVIEW COPY, CONTACT: Sara Winge                             O'REILLY RELEASES HANDBOOK ON FIGHTING COMPUTER CRIME
SEBASTOPOL, CA--"Computer Crime: A Crimefighter's Handbook" is a
resource for anyone who needs to know what today's computer crimes look
like, how to prevent them, and how to detect, investigate, and
prosecute them if they do occur.  It contains basic computer security
information as well as extensive guidelines for investigators, law
enforcement, managers, and computer system administrators. The book has
been reviewed by representatives of the U.S. Secret Service, the
Department of Justice, local police departments, district attorney's
offices, and law enforcement abroad.
"Computer Crime" describes the varieties of computer crimes and
profiles the computer criminal, using techniques developed for the FBI
and other law enforcement agencies. It outlines the vulnerabilities of
computer systems and discusses personnel, operational, physical, and
communications measures that can be taken to prevent computer crimes.
In addition, it contains a thorough treatment of effective methods for
investigating and prosecuting computer crimes, ranging from the
supplies needed for criminal investigation, to the detection and audit
tools used in investigation, to the presentation of evidence to a
                          # # # Computer Crime: A Crimefighter's Handbook By David Icove, Karl Seger & William VonStorch, with Consulting Editor
Eugene H. Spafford 1st Edition August 1995 464 pages, ISBN:  1-56592-086-4, $24.95

@_date: 1995-08-17 14:06:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: nontoxic neuron interface built 
for all of you eagerly awaiting the day you can literally "jack in"
to cyberspace..
------- Forwarded Message
- - ----------
X-MsXMTID: red-14-msg950816203742MTP[01.00.00]0000009e-34570
The following item is taken from:
- - --------------------
PHYSICS NEWS UPDATE
The American Institute of Physics Bulletin of Physics News
Number 236: August 7, 1995 by Phillip F. Schewe and Ben Stein
A SILICON DEVICE FOR TRIGGERING ELECTRICAL ACTIVITY IN A NERVE CELL
has been constructed, opening possibilities for two-way, non-toxic
communication between computer chips and nerve cells. Previous
devices for stimulating nerve cells were metallic devices generating
ordinary electric currents. Not only do such devices have
corrosion-prone electrodes, but their currents create
electrochemical byproducts and heat that could damage the nerve
cells and themselves. The silicon device, constructed by
researchers at the Max Planck Institute for Biochemistry in
Germany, contains a "stimulation spot" that triggers neural
activity simply through the rearrangement of electric charge.
Insulated by silicon oxide, the stimulation spot has a size
(between 10 and 50 microns) matched to that of a leech nerve
cell to which it is connected. A voltage pulse applied to the
spot rearranges electric charge on the silicon oxide film and
the insulating membrane of the nerve cell, creating a buildup
of positive charge in the nerve cell which causes it to fire
above a certain threshold. The silicon device is capable of
triggering a single nerve cell without affecting other nearby
neurons. The device complements the previously designed "neuron
transistor," which receives ionic signals from nerve cells
and transcribes them to electronic signals in silicon. "These
two devices join the two worlds of information processing, the
silicon world of the computer and the water-world of the brain,"
says the Max Planck Institute's Peter Fromherz
(fromherz Developing this device for
biomedical applications, such as computer-controlled artificial
limbs, is not envisioned at the present moment, as researchers
will first need to build and understand devices that interact
with connective tissue and other non-neuronal cells in the body.
(Peter Fromherz and Alfred Stett, upcoming article in Physical
Review Letters; text and figures are available from AIP Public
Information, 301-209-3091, physnews

@_date: 1995-08-18 22:47:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: NSA into antigravity? 
this apparently involves credible researchers, and it's something that would be pretty bizarre if the NSA is really implicated..
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1995-08-29 12:42:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SSL keyspace etc. 
regarding SSL challenge, I am not following this close enough to understand completely, but I thought I would offer a few suggestions
for tweaking the code:
the issue of grabbing keyspace has been raised. what if someone
malicious just yanked huge areas of keyspace and didn't search them?
it seems that the clients need to return to the server some evidence
that they have searched their keyspace in question. the server could
verify this evidence. for those that don't return the "evidence", that
keyspace could be reallocated to other comers.
the simple approach to all this, if you don't have "evidence", is to just have the server keep reallocating the same space over and over
to different crackers. hopefully eventually every part of the keyspace
would be allocated to a "legitimate" worker.
the issue of efficiency is very fascinating for this project. essentially
the server has no idea what the block size of key blocks it should dole
out. obviously the server would want to try to dole out equal *processing
chunks* such that the remote machine reports back in a certain amount
of time, no matter what architecture. the problem of course is that remote
machines all have different efficiency.
two possibilities: a sort of "bogomip" calculation is done in the client,
and its processor speed is reported to the server. the server uses
this in a calculation to determine how much to dole out. it could try to derive a best fit linear relationship between space covered and
processor spead, or build up a table of results and interpolate for
new requests.
note that the efficiency issue also ties into "what if people take
keys they don't solve". if the server knows roughly how long a client
should take to report back, and it never reports back, it could then
reallocate that key space.
another problem of efficiency is that the server is clearly a bottleneck
for servicing requests. the question arises: suppose that the server
could determine the precise interval between which machines would
go back to it for new keys. what is the optimum interval over the
whole project? in other words, give the number of machines participating,
and their processor speeds, what size of key space should be parceled
out to the next request so that the bottleneck at the server is
minimized? this optimum interval must be very hard to derive, because
it depends on the contention based on many incoming connections. it
would involve some probabilistic approximations of the likelihood
of collisions. to model it, you might consider a request as taking [n] seconds of
time, and consider that if any two requests are in contention, a retry happens after [m] seconds. you could build up models that
would try to minimize the time based on empirical simulations. however I would be exceedingly impressed if someone could derive
a formula for this, or give it from some textbook. adaptive algorithms for all these situations are possible. the server
could use a "hypothesis" in the sense of partitioning out a starting
size of keyspace, and then watch how long it took the client machine to respond,
and then assume a linear relationship or something to compute the size
of the next keyspace to hand out to the machine. the server could continually
watch how closely its "hypothesis" (i.e. its estimations of how long a
given machine will take) match the actual returns.
more on the idea of evidence: we are working with a hashing algorithm,
right? as evidence the client machines could return checksums of all
the hashes of all the keyspace it searched. it could break up its
own search space into blocks and return the checksums on the hashes
for each block. the server, if it wanted to, could verify these blocks
running its own computations. if it ever found a client was "unreliable",
it could then diminish the keys sent to the unreliable client, or even
send it areas of search space it didn't care about anymore (i.e. areas
that have already been confirmed searched by a more "reliable" client).
in fact all this reminds me of the process of intelligence gathering
by an agency, which could be formalized as follows: suppose that
the agency wishes to identify "quality information". it has a set
of sources, A,B,C,D....  now, it can send questions out to these
sources and get information from them. some of them however would
be "unreliable". the agency must devise some means by which it can
weed out the unreliable sources. note that this may even involve
sending them bogus instructions to keep them busy so they do not
themselves suspect they have been "discovered" and then change
their defective plans.
obviously, one of the most important intelligence tools in this
matter is that of *correlation*. you have to determine "truth"
(or "quality information") via the correlation between answers that
the different sources give you. also important to correlation is
*redundancy*. you sometimes have to ask more than one source the
same question, and test the answer. in this model, if A and B
give different answers, you know that one of A or B is "unreliable".
what is very interesting in our case of cracking keys is that the
server can verify the information on its own. in other words, it
has a *control* that it knows is correct that it can judge against
the answers "out there". unfortunately, in contrast, real intelligence
agencies are not always privy to this kind of certain "control" and
in fact have to determine "truth" entirely from a set of sources,
any of which might be unreliable. in this case one has to have
a hypothesis about what is the "truth" and test it to see if it
holds up consistently with all information.
the approaches of attackers are obvious. the most obvious is that
of collusion and infiltration. but I will save the rest for some
NSA spook to elaborate. there are certainly enough colluding and
infiltrating on this list one of the reasons all this interests me is that it really reminds me
of some projects I have worked on in the past. in high school I wrote
a network mandelbrot set program (client/host). the issue of contention
arose and it appeared to me to look like an upside-down parabola after
I plotted some points (curving up, that is). i.e. the optimum was at
the pit of the parabola, and when too few or too many requests happened,
the speed over the overall simulation was increased above the optimum.
some very ingenious readers may actually be able to locate this code, which I put in the public domain over 5 years ago.
another thing I worked on was trying to find the optimal block size
of communications protocols such as Zmodem, which generally instead
just pick arbitrary block sizes 2^n. I actually was able to attack
this problem analytically through the observations of the properties
of infinite series and calculus techniques. it is a similar problem
but the idea of contention really complicates this issue. (for what
I studied, there was only one client and one server, so to speak).
I still have this paper in Latex format and if anyone is interested
I would be happy to send it to you. it's a really nice example, IMHO,
of how if you use your brain and some mathematics, you can really
get a far more elegant approach than brute force, and know with much greater certainty  that what you are doing makes sense an awful lot of programmer just tend to bang on the keyboard with out
thinking of the theoretical implications of their work. this is
understandable given that the theoretical implications of even trivial
programs (such as the SSL client/server interactions) can be mathematically extremely daunting, requiring even differential equations to model fairly simple pieces of code.
well, that is my contribution of the moment into the cypherpunk annals. one never knows what a little combination of boredom and inspiration can lead to.

@_date: 1995-09-20 16:25:29
@_author: Vznuri@netcom.com 
@_subject: SSL keyspace etc. 
regarding SSL challenge, I am not following this close enough to understand completely, but I thought I would offer a few suggestions
for tweaking the code:
the issue of grabbing keyspace has been raised. what if someone
malicious just yanked huge areas of keyspace and didn't search them?
it seems that the clients need to return to the server some evidence
that they have searched their keyspace in question. the server could
verify this evidence. for those that don't return the "evidence", that
keyspace could be reallocated to other comers.
the simple approach to all this, if you don't have "evidence", is to just have the server keep reallocating the same space over and over
to different crackers. hopefully eventually every part of the keyspace
would be allocated to a "legitimate" worker.
the issue of efficiency is very fascinating for this project. essentially
the server has no idea what the block size of key blocks it should dole
out. obviously the server would want to try to dole out equal *processing
chunks* such that the remote machine reports back in a certain amount
of time, no matter what architecture. the problem of course is that remote
machines all have different efficiency.
two possibilities: a sort of "bogomip" calculation is done in the client,
and its processor speed is reported to the server. the server uses
this in a calculation to determine how much to dole out. it could try to derive a best fit linear relationship between space covered and
processor spead, or build up a table of results and interpolate for
new requests.
note that the efficiency issue also ties into "what if people take
keys they don't solve". if the server knows roughly how long a client
should take to report back, and it never reports back, it could then
reallocate that key space.
another problem of efficiency is that the server is clearly a bottleneck
for servicing requests. the question arises: suppose that the server
could determine the precise interval between which machines would
go back to it for new keys. what is the optimum interval over the
whole project? in other words, give the number of machines participating,
and their processor speeds, what size of key space should be parceled
out to the next request so that the bottleneck at the server is
minimized? this optimum interval must be very hard to derive, because
it depends on the contention based on many incoming connections. it
would involve some probabilistic approximations of the likelihood
of collisions. to model it, you might consider a request as taking [n] seconds of
time, and consider that if any two requests are in contention, a retry happens after [m] seconds. you could build up models that
would try to minimize the time based on empirical simulations. however I would be exceedingly impressed if someone could derive
a formula for this, or give it from some textbook. adaptive algorithms for all these situations are possible. the server
could use a "hypothesis" in the sense of partitioning out a starting
size of keyspace, and then watch how long it took the client machine to respond
and then assume a linear relationship or something to compute the size
of the next keyspace to hand out to the machine. the server could continually
watch how closely its "hypothesis" (i.e. its estimations of how long a
given machine will take) match the actual returns.
more on the idea of evidence: we are working with a hashing algorithm,
right? as evidence the client machines could return checksums of all
the hashes of all the keyspace it searched. it could break up its
own search space into blocks and return the checksums on the hashes
for each block. the server, if it wanted to, could verify these blocks
running its own computations. if it ever found a client was "unreliable",
it could then diminish the keys sent to the unreliable client, or even
send it areas of search space it didn't care about anymore (i.e. areas
that have already been confirmed searched by a more "reliable" client).
in fact all this reminds me of the process of intelligence gathering
by an agency, which could be formalized as follows: suppose that
the agency wishes to identify "quality information". it has a set
of sources, A,B,C,D....  now, it can send questions out to these
sources and get information from them. some of them however would
be "unreliable". the agency must devise some means by which it can
weed out the unreliable sources. note that this may even involve
sending them bogus instructions to keep them busy so they do not
themselves suspect they have been "discovered" and then change
their defective plans.
obviously, one of the most important intelligence tools in this
matter is that of *correlation*. you have to determine "truth"
(or "quality information") via the correlation between answers that
the different sources give you. also important to correlation is
*redundancy*. you sometimes have to ask more than one source the
same question, and test the answer. in this model, if A and B
give different answers, you know that one of A or B is "unreliable".
what is very interesting in our case of cracking keys is that the
server can verify the information on its own. in other words, it
has a *control* that it knows is correct that it can judge against
the answers "out there". unfortunately, in contrast, real intelligence
agencies are not always privy to this kind of certain "control" and
in fact have to determine "truth" entirely from a set of sources,
any of which might be unreliable. in this case one has to have
a hypothesis about what is the "truth" and test it to see if it
holds up consistently with all information.
the approaches of attackers are obvious. the most obvious is that
of collusion and infiltration. but I will save the rest for some
NSA spook to elaborate. there are certainly enough colluding and
infiltrating on this list one of the reasons all this interests me is that it really reminds me
of some projects I have worked on in the past. in high school I wrote
a network mandelbrot set program (client/host). the issue of contention
arose and it appeared to me to look like an upside-down parabola after
I plotted some points (curving up, that is). i.e. the optimum was at
the pit of the parabola, and when too few or too many requests happened,
the speed over the overall simulation was increased above the optimum.
some very ingenious readers may actually be able to locate this code, which I put in the public domain over 5 years ago.
another thing I worked on was trying to find the optimal block size
of communications protocols such as Zmodem, which generally instead
just pick arbitrary block sizes 2^n. I actually was able to attack
this problem analytically through the observations of the properties
of infinite series and calculus techniques. it is a similar problem
but the idea of contention really complicates this issue. (for what
I studied, there was only one client and one server, so to speak).
I still have this paper in Latex format and if anyone is interested
I would be happy to send it to you. it's a really nice example, IMHO,
of how if you use your brain and some mathematics, you can really
get a far more elegant approach than brute force, and know with much greater certainty  that what you are doing makes sense an awful lot of programmer just tend to bang on the keyboard with out
thinking of the theoretical implications of their work. this is
understandable given that the theoretical implications of even trivial
programs (such as the SSL client/server interactions) can be mathematically extremely daunting, requiring even differential equations to model fairly simple pieces of code.
well, that is my contribution of the moment into the cypherpunk annals. one never knows what a little combination of boredom and inspiration can lead to.

@_date: 1995-09-03 17:55:13
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
but for some reason, the NSA keeps humming along...? perhaps confirming the rule that bureacracies, like bores at parties,
persist long after they are relevant?
I object to this highly. the NSA has very little credible understanding
of market forces, IMHO. they are a government agency. they do not
understand marketing or human psychology. Clipper, the closest the
agency has come to creeping out of the darkness of their coffin,
was a total fiasco. the self-destructing director of NSA whats-his-name
who as running for that FBI position or whatever is another example of how the inbred spook society has difficulty dealing with anything outside
their artificial reality.
as for the market viability of cryptographic phones, I think this
is duplicity ranging on utter lying that "the US public is not willing to pay for secure phones". this is precisely the baseless
rumor and conventional wisdom one would expect the NSA attempt to
spread and use to surreptitiously manipulate the natural market direction.
every phone company would avoid even introducing a phone model
because "after all the public is not willing to pay for encryption".
sure, maybe they won't pay for the very finest encryption money
can buy, but they can get some pretty awesome bang for minor bucks
when it comes to crypto.
the fact is, cryptography is becoming EXTREMELY CHEAP. virtually
all phones are going to have some high power microprocessor inside
that could be used to do semi-decent secure encryption, far better
than *nothing*, the current status quo-- *for free*, virtually, because
the phone is already going to have some serious horsepower. the whole
issue of "signal transformation" is very intrinsic to the existing
phone circuitry anyway.
extremely secure encryption (i.e. that the NSA is not likely to
break at all) is another issue, but again chips are becoming
awfully cheap.
so I say anyone spreading a rumor that "american public doesn't
want encryption or is not willing to pay for it" (esp. in cell phones or whatever) is either:
1. intentionally lying
2. rather clueless
3. making an unwarranted and undemonstrated assumption
4. possibly has an axe to grind-- i.e. axeing widespread public
furthermore, the idea that someone from NSA would say something
like "the U.S. public doesn't want so-and-so" encryption I find
highly repulsive. the NSA's business is based on SUPPRESSING ENCRYPTION.
it would be hard to find a more biased and less credible opinion
anywhere. the NSA has done the very best job of sabotaging the natural growth of cyberspace by having its slithering tentacles
lodged into key areas of influence within our government, while
at the same time pretending that  it is actually working in our
own best interest.
frankly, I think any anti-encryption sentiment is inherently
unpatriotic. you see, there is far more to be gained from widespread
encryption than is to be lost from it. the NSA in their anal
retentive, freedom-pissing mode will never understand this, or
never apprise the situation unbiasedly, but it appears to me
to be fairly unequivocal that there are tremendous benefits
from the availability of widespread, seamless, invisible if the NSA released one public report that analyzed the actual
cost benefit ratio to *society* of free encryption, that is the
day I will scrape a smidgeon of respect for this vile, odious,
noxious excuse for a publicly funded institution. but the NSA
will never do this, because (1) the NSA can barely stand to address the congress honestly
and openly, and virtually never does even this, and so the
idea of justifying its existence to the actual public that
pays for its spook toys is beyond distasteful to the agency,
it would be sacrilegious!!
(2) they are incapable of an unbiased opinion on the issue, in fact they are probably not
even capable of any opinion that is not duplicitous and inherently
self-serving beneath a surface sugar-coating of actual legitimacy, (3) they don't want to admit that
their main motive, their raison d'etre, has absolutely nothing to do with maximizing overall public welfare-- it has to do with maximizing their own budget and maximizing intelligence available to their
omnipresent tentacles.
but thanks, JG, for a look into the dark, squirmy, teeming recesses of some perverted spook's mind. I would thoroughly enjoy any other choice
morsels you have to offer about the lies that spooks tell each other to
justify their existence. and the ones that they actually believe are by
far the most entertaining! --Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-03 18:33:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: pseudonyms & list health 
P.M. remarked in exasperation a little while ago that
he thought that some of the best minds had been lost in list
attrition due to high traffic, naming some people who had
seemingly dropped from the list (Bill Stewart? Phil Karn?)
but what if these people had just stopped subscribing under
their clear name? and started using a pseudonym?
this brings to light the idea that credibility is hard won,
and that it is hard to get, and that people need all the
credibility that they can achieve. it seems that virtually
all accomplishments are credibility-enhancing, and people
only "notch down" their reputation estimations in extreme
circumstances. hence, what I am suggesting is that one
of the "stable attractors"  that TM is always talking about
may be a reality in which people pool most of their accomplishments
under a single nym. furthermore, they will wish to avoid conflict
with other nyms in respect to attribution. isn't this, functionally, the equivalent of the supposed
anti-cypherpunk "true names"?
now, I'm not suggesting that "if you want to do something in
secret, you must have something to hide". (although that seems
almost like a tautology to me). but what I am suggesting, is
that if you want to get credit, it may pay to pool all your
accomplishments under one nym (tracing it to a physical body
is a whole separate issue-- the two should not be confused;
although the concept of "true names" does tend to blur this
in the case of PM, he thought that because some people ostensibly
dropped from the list, the list quality had decreased. but
he seemed to be making this conclusion based on their "real
identity". what if they were still around, posting under
pseudonyms? would he be able to tell? would the signal quality
be the same?
the point is that people seem to judge list quality based on
criteria in which "true names" play a major role. I'm not saying
this is the only way to do it, but I am saying that "true names"
seem to be very much ingrained into human psychology, particularly
in public forums and attributing credit, and the idea that they are wholly irrelevant to most human endeavor
is very suspicious, at least deserving more than a few paragraphs
of supposed proof.
another problem with pseudonyms and list noise is the following.
first, let me start by saying I think this list approaches the
"dysfunctional" level at times when everyone is ranting about each
other about staying on topic. there is an awful lot of hostility
on this list. maybe people like it, I'm not sure. I'm interested
in the sources of this hostility, though, and I think I can identify
some good candidates.
the list hostility and tension is quite palpable. when TM prefaces
many of his posts, and many others do, with frequent apologies about
being on topic, I am amazed to see this because I don't see people
so self-conscious on other mailing lists. in my opinion, this is where the role of the moderator is absolutely
critical. any mailing list with an AWOL moderator is only asking
for total chaos, IMHO. in this case I'll use the word "moderator"
and "list creator" interchangeably.
the best recommendation to everyone who subscribes to the list,
and to the moderator, is that THE MODERATOR DETERMINES WHAT IS RELEVANT.
that means that no one else has the authority to do this, NO ONE. if you find a post that bothers you, FIRST WRITE THE LIST MODERATOR.
ask the LIST MODERATOR to deal with the offending poster.
the list moderator should make a judgement when the list is in a "noise" phase and try to be clear about what is relevant to the
list and what is not. what this requires is a watchful eye and
regular interventions, IMHO.
a list where the moderator is never around may seem like a haven,
but in my opinion it only turns into a grouch free-for-all subject
to regular conflagrations that leave everyone *really* pissed off,
as did a recent eruption by TM and PM.
now, whenever you see someone write, THIS ISN'T RELEVANT TO THIS LIST!!
THIS DOESN'T HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH CRYPTO!! IMHO you should gently
remind this person in email that THEIR OPINION OF WHAT IS RELEVANT OR NOT IS
NOT RELEVANT. tell them to write the list moderator first, IN EMAIL. jamming
up the communication medium with meta traffic about what is an is
not relevant is absolutely futile and useless and counterproductive
and extremely anxiety producing.
so, as you can see, IMHO people who are continually making judgements
about what is or is not relevant to the list, and posting those opinions, are PART OF THE PROBLEM.  (I am reminded of one himself talking about people who are part of the problem and who is part of the solution. well, IMHO, ironically, he is PART OF THE PROBLEM, and for a very obvious and clear reason that even an intelligent child could grasp).
the Yin to the Yang of all this, however, is that the LIST MODERATOR
MUST OCCASIONALLY SHOW HIS FACE and make unambiguous rulings about
what is and what is not appropriate, especially when the noise level
increases and people start to wonder.
the problem with this is a list moderator who likes to use one or
two pseudonyms. the pseudonyms may be so secret that not *anyone*
on the list is aware of his identity, even close friends. this list moderator may be loathe to ever post under his "true name"
or whatever name he used to start the list. anyway, you can see that this whole business of pseudonyms, while
perhaps workable, is certainly fraught with pitfalls IMHO. at least
in situations of *public forums*, I am going to go out on a limb
and say that it is very troublesome.
it seems that in any forum, there are people who will try to disrupt
the proceedings so to speak. in real life you can throw them out,
by identifying their *picture*.
in a cyberspace that lacks true identities, you cannot throw out
these "problem people". they continually come back to haunt you
despite your best attempts to bar them. doesn't that bug you?
doesn't that irritate you? doesn't that drive you crazy? or do you
like the idea that the person you most hate in life might be posting
behind any of the next few messages? and there's nothing you can
do about it? because you in fact embrace the capabilities that let
him do this, and you're pretty sure you're not a hypocrite?
well, just some musings for those who unabashadly promote pseudonyms
to contemplate.
p.s. in regard to the above, about "people other than the moderator
posting judgements about what is and is not relevant to the list",
I am not making a judgement about what is and is not relevant
on the list. I am making a judgement about making a judgement
about what is and what is not relevant on the list. --Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-03 18:52:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: maximizing cryptographic return 
the question of the cost-effectiveness of  phone encryption was raised by my other message. I would like to question how cheaply good encryption
could be done on phones, with a poor quality microprocessor. most on
this list are aware of the idea that good encryption is often used
to send a low-bandwidth session key, which is then used to encrypt
that session using a less sophisticated but less computationally-demanding
algorithm. hence you seem to have good security at a computational
price that is less than encrypting everything with the secure protocol.
I was wondering how secure the following algorithm would be for phone
calls: suppose that at the beginning of each session, the random
key is traded using RSA or some other very secure approach. the
key is a *random bit width*, say 100-6000 bits. now, my question is,
I wonder if some very cheap algorithms, in terms of computation time,
could be used for the "on the fly" encryption of the voice using those
bit. would XOR with the pad be totally out of line? the situation is such that trivial algorithms such as XOR with  *unlimited
cyphertext* can be broken quite trivially. but it seems to me this
dogma that "XOR is WEAK" is based on the premise that you have a huge
amount of cyphertext to play with. take away this premise, that you
have a session key that is guaranteed to really give you very little
cyphertext, do these supposedly "weak" algorithms then become pretty
what I am getting at is that it seems there is this frequent assumption
that "good cryptography for on-the-fly encryption means you need huge
computational bandwidth". I wonder how true this really is. can you have
a situation where you spend a lot of time computationally negotiating
the *random one time pad*, but then have a fairly weak algorithm doing
the on-the-fly encryption with the random pad?
IMHO this would be the holy grail for phone hardware. as I wrote, you
are already going to have something approximating the power of a low-
bandwidth microprocessor in a phone. now imagine it took a long time
to send the key at the beginning, but that once traded it was no big deal-- real time communication using even "weak" algorithms.
what I am suggesting here is that we can get encryption for almost *no
additional cost* over existing phone hardware. and I am suggesting that
the main hurdles to encryption are political, not technical.
again, I wonder if "weak" encryption schemes are really that weak if they
are only used on short cyphertexts and if you have a good, secure
OTP (one time pad). I think it may be a delusion that you must have
a huge amount of computational bandwidth or have to encrypt every bit
using state-of-the-art, computationally-demanding algorithms to have extremely secure on-the-fly communications.
p.s. can someone give a brief summary of the Nautilus and PGP session
key / code frameworks?
p.p.s. a few footnotes in regard to the previous article. widespread,
seamless phone encryption is the NSA's absolute worse nightmare. everything
they are doing to prevent cryptography can be thought of as trying to
avoid this particular reality configuration. pay special attention how
they approach the issue and it will tell you what they fear the most,
and what they are trying to do to prevent it. also, Bob Morris said in his talk, acc. to Gillogly, that Europeans
*were* willing to pay for encryption in their phones, but those in the
US weren't. please expand on that little nugget!! how did you come
to that conclusion? why are americans fundamentally different than
europeans in regard to the value of encryption? if humans want the
same thing in most markets (as the situation of international product
marketing generally seems to suggest) does it make you think
that something besides the desirability of crypto is at stake here
in the localities, such as *politics*?
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-03 19:15:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
taking money from a bureacracy is like the exact opposite of taking
candy from a baby. but hell, maybe you could get a job as a spook
in their dark tunnels and "show them the light" so to speak. oh right, any perceived boneheadness on the part of a premiere spook
is surely in the eye of the beholder well, thanks for clearing up the assertion but I stand by my rant.
(and BTW, thank you for the wonderful opportunity, one must prize every
opportunity to get one's blood boiling to know one is alive). the
US may very well not have "embraced" any encryption standard because
the NSA is trying to THROW A @ WRENCH INTO ANY STANDARD THAT
IS DEVELOPED. that is EXACTLY WHAT CLIPPER WAS AN ATTEMPT TO DO.
y'know that we MAY HAVE WIDESPREAD ENCRYPTION BY NOW if the NSA has
not continually interefered with what is normally a NATURAL PROCESS
of standards creation in the technological community. Clipper is
a black, black mark not only because of what it tried to *introduce*,
but also of what it tried to *replace*.
again, the fact that we do not have widespread encryption in the U.S.
acc. to the NSA reminds me of the anecdote of the murderer going before
the court and stating that he deserved leniency because he was an
orphan. THE NSA HAS TRIED TO MURDER CRYPTO IN THE U.S. and then say,
"gosh!! there's no crypto!! no one has it!! therefore, no one wants it!!
why is everyone so angry when we tried to keep it from everyone when
nobody wants it"? @
again, I suggest that the lack of crypto in the US is due to a *political* situation, and nothing else. the NSA of course would like
to deny that, and justify the *political* situation based on something else
(such as that people don't really want encryption or that it is not really
in the nation's best interests)
exactly. THE MARKET COULD HAVE BEEN MATURING LONG AGO INSTEAD OF THROWN INTO CONFUSION.  we could have been on the path to improving encryption capability. and Clipper is only the product that we *saw*
in front of the world. did anything in the Clipper announcement talk
about the government collusion with AT&T? it is patently obvious that
the NSA has long worked behind the scenes to try to sabotage crypto,
and that Clipper was only the most desperate instance that we *heard*
of course, when there is widespread crypto the NSA will probably try
to justify its existence based on the widespread crypto in the world,
and take credit for its introduction. "why, after all, Clipper was
a major step in introducing good encryption to the masses".  @
indeed!! true progress!! the government has accomplished its mission
of sabotaging privacy!! so Clipper is a tremendous success in sowing
fear of the NSA into every American!! in throwing the standards process
into total confusion!!
JG, let me ask you a question. imagine there was some foreign government
agency, say of a totalitarian government, that wanted to prevent the
"spread of cyberspace" around the world. don't you think they could
be quite effective in  killing the Internet as it was growing? it would
be quite trivial to insert agent-provacateurs into all the open standards-making Internet conventions. where would we be now if this
cryptography is very intrinsic to cyberspace, and it would be quite
ubiquitous now if it werent for the reprehensible covert and overt NSA wrench-throwing acts. the NSA is sabotaging the natural growth of cyberspace, uneqivocally. I hope that every person in the NSA who
reads about Netscape or uses it, the Web, or the Internet,  hangs hi/her
head in shame, that he worked in an agency that helped work *against* the reality that created these wonderful embodiments of freedom in actually, to tell you the truth I don't consider that a given. it is
very well possible that a huge advantage shifts to the terrorists of
the world. it very well may be!! but is anyone actually trying to
unbiasedly *answer* this question with honest research? of course
not. the NSA, the FBI, the whole law enforcement community is in
total CYA mode. we have Freeh actually utter at a press conference,
"would you feel the same about strong encryption if your daughter
was kidnapped by a pedophile?" or whatever his little @
phrase was....anybody remember that slimy epithet of his?
for god's sake, could someone in the government do a study of what would *actually happen* if there was widespread encryption,
instead of letting the NSA's apparent default idea of "apocalypse now!!!" rule the whole debate?? the NSA is always talking about "the right
to communcation balanced with the needs of law enforcement", but have
they ever determined what in fact the costs are to society at large?
beyond simply ASSUMING that if a policeman complains that he can't
tap a phone line, that the world is really going to end tomorrow?!?!
has it ever occured to law enforcement agencies that widespread encryption may actually make their lives *easier*?? I could see a
situation where this is possible. the police routinely say, "sorry
ma'am we can't do anything because our hands are tied". if the police
and our government were prevented from any intervention into any
area involving cyberspace, perhaps both society and the police would
breath a lot easier!!
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-04 18:56:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
no, I think the NSA is very adept at infiltrating and twisting existing
cryptographic market processes to suit their own ends. DES is a good example
of this. it was created by IBM largely, and then "manipulated" by the
NSA. this is well known and understood. the NSA does not work with standards
or markets so much as *interfere* with them. how can you deny this basic
premise embraced by virtually everyone on this list?
clearly, the first attempt was to get the public to embrace clipper. lacking
that, they have thwarted natural market progression. I agree they have
done this. but it's like making a pool shot accidentally and saying,
"I meant to do that". the NSA is *not* an agency that has a single clue
about *real* markets. they do have a brilliant ability to leverage their
political coercion skills to the absolute maximum to *manipulate* and
*interfere* and *piss on* newly growing markets. the NSA has screwed
up public crypto in uncountable ways. you cannot deny this!! they secretly
visit people doing state-of-the-art research and intimidate them into
silence or going other directions. they visited Mosaic designers to tell
them that the things they were installing in the software were not acceptable legally. of course, any other legal arm of the government
would simply sue once the software appeared, but not try to manipulate
the design prior to its release. this is the tactics of an *espionage*
and *intelligence* agency. surprise!!
to say that the NSA understands markets is like saying that thieves
understand how to pick pockets. yeah, that's true, but that's not
quite how I would have put it.
huge amounts of cash and credibility have been WASTED on it. the NSA has
lost enormous credibility because of this fiasco. furthermore, the way
they tried to hide behind presidential directives is absolutely repugnant
to anyone who has a belief in the separation of powers within our I know, it's a pity they don't get more respectable and socially
fulfilling jobs at companies, where they can be publicly rewarded
and recognized for their brilliance.
they *do* understand the market, only to the extent that they are trying
to successfully SABOTAGE what would regularly be it's natural growth.
they have been ahead in *theoretical* knowledge, but it was precisely
my *point* that this nebulous eggheadism has demonstrably exploded
when placed in public scrutiny.
do you realize the sheer ability of Microsoft to build software that
succeeds in *markets*? Microsoft doesn't care much about Netscape
because, as one microsoft engineer remarked, "well, it's strange
to talk about market share when you are giving away software for free".
well, the NSA is the absolute *opposite* of Microsoft. they don't
have a *clue* about true market forces. they do however understand
ways in which the government interferes with markets, and they seize
on every one of those mechanisms as their lifeblood for control
and "shadow/invisible oppression".
the NSA is quickly losing relevance. the public *does* desire public
key crypto, and a defacto standard *has* been created, it's called PGP.
if the NSA proposes something in public key areas, it is likely to be pissed on by the public as much as Clipper, in many ways because
of the failure of Clipper. clipper in a big sense *was* the NSA's first
step toward public key encryption, and it was widely trounced on.
face it dude, the NSA has shown far less competence in the public arena
than *any* apologist such as yourself can ever demonstrate.

@_date: 1995-09-06 23:30:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Another Son of Clipper discussion paper 
J.G. on "proposed escrow techniques":
could someone explain to me why the passive voice is being used
in this proposal? who is proposing this criteria?
there is a saying "he who appeases an alligator does so in hopes
of being eaten last".
J.G., where did this list of proposal items come from? from you?
are you a private researcher? if so, how do you justify this list?
I mean, I can imagine someone from the NSA coming up with something
this specific and restrictive, but frankly I find it in rather
poor taste for private, unaffiliated researchers trying to
bargain with the NSA. there is a clear-cut right to encryption in
a free society, and anything less is a compromise with totalitarianism
IMHO no genuine self-respecting cypherpunk would be involved in any kind
of discussions involving government key escrow, unless to go as
an agent provocateur. the whole issue lends an "aura of legitimacy"
to an issue that has absolutely none. its like the Perl shirt--
as I have said many times, as long as people argue about the precise legality of the code, they are *losing* the battle with the
NSA and playing into their hand and exactly the kind of paranoia
over cryptography use they are trying to cultivate.
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-09 13:03:58
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Internet commerce mtg, Denver 
I went to an Internet commerce convention meeting in Denver
last week, and thought some here would be interested in some of the topics and companies. the most important company I saw at the meeting is called
"YellowNet". I knew this would happen someday, but this company
is attempting to build up a *world wide* online business
directory accessable over the web. they are trying to build up the infrastructure to handle up to 1M hits per
day. a rep told me they were going to go all out in a publicity blitzkrieg at the beginning of Oct. , but for
now they are getting ready for prime time. its currently
a private company but I suspect they may go public in
a year or two.
the rep told me something interesting: he said that every
Bell phone book is actually "seeded" with dummy names
so they can detect copyright infringers. if you come out
with a business directory, these Bells will just scan for
the fake names that they have inserted into their own listings.
if they find them, supposedly they can show them to a copyright
judge and he will immediately close down your operation and
fine you, almost no questions asked. I didn't know how much
of this really happens (the legal stuff sounded questionable
to me) but it is an interesting "real world" instance of
copyright terrorism prevention that the "information liberation
front" would have to contend with. the rep told me that they were willing to go to "phillipine
calling houses" that do nothing but contract out to companies,
and have the laborers dial the long lists of phone numbers
to verify them. as I understand it they exist and supposedly
the long distance is so cheap now that they are actually
profitable being run out of the phillipines or wherever.
he said his company was about to do this when
they found a national CD directory of businesses, and they
were grudgingly willing to license the CD informtion for the web pages.
anyway, cpunks, you may be interested in getting into
the ground floor of something like this. the yellow pages
are an *extremely* lucrative source of income for phone
companies and if they don't compete over the web, I think
they are going to become increasingly obsolete-- esp. when
the Web becomes accessable to the home more readily through
e.g. cable companies.
the URL: what I am suspecting however is that these kinds of services
are going to be common, and it will not be that difficult to
get your *pointer* into them for free. as far as them offering
advertisements, though, I can't see how they could charge
much more than a standard web site service charge for some
pages. in other words, the days of hundreds of dollars for
a display ad are probably not going to happen on the web,
IMHO. and I don't see how they could charge for mere pointers
at all, given that the competition will probably give them
the other major companies at the show were generally large and small internet providers, and a lot of web page consulting firms
(large and small). various network connection providers &
consultants, etc.
another thing I would like to clue everyone in on, if it
isn't already obvious: the Web is going to go crazy as
companies realize they can have dynamic forms to serve
customers without any clerks required. this is going to be a *very* hot area of development over the next few
years IMHO.
 it is really not that big of deal to have
an inert "online brochure" but the technical capability
required to do programming behind forms to interface with
company databases is not trivial, and I think this is
going to become an extremely hot occupation over the next
few years. in other words, programmers who can customize
web sites to interface to the existing company's databases
and computer infrastructure will be very valuable. this
is called "CGI"; many of you are probably already experts
in it. (if you are, I'd like to talk to you about an application I'm trying to write...)
examples of this are infinite, but a few: a customer could
query the company inventory, find what stores are nearest
to his home, find what store has what he wants in stock immediately,
check on special prices and discounts of the moment, etc.
he might be able to put himself on a company mailing list,
etc.  so far I have not seen this very widespread, these
customized web applications, but I think they are really
going to proliferate massively.
I have also been seeing a lot of excitement over Java, and
I think this really has the potential to become a "net
standard binary interchange format". however I think the
day when the Java apps are proliferating all over the
net will be quite awhile away (6 mos or more at least) and
that businesses are still probably going to want to use
the more prosaic form interfaces for compatility and simplicity.
Java is really starting out right, in that it begins as
day 1 as a total free, open standard. Sun and Netscape are
not claiming burdensome proprietary rights to it. this
makes it amazingly attractive. the market has shown repeatedly
that it will often go with an inferior open standard in
preference to a technologically superior closed one. (and
IMHO with good reason.. the market is pretty rational, just
not in ways technophiles necessarily expect).
another thing I saw that Sun is promoting: they now have
Web authoring applications that require almost no HTML
expertise whatsoever. you can drag and drop pictures where
you want them in the documents etc.  I suspect this may
become the preferred way to work on web documents in the future
to the point that people who actually memorize all the HTML
commands may be in the minority. this actually argues in favor
of a HTML that is not necessarily that pretty or syntactically
consistent (of course, both aspects have already been pretty
much lost in the mad rush to add new features anyway). another thing I'd like to point out is that there are a lot
of hackers here with specialized knowledge into the web
and perl and other tools, and in our culture (the cypherpunk
list, e.g.) these things are considered pretty simple, mundane,
and obvious, but there is
an enormous business culture out there with a lot of money
and not very many clues about this technology. the consulting
opportunities for "small fries" are becoming very attractive
and widespread. it is easy for us to say, "oh, that's no big
deal, why would anyone pay money for that??" but in fact what
is happening is that people are paying *big* money for simple
things like HTML expertise.
there were a total of about 50 classes at this show, and you'd
be really surprised how many were on fairly basic subjects like
"what is the internet? what is the web? what can it do for me?"
etc.  however many of these classes focused on secure banking
and cryptographic expertise will probably move to the forefront
of job requirements in about a year for these kinds of jobs, I
would imagine. they will probably tend to emphasize the need
for background in security related applications. right now there
are a lot of toy, insecure applications but it is only a matter
of time before people realize that if you really want to get
serious, you have to have cryptography tied in and sharp people
to plug all possible security holes, and you don't want stuff
made out of "bubblegum and baling wire".
so it appears that cypherpunks are really positioned on the crest of a tidal wave!! any of "us" who have been on the list in the
pre-web era are beginning to feel like old fogeys from the prehistoric era!! it seems that cyberspace for the elite was
born with the Internet, but "cyberspace for the unwashed masses"
was born with the Web.
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-11 13:39:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: crypto confrontation 
regarding the NIST policies on cryptography being shaped at this
moment, an idea occurred to me.
one of the most important aspects of protest is getting the public
to be on your side. right now the american public is pretty indifferent
about the cryptography issue, but there could be some very graphic
situations that would help bring it out into the limelight even
more than it is at the moment, and make anyone promoting government key escrow seem like the bad guys.
the minor protest going on with the Perl t-shirts is really fantastic
(last count, ~700 shirts out the door), but what really brings an
issue to the forefront of american consciousness (i.e. the media)
is *confrontation*.
picketers in front of buildings clashing with police is almost guaranteed to get a little media coverage, almost no matter what
the issue.
now, some day we might reach this point with crypto rights. it would
be quite a spectacle. (I'm sure people would argue against it here,
but IMHO even a simple demonstration of a few dozen people might
do more for widespread public consciousness of the issue than a
million lines of code on an FTP site..)
in the meantime here's another possibility:
suppose that a software company intentionally set up a situation where
they are exporting a cryptographic algorithm out of the country. and
they have filming crews on hand when the bad-guy customs agents or
whoever stop the truck at the border and confiscate the software. have the reporters asking questions like "why are you confiscating this"? "answer: this
is classified a munition". this could really be a fantastic segment for Hard Copy or any of the
other trashy tabloid shows. just a confrontration for confrontation's
sake, with nothing resolved, just a lot of people pissed off at each
other, and the end result the viewer coming away saying, "what a disgrace!!
somebody should do something!!"
I mean, imagine a segment where you see the customs officers pointing
guns at a truck driver or whatever (that would *really* be optimal), and
them breaking into the truck to pull out the software. the reporter
could say, "what's so deadly that's in the box??" and pull out a computer
disk. sound bites of people outside the country saying how they want to use
the crypto. a nice businessman in a tie, in the middle of an office
with hardworking suits and ties.
"we're not criminals!! we're trying to *protect* ourselves
from criminals!! but your government won't let us!!"  other sound bites:
joe sixpack goes and buys crypto package from Germany because he doesn't
have to put up with illegality and uncle sam. shots of massive Microsoft
and an executive or programmer complaining how they can't put the code they want to in their programs, that
users *want*, that would solve these horrible hacker problems that the
country is having,  because uncle sam is interfering.
other scenes: businessmen calculating how much the U.S. software market
(which, BTW, we are premiere in the world in) has already lost in
sales, or could potentially lose on the information highway. "my
company personally had [x] ready but could not release it. [y] was
delayed [z] years for approval. we estimate we have lost [a] and
have had to hold off hiring as much as [b] people". (the actual numbers
should be as close to reality as possible, but from a PR point of view
don't even matter!!)
much made of how the Internet committees are now ignoring the US recommendations that require escrowed crypto. "the U.S. may ironically become only a inconsequential rest stop on the information superhighway of the future"
much FUD about how the US could become a "backwater in cyberspace" because of these policies. etc!!  lots of hype about how cyberspace
will become the very basis of future global economies, and that anybody
who opts out will be slitting their own throat. also, crypto being absolutely
essential to secure transactions.
in fact, if we play this right we could even get a new kind of semi-conventional wisdom into that easily-manipulated thing called
the public consciousness: "hackers can be foiled by good crypto.
the government is killing good crypto. therefore hackers are proliferating
because of the government!!"
plus, you could throw in the Phil Zimmermann thing too, although that
might be overdoing it. as for all the bill of rights angle and those
kinds of things, those could be put in there, but remember that people
generally hate lawyers actually, I'm actually rooting for PRZ to be indicted. an acquittal would
be extremely costly, but it could really bring the key issues to the forefront of the american or even world consciousness. hell, it would
beat the OJ trial any day in my book!! and in fact it might be just
the ticket to the kind of mainstream journalism that could really
tip the balance of public opinion. (the press is pretty sleazy, I admit, but it is a *monster* machine that one might be able to
trick into working for you!! in fact, I would consider that quite the
ultimate hack in social engineering!! any weenie hacker can con a
phone repairman, but can you trick the whole U.S. media system into
telling the public what you want it to hear? sounds like a real challenge to me!!)
and BTW, I am aware of how DJBernstein and others have various lawsuits
and FOIAs against the government. but I don't think these are really
penetrating Joe Sixpack's brain, when that is really where the battle
lies. and Joe Sixpack doesn't understand esoteric things like the
bill of rights, the constitution etc.-- but he does understand pictures
of police confronting someone who doesn't seem to be doing anything wrong and is arguing in favor of something good for america.
you might think, "what does public opinion have to do with government?"
answer: a lot. if in a public poll, a large majority were in favor of
releasing crypto regulation, you can bet that the "which way is the
wind blowing NOW?!?!?!" politicians (that is, all of them, )
would be scrambling to appease the public. even Clinton has a long
record of merely going with what is politically expedient. I can fully
imagine him defying key law-enforcement agencies if the public was
more in support of good crypto.
and, if we can get scenes like what I'm talking about, that day may
become a reality. I continue to believe that the way to really hammer
the issue and get what we want may amount to a kind of "psychological
terrorism": "propaganda" on television that promotes our cause to joe
sixpack, and simply honestly tells what is at stake. (that's the beauty of our position, is that even the simple truth is very powerful
propaganda-- in fact that's how you can generally tell if you are on
a side that is likely to win in the long run!!).
there are many here who will argue for less confrontational approaches,
about not getting anyone upset, about not trying to paint anyone as
a bad guy, about just opting out of a "hopeless" political process, about how
the whole US system is so screwed up anyway that we're all pretty
much screwed when it comes down to it, etc. ad nauseaum, ...
but IMHO a pound of nonconfrontration is worth a feather of confrontation
in the long run. and I continue to believe the confrontation, while
a bit messy and unpleasant at times, will really get the ultimate result
that we want: (1) widespread public consciousness on the issue, (2) widespread support of our side.
again, the code distribution is great, but in the long term, I continue
to believe that public opinion is ultimately what runs a government,
and a tyrannical government cannot exist without the tacit support of
the population. I applaud the Perl t-shirt sellers for their great victory but suggest
that greater victories lie in waiting. how about a demonstration of
a bunch of people wearing the shirts, for starters?
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-13 14:24:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Whitehouse "dissident" web site monitoring? 
amusingly, on one of those web sites, the death of Casolaro is indeed
tied in with the conspiracy that "touched" (to say the least )
Vince Foster.
the Whitehouse web hits are potentially interesting. I agree they
don't imply any "dissident web monitoring program". the question of
how high a staffer hit those pages and for what reasons is still
unanswered. if it was indeed just Joe Sixpack on a presidential
tour, playing with the machines, not even employed with the whitehouse, or perhaps some bored college intern, then I agree that nothing significant is going on. but it is fun to fantasize about Hillary or Bill getting
an eyeful and thinking that *pornography* on the internet pales in
comparison to *this* little problem!! now, those "dissident" web sites are not as innocuous as you might think. they are not run-of-the mill "I hate the president and republicans too" sites.
one of them is the absolute master repository on the internet for
all the rampant, hardcore Foster conspiracy theories talking about
NSA bank spying, whitewater, etc. these are *not* something you would find in a library, or expect anyone without an interest in conspiracy theories to be reading. and from what the article suggests, the browsing was
pretty thorough. it would be interesting to ask the site maintainer,
something I might do.
I suspect that a lot of this Foster stuff is going to hit the media big
time when the mud starts to sling during the presidential election,
when it really counts. I think that someone is sitting on a lot
of anti-clinton ammo. the 3rd candidate possibilities are very strong
in 96, because of all the junk coating the Republicrats and Demopublicans.
recall that the "october surprise" suspicions regarding Reagan really
hit the media big time, and supposedly that was a highly secret intelligence operation. so I think that there is a kind of rough
government accountability, it's just that it only happens about every
4 years or so and is *awfully* messy.. --Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-16 13:58:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: AOL monitoring 
hello, apparently the recent FBI sting happened with the cooperation
of AOL, which allowed the FBI to monitor downloads..
here's some info to test if you are being monitored on AOL
------- Forwarded Message
   All you America online users would be wise to check out your
    Use a file viewer that will allow you to view in hexadecimal.Or use
the DOSSHELL.EXE program in your DOS directory and use the menu to VIEW
file contents
    Find your Aonline directory and find the directory marked IDB.
    This should have two files marked with your screen name and a
suffix of either .arh or .pnd  (eg.  ericmuette.arh)
    With the file loaded in the viewer you will see the hex dump of
these files. In the side pane will be the equivalent ascII of the
hexadecimal dump (in laymans terms... if there is text you will
recognize it...)
    Use PAGE DOWN to move down through the files.... soon you will
recognize the first files you downloaded and references to where you
were on the internet and what directory you saved the file to.
    Make these files READ ONLY with the file attributes menu in your
file manager and they can not use this facility../
    You will get an error message when you first start up ("XFER ERROR
- - - could not create database") Click on "OK" and program will continue.
    Then when program gives you messages when you try to save to disk
or download something just click on "IGNORE" till program continues
(usually 3 times).
    When they realize everyone is defeating this they can easily come
up with a more covert way of tracking you but in the meantime...
    ... better to change to another provider...
    You will be amazed at your freinds expressions when you get on
their computer and tell them what they have downloaded.
    If you view the files in the TOOLS directory , at the end of the
files you will find the internal names for these programs such as
"Internal DAtabase" , ETC.  !!!  Have fun...
    Big Bro is here in a BIG WAY... MIND YOUR P's and Q's on the NET
    E. Muetterties
    If you can't figure out how to do this email me with what is in
your "IDB" directory and I'll tell you which files to view.
    ericm3
Linda Thompson
American Justice Federation
Home of AEN News and "Waco, the Big Lie" "America Under Siege"
3850 S. Emerson Ave.
Indianapolis, IN  46203
Telephone:  (317) 780-5200
Fax:  (317) 780-5209
Internet:  lindat
"When even one American -- who has done nothing wrong -- is forced by fear
to shut his mind and close his mouth, then all Americans are in peril."
Harry Truman

@_date: 1995-09-20 11:58:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: netscape bug 
clearly the netscape engineers did not practice "safe crypto programming",
but I question the seriousness of the crack.
none of the articles mention that the cracker must have login access
to the computer that the random numbers are generated on. is this true?
does the code require knowledge of the PID etc. that can only be obtained
by a login to the system that the netscape session is running on?
if this is true (i.e. login access required) this bug is by far not
as serious as some of the hyperbole is suggesting. I agree it is still
very insecure but the most dangerous crypto bugs are those where you
can determine keys from data alone.. physical penetration into a machine
is another level of security..
furthermore, I would like to commend Netscape for their fast response
to the problem and apparent commitment to establishing safeguards that
avoid it in the future.
cypherpunks have an easy time ridiculing someone who slit their throat
on writing some crypto functions, but geez, cut them some slack:
 crypto stuff has so many pitfalls and bugaboos that even the world-class experts make mistakes. where else can not properly "burning" stack registers (function parameters) and environment variables be considered "lethal"??? PGP errors have been reported on numerous occasions, some in the randomizer code. do people call for Zimmermann's
head on a stick and call him "incompetent"?
often when cryptographers say something is "broken" it can still mean
that it is not necessarily unsafe in practice. there are many shades
of "broken", some requiring a Cray and other's requiring a PC. I am
really surprised how much people here consider "broken is broken". this
is only the extreme theoretical perspective. granted I am not advocating
that people *not*fix* bad crypto functions, I'm only saying that maybe
its not in everyone's best interest to run around and say "the sky is
falling" and lambaste companies for minor difficulties..
Netscape is a world class product, and it's *free*. on this cypherpunks
list, I have seen no end to the venemous criticisms that people level at *free* products, which IMHO is quite tasteless at times. Netscape has
done far more for the cypherpunk cause than  many, many companies just
by including RC4 in their product. they have taken some heat for their
decisions & code, but they are on the front lines of battle. now instead of
our vague claims about how the world can benefit from good crypto, how
it is immensely valuable and important to cyberspatial financial transactions,
to promote the cypherpunk cause, we now have something *popular*, *physical*,
 and *tangible* to point to: netscape!!
this is *not* vaporware. this is not some cpunk saying, "all one needs
is [x] algorithm running on [y] network and you have a world class
infrastructure". the amount of work to get something like Netscape into
the world is quite daunting and herculean. we owe a great debt to netscape
and their accomplishments for furthering our own agenda!!! please do not trivialize what they have accomplished!! Netscape is here, it works, and
it is cyberspatial crypto that Joe Sixpack can understand and *use*!!
it is not a toy remailer, it is not some PGP front end, it is not some
mailer script, *this* is the format in which Joe Sixpack will be using crypto in the future, the format which will bring "crypto to the
unwashed masses"!!
Netscape may very well be the chief vehicle that puts on *concrete pressure*
on our government to relax crypto export laws. I see this happening *right now* with them going to a 64 bit key from a 40 bit one, and the
world starting to realize the importance of crypto and the idiocy of the export laws. I am really amazed at how few seem to be supporting
Netscape here and considering them the *premiere ally* in our current
battle. it reminds me of how much people here rant at Microsoft when virtually no other company on the planet could pull off what they make
look easy (ah, that's another story I've filled up other posts with).
please do *not* take an adversarial relationship with the companies
who are helping advance the cutting edge of cyberspace!! do *not*
ridicule them. rather, help them to understand their problems. I think
you will find that most companies are *not* hostile to improving their
software, and will readily admit it when it needs fixing (intel has
been humbled by their pentium glitch, and I doubt any company again will
ever be so obstinate and belligerent..) . I am willing to bet that the netscape bug would have been fixed quickly if it
had been quietly brought to their attention, without the blaring media
lights (I enjoy the media circus as much as the next guy, but on the
other hand, doing some things quietly may actually advance the cypherpunk
cause further than by making a noisy hullaballoo in cyberspace).
once again I commend Netscape for their fine software and willingness to
perfect it. netscape is at the cutting edge of advancing key cyberspace
technologies and it is not surprising that they make some minor mistakes
with the code in these early phases. cyberspace is very young!! give designers a bit of time to get it right. be patient!! do not accuse
them of incompetence!! netscape is tens of thousands of lines of world-class code. only in programming can a few moments of total,
rapt attention lead to bugs that get blared on the front page of
new york times and affect your stock price!! good lord, give the guys
a break.
cpunks: when Netscape has some serious competitors, they will get
their act together. but at the moment they are the only game in town,
and it will pay off to be nice to them, and try to support them, instead
of kicking them in the teeth and wringing them every time they make
a mistake. few in the world are as knowledgeable or paranoid as we are
about security, and its going to be a gradual process to get to even
a fraction of the expertise here penetrating the mainstream software
industry. be patient!!
P.M. notes that anywhere there is a data-driven buffer overflow (which
he suspects are all over netscape) he can get code to execute anything
he wants. this reminds me of the
Morris internet worm that ran exactly the same way. it used a
bug in the finger demon that caused a string buffer overwrite
(via strcpy, instead of strncpy) to execute customized code.
my question: I have not seen the specifics of how this works. does
this require specialized knowledge of the native machine language on the host machine? or is it just used to cause something like a core dump
to get a command line or something like that?
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-20 12:31:48
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: cypherpunks press releases/contact list: YES!! DO IT!! 
I'm going to argue against TCM and others who are opposed to a "cypherpunk press release" because this is not an "organized group".
a press release mechanism is one way by which the organization of this
group can be increased. and I'm going to say something heretical in cypherpunk circles, but imho, ORGANIZATION == POWER. this is
a basic rule of life that all the rabid libertarians and cryptoanarchist
loners here hate to admit, but it's really true and inescapable.
anyone who wants to issue press releases for the "cypherpunks", I say,
GO FOR IT. don't let someone discourage this because this is an
"anarchy". that's actually an excellent reason for you to JUST DO IT!!
some will be willing to have their names on the list, and they will
email you. others will flame you and not want their name included. simply
ignore the later category!!
the cypherpunk logo is not copyrighted. no one has any say on who or what
a "cypherpunk" is. so, let someone pick a reality and let it prosper
or wilt by assent and "voting with the feet".
just be careful not to misrepresent anyone. start a list, just like anyone can
start a FAQ. a list of names to contact and their specialties would be
*excellent* for this purpose. occasional press reports on what is happening
on list traffic would be very useful, too.
look, there are some very tangible and definite ways to advance the
cypherpunk agenda. there are many here who like to play in the dark
and shadows and not make any noise. that's fine!! but don't expect everyone
to share your disinterest in publicity or organization. if this is in
fact an anarchy, why are you discouraging anyone from pursing that which
interests them??
IMHO playing in the dark, not trying to appeal to the widespread masses
through the media and everything else at hand, is just the NSA's way
of trying to manupulate reality through "back door" approaches.
I again suggest that a simple list of poeople here who are willing to
talk to the press, organized under their expertise/speciality, is an
*excellent* idea that is an idea whose time has come. this is such a great idea that *I* may do it if nobody does it after
a week or two.
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-21 12:46:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: economic espionage (@#$%^&*) 
ah yes, just like the way Clinton alone came up with the whole
Clipper idea as a way to balance the legitimate goals
of law enforcement with the right to privacy in society.
careful Bill, your strings are showing. and I won't say who is the puppeteer, but he has the initials N.S.A.
pardon me, but this new "economic espionage" sleazoid-intelligence-
agency-justifying bugaboo really annoys me.
boy, I wish I could get my job to work the way the government
works. I go to my boss, and say, "repeat after me: you will
be given a fat raise because you are crucial to the company".
I would *die* to see an op-ed in the NYT with the subject:
"economic espionage: the new bogeyman decoy after the cold war"

@_date: 1995-09-25 12:28:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: PM's Netscape rant 
I thoroughly enjoyed PM's vituperative, venemous, and vitriolic
Netscape rant. it just wouldn't be the cypherpunks list without the pit bull of the internet nipping at everyone's heels here
and slaying any unwarranted peace!! however I haven't seen any well-deserved rebuttals however, so..
I'm again going to be a netscape apologist and say, GEEZ, PM, will you take it easy, and untangle your underwear knots?
as has been pointed out numerous times, the encryption in the Netscape
code is designed to handle credit card number transport, *not*
actual cash transport. its really silly to have more security
present than is available than the weakest link. it would be like
worrying about a fence around the white house when one is giving
open tours to the public every day!!
PM is rather secretive about the systems he is working on, but
I suspect they are stock systems that must be highly secure because
they actually involve *transfer* of cash, and *large*amounts* of it,
in a *time-critical* environment, with *large corporate clients*.  these
are all inappropriate criteria to judge Netscape by.  in the Netscape scenario, the software is *not* transfering cash itself, *not* transferring large amounts of it, and *not* in a time critical application, and *not*
geared toward large corporations, but instead individual users. it is relying on another infrastructure (credit cards) for the actual transaction mechanisms. as has been pointed out numerous times, the whole
credit card apparatus is somewhat based on "security through obscurity", i.e. the obscurity of a credit card number, and it doesn't make a whole
lot of sense to try to make this more "secure". this is a problem for
credit card companies to fix (I agree it is a horrible problem, that costs
us billions, and should have been fixed a long time ago) .. but holding
credit card *using* companies responsible for this deficiency doesn't make sense. they are not the enemy!! they would surely seize the
most secure mechanism available, if there were alternatives.
the distinction is subtle, but I think a relevant one: is
the software itself transfering cash, or building on another system
that does so? hopefully in the latter case, the requirements for a
successful implementation are not so difficult to achieve (so that
even fresh-out-of-college CS students can call the functions to
do so, and perhaps code packages are written such that the user
is protected from their own naivete, or what PM would call stupidity
or incompetence).
PM gives some excellent techniques for improving code security (some
of these may not be exactly what he proposed):
1. hiring experts
2. code reviews
3. restrictions of who can work on what code (security clearance)
4. heavy testing
5. antagonistic attacks (i.e. hiring someone trying to crack the code that
others have written)
6. open review of key code
however, put all these things together and you get a company apparatus
a bit more like the NSA than a commercial company. I agree that all
these precaution are relevant for banking and stock transaction software
transferring millions of dollars.  but holding a joe-schmoe GUI and Web company responsible for this kind of paranoid oversight is really impossible and unrealistic and *unnecessary*.
there will be some companies that specialize in creating the *secure*infrastructure* for communications transactions. other companies
will just *latch on* to this existing infrastructure. hopefully the
requirements for *latching on* will not be too difficult, otherwise we
are all in trouble!! now, admittedly, it would be ideal if the netscape code was highly
secure, but again, I just don't think it is in the best interests of
this company to become security paranoid to the degrees that I have
listed above, and the extreme degrees that people here are ranting about. rather they should try to blend in with other companies
who specialize in cryptographic security. the latter companies should
as much as possible provide foolproof modules. they should take care
of all functions that have a potential for problem, such as random
number generation, key exchange, etc.  they should try to provide
a minimum of training where the code is not foolproof.
many have been making the point that one cannot judge the security of
a package based simply on analyzing key modules. I actually don't think this has been proven in general and completely resolved yet. I can imagine modules that communication with software such that the module itself is a "secure environment" in general, and
it is almost impossible to misuse the software itself. (for example,
the software might never store the actual keys of transactions itself, this being handled by a secure module, making it impossible to accidentally reveal them).
some day we might actually see "secure module support" built into a microprocessor. in many ways the microprocessors that guard against
illegal memory accesses and illegal function calls are in a sense
providing a kind of cryptographic security. and people who study
secure OSes generally eventually conclude that for ultimate security,
you almost have to work from the ground up, starting with memory,
microprocessors, and network hardware.
so my general point is that PM's rant, while lots of fun to read..
(ahem) this is not appropriate in the context of Netscape's aims, unless they
want to become financial transaction experts more in line with banking
expertise. netscape is more a "bring cyberspace to the masses" company,
not "bring secure transactions to cyberspace". it's just because so
few companies are successfully doing the latter, that netscape is forced
to implement some "key" aspects of it to support the former. but I suspect
they may ease out of the cryptographic security business in the long run,
delegating it to other companies' plug-in-packages.
furthermore, cyberspace is growing gradually. the way we get to really
incredible secure transactions is through a growing process, an evolution
in which mistakes are made at different levels, and which in the beginning
the software is not much more than a toy that looks pretty and has the
fewest moving parts and most simplistic design imaginable. I fully believe that some day a company in cyberspace will exist
that satisfies PM's and all other cypherpunk's most erotic dreams about secure transactions. however that day is years away and it
will take a long time to reach it. and I doubt that it will be the
same company that is playing around with GUI's for the end user and
hiring college programming hot-shots and Java geeks.  IMHO netscape is probably not going to be the company that will try to bring the
*lowlevel infrastructure* for cash, judging by the current winds,
although that could change. they will definitely help guide its
progress and be interacting with the companies that do, however.
when the big Secure Transactions Inc.  company is invented for
cyberspace, *then* the kinds of absolutely uncompromising  standards that PM
embodies will be in place. but again, we cannot expect the companies
of today to embody that ideology and atmosphere for a few years yet.
the cypherpunks play a very valuable role in finding these "growing
pain" mistakes of beginning companies such as Netscape,
but we are not really serving our own best interests or the harmonious growth of cyberspace by vilifying/ embarrassing/ browbeating/ humiliating companies or their employees over their security
problems, at least if they are clearly responsive to far less ammunition.
keep in mind that NSA unbreakable security is *just*not*appropriate* in
every situation, and in fact "weak" encryption does have legitimate uses (i.e. in a world where people routinely lock their keys in their
cars). (although I agree, in general one should always try to design a system to be as secure as possible.)
(oops, I used the term "we" in that paragraph, a grave cypherpunk sin.. my humble apologies; @ cryptoanarchist vocabulary)
that all said, nevertheless, I do enjoy PM's periodic displays of undigestable bile eruptions at least as much as one of the other infamous amusing crackpots circulating in this corner of cyberspace..
(but geez, PM, were you raised by a pack of wild wolves or what?)
p.s. to TCM: why do you continually find my login name abbreviation so fascinating??? my apologies to anyone if I am missing some kind of inside joke here, I'm a little dense at times

@_date: 1995-09-26 14:45:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: cypherpunk press releases vs. FAQ 
earlier I advocated a press release mechanism, and this is getting
flamed to smithereens by the more libertarian/cryptoanarchists
elements of the group, as I predicted (but geez, accusing me
of *deliberately* trying to start a flamewar here really hurts
my feelings! if I were really that mischievous, the meager return would
be quite an insult to my expertise.. ).
however this is entirely a matter of phasing of the question.
I am *not* advocating that someone be elected the spokesman, that
everyone agrees on what he says, that we all agree it is our
"official representation" etc. and I thought I made this clear.
(oops, I used that "we" word again, my humble apologies. just pretend
that I'm talking to my tentacles if you object.)
I do believe these are valuable attributes of groups and can help knit cohesion and help determine meaningful agenda (people here sometimes complain about the lack of focus or
of conquest, and do you need any clue as to *why* there is a lack
of this?) but I will not promote it where it is not relevant (or
at leas, not welcomed).
what I had in mind was a more FAQ-like cypherpunks document, with a
list of who considers themself a cypherpunks contributer, or just
someone who is willing to be a listed expert on a topic for media
inquiries. all the time, someone just sits down and writes a FAQ for a newsgroup, yet there was no "official" appointment.
if a FAQ is continually updated, it becomes very much like a press release. a question on the list might be, "what exactly did the cypherpunks discover about netscape? what is the seriousness of this flaw?" etc.  in this way the questions become virtually identical to what the media would inquire. and in
a sense every newsgroup's FAQ is almost like a "press release" for
everyone in the newsgroup. but this also shows why a FAQ is almost invariably
*extremely* time consuming and a herculean task to compile/update involving
huge numbers of man-hours the refined, final product does not convey.
I am advocating that individuals here come up with a FAQ. there are excellent
web sites, but not a simple FAQ of this group. I also encourage competing
FAQs at first. this happens all the time in newsgroups, and they eventually
merge or cover different topics.
the FAQ topic has been discussed here often, and everyone agrees it is a pretty good idea, and someone should "just do it" if they want to.
I guess what I'm pointing out (beyond the usual noise on the subject)
is that if anyone wants to have cypherpunk
press releases, that energy is better channelled into a FAQ. it is a
definite vacuum that would beneficially be filled, IMHO. (the TCM cyphernomicon, while admirable, is not really a FAQ imho..)
I am *not* advocating that (or rather, I say that we *should not*) vote on a FAQ writer, decide what is the *official* FAQ for the group if there are competing ones, bar or *discourage* some people from creating a FAQ, etc.
what I want to point out is that the FAQ is a model by which a very anarchic group of people can come to a definite document by
which they communicate their "findings" and their concerns, and
everything else that occupies their brains daily. this happens
through the FAQ writer as a conduit. in a sense, the FAQ writer
is the unappointed "spokesman" for the group. he wins approval
through the gradual process of people using the document and not
through any other means.
another alternative that actually seems to be enjoying some success
is for individual cypherpunks to issue press releases pertaining to their own specialty. i.e., "so-and-so at company X announced that
they would be doing so-and-so in conjunction with the cypherpunks".
again, how can anyone object to this if there really is no such
thing as a "cypherpunk group"? their press release certainly can't
be in conflict with something that doesn't exist.
the sword cuts both ways, although the rabid elements on this list would rather not admit it: if no one is a cypherpunk, if there is
no "official" goal or leader, if the term is not owned by anyone,
then anyone can define "cypherpunk" to be anything they want, and do anything they like under that title. as soon as you say, "well,
they're not a cypherpunk if so-and-so", well, your pretty much violating
your own premise: that there is no such thing as a "cypherpunks group"
or "official agenda".
it seems to me that the opposition to group organizing etc. in this
group is related to something else: the idea that the most valuable
conquests come from individual tinkerers who are not part of any
"group", who pursue their own ideas at the ignorance or hostility of
the rest of "society" (another cypherpunk 4-letter word, of course).
this is related to the idea of doing things in secret, too. "the most
valuable projects are those that are kept secret, pursued by only one
or a few, and then unleashed on the world all at once." these are interesting and enticing ideas, and I don't deny them to some degree
(there are many famous historical examples, such as arguably Tesla,
Ramanujan, Fermat, Archimedes, etc.), but it is also true, IMHO, that there are certain things that cannot be accomplished
without a certain degree of organization and cooperation among many
elements.. (well, again a cryptoanarchist heresy, but hell, I'm pretty
good at those). but fortunately a FAQ does not require the latter, although
it can benefit immensely from it (the sci.crypt FAQ has a group of
collaborating writers, as to many other FAQs).
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-09-29 16:27:27
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Web "places" and the media monsters 
below is an interesting excerpt from Boardwatch magazine, which I find
to be a good source for internet/web/BBS coverage. it talks about how
the Web, to continue its momentum, may evolve into something like
BBSes that give the sense of an online community..
also, I recently read a chapter from an upcoming book, I think it was
by Negroponte, and he pointed out how the web/gopher servers did not
really explode until the introduction of Mosaic and an *image* standard
was put into HTML. (to this I would add forms capability-- buttons, etc.)
This suggests that the success of the Web is really highly predicated
on the easy-to-use interface of Web browsers, and the nice visual presentation
given by images etc.  in other words, the "hypertext" capabilities, while
tremendous, were not necessarily the *key* factors in driving its use, but
when coupled with these other ingredients, really pushed it all "over the
this makes a lot of sense to me. the human being is very visually oriented
(large amounts of brain capacity are dedicated to processing images). I think
the days of computer programs as "lines of text scrolling up the screen" are
increasingly numbered because of this. the easy-to-use GUI will be the model
of most future software for a long time.
in addition to this, I would add that I suspect that as soon as web pages begin to convey a sense of community (as
mentioned in this column), through conferences etc., the growth of the web will increase even more dramatically.. I also continue to believe
that "groupware" will prove to be a very important aspect of future web
development.. (so I agree with TCM that isolated software packages that
do not really integrate with the web to do groupware are going to eventually
go extinct).
the thoughts in this column also tie in with the recent NYT Levy column
in which Levy pointed out how the internet is an entirely new medium
for broadcasting in which the individual has total freedom and egalitarianism that cannot be found in any other medium of the past, and that for this reason all the recent frenzied, slobbering  media mergers are actually "rearranging
the deck chairs on the titanic" (he credits J.Gilmore for this quote, who seems to have an amazing propensity for great soundbites). I agree with this wholeheartedly. the big media conglomerates are going to
be quite terrified when they eventually realize that the main thing they
are providing is a *distribution channel*, and that these very costly distribution channels are all obsoleted (sorry to verb that word ) by
the introduction of cyberspace for the masses. artists are free to try
to reach the audience in whatever means they see fit; they are no longer
dependent on the media machines to make a living. I have talked to various
musicians for example who find that they can create their own CDs through
individually contracting with various companies and make far more in profit than they can from going with record companies (who shave off enormous amounts of artist profit to feed the machine).
an amusing pink floyd song that has a biting satire of a record company executive. "the band is just fantastic!! that's really
what I think!! oh by the way, which one's pink?? oh, have you seen the charts?? everyone else is just green!! this could be made into a monster if we all pull together as a TEAM!!"
now, I don't believe this means the end of various artistic people
and occupations such as producers, directors, etc.  however the artist/writer/
whatever suddenly becomes the driving component, the centerpiece,
of the entire process. he has the ability to very discriminately decide
who he wishes to work "with" (not for!) and who will benefit from his own work and in what way. he is no longer a cog in the machine but in
fact the director and driving force of it all. he has the ability to
cut out the parasitical middleman like never before (I do think there
are many truly *beneficial* middlemen out there to help the artist flourish,
and the future will help separate the wheat from the chaff).
there are some things that very big companies give you, and one
of them is a very big budget. but if this is the only purpose of a big
company, than it can almost be seen just as a big investment firm or
capital generating machine. this machine will probably continue to exist but will be in an increasingly subservient role to how artists
wish to interact with it, IMHO. this can already be seen in how top
actors and directors are now setting their own terms like never before.
amazingly, as TCM noted in a recent post, industry pundits at one
point were actually saying that "hypertext is dead" a few years ago,
because no new developments had been made in it and the Ted Nelson
Xanadoodoo silliness had never gotten anywhere (despite major bucks
thrown at him-- one almost wonders if he set back hypertext, rather
than advanced it, but that's another story). this is the amazing
lack of vision that most people have about the future, about what consumers are really interested in, and you can see it again noted by Rickard below. at one point huge bucks were being thrown down prototype
projects to deliver news through the vertical-blank interval of the television
screen, and newspapers thought this would be the "information delivery
vehicle of the future". the service flopped. the lesson was not that
"hypertext is dead" or "online services are not profitable" (some of the
actual conclusions of industry analysts) but that this was not the exact
form that the public was interested in.
there is a difference that I have emphasized elsewhere about "interactive"
vs. "interconnective". the former would refer to a human interacting with
computer, like a CD rom game, or hypertext, or whatever. the latter refers
to humans interacting with other humans through cyberspace, more directly,
more viscerally: email, chat forums, communities, multiplayer games, etc.  the latter is the ingredient that is really driving the hyper cyberspatial renaissance, IMHO, and Rickard brings out this point below.  (the neat
thing about home pages is not so much that they are pretty and visually appealing, but that they are written by your friend Joe Schmoe next door,
and highly personalized, quirky and eccentric.)
for some of my own investment tips , if you want to invest in companies that understand where the future is going, invest in the ones that understand: 1. anyone should be able to publish on the network. no one (not government,
not media company, not internet provider, etc.) is authorized to
control others through allowing or denying access, charging exhorbitant
taxes, charging exhorbitant overhead, etc.  this is not merely a statement
of what is desirable, or my own wishful thinking, it's a basic future reality that is already largely formed at this moment. those who don't like it and
fight it will simple fail to be competitive and survive over the long run.
2. the content-providers will not have to pay much for the infrastructure
to provide their wares. in the past distribution and content could not
be separated, and those in control of the former could control the latter.
the two have been *cleaved* in the present and the future. the distribution
costs for "media" are going to become almost completely negligible in
the future. the distribution channels will involve cutthroat competition,
and enormous bandwidth for virtually free. 2.5 companies that understand this "cleaving" will prosper. companies
that are trying to combine content and delivery don't "get it" and will
probably split or die.
3. humans want to "interconnect" with other humans. pretty pages and
all that other stuff is great, but it doesn't create the insatiable enthusiasm
for being online that "interconnection" does. the future "killer apps"
will be increasingly "interconnective, not interactive".
4. increasingly, quality and true artistry will flourish. you will not be able to make a quick buck from crappy material. the public will be able to be very selective.  they might be able to buy individual songs from songwriters, individual essays from writers, etc. (through clicking on various web pages).
5. middlemen will become increasingly accountable for what kind of
value they are adding to the final product. they will not become obsolete,
but will have to justify their cut.  the artist will no longer have to
sell their soul just to get a record or writing in front of the public.
the artist will write their own ticket and set their own standards.
the exploitative aspects of the current media machine (which are quite
reprehensible and widespread, from what I can tell) are going to
be replaced with a "kinder, gentler" approach..
6. the days of a zillion people watching the same program or listening
to the same music are dead.  this is much lamented by the media monsters, because this was a big aspect driving their existence. this is not so much a "fragmentation of markets" but actually a "blossoming of
individuality". the net will continue to fragment artistic tastes. but
individuals will have little problem fulfilling their own tastes.
7. the paradox of all this is that when people are more free to pursue
that which interests them in particular, and they are not "homogenized
out of existence", the overall organism flourishes. there is nothing
to be lamenting in that a thousand people now do not listen to the same
music or read the same newspaper or whatever-- this is something to celebrate. it scares people like politicians, who derive much of their
power from "homogenization".. but thankfully this is another case where I think the future will separate the healthy from the lame, presuming
their is indeed a distinction in this case as you can see, a lot of these points, which may seem pretty obvious to a lot of people here, are fundamentally not understood by today's preening
media magnates (which, perhaps, are the entities that *will* become extinct). but it's just fine to let them go on their merry way, you know what they say about fools and money.
I don't really have any idea, really, where the massive media mergers are
going to go. I certainly am not saying they are going to disappear overnight.
one possibility, as I mentioned, is that they would tend to
become just huge, competing capital providers. they might turn into sort
of "artistic communities", each with a different flavor. if they are going
to die, though, the eclipse will certainly be messy as these big monsters
go down kicking and screaming, realizing that the delicious lunch they
were salivating after was actually sinking in a tar pit.
Webwatch column
by editor Jack Rickard
The World Wide Web has deservedly captured the imagination of the online
world. It displays both extraordinary connectivity, in that you can
literally hop across continents by clicking the mouse, and a very
visually appealing  graphical interface. And it probably goes
beyond that with the use of audio, videoclips, and more. But it is
destined to die in its current form.
Through the entire history of the online community, there has
been an urge to create pretty screens, have them blessed by lawyers,
and presented online for the consumption of the masses, who in theory
will each pay a little bit of coin of the realm for the privilege.
Literally hundreds of millions of dollars drained into
this rathole fantasy before those who created online
services began observing what people *wanted* to do online. Visually appealing screens are alway a novelty. But after the novelty wears
off, the callers move on. Knight-Ridder provided the most grisly example of this with their failed VIEWTRON service. But they
weren't alone.
Currently the World Wide Web is in a nearly pure fad phase entirely based on novelty. Amost every site you visit has something new and
stunning to offer by way of screen design tricks. But after clicking
through the thousands of sites available for a few weeks, almost
everyone tires of the game and starts looking for a home. Since most
of what the web can do is present information via eye-candy screens, they rarely find one. So they are back to newsgroups and e-mail to keep them
This is not entirely apparent today. The flood of new callers just gaining access is  immense. And according to an NTIA study just released, by the
end of 1995, nearly half of the population online will have just
arrived in 1995. But at some point, webulosis, a hardening of the
web, could set in.
We don't actually think it will happen. There is enough in the combination
of novelty and new blood to keep this in the air for some months.
And that may be all that is needed. But for the web to grow beyond
pretty screens, bulletin boards or something very like bulletin boards must migrate to the Web and make it truly useful. In other words, web
sites must evolve into "places" where there are "people" if they
are to continue to be relevent beyond specialty publishing. So our theory is that the Web is going to change into a series of bulletin
boards. And bulletin boards, conversely, are going to migrate to the
web with all the caller management, local message conferences, and sense of
"place" that entails.
[the article goes on to mention the Whole Earth 'Lectronic Link as a
living embodiment of this trend, see --Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-10-27 09:46:13
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: newsweek oct 30 Levy digital cash article 
a slick article by Steven Levy appears in the oct 30 Newsweek
mag (cover Farrakhan).
I'll let the ILF post it, but here are a few of the - covers mark twain bank going live with Chaumian "e-money"
- also a sidebar on Mondex..
- 1st virtual mentioned
- Bruce Sterlings "heavy weather" e-money dystopia
- Netscape flaw as example of the stakes
- US government get into the act?
- privacy concerns (EPIC Rotenberg quoted)
- "tax may be voluntary" --Barlow
- FinCEN worried about drug money
I didn't find any obvious errors or overhyped paranoia, so I commend
Levy on the article. it can be seen as a definite cypherpunk cap-feather.
Levy is doing a really great job IMHO. an editorial in an earlier issue
of newsweek about Rimm and pornography in cyberspace was dead bang on..
p.s. I'm very curious about the "information security" reference that
someone gave earlier, has there been any more information here about
that one?
also, my question about whether one loses the downloaded Chaumian bucks
if one's hard drive crashes was answered in the affirmative by Levy.
hoo boy, I think this could become one of the worst new urban legends
about losing money due to failed hardware/software. there is going to
be a lot of paranoia about this item. I'll bet virtually all digital
buck schemes will have to explicitly answer this question to a paranoid public: what happens if my computer crashes?
part of my motivation for querying about losing cash due to a hardware
failure was based on an interest in showing how the really "soft"
system of credit card purchasing that we have now, while considered lame by a lot of cypherpunks, often protects the consumer. remember,
Jane Sixpack is frequently locking her keys in a car. ecash that
can be lost or stolen just like real cash may not be as attractive
as say a credit card system whereby one can sometimes call up the
company and say afterwards, "I didn't really mean that".
cypherpunks should consider that one of the key things we think is
the strength of ecash--namely privacy-- may be a key area the
opposition to untracable cash transactions can tout as a weakness or
it seems to me that the very techniques that tends to enhance privacy also
tend to make the spending "more dangerous" in the sense that one
cannot backpedal or one can lose it, irretrievably, more easily.
for a public with the IQ of Joe and Jane Sixpack, this could be a serious concern. identification is key to helping people retrieve
lost or stolen checks, etc.
"have you ever locked your keys in your car? don't use digital ecash.
you might lose it and never get it back."
I suggest that Chaum definitely consider this a major aspect in his
marketing campaign. it could be a very serious soft spot in widespread
public acceptance of ecash. rumors could float, "ecash is dangerous
to the consumer". hopefully we can head this one off at the pass.
imho, the future will never see complete digital cash, or complete
identification. they are likely to mix a lot. however I think ecash
may become very respectable, and ultimately become far more common
than identified transactions are today.
but its really amazing how no serious alarm flags have been going off
in the legislative arena about digital cash. I suspect this is going
to become a white-hot public policy issue. if you thought the fights
over terrorism, wiretapping, or pornography laws were messy, just
wait until legislators pinpoint digital cash as the horseman of
the infocalypse. fireworks will fly. may you survive interesting times.

@_date: 1995-10-28 06:02:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: newsweek oct 30 Levy digital cash article 
you apparently didn't notice but there were some other posts on this
list about writing down the random seed that a person used to generate
the cash, and then being able to restore the cash somehow based on knowing
the random seed, however privacy is sacrified in this case apparently.
this with the Chaumian implementation, from what I understood.
if this is true, I wanted to point out in my post that this is a property
that real cash does not have. you cannot ever say to your bank from which
you withdrew cash, "oops, I lost a piece, could you replace it? also, if
someone spends the piece that I lost, tell them they can't?"
how would the bank handle a situation in which the consumer says, "oops,
my hard drive was compromised. all of the following cash was NOT spent
by me." notice this is precisely what happens with stolen credit cards today
all the time. the bank, if it was real cash, would have to say, "sorry,
you're out of luck. it's your responsibility to keep your cash secret".
or, the bank might say, "oh, well, that cash was not spent yet. we can issue
a replacement and bar the cash from being spent". this idea of "replacing"
cash is of course unique to the electronic realm. if the bank does it,
the consumer would be required to notify the bank before the cash is spent, again another unusual property unique to e-cash.
I would suggest to all companies developing e-cash that they print up
a carefully designed FAQ in which their cash properties are compared directly with parallel
properties of credit cards such as like the item above, because the
consumer is of course very familiar with credit cards. (this will be very
crucial for longterm customer education and acceptance imho. otherwise
the customer may make assumptions like, "since the cash comes on a card
it behaves like a credit card", etc.)
I would like to see someone elucidate what happens with lost Chaumian cash
in a detailed post (the oneliners I saw so far don't address the complexity and seriousness of this issue. this is a really significant issue with digital cash IMHO that will become very obvious once people who were used to the "mushiness" of credit card transactions switch to cash).
there seem to be many caveats with this "restoration".
one immediate problem I can imagine: the recent netscape bug showed
very well that a short random number generation process can be hacked.
so in other words, if the random numbers are short enough to write down,
it makes me wonder about the security of the cash generated from this
yes, it is clearly an emotional issue. the problem with a lot of technology
is that people are very emotional and irrational, and hyperactively so when it
comes to spending money. all marketing campaigns are designed to capitalize on this. various competitors can be tainted merely by
cheap psychological ploys that have no basis in fact. (the back and
forth between AT&T, MCI and Sprint and other competitors is an example
of the endless mudslinging, marginally based on reality, that can ensue.)
as I wrote in my earlier post, the key is to let people know of the weaknesses
in the product ahead of time so they are prepared. and the analogies that
you offer are precisely the kind the company can give to the customer to
make them feel more comfortable that "this stuff is more convenient than
real cash and not really any more dangerous". it's critical that they do
so ahead of time however, before the customer gets zapped by his own naivete.
that's exactly the issue I tried to raise in my post, unfortunately perhaps in
not the crisp way you do here. (of course, you're the one that makes a living
off your prose, heh.)
one can see advertising as a kind of yin/yang game. you have to imagine
that if your competitor says, "gosh, you could lose cash with so-and-so's
system", you can always reply "yes, but you retain privacy-- can you do
that with so-and-so's system"?  digital cash is not a panacea. it is
in fact a design compromise that simply applies more importance to
various aspects of transaction capabilities: ease of use, privacy, etc.
checks and cash are at two ends of the economic transaction spectrum.
in contrast to other cypherpunks I don't really see either as intrinsically
superior to the other. many businesses may *never* end up using digital
cash in certain transactions (i.e. with other companies, not individual
buyers) for traceability reasons. it seems to me
there are many agreements in which hiding the identity of one or both
parties is simply intrinsically unacceptable to both, and no amount of
handwaving smoke-and-mirrors appeals to magic "reputation agencies" will
completely alleviate this.
so my bottom line is that I think digital cash is going to become a
very, very important part of the future economic ecology, but it will
coexist with other methods. it may very well become the dominant method,
but I suspect there will be significant areas of commerce that actively
resist digital cash technology out of the preferences of all parties.
something the hardcore cypherpunks in general fail to consider, that was brought out in a great article in the WSJ about the counterfeit $100 superbills circulating:
the cash aspects of the global economy are negligible in comparison to
"identified" transactions such as through credit and checks. (hence the
treasury's lukewarm approach to stopping counterfeiting, which scares
the willies out of me personally). there is absolutely an *enormous*
dedication to "identified" transactions in the world today, and cypherpunks
seem to me to be somewhat misguided in the ways they exalt cash.
it is true that cash is the medium of choice for the individual, but the
vast majority of economic transactions are *not* made by the individual
in virtually any civilized society. digital cash may change this slightly,
but not significantly, I suspect. businesses exchange money as part of
complex agreements and contracts in which liability is a key ingredient.
liability is an exceedingly problematic issue with digital cash. if anyone
is going to create a widespread cash economy based on total anonymity
they have an uphill battle easily far more difficult than Chaum has
encountered so far. (remember Chaum only implements "semi-anonymity", anonymity on payer side but not payee side).
anyway, congrats on the fine article SL. you get my "honorary cypherpunk of the week" award for the article

@_date: 1995-10-28 07:30:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: groupware position available in Boston 
I recently got word of an interesting groupware development position
in Boston that someone here may be able to benefit from. feel free
to pass on this info.
(contrary to some here who are not impressed with groupware application
potential, in my estimation groupware is soon going be a key "killer app" in cyberspace, perhaps the "next" one after Netscape, driving key technological advancement in network & software development...  in my
opinion virtually every significant and valuable aspect of the internet
can be boiled down into a subset of the functions of groupware.)
We are starting a company called Emergent
Systems and are looking for technical partners to help turn our vision into
We're developing a meta-groupware application that seeks to accelerate the
learning of a workgroup. Called a Discovery Acceleration System, the idea
is to use a text engine to synthesize the collective email dialogue
(voicemail later) of a workgroup into its core concepts (Concept Map) that
can be visualized, hypertext linked to related information sources, and
used as a prioritizer of unsolicited email based on conceptual relevance.
Just as knowledge is born of chaos, this Concept Map emerges from the
workgroup's daily interaction--as opposed to being externally defined by a
static knowledge base.
In a dynamic sense, since the Concept Map is used as a distributed Linker
and Lens between workgroups, it also enables a system of interaction to
emerge at the organizational level.
We are looking for someone with software development experience, and
interest in information retreival, data visualization, groupware, or
messaging systems. Since most of the components of this system are
commercially available, integration is more important than theoretical
development.  Also, a desire to be part of a start-up effort is a must.
If you or anyone you know might be
interested, please email a resume and description of interest.  Thanks for
your time.
Mike Hren
Emergent Systems, Inc.

@_date: 1995-10-29 02:05:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: newsweek oct 30 Levy digital cash article 
point well taken, but I thought the original poster stated that one
had to reveal the blinding factors to the bank, which I interpreted
as "sacrificing" anonymity.
frankly, I didn't understand that whole procedure and that's why I
asked someone to go into detail about this very important aspect
of the cash beyond the 3 liners or so I have seen.

@_date: 1995-10-09 14:56:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: java security & the cypherpunk agenda 
once again I will offer a contrary view, and once again to PM. PM predicts that serious (unfixable?) bugs will be found in Java on the level of what was recently identified in Netscape. I disagree.
I am not intimately familiar with Java (nor, obviously, is PM), but I know Java was designed from the ground up to be secure on every platform
it is running on. in contrast to most OSes, the whole theory of Java
is based on creating a totally secure, unbreakable programming environment. most OSes start out with the idea, "what is an application?
how does the OS handle it? how does the OS permit file I/O etc.?"
Java starts out with the idea, "what operations can be allowed without
compromising security but still allowing algorithms"?
the software will succeed or fail in its aims on how
well it accomplishes the criteria of unbreakable security.. I suspect it is eventually going to be considered more secure than many OS's out there that it runs on (even unix). (and Java may eventually
evolve to become an integral part of future OS security apparatuses).
one thing that people don't seem to realize: Java was clearly engineered
to be a language that would allow "cycle sales" over cyberspace. in other words, how can companies lease out unused cycles to the world
just like power companies sell off their extra watt-hours to adjacent
cities? a secure language is the critical piece, and the Java designers
were clearly aiming for this remarkable and commendable accomplishment.
someday, even conservative companies such as IBM may agree that the security of Java is so great (and so widely well-proven as rock solid)
that they will lease out their unused, nighttime CPU cycles to Java applications and interested buyers, because they can be sure
that there is just no way to sabotage a system no matter how ingenious
you are..
PM tends to suggest that any language or computing environment
with a certain degree of complexity simply cannot be made secure.
I generally agree with this. however I suspect that Java is beneath
this complexity cutoff.
I do agree with other cypherpunks however that focusing cpunk attentions
on breaking Java is a highly worthwile activity. Java is an extremely
promising development and I fully suspect it will become something
of the first widespread "cyberspatial programming language". in
another message I talked about how companies such as Netscape may
not become so security conscious themselves but work with other
companies who are security paranoid and try to successfully integrate
their applications. Java is the prime candidate for this. and I am willing to bet the Java engineers have seen every security trick in the book (many I suspect perhaps even PM in his own paranoia and obsession is not
aware of) and can demonstrate how Java, at least if implemented bug-free,
defeats *all* of them and can virtually be proven secure.
now, that little catchword "bug-free" I put in the last sentence is
something that everyone here can jump on. "it might be possible to create a secure language *in*theory*" say the naysayers, "but in practice it will always have bugs that can break it." well, I think
if anything will go beyond this weakness, Java has the best chance.
and the above argument sounds suspiciously like, "no software can really
accomplish exactly what it sets out to, because it will have bugs".
sure, Word and Excel both have bugs, but they do not defeat the primary
design. and this argument, "you cannot implement perfect software" is
more of a complaint against human psychology than against a group who
is trying to implement a theoretically secure programming environment.
(perhaps they should use the qualification, "java is the first secure
programming language, in theory; in practice YMMV ").
I think we should be careful to make this distinction. there is
a lot of software that is not even theoretically secure, and there
is some software that tries to be secure but is not due to implementation
difficulties. the latter should not really be our concern so much.
we are not here to try to prevent programming errors (i.e., not correctly translating a correct design into code) so much as to try to get companies to write software, that if written properly,
is secure. (it seems to me this is the logical first step, and then
then next step is trying to break the code that seeks to be secure
and flame the eyebrows off its designers, as has been done here
recently , but unless one first has a good hammer, one does not
care about faulty nails..)
I was talking to a press reporter and he asked if the cpunks had gone
into some sort of new phase in which they were becoming something
like the policemen of cyberspace. I said that they had not really changed
in their goals much at all, it's more that the software that cpunks
have fantasized about for years is now starting to materialize, and there
is now something concrete to focus energies on. Netscape is a good example, and Java is another example. I think if I had talked about
Java a few years ago on this list, and about who invented it (Sun),
what it was designed to do, etc., people here would be delirious with
excitement. instead, there is a bit of cynicism here that is a bit
surprising to me. if there ever was a "cpunk language" that seeks to achieve
widespread, home-grown, secure algorithms in cyberspace, I would consider this this closest.
I highly recommend cpunks pay close attention to Java and help in its development, because imho it really has been conceived largely with key
cpunk agenda items as basic design criteria.
I suspect it is going to become a very strong standard and eventually
recognized as one of the most secure pieces of software ever designed, at least in regards to theoretical capabilities.
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-10-13 11:42:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: proposal: "security spectrum scale" (SSS) 
regarding the recent Markoff NYT article on NFS weaknesses, I agree
it seemed to be overblown. but in fact I have been betting that feeling
from *all* the recent articles on the netscape bugs etc (egad, am I
mistaken, or whas there front page NYT coverage for a *buffer*overflow*?
at least there was for a single *poorly generated random seed*!!). for example, in another, the fact that netscape had a buffer overflow in URLs
was translated by a reporter into "a similar bug was used by Robert
Morris in the infamous worm that infected the entire internet a few
years ago" or something similar.
it seems to me what is lacking in all this is a *security spectrum*.
unfortunately security experts sometimes have a tendency to equate
*any* security weakness with a catastrophic one. while this is a good
approach in general, i.e. to be as conservative as possible, in practice there can be no doubt that some security weaknesses are far
less severe than others.
if the security *experts* conflate the issue of the *severity* of
a security breach (and I see this happening all the time on this
list), there is little surprise that reporters aren't
figuring it out either. some of the really obvious example of the kinds of
differences in security that are being conflated: client vs. server
problems (server problems are far worse of course; the netscape bugs
were mostly *client* problems), subnet vs. overall network problems, bugs
that allow people to merely crash a system vs. submit arbitary
code, etc.
to aid this serious problem, I propose the creation of a UNIFIED SECURITY SPECTRUM RANKING.
this would be a list of all the different types of security weaknesses
a system can have, and their LEVEL OF SEVERITY. it would attempt to rank every type of security breach possible. then, when a new
security weakness is discovered, it could be ranked A1 or B5 or C6
or whatever. this would be a sort of technological "richter scale"
that would allow the novice to immediately understand that a given
bug that was recently discovered (say, the recent netscape bugs)
was, say, not really as potentially severe as the Morris worm.
a press article might say something like,  "the recent netscape
bug was ranked a B5 on the security scale by experts. this means that an unauthorized intruder could break client software. the bug could
potentially be as serious as A3, meaning that arbitrary code could
be submitted. the other bug was classed B3, because it allows the
detector to grab unauthorized data, but still be detected in doing so." I think it is pretty obvious how much of a positive effect this could
have in quantifying and tracking and publicizing new bugs. it might
make it impossible for a reporter to give an improperly alarmist
position. for example, no one would take seriously an article that
gets excited about a 3.6 richter scale earthquake. similarly, the
reader might be able to draw his own conclusions if we came up with
a sufficiently universal scale and it is widely used in articles.
furthermore, this scale would tend to help the reporter/editor immediately know
if a given bug report is newsworthy (if they continue to enthusiastically
report bugs, although I wonder if this is a fad that may die out).
and ultimately it might really help the issue of "proper attention
to bugs". the public is getting a scare story for almost every new
bug, and this is just not appropriate. to use my tired analogy, it is
like the media putting every dinky earthquake item on page 1.
another idea behind the rating: it might be a sort of matrix format,
such as "a-6-alpha" where each of the elements indicates some kind
of independent factor. for example the "a" might mean "client side",
the "6" might mean "crash only", the "alpha" might mean "breach
cannot be detected after the fact". however it shouldn't be so
complicated that the novice can't immediately determine which of
two rankings is more severe.
now, I am really rather surprised that no such scale appears to exist currently. I highly suspect the NSA probably has a system for
this but unfortunately it is not being used by CERT or anyone else
that I know of. if anyone does know of this kind of "security spectrum",
I think our cause of trying to improve software security would be
furthered immensely if whenever reporters call about bugs, the scale
factor could be consistently and uniformly used in association with trying to describe the severity of the bug.
I am willing to work on a beta version of this "security spectrum"
if there is sufficient interest. it certainly seems like a far better and worthwhile investment of time than, say, "the geek code", the latter of which
is already highly developed!! I don't really consider myself the best qualified in terms of experience but sometimes if you want something done, you
have to do it yourself.
however, if we do this, I hope that a good scale that is pretty general
and doesn't need extensions can be done from the start, before its widespread
usage, so that later changes do not confuse users. there is already confusion in the media about two slightly different richter scales, this
is a pity. another neat perq: if the cypherpunks come up with a good scale, it
could be a tremendous positive publicity tool. "today experts discovered
a bug in -x- that rated a -y- on the CSSS (Cypherpunk Security Spectrum Scale)"
generally, regarding cypherpunk priorities, I think the "media can be made our friend", but we just have to learn how to be more meticulous and careful in our interactions with them. in general I don't really think
a lot of the misreporting going on is the fault of the reporters involved.
it's not surprising they get their stories mixed up, when, IMHO, even
the "experts" they quote aren't particularly polished and don't really have their act fully together (or at least, tend to misrepresent the problems
from the beginning).
(most of the last Markoff article imho can just be chalked up to, "two prestigious graduate students who discovered something significant recently wrote a message warning about another significant security problem."  it shows
how absolutely critical it is to be careful what you say once you have
built up a bit of a reputation.  these two grad students are now being
watched as the Chicken Little's of Cyberspace by the media, unfairly
or not. be careful about wishing about fame, or anything else!! you might
get it!! makes me a bit nervous about causes *I* have promoted in the distant past.)
--Vlad Nuri

@_date: 1995-10-16 14:40:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The NSA Visits Compendium 
re: "Men In Black Study"
I think this is a really excellent project, for the main reason that
the NSA lives and dies by a "nobody is noticing" modus operandii (relative
congressmen, the public, companies, foreign governments, etc.). it
is a sort of "security through obscurity" that can be defeated.  this
has been a topic that has long fascinated me.
I suggest however that the scope of the survey be expanded to the FBI.
there are reports the FBI visited Lotus a long time ago to ask them
to put in a "back door" into their encryption software, because it
was too strong. it seems to me this is very similar to the survey
questions. also keep in mind that the NSA loves to use "front agencies"
like NIST to do their dirty work. so it might be hard to detect an
"NSA visit".
however the NSA like all intelligence agencies is really brilliant in
intimidation. I think one would find that these situations are going
to go "unreported" because the NSA may be leaving the impression that
"not following our suggestion" is one sin, but that "screaming about
this in the public" is going to be another liability. that is the coercion
tactics that they are legendary for, IMHO. "you must do this, but we
can't tell you why. you can't ask anyone else about this, either".
I suspect that the entire crypto industry has been sabotaged in a lot
of subtle ways by the NSA doing this, and nobody is the wiser. I hope
people realize that by not reporting this, you contribute to the problem,
not the solution. as Thomas Paine said, roughly, "the power of tyranny
lies solely in the fear of rebellion".
a study on this would be very significant. (from what I understand, the NSA
tried to do this with public key crypto, i.e. suppress it at the
publication stage. a professor gave a lecture on this in one of my
classes and said that it was even covered in the NYT at the time.
unfortunately I lost the date. I believe it was a long time ago
(maybe the 80's or even the 70's). hopefully someone else has an
encyclopedic brain.
in fact, we might be able to get Levy or Markoff to write on this subject
if we can get any significant results.  that would be *hot*. they could
put a great spin on it, like "the netscape bugs are a problem, but an
even more horrifying and unimaginable thing going on is..."  if the NSA
has visited Netscape, that's virtually an article right there!!
a rumor was floating around that they visited Mosaic designers.
probably just the insinuation that they may be liable. you know the lovely
intimidation tactic, "what you are doing may have LIABILITY". of course
everyone does all kinds of ridiculous things, because, after all, one
might be LIABLE after doing them.
it is in the NSA's interest to cover up any evidence, and furthermore to
suggest that their program, if it exists, is totally ineffective. I think
otherwise. I think it is prime dirty secret of the NSA and a major
public relations liability that ought to be exploited to the utter,
full extent by cypherpunks.
[Blaze etc.]
however it may be more effective with commercial companies worried about
liability. sometimes the slightest whiff of liability sends a company
screaming for cover and not touch an entire area with a ten foot pole.
I wonder if cellular phone encryption in the US has been delayed for this reason.
unfortunately, whenever someone says, "don't name my company", it loses
effectiveness. I would like to point out that people are directly contributing
to their erosion of rights by this behavior that suggests that they
doing something lawbreaking that they are ashamed of.
well, good luck with the study. I'll do what I can to publicize it

@_date: 1995-10-16 14:33:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: proposal: "security spectrum scale" (SSS) 
I gave some examples in the initial message. the rating would not
be overly sophisticated, but would cover situations where it is pretty obvious which is more insecure than something else. for example
submitting arbitrary code is far worse than merely crashing a server.
or, messing up a client is generally less severe than
crashing a server (which potentially affects a lot more people).
being able to do something *undetected* is
much worse than being detected (during or after the fact). viruses are pretty much worse than stuff that can't repropagate
itself, etc.
an example of this is that one article compared netscape
buffer overflows to the Morris internet worm. this was pretty
obviously way out of line IMHO.
well, this would be a ranking for the general public to help them
understand security problems, so yes, I think it would generally
apply to commercial or internet type environments.
the orange book rating is a reasonable start as you mention. also,
thanks for the paper reference. actually what I am hoping is that
someone from, say, CERT picks up the idea and uses it in their
security bulletins. this would be a good place to bootstrap it
into security consciousness.
I disagree. this rating would apply to potential problems. a virus is
a very serious matter regardless of anti-virus protection software.
but you raise a good point in that the same bug could have different
seriousness in different environments (say one where the virus checking
is good). that's more complexity than the rating would try to address,
I would imagine.
my example would be the recent netscape bug. an article might say
the bug was rated G2 on some systems, and say it could be potentially
as bad as A6 on some operating systems. "for comparison, the internet
worm was ranked A2".
the rating would only apply to flaws. if you have more than one flaw,
a different rating would apply to each flaw. what you are showing is
that again, system configuration could make the same flaw much worse
on one system than another. I don't deny, this is a very tricky
rating scheme. it is only meant to be general however and give the
public an idea of how bad a weakness is. the security rating would not be particularly useful to security experts,
other than giving a rough idea of the potential severity of the problem.
again I still believe that
major security categories are being conflated to the point that it
might sound, to Joe Sixpack, that the latest netscape bug could bring
down the entire internet. this gross misperception is easily rectified.
I find this kind of alarmism very counterproductive to improving the internet. the internet will not gain widespread acceptance if
there is a *perception* that it is unsafe (regardless of how solid it really is). this rating would be an attempt to help the
public understand security issues beyond a very rocky level of
granularity. if something is not done to help convey accurate information,
a void occurs and potentially "urban myths" such as "the internet steals your credit cards" would tend to

@_date: 1995-10-22 22:06:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Chaum's cash: backup? 
(I congratulate Chaum on his ecash trial. this is a milestone.)
the recent Chaum press release and information says that cash is
"downloaded" to your local computer. here is my question: of course, I'm sure they have some kind of
a backup system. would someone care to comment on it? say I download $1000 to my hard drive and it crashes. what to do?
if it was like "real" cash, then it really would be lost.
if it wasn't like real cash, and the bank was actually tracking
it, then they could determine whether it had been "spent" so far
or prohibit someone from "cashing it in" like a hold on a check.

@_date: 1995-11-06 17:04:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: on topic!! 
PM and TCM frequently debate about what is relevant on this list.
I have sometimes commented on this.
in fact PM's conservative stance to relevance, and TCM's more liberal
one, and the tension between the two goes back to list origins.
this is a highly inflammable topic, and I am surely going to get my
eyebrows toasted for saying *anything*, however I would like to say a few things:
if there were two key elements here, these conversations would probably
largely go away (instead of continually reappear)
- an unambiguous charter
- an active moderator
unfortunately I suspect that a moderator does exist but he "prefers
to remain anonymous" ("pseudonymous"?). imho that is precisely how *not* to succeed as a moderator.
PM and TCM are indeed filling a genuine vacuum. when the moderator is AWOL, pseudomoderators fight each other.
(oops, the whole idea of a moderator is just not anarchic enough. well, then
I suggest everyone just enjoy these repeated, endless displays of public
bile and hostility as the basic modus operandii of people who embrace the
glory of anarchy. anarchy in action!! but it is more fun to deny them
as total delusions and effects entirely attributable to one's enemies..)
also, another frequent split on this list is of politics vs. coding.
frankly I think just having two lists, one dedicated to "cypherpunk
politics", the other dedicated to "cypherpunk technicality", would
solve most problems.
and finally again I suggest as I have in the past that no one other
than the moderator really has any authority to say what is or is not relevant. and if you see someone say what is, take it with a grain
of salt, or ignore it if you like.
a major problem is people defending themselves when they are attacked
by someone who says "that's not relevant!!". the problem is the perception
of the loss of face. otherwise, what's the point? this is an interesting psychological effect that I have observed even when people use pseudonyms. it seems it is deeply ingrained into human behavior. this
list is in fact imho a hotbed of psychological displays. the machismo
factor is pretty thick and deep at times too.
to all this I suggest one consider the idea that "criticism by a bonehead is as flattering as praise from a genius".
(hee, hee)
for those who absolutely cannot refrain from trying to yell at other
people about relevant postings (judging by the mail, a rather significant
percentage) I suggest you quote the *charter* whenever you do so, to
demostrate whatever authority it is you think you have.
anyone who needs moderator lessons should take them from S.Sandfort,
an ex teacher who runs cypherpunk meetings involving a lot of childhood
psychologies as effectively as humanly possible, IMHO.
p.s. it appears to me the entrance requirements for cypherpunk membership
are to have a 150 IQ and a 75 *EQ*. and that all the arguing and hostility
comes from the more uninhibited pathological cases of these people.
one could in fact have great fun impersonating someone with a grotesquely low EQ on this list and create a tremendous reaction
among all the people with equally low EQs, responding to the bait
with the same intelligence a fish attacks a wiggling worm.
it would be "evolution in action", imho.
(hee, hee.)

@_date: 1995-11-07 12:49:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: "The Policeman Inside" 
good lord!! a kindler, gentler TCM!! a closet socialist!!
this does NOT sound like something I would read from the founder of
what is cyberspace coming to?

@_date: 1995-11-10 08:03:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Gingrich, "crypto coalition" & dysfunctional philosophy 
a short comment on Gingrich: I think he is one of the few politicians with
balls enough to make tough choices such as budget cutting. of course people
detest someone like him. he has horrible approval ratings in the single
digits. people would rather have politicians lie to them that no tough choices are necessary in the future, or that if any are, all the grandmothers in the country will be conviently exempted. I don't see Gingrich at all as an opportunist in the sense of Clinton, i.e. someone who has no intrinsic moral compass
that governs his decisions and positions on issues. to the contrary Gingrich
has definite convictions on various issues. he is willing to compromise
on them frequently to get a consensus, however.
but my main point in writing was that I thought I would highlight this phrase given to us by A.Nonymous: the "crypto coalition".
or it might be called the "computer coalition". I think I see a few
faint glimmerings of a new political movement, potentially.
the recent Washington Times editorial on the Exon pornography law,
encryption, and the superiority of allowing people to develop tools
to screen what they don't want to so, could be considered a
portrayal of some of the key philosophies.
its very interesting to contemplate that the online crowd could become
a more well-organized political coalition that has influence in politics.
its clear to me this is happening weakly and informally at the moment.
(i.e. people on the internet having similar philosophies, hence voting
with the same aims, although not organizing to do so yet).
a key ingredient I see working against this:
the "coalition" has a lot of libertarian sentiments, and libertarians
tend to be anti-government and almost disdainful of even participating
in politics.
one might differentiate between cybernauts who are interested in reforming
our government and using the Net as a tool to do so, such as Jim Warren, and
people at the opposite end of the spectrum of "participation" such as
TCM, who seem to advocate that political battles be simply rejected
or ignored as irrelevant to the future of "cryptoanarchy". (although recent noises of his I quoted were distinctly uncharacteristic.)
if anyone is going to have influence in politics, it would be the former
type. but at least in the places in cyberspace where I hang out, I tend
to see more of the latter type: extremist libertarians who almost seem
to suggest that government is inherently unclean and dirty, no matter
what form it takes. I think these are the types that would hate a
government and advocate disenfranchisement with it no matter what direction it took, even if a libertarian was
elected to a powerful office. (its an interesting question to contemplate).
it seems to me to be largely a philosophy of alienation bordering
on nihilism.
now, I have been trashed in public for this position before, but the
philosophy of "us vs. them" applied to government in my opinion is the
wrong paradigm and only contributing to the problems, imho. an organized
"cyberspace coalition" could have tremendous political power to the point
that all the key annoying laws (such as the Itar etc.) actually become
election issues brought into mainstream consciousness. the editorials
I have seen about the Exon amendment etc. are steps in those directions.
I've seen TCM argue on this list against this, such that we should just
give up on telling congress what is important to us etc.  it was a position
that was not unanimous, and in fact quite controversial however, and remarkably PM once argued against it. (heh. love the fireworks on this list.
they are quite unpredictable at times).
I'm all for replacing a dysfunctional government. but people here seem
to advocate that this happens automatically when one has certain there is a whole other approach to "cryptoanarchy" that no one here
has ever suggested, but which could be tremendously effective: "infiltrate"
political positions with people sympathetic to that philosophy, and work
to change the entire structure toward it. "infiltrate" is a scary word,
but IMHO nothing any different than demopublicans appointing demopublicans
to office would be going on.
a very interesting, key quote by someone here went to the effect: "if
TCM is right, nothing the government does matters. if TCM is wrong, nothing we do matters". a fascinating psychological justification for
a sort of nihilism. but at the root of it is a kind of laziness and
hostility to organization or groups in any form, IMHO.
in fact the libertarian extremists here seem not only to hate government,
they seem to hate the whole idea of groups accomplishing things, about
the idea of groups coming to consensus. this is a quite remarkably
cynical ideology.
I'm going to make a prediction: I think the people who are interested
in organizing the "cyberspace coalition" are starting to come together
right now, and that over the long run, this entity will be far more
beneficial in advancing a better reality through cyberspatial technology
than all the people who advocate disillusion, antagonism, resentment, and nonparticipation in groups and government, to the point the latter approach will be generally discredited. in other words, we have a powerful system that can be changed from the inside instead of abandoning it. at the moment, I've not seen any proof that a dedicated group couldn't reform it from
the inside, only a lot of cynical conventional wisdom that such a thing
is inherently impossible and useless to try.
the comment I quoted displays the conventional wisdom on this list, that the encryption issue is "us vs. them", "people vs. the government",
etc.  what would A.Nonymous say if someone who was elected began to embrace the position that encryption is a right? I'm sure he would find
some new reason to be disillusioned with government. that's the position
of radical libertarians. no matter what form government takes, no matter
who is driving it, they hate it. the first lesson for radical libertarians bordering on anarchists that love this list is not that Oppressive Government is  the problem, but that Government Is Always Bogus. a rather infantile philosophy that reminds
me of the way children defy authority or structure merely because it
is an authority or a structure, not because of any particular disagreements
they have with the underlying philosophy it expresses. (or rather, they
manufacture the disagreement with the philosophy as required, such that
the reasoning is, if an authority stands for [x], then I am against [x], and
against that authority).
and this is precisely the dysfunctional
philosophy to life I am referring to that I think will be discredited in the long run as intellectually vacuous and actual counterproductive to
any kind of progress.
from what I have seen of Gingrich, he might be a potential leader of this
kind of "computer coalition". he is the congressman who has taken stands
on encryption issues and other key cyberspace issues that seem to suggest
an internal awareness of constitutional rights superseding momentarily-
politically-fashionable government legislative whims. of course I'm
putting on my flameproof longjohns as I say that.

@_date: 1995-11-10 08:33:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: the revolution of microcurrency 
the topic of "microcurrency" has come up on this list before and
is reappearing with considerations being given to small charges
for Web pages. I've been thinking about this a bit and thought I'd
share some interesting ideas. (YMMV!!)
1st, there was a really excellent article on microcurrency in the
Economist I believe that was really touting it as a revolutionary
change in the economy. I agree with this wholeheartedly. the possibility
that people can
- exchange extremely small amounts of cash without the cost of overhead - and virtually instaneously, - over large geographical distances, - potentially even seamlessly with regard to different currency exchanges, - and a large infrastructure exists to distribute intellectual property for   free,
- (possibly invisibly to governments)
will all contribute to a REVOLUTIONARY effect on culture.
my key idea on all of this is that the whole idea of copyright
is going to melt when you introduce cash, not be strengthened. there
are a lot of people out there who think that one has to try to put
a lock and chain on web pages or whatever that one is "selling", and the horrible problem of the net is that anything can be copied.
and these people are feverishly working on specious "solutions" to this "problem" right now.
this is precisely the view from the old ideology that says, "you
have to protect what you are selling from other people or you won't make any money". this theme will increasingly be discredited in the cyberspace world, which works inherently differently in a remarkable manner.
I submit that things like the release of public domain standards
and products like Java and Netscape for free are not merely blips at this moment but increasingly are going to be the marketing plan of the future. the
idea is that you give away your product for FREE, and then people
pay you if they like it. this new ideology will be relevant to products that are not "things" but in fact are more in the realm of
intellectual property, i.e. writing, software, cyberspace web pages, etc.
the beauty of this system is that NO LONGER is "unauthorized" distribution" the "enemy". it is your FRIEND, a key aspect of profit!!
the company that doesn't think in terms of this new ideology will try to control the distribution of their product. they will set up
draconian systems that try to restrict the flow of the product
to "authorized users". (i.e. those who pay in advance). our entire
society thinks within this paradigm, including the government, which
is makes noises about ways to restrict copying on the internet by introduction of actual physical safeguards. NOPE!!
a rather extraordinary new economy can replace this, that of voluntary
payment. widespread distribution becomes your FRIEND. you DISDAIN
things like copyright, because they prevent your "product" from reaching
the eyes of potential customers. your goal is actually to distribute
the product as far as possible, in a sort of pyramid-like scheme.
you want your "customers" to distribute your product to their friends,
so that those "friends" potentially become customers in an endless
this approach works amazingly with writing. imagine that if John Markoff
suddenly QUIT the NYT and just wrote articles on his own. and imagine
that at the bottom, you see a message, "for more of the same, send
.5c or more to markoff I submit that in the future, Markoff will probably be able to make more money than he does at NYT,
because he is eliminating the middleman. the newspaper company is primarily built as a *distribution* channel. suddenly he doesn't have
to pay anything out of his own salary, so to speak, for distribution.
distribution is *free*. he doesn't require anyone else to do it for him.
he puts his article in an apropriate place on the net and it circulates
like a VIRUS if it is well received. the more people that see the article,
the more people that pay him money.
in an information system, individual objects have no value. what has value
is the FLOW of quality information. if Markoff continues to flow with that
good information, people will continue to pay for it. they will perceive
that "by paying him, the quality information flow from him to me continues
or increases".
this same idea works with software. you don't see software as an end
product. you see it as something that is evolving over time. and whenever
you send money to a company for software, in this new system the idea
is that "I like this software, and I want to see it grow. here is my
contribution to that".
another interesting area is that of patents, and I see this dissolving
in the same way. a patent is like trying to put a lock on an idea. but
gradually people will realize, only ideas that are implemented have
any value. you can't profit and lock an idea at the same time. *dissemination* of ideas is what leads to profit, not locking them up.
hence there will be an economic incentive to an inventor to give away
his ideas for free, at first. in the old system, where one thinks of an idea as a "thing", this sounds preposterous. but in a new culture where ideas
are seen as things that need to be cultivated and grown to work, it will
seem eminently sensible. the inventor is releasing his idea to the world,
saying "I can expand on this idea, even turn it into a reality, if
you send me money". other people can of course steal the idea, but there
is no value in the idea itself: the value is in the development of it
into evolved new states, or the intellectual expertise of the inventor.
in short, microcurrency could have quite a liberating and revolutionary
effect on economics as we know it. in the current system, people are not
paid for tiny contributions to the whole. the contributions have to be
"packaged up" into something like a magazine before individuals can get
any profit. a new system may allow people to be compensated directly
for things that are hard to quantify.
 how much was Markoff's last article
worth in the NYT? that's impossible to figure out. but if you had a microcurrency, you can calculate exactly how much money people sent to Markoff for his last article. say, across the world, it totalled $843.16.
such a sum is not inconceivable. and over time it would be enough for
him to make a salary over the whole year on, perhaps!! I'm arguing that
this is increasingly going to become VIABLE over the next few years
with cyberspace and microcurrency.
the beauty of this system is that this increased granularity filters
down to individual pieces such as a single piece of writing, a single
software program, single contributions by individual people that can
be rewarded tangibly. that's all that currency is, in its most basic
form: a system whereby members of a society say to each other, "please continue to do that for me, do more of it, and do it even better--
because I value it *this* much!!"
there is a lot of ink in the press lately about the Netscape/Java
assault on the Microsoft bastion. I think there is something more
important conceptually going on at a lower level. Microsoft has never
released a product for free to the world. they are still in the old
paradigm, "you have to control something to prosper". they are at
this minute coming out with a PROPRIETARY (read: "you have to lock something
to profit from it") alternative to Java. Netscape understands the contrary
philosophy BEAUTIFULLY. you write the software, and DISTRIBUTE IT FOR FREE.
same with Java: you create OPEN STANDARDS. these companies don't fully
understand what direction they are going in (notice how they are only
committing to the idea of free software or standards "from the start", but
not afterwards), but I think they are the precursors to a radically transformed economic system based on cyberspace microcurrency. the microcurrency situation can even be set up in a company. "whoever
codes this computer problem will receive [x] dollars from the company".
the whole economic system becomes a fluid, pulsing entity that filters
down to the tiniest fraction of value and gives each individual a quantitative value on his contribution. companies talk about "incentive
systems" today, but perhaps the entire economy will become an enormous
incentive system in this way in the future!!
in this system, ultimately, I think the whole concept that someone "buys a product" will dissolve into the idea that "one rewards intellectual
productivity to bring more of the same". it's as fundamental and intuitive as the difference between atoms and bits.

@_date: 1995-11-15 18:12:14
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: credit card conventional wisdom 
I've been seeing a particular meme-nugget of conventional wisdom
circulating in reference to credit cards that I'd like to debunk.
(recently showed up in the WSJ, "Boardwatch" magazine editorial
column, etc). these legends and thinkings are starting to annoy
me to the point of becoming a pet peeve.
the argument goes like this: secure credit card number uploading
schemes (such as in Netscape) are not important on the internet because credit card numbers are already insecure. you give them to low-wage
workers all the time who might steal the number from you anyway.
there are a lot of fallacies with this. I find this to be a key
cypherpunk issue, and I hope others will agree to the point of
trying to attack this fallacy through letters to the editor,
debates, etc., because it seems to rationalize weak security.
- 1st point: yes, you do give credit cards to low wage workers
in businesses, but this is not directly parallel to sending a
credit card over the internet. the fuzzy thinking goes like
this: "credit card numbers are already not secure. therefore, trying to
secure them is frivolous". this is patently ridiculous on the
face of it. it's circular reasoning. credit card numbers could
become more secure if all businesses made them more secure.
getting all businesses to make them secure is part of the battle.
raising consciousness on the issue is part of the battle. saying,
"there is no point" is a copout imho.
- the insecurity of sending a card over the net could be far better
or worse than that of handing it to an individual. 1st, when you
send a number over the net, potentially anyone (including people other
than the destination business) could spy on it. when you give it to someone in a company, only that representative
(who would be trusted by the company)
has access to it. or, alternately, maybe no one could *ever* see
your card sent over the internet, including workers at the end
site, who never deal with the numbers directly. such a system
is possible and may become the norm. but not if shallow-thinking people can't imagine it as possible.
- it is not impossible to have cards that don't have numbers but
instead have magnetic stripes, and the only way for them to work
is to be physically scanned. this would reduce fraud but would also
reduce the convenience of sending numbers over the phone (mail
order) for example. I'm not saying all cards should be this way,
but it might make sense for some people to get a "scan only card"
that cannot be used unless physically scanned. the point is that
there are variations on the credit card theme that make them more
secure, and there's a bit of a hurdle in getting Joe Sixpack to
realize this, and realize it's desirable.
- the boardwatch magazine editor argued that uploading credit card numbers
over the internet in a secure fashion is a "non problem" because
credit cards are already insecure. have you ever heard of PROGRESS,
mr. bonehead? if the net began to make credit transactions more
secure, perhaps that would create a momentum in which other offline
businesses might become more strict or careful about credit card
- credit card fraud is absolutely enormous in this country. and there
are not really any very strong safeguards against it except a lot of "security through obscurity" (of credit card numbers). *everyone*
pays the cost of this horrible fraud rate through increased
transaction charges, higher interest rates, etc.  just because you
may not see it itemized on your credit card bill, does not mean you
are not paying for it. (in much the same way that a sort of
"shoplifting tax" is reflected in the cost of all merchandise).
- the internet may eventually become completely secure. arguing that
"we don't need security on the internet because we don't have it in
the business world of daily credit card use, and they get along fine"
is ridiculously simplistic and specious. the fact is that businesses
do *not* really like many aspects of credit cards: low security,
overhead costs, cost of interface devices to the credit card companies,
etc.  all these negative ingredients could be improved in cyberspace.
but it won't happen if every time a new superior system comes along,
someone argues, "but there's nothing wrong with what we have now!!!"
when this is quite obviously mistaken to anyone with any minimal background& understanding in the area. furthermore, consumers are
somewhat notorious for not really knowing what they want, and sometimes
arguing against something they would buy or use in the future.
I'm continually amazed at how often security issues are mixed up
in people's brains and reasoning. there are a lot of fallacies that
work their way into respectable writing by reputable people
that tend to mirror circular
reasoning such as, "if something is insecure already, it makes no
point to try to make a piece of it more secure".  security is sometimes won
slowly in increments, in which one could argue against each increment
as useless or inconsequential, but the end result could lead to far better security. furthermore, there are a lot of different kinds
of security weaknesses-- there is not a simple black-and-white measurement of "secure" vs. "insecure" but a lot of intermediate
attempts to get secure credit card number transfer on the internet
are not an end in themselves. they are the first steps toward an entirely new transaction system. those who see a single step and
criticize it as feeble in the context of past systems
are missing the point and apparently can't think past the present nanosecond of their lives.

@_date: 1995-11-16 03:45:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: credit card conventional wisdom 
Arley Carter the point of my post was that I AGREE. the only issue is that we should
make internet security as superior as possible regardless of the security
of credit cards in the real world. I was attacking the line of thought
that goes, "credit card security is already marginal, therefore why should anyone try to improve it in cyberspace"? this is circular
reasoning. "why should anyone try to make something more secure when
it is already insecure?"
a major point of my post was that even if you think the cost of fraud
is invisible to you, it is not. it is in everyone's interest to reduce
fraud. if you think you are not paying for it now, your are believing
in an illusion. reducing fraud rates will decrease costs for everyone
in the long run. it is true that credit card companies try to localize
the costs to the areas where their risk is higher (for example, higher
interest rates on credit risks, different charges to the merchant
for "card present" vs. "card not present" as indicated by the other poster), however I still think it is obvious that these costs are
still distributed over all customers.
this is one of the main illusions I was trying to discredit in my
original post. the thinking goes like this: "so-and-so does not
appear to have any affect on me now, therefore to consider it is
irrelevant." in the case of credit card users, they seem to think,
"I can already cancel any transactions. illicit purchases made when
somebody steals my card in cyberspace are no different". another
line of thinking is, "credit cards are already insecure, so who
cares if people steal them over the internet". all of these are
very specious lines of thought. your own line is, familiarly,
"nothing matters unless it shows up on my own credit card bill" is
again in my opinion an invitation to disaster. you are paying for
the insecurity of credit cards right now, if not to your credit
card company than in slightly increased rates in the goods you buy
(to cover the merchant's cost to the credit card company).
part of getting to the point of satisfaction of the bank and user is
improved internet security. another point of my post.

@_date: 1995-11-17 03:42:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: credit card conventional wisdom 
I don't believe legal liability is the issue. many businesses operate
despite the fact that they have large liability for what they perform.
the issue is balancing the cost they are guaranteed through their
charges with the liability they face. you are incorrect in thinking that
individual credit card users buy credit cards based on the
liability to themselves, from my point of view. individuals, even
if they are theoretically liable for large fraud costs, simply are not going to be able to be held accountable for them.
you seem to be saying that if credit card companies one day guaranteed
they would be responsible for all fraud charges, we would have cybercash
*now*. but credit card companies already do largely have to absorb the
costs of fraud. they are *already* liable. and again, I don't think you
will find the market really cares about liability prior to using the service. the individual generally
assumes they are not personally responsible for fraud in the card, and
the companies generally have to adhere to this paradigm.
what if tomorrow a new credit card company started up saying, "we are
not responsible for fraud. all fraud is the responsibility of the customer?"  they would be laughed off the planet. such a plan is not
even feasible. the consumer will simply cancel the credit card if they
perceive they are being charged for fraud, and not pay the company insisting they are not liable (despite whatever agreement they signed).
but this has *always* been the case. how is it not the case now? *all*
banks are liable for the security of their schemes. why do you think they
are not? why do you think they care so much about security?
why do you think that nobody does not already realize this? isn't it
patently obvious to anyone who starts such a system?
who is proposing that consumers or merchants pay if a system is broken?
why do you think that this is the case? what is more likely is that
these fraud costs will be hidden in transaction charges, just like
they are with current credit cards. the individual consumers and merchants
will then be given the "illusion" that they are not paying for fraud,
but this cost is actually invisibly included in their "transaction
for the above reasons I don't at all understand why you insist that acceptance of liability is the problem delaying introduction of digital cash standards.
but one distinction I do realize has to be made in all this is the
difference between "fraud" and "breaking a system". the latter is
a far more potentially serious problem with cryptographic security than
the former. in fact cryptographic security attempts to deal with all
fraud by making "breaking the system" impossible, and succeeds to the
degree it accomplishes this.

@_date: 1995-11-17 04:39:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: credit card conventional wisdom (fwd) 
are you saying that a typical mail order credit card transaction has
a 3-6% charge, because the card is not physically present?
this is a rather shockingly high rate.
again, what I have been calling the "fraud tax"-- it's hidden in every
purchase we make, and when we increase credit card security it will
increasingly be dissipated. but the problem is that no one realizes
this in general, and will argue, "why should we do anything to prevent
fraud? we are already not paying for it right now, why should credit
card companies spend any money to prevent it?"
I suspect these invisible fraud taxes are quite significant in general
and someone could really become very wealthy by inventing a system that
decreased them.
you might increasingly see retailers offer a "safe card discount"--
some brand of credit card charges them less transaction overhead, and
they pass these savings onto the customer.
or, the credit card company could send the money back to you like Discover does.

@_date: 1995-11-30 04:31:19
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Whitehouse PROFS email privacy case 
this was a hot subject a long time ago on the list, here's a book
with the scoop
------- Forwarded Message
  NEW BOOK PROVIDES NARRATIVE ON PROFS CASE
  ALONG WITH REMARKABLE PRIMARY DOCUMENTS.
  Following Press Release    11/22/96
  REVELATIONS FROM --WHITE HOUSE E-MAIL: THE   TOP SECRET COMPUTER MESSAGES THE   REAGAN/BUSH WHITE HOUSE TRIED TO DESTROY,   Edited by Tom Blanton (New York: The New Press, 256 pp.   plus 1.44 megabyte computer disk), distributed by W.W. Norton   & Company.
  For more information, contact: Tom Blanton (o) 202/994-7000,   (h) 301/718-6543, nsarchiv
  SECRET SUPPORT FOR SADDAM HUSSEIN
  Top Reagan administration officials, including Colin Powell,   presided over covert intelligence support to Saddam Hussein   during the Iran-Iraq War, including targeting information on   Iranian civilian infrastructure for Saddam's SCUD missiles.  In   secret e-mail messages, National Security Council staffer William   Cockell recommended -- and Deputy National Security Adviser   Alton Keel agreed -- they cover-up the assistance to Saddam,   because "it is difficult to characterize this as defensive assistance."   [pp. 36-41]  Subsequently, while Powell served as Deputy   National Security Adviser in 1987, the Reagan administration   discussed a "shopping list" of pro-Iraq actions in order to "stiffen   them up." [pp.235-237]
  HELPING NORIEGA "CLEAN UP HIS IMAGE"
  Three months after Seymour Hersh and The New York Times   exposed Manuel Noriega's involvement in drugrunning and   murder, Noriega approached the National Security Council staff   with an offer to assassinate the Nicaraguan Sandinista leadership.    Oliver North relayed the offer to his boss, National Security   Adviser John Poindexter, writing that "you will recall that over the   years Manuel Noriega in Panama and I have developed a fairly   good relationship."  Poindexter replies, "I have nothing against him   other than his illegal activities" and approves a North meeting with   Noriega -- as does Secretary of State George Shultz.  The   bottom line?  The White House agrees to help Noriega "clean up   his image" in return for Panamanian sabotage operations against   the Nicaraguan Sandinistas. [pp. 23-25]
  THE WHITE HOUSE SENDS A COCAINE CONSPIRATOR   TO CLUB FED
  Top Reagan administration officials from the White House,   Pentagon, and Justice Department just said yes to a reduced   prison sentence (in a minimum security facility) for a Honduran   colonel and sometime CIA asset who was convicted of cocaine   trafficking and conspiracy to assassinate the civilian president of   Honduras, because otherwise the colonel might "start singing   songs nobody wants to hear" about covert operations in   Honduras.  [pp. 42-48]
  SECRET DEALS WITH LOBBYISTS ON A   CONTROVERSIAL CONGRESSIONAL VOTE
  The White House struck a secret deal with the American Israel   Public Affairs Committee in the spring of 1986 to avoid an   AWACS-style all-out battle on a Saudi arms deal vote, and in   return got AIPAC's help on foreign aid funding and on the Iran-
  contra scandal.  But National Security Council staffer Howard   Teicher warned, "whatever one may think of the jewish   leadership, the 'masses' are rarely if ever swayed by what the   rational, reasonable leaders say.  instead, it is the israel right or   wrong demagogues at the grassroots level that will try to take   advantage of the leadership's pusillanimity."  [pp. 150-157]
  HIDDEN FAILURES OF THE POLYGRAPH   (PRECURSORS OF ALDRICH AMES)
  According to the National Security Council's top   counterintelligence official in 1985, career FBI agent David   Major, two out of the 48 individuals indicted, arrested and/or   convicted of espionage against the U.S. in the years 1975-85,   had successfully deceived the CIA's favorite screening tool, the   polygraph (lie detector) -- a 4% error rate.  (Aldrich Ames   subsequently beat the polygraph twice.)  [p.220]
  ROSS PEROT'S EGO RIDES AGAIN
  Ross Perot "sandbagged" the Reagan White House at a 1986   Congressional hearing on the POW-MIA issue, according to the   lead White House staffer on the issue, Col. Richard Childress,   who also wrote, "he has played into Hanoi's hands for his ego and   doesn't even know it."  [p. 162]
  MORE WHITE HOUSE E-MAIL STORIES
  * Then-Israeli Defense Minister Yitzhak Rabin personally   arranged with Oliver North for secret shipments of captured PLO   weapons to Central America in September 1986, with the   approval of the National Security Adviser.  Rabin also   commented, according to North's e-mail, "at some length about   his low opinion of our intel service [CIA] - both in terms of   coverts ops and intelligence collecting," and promised "no more   Pollards."  [pp. 119-122]
  * The regular breakfast meetings in the Reagan administration of   the National Security Adviser, the Secretary of State (George   Shultz), and the Secretary of Defense (Caspar Weinberger) often   degenerated into what staffers called "slugfests."  p. 193
  * Contrary to claims in a recent autobiography, National Security   Adviser Robert McFarlane did not anticipate the collapse of the   Soviet Union and craft U.S. policy accordingly to pressure the   Soviets, rather, in his 1984 e-mail, McFarlane wrote "it will not   change ideologically and therefore our task is to establish a basis   for peaceful competition with them."  p.189
  * At the behest of Israeli Prime Minister Shimon Peres, Vice   President George Bush proposed a "7-point peace plan" during a   Middle East trip in 1986, only to have it shot down by White   House and State Department opposition back in Washington.  p.   200
  * While serving as Deputy National Security Adviser to President   Reagan in 1987, Colin Powell lived in an alarmed house at Fort   McNair which "scared hell out of the family initially and then   became amusing when the MPs assaulted the house every time   the alarm misfired."  p. 211
  * White House staffers joked about CIA Director William   Casey's renowned "mumbles," writing, "The last time he told   Goldwater we were going to 'lay some mines in Nicaragua,'   Goldwater thought he said we were going to 'pay some fines for   some joggers.'"  p. 214
                                        END

@_date: 1995-11-30 05:03:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: break microsoft!!! 
re: the recent message that windows 95 has weak password encryption
due to a 32 bit random seed sent to RC4--
this seems like another EXCELLENT opportunity for some major cypherpunks press coverage and feather-in-the-cap accolades.
remember, the last break of the Netscape RC4 algorithm (or was it
MD5?) got front page NYT coverage and reverberated throughout the
entire media.
a "cypherpunk" accomplishing the same thing for Microsoft would potentially get *major* notice.
I imagine a short .exe file that when run on the proper computer
prints out passwords as it cracks them. this would get the
attention of a LOT of people.
I have the MS C++ compiler, and if someone could discuss the difficulty
of writing this proposed "exe" file, the rough time required to break
the keys, and other considerations (physical access to server computer
required?)  and maybe point to code pieces on the
net (RC4 etc.) to pull it off, I might start the effort myself.

@_date: 1995-12-02 11:33:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: key escrow compromise 
to most on the list, the subject of this message would be an oxymoron.
("there is no compromise!")
regarding the recent Netscape brouhaha:
I tend to agree with Clark in only one regard: the government is going
to get into the key storage/retrieval business in some form or another
eventually & inevitably; it's just not stoppable. like one of the NSA spooks said after the Clipper fiasco, "well, we had to try". the aspect
that is up for grabs is whether these systems will be *mandatory* for
all private communication.
here's a quick idea. the post office is getting into certification authorization come hell or high water (ETA summer, 96). now, frankly I think this is a good thing. someday we will need some kind of legal agency to deal with citizen keys, so that we could have
cryptographic dealings with federal agencies such as the motor
vehicles department, etc. many are going to blast me to oblivion
for saying this, though. but don't you think there are some benign
government services that you would like to have access to via
your "state" or "legal identity" key? this would prevent other
people from faking your identity in front of the state, e.g. voter fraud,
and other miscellaneous things.
it seems to me the problem is when a government begins to insist
that the only authorized encryption you can use must be based on the
secret key they give you is where all the problems arise.
so, what we could advocate as a compromise (given that the post office
is absolutely not going to *not* get in this business, from what I can
tell). we encourage the idea of KEY FREEDOM
this would be a heading for the idea that we are in support of the (our)
government creating cryptographic infrastructures and key authentication
services, as long as we always have the total freedom to encrypt according to however we please in private communications.
in other words, we are willing to have an official state identity/key as
long as it is not required in our private transactions, only those involving
the state. (yes of course I know "state" is a pornographic word here, heh).
if you don't like this imagine it as a "stopgap measure" on the way toward
full cryptoanarchic infocalypse that government bureacrats might buy.
another idea is that we might reasonably support a system that has
such a thing as "key escrow" but we only use the keys they give us
as part of our signatures to other people if we want to reveal our
"official" state identity, not to encode the communication itself.
in this way someone else could verify your identity for e.g. legal/
contractual purposes, but the overall communication would remain private.
in other words, we agree that the government does have the authority
to link people to their "official numbers", but we have a choice about
when to use those official numbers in any private communication, and
by law businesses do not ever have to *require* authentication in this way. the numbers of course would be required in communication between the individual
and government.
the situation is that the government *now* requires that it knows who
we are when we communicate with it in any official context. therefore
I submit that the above system would not take away any rights, and in
fact might lead to privacy advocates being able to use a massive government
key-infrastructure but still retain communication privacy.  in other words,
you now have the government actually supporting your cryptographic freedom by giving you a massive "official" key distribution system you can use any way you like.
another possible compromise is that by default, keys would be insecure,
in the sense the government stores them for "key escrow" purposes,
but people are always recognized as having the right as "tunneled encryption" (a great term for private encryption within the state encryption).
you see, cypherpunks often recognize that most of the world is so clueless
that they don't protect themselves, and they almost don't deserve to have
privacy by the default if they are entirely clueless or apathetic about
obtaining. so what we might be able to accomplish is a system in which all
the clueless people use the government-supplied keys, the FBI cracks some
percentage of "clueless" criminal communication, and non-clueless people
go ahead and bypass it all.
now, before you hotly flame my eyebrows off,
I say these things not because I like key escrow, but that I suspect
the post office is going to move into certification no matter what, and
the idea of key escrow is closely related to that. with a little finetuning
the cypherpunk position could help define the actual rights of individuals
relative to these new government systems in a way that is totally compatible with all our core privacy beliefs.
what I am getting at is that we could twist the words "key escrow"
to mean that the government provides some infrastructure for storing
& accessing public keys (similar to phone books), and we could simultaneously vehemently deny that "key escrow" legitimately allows the government to actually *have* our secret keys.
in other words, we say, "yes we support key escrow. of course it is
a good idea to let the government have simple phonebooks of keys. oh,
wait, you mean we have to USE THESE KEYS? in the official STATE
ENCRYPTION ALGORITHM? we have to STAMP OUR SSN# ON EVERY TRANSACTION
WITH EVERY BUSINESS? sorry buster, what I do with
my key is my private matter. this would be again to having official
government phones that allowed the government to call any number
and start surveilling the room the phone is in."

@_date: 1995-12-17 07:01:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: More Balto Sun on the NSA: Infowar 
PW on the NSA:
I'd like to point out how specious this supposed "benefit" is if
the NSA is actually now involved in economic espionage areas as this implies.
(@ I must have missed the senate meeting where they modified the charter, maybe it was the same one where they came up with Clipper)
suppose you get a message from our government with the implication
it came from the NSA: "Mr. businessman, we have information that so-and-so
bidder is involved in bribery". well, what can you do with this? why should
you give it any merit? the NSA has its own hidden agenda. they could
saying things to netscape like, "so-and-so cryptography is not secure.
don't use it". should netscape listen to them? isn't it obvious there
could be a conflict of interest, to say the least, and a delightful
opportunity for further spook "shadow" manipulation techniques, which
they get their wet dreams about?
the problem is that many businessmen are just as gullible and braindead
as the american public, and will roll over or listen with rapt attention
just like americans do when they hear the phrase, "national security".
there are many businessmen who think they are being "patriotic" by listening
to their government and cooperating with it in shadowy deals for the purpose of promoting "national security". frankly I think this is as
close to being a traitor to the true spirit of democracy as one can come
without ever being considered one by rational adults. (oh, well, the
distinction about rational adults has somewhat blurred in this century..)
Eisenhower's "military industrial complex" actually has the initials NSA..
so frankly, I would recommend that any businessmen who get "shadow"
tips from the government about how to run their business like PW describes
to tell them to ---- off. unless you're a patriot of course. then you
should turn me in for writing this message.
if the government actually had proof about their claims, that would be a different story. then I'd tell them to "---- off" *after* I got the
relevant info  .. but seriously this is not going to be a problem with
spooks, who love the following style of proof and information transmission:
"[x] is true because we know it is true, but exactly why is a matter of national security which we can't tell you. nevertheless because of [x] you should do [y]. in fact you are compelled to do it as a US patriot." just call it "proof by spook phlegm"
that's what we now have: a government of, by, and for the @ spooks.

@_date: 1995-12-18 10:34:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Political Cleanup program 
I have an unusual view that I've never seen elsewhere: the problem with
our government is not that money or PACs are involved, but that the system
does not handle or resolve the conflicts between them very well. in other
words, in contrary to the current view that all PACs are evil, I think the
problem is not that we have PACs, but that our current system does not
balance their demands in some sensible manner.  the system is
susceptible to corruption. it is conceivable however that there would be
a system that involves money and politics but still avoids corruption.
there seem to be a lot of people who suggest that merely because politics
involves money, it is therefore corrupt. this is an awfully vague and
nebulous line of thinking in my view. are we to suppose that any industry
that involves money (all of them, of course) inevitably moves in the direction of corruption? perhaps some more "cynicalpunks" may have this view, but I don't share it.
what you describe would allow anonymous bribes. the giver could always identify
his cash donation "out of band" to the receiver. moreover, other observers
would not be aware of the relationship. why do you think this would
be an improvement? to the contrary our current system works hard to require
the disclosure of who donated what to a candidate, so the candidate's potential
hidden agendas and ulterior motives can be revealed. seems reasonable to you are probably barking up the wrong tree here on cypherpunks, however,
because most of the key "insiders" here are convinced that democracy is
a proven failure, and that in fact government is invariably corrupt and
oppressive, no matter what the implementation. the "solutions" advocated
here are chiefly withdrawal and subterfuge.
needless to say I disagree with this. I wonder if some day someone will
invent a "killer app" that doubles as a political governing system.
it seems to me politics is one of the last most intractable areas of
human interaction when many others have been harmonized and systematized
by the information revolution. I suspect it will eventually succumb to
technological ingenuity as well. the end result would be a government
that is not perfect, but is at least as good as the population that
drives it, and no worse. (in contrast today we seem to have a government
that is no better than the least common denominator).
JB, I have to wonder however how your ideas about campaign reform tie into your prior advocation of political assinations as a legitimate form of
citizen power.  have you given up on the idea of murdering politicians as
a means of political reform? or are you now just coupling that idea with
campaign reform to put some new bells and whistles on your overall ideological package?

@_date: 1995-12-28 01:57:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: a new idea: stocks == currency 
I've been mulling over recent essays on digital cash by diverse authors
that have popped up here and elsewhere and I'd like to highlight a revolutionary new "meme" of high cpunk relevance I see emerging, which I've not seen promoted by any single author yet (although I have seen
some prominent cpunks argue the opposite).
the basic thesis is as follows. digital cash obviously leads to an entirely
new economic system in which the nature of routine future transactions may be radically altered. one of the chief alterations discussed ad infinitum on
this list is the rise of economic freedom from taxation etc.   however
there is another interesting theme that is worth exploring at length that
is at least as significant as this (bugaboo) taxation issue.
one might look at the modern world and suggest that there is an increasing
unification of currencies. the EU (European Union) is an example of this
"trend". however I'm going to argue the opposite and suggest that the
trend is toward increasing diversity of currencies. I believe we are
moving toward a new system in which explosively more "currencies" will exist
than do today.
where will these come from? answer: stocks. I believe that future company
stock will be considered a kind of currency issued by the company. when
you are buying and selling stocks, what you are really doing is buying
and selling currencies backed by different corporate entities. I have seen EH argue here and elsewhere that only a government has the
legal capability of creating a currency. his view is that a currency is
backed through *liability* that is enforced through laws. this is an interesting statist-flavor argument coming from a radical libertarian.
what I would propose instead is that what a government has is *credibility*.
this is the old "reputation capital" issue discussed here frequently too.
a government is a massive entity larger than many companies that uses its
full legislative "force" to back its currency.   in another word,
however, I don't believe there is fundamentally a major difference between a company and a government, particularly in this area.
(go ahead, flame me to oblivion for saying this, but I believe it is actually a very libertarian argument.) the only difference is in size
and influence. it seems to me when a private company issues "cash", the
basic principle is the same. the person who uses this cash is *trusting*
the entity that issues it to back it with whatever they say they are
backing with it. to use my stocks == currency analogy, the stock or currency
of that company is backed by that company's assets and profitability.
the interesting theme behind this is that it unifies the entire economic
picture. suddenly the difference between currency and a stock tends to
blur when stocks
1. can be exchanged readily
2. there is no government intervention/regulation in the exchange
3. middleman ("stockbroker" etc.) costs are minimized
4. (other similar elements yet to be identified)
note that all these things appear to be the inevitable trend of uniting
an economic system with cyberspace.
my view of all this is somewhat blasphemous. the current system
says that we have to have a government entity called the SEC to ensure
that stocks are safe for those who invest in them. however, what I am
suggesting is that a free market can actually devise its own methods of
sorting out bogus from valid currency/stocks without government intervention.
in fact, in my opinion that's precisely what investment advice is. this
is exactly analogous too to the way that capital "naturally" moves away
from unstable currencies and economies (of course capital does not do it,
but the intelligent human forces that guide it amount to this basic effect).
hence what I am proposing is a sort of currency spectrum. stocks are
high risk but greater profit, and currency is low risk (stable) but
subject to inflation or loss of value. they are two ends on a currency spectrum. and what I am proposing is that in the future, this
currency spectrum will tend to emerge out of economic transactions in
cyberspace. this currency spectrum will be recognized as a basic function of
the cyberspatial economy. this economy will evolve overall to cut  out
middlemen and anything that decreases cash value. hence, you will see
things such as companies offering their own cash (stock) directly to "consumers" without the large overhead associated with today's stock market (which will be considered a rather backward way of running an economy in the
future because of the horrendous dissipation of capital involved in merely
moving it from place to place).
in the end, the government and various bankers lose their economic
monopoly on "creating" cash, which affords them no end to manipulative
capabilities. governments will compete with all other entities that desire
to create cash systems. cash will move where governments and entities most
"respect" it. oppressive tax laws etc. will be considered a lack of "respect" for cash.
I know that the opposite trend seems to be happening: an increasing clampdown
on "black cash". I think this may actually succeed in the short run, but
the eventual movement of the economy is toward unrestrained cash in the
same way there is a clear movement to an unrestrained cyberspace. there
may be "blips" or "disturbances" on the way, but they'd merely be anomalies.
my own view is that governments are either legitimately created or they
are not ("consent of the governed" etc.). if they are legitimately created and maintained, then people will continue to
support them even when it seems they have the choice not to (such as
evade taxes). if they are not supported, then they are not legitimate.
putting one's money where one's mouth is is the ultimate test of legitimacy
in our reality. that is, support of a government by its people is the
ultimate test of its legitimacy, and the the ultimate test of support
is *cash*transferred*. no amount of policemen thugs pointing machine
guns at tax protesters attempting to intimidate the entire population
will change this basic reality imho.
in fact I believe that many systems of today that are based on intimidation
are going to dissolve as cyberspace becomes more prevalent. the scientology
battle is a good example of this. before the internet their litigious
intimidation tactics may have succeeded (and arguably did). however the tactics are becoming increasingly discredited in my view. but I am not saying this will happen without a struggle. I believe this
will be the ultimate conclusion after a lot of turbulence and perhaps
even bloodshed.
today we think that cash moves around the world very readily, in the blink
of an eye. but I suggest that today we actually have tremendous amounts
of "friction" that are dissipating economic value of "currencies" merely
as it moves through the system (the stock market would be one example).
looking only at today's *cash* systems, indeed there is low friction, but
when considers that *stocks* are actually cash, then our overall economic
system is quite backward. cyberspace will act as a sort of economic lubricant of the highest degree in decreasing this friction.
I will debate intelligent opposition to these ideas in this essay, but
frankly I think what I describe is a reality that is going to emerge completely independent of my own promotion or anyone else's opposition.
the famous Gilmore quote is that "cyberspace sees censorship as a defect
and routes around it" has an analogy in the economic realm: "cash sees the middlemen as a defect and routes around him". inflation is
one example of instability or lack of resiliency (a defect) of a currency. it can be seen as the exact opposite effect the growth of a stock is: loss of economic capital due to dissipation.
I imagine one of the main claims against my essay will be as I anticipated
above: only governments have the force and power necessary to back a currency. but I believe this is an anti-libertarian view. it suggests
that cash only works when the government is involved, and the force
associated with that government is employed as a means of keeping the
system in check. can one have an economic system not based on mandatory
obeisance to a government? I think it is clear to most on this list
such a thing is not only possible but advantageous, desireable, and the "trust" that a person places in a company stock is absolutely no
different, in essence, from that placed in a currency of a government--
only the scale and the participants are different. I don't really believe
that the legal framework associated with a government is what holds commerce together. there are many situations where companies simply
eat their losses even when they are in the "right" legally and could
sue and win.
cyberspace will tend to prefer "anticipation" to legalities. in other
words, it will tend to prefer to develop systems that anticipate failure
(such as currency crashes) before they happen. courts will be seen as the absolute last resort for any kind of arbitration. in my view this has already happened today.

@_date: 1995-12-28 15:39:28
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: proposal for new cyber abbreviation 
yes, cyberspace just doesn't have enough acronyms like AFAIK and IANAL etc.
ad nauseam. (I have reason to believe that PTB, or "powers that be" was
actually invented here on this list!!) anyway after reading recent messages I propose:
as in, Something Has To Be Done.
used either seriously or satirically (probably mostly satirically by
everyone here).
"there was a editorialist on TV ranting about the 4 horsemen of the
infocalypse and screeching that SHTBD!!!"
"I was not implying that SHTBD, merely that we are moving into a brave
new world in cyberspace".
"those @ online pedophiles are crawling all over the net. SHTBD!!!"
"the @ mainstream press is always pointing out new bogeymen
with the concluding moral, SHTBD!!!"
notice that SHTBD is the antithesis of cypherpunk philosophy in that
it tends to imply
1. government intervention
2. coercive force
3. censorship
hence by using this term and popularizing it, we promote our own agenda
of "cryptoanarchy".
just my small contribution to humanity for today.

@_date: 1995-12-28 16:32:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: cool cpunk project proposal: "cpunk approved" logo 
recently my local newspaper ran a section on privacy preservation
in cyberspace. it quoted Dave Banisar of CPSR as talking about how
future companies might have a "privacy safe" sticker affixed to them.
*wow*, what a great idea. this would be a great project for the cpunks.
most people here are familiar with Point Communications and how they
do the "top 5% of web sites" and authorize sites to use their logo.
this is such a neat idea: it's one of the first reputation rating companies in existence, in a sense. furthermore, it's *private*.
TCM and others have advocated that these companies are going to become ubiquitous (rating *everything* including hot-button things like
doctors, lawyers, hit men, etc. ) and I can see it happening quickly.
here's my idea that some enterprising cpunks might like to pursue. create a CYPHERPUNK PRIVACY SAFE logo and distribute it to various companies who adhere to the criteria that it names!!!
the steps would be:
1. create a logo
2. create a set of criteria for companies who are "privacy safe" or who
adhere to cpunk privacy guidelines. 3. write out this list in careful detail. one might also have different
levels or grades, such as "level 5 privacy protection" etc.  one could
conceivably use it as a negative reinforcement too, handing out "F's"
to the worst companies.
4. POPULARIZE this. get companies to put the logo on their sites like
they do with the Web logo. now, I don't know if people here realize how much great potential this
idea has. the media just LOVES to quote these kinds of judgements when
it's a slow news day (witness Blackwell's "worst dressed" list or
"best haircuts" or whatever else).
the immediate objection I can see is that all kinds of people such as
PM will rant that there is no "official" cpunk privacy standard. great!!
I propose somebody create their OWN and call it that without any
reservations. if the cpunk name is not copyrighted, if no one owns it,
then anyone can do whatever they want with it!!! ah, that's glorious anarchy
for sure.
if multiple standards emerge, I'm sure one will tend to become dominant,
or at least the competition between them will have them covering different areas (such as FAQs in newsgroups work).
this idea really has FANTASTIC protential imho. in fact I propose that
Community Connection is in a really excellent position to latch onto this
idea-- they already have many press releases and the industry is watching notice that this sticker could be used to handle the key escrow issues as
well-- like one of the levels being that the company is ideologically
opposed to mandatory key escrow or something. different levels of cryptography could be involved. someone will have to experiment with
perhaps multiple logos and different grades. remember, the thing should
be as absolutely obvious and easy to comprehend as possible for even
Joe Sixpack to get it.
let's create a cpunk "approval" rating that has as much recognition some
day as the "intel inside" ad campaign has generated!!!

@_date: 1995-12-28 17:11:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: another anonymous poster helping to destroy our rights 
there are various myths here that ought to be addressed. - if the cypherpunks are not really a group, then people wouldn't get
upset what goes under the cypherpunk name. but in fact people flame
hotly what others think is or is not a "legitimate" cypherpunk tactic
or project or whatever.
you can't have it both ways. either anyone is free to decide what a cypherpunk is, and no one has the right to argue with it. or, cypherpunks
are something in particular, and someone has the authority to  determine
so far the "authorities" are those who have been on a the list a long time.
(it is still an informal system however).  this is a reasonable system. but I object to the way that people such as PM argue in one message that "there is no such thing as the cypherpunks"
but then endlessly determine themselves what is appropriate for the list.
doesn't anyone see the inconsistency-at-best-and-hypocrisy-at-worst of this?
- its simply not true that no one can do anything about what is posted here.
there are different ways of running a mailing list. here are some things
that would be different than what is going on right now. I'm not saying
they are better, but just remember there are alternatives:
= moderator keeps a higher profile, posts under his own name, keeps order,
determines apropriateness
= no one argues with moderator or each other about valid topics
= list can bar people who are not subscribed from posting. this would
in fact  bar "hit and run" anonymous messages. however obviously the current list adminstration favors them.
= the list charter can ask for people to submit to various practices on
the honor system, such as not using pseudonyms. cryptoanarchists who
hate the idea of trust are of course going to object to the honor system,
because "that which cannot be enforced should not be prohibited".
perhaps Detweiler is in fact really a pseudonym of Cohen. or maybe Cohen and Detweiler and all other anonymous posts are really a big
joke being played on everyone by TCM. although you may have an interesting
point there. perhaps thinking about trying to impose order on cryptoanarchists
(who themselves occasionally rant about the disorder amongst themselves, although never in those terms) is a sure recipe for frustration insanity. caveat emptor!!
(the list, as it is currently set up, is highly vulnerable to agents provacateur.  crpytoanarchists should realize that the same "disorders"
 (oh, sorry, "freedoms") such as completely unrestrained anonymous posting,
 no "official" moderation etc.  they favor can be used very effectively against them when an intelligent an mischievous adversary so chooses or is provoked to do so. there have been visceral demonstrations of this on occasion here )

@_date: 1995-12-29 15:35:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: cool cpunk project proposal: "cpunk approved" logo 
you totally misunderstand my message. this is NOT an "official" project,
it is NOT a cooperative project. I am proposing that INDIVIDUALS undertake
the project under the cypherpunk name. no one has a right to complain
after all, when there is no *official* cypherpunk standard. really, I do
LOVE anarchy.
I did not call it that. and in fact I of all people understand cypherpunk
psychology quite well, thank you very much. not a bad idea imho.  but really, someone came up with a Big Brother Inside sticker without a
lot of whining about "officialness". all I am proposing is exactly the
same thing, except that it would have the word "cypherpunk" on it. what's
the difference? absolutely none. no one has any right to complain how
the cypherpunk name is used if there is no "official" cypherpunk
but notice I was excessively careful never to imply there was anything
OFFICIAL the project. there is to be no collaboration or coordination
except that agreed to by participants. what could be simpler???
it's really ridiculous how much the word OFFICIAL is considered pornographic on this mailing list. I didn't use that word and went to
great lengths not to (and do so in ALL my mail to this list knowing the
hypersensitivity of its participants).
what I do object to is that because there is no OFFICIAL cypherpunk
standard that individuals cannot create one that they CALL official.
there is NOTHING stopping anyone from claiming they are running the
OFFICIAL cpunk FAQ or whatever as long as there is no OFFICIAL
cpunk management. what, is someone gonna sue? heh. no one has a right to complain!! why do I have to reiterate this obvious point?
the sword cuts both ways. or, that communication path is full duplex, so to speak.

@_date: 1995-12-20 00:47:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: on web standards: sent to Markoff 
here's a quickie rant about software standards sent to Markoff, precipitated by his recent column on Berners Lee & the Web. please help kill the urban legend I refer to in this letter.
------- Forwarded Message
I read your recent article on Tim Berners Lee. there is a misconception
in the article that annoys me and that I have seen you/others repeat
elsewhere. the following myth is:
COMPANIES SET STANDARDS.
this is not really true. in the short term, companies can set whatever
"standards" they like. but in the long term, the *market* decides what
standards are acceptable. an example of this was IBM: they set various
standards until the market decided that the "standards" they were setting
were not acceptable. they became their own worst enemy. no amount of
shovelling their ideas down consumer's throats via million dollar ad
campaigns or sales pressure changed the basic reality
of what the market wanted. even though "microchannel" may have been
technically superior, consumers consistently decided the proprietary
price of the architecture was not worth the extra economic burden
to obtain it.
you and others are continually reiterating and reinforcing this myth
in regards to web software in your writing. you talk about various companies as if they
could somehow seize various standards for their own and exclude other
companies (Netscape's supposed proprietary web "standards" are an example).
this is fallacious for the reason I outlined above. the market
may not tolerate this exclusivity, and particularly in the area of computer software and hardware this has been shown emphatically so.
furthermore, the idea that companies can legislate their own web
standards is particularly ludicrous. it is true that netscape has
added their own "extensions" that their own browser understands and
other browsers initially do not. but nothing prevents other companies
from immediately incorporating these "enhancements" so that they
are recognized by their own software. in fact this is trivial to do
so in many cases (e.g. one of these so-called "enhancements" is blinking
text in web pages). so the idea that a single web company can somehow
monkeywrench the standards process by introducing new ideas is absurd and completely ignorant of reality.
in fact this rapid "standard" fluctation is the heart of innovation.
it is true that the web standard is fluctuating very rapidly right
now, but that is not evidence of companies trying to seize the standard
for their own: instead it is the chief sign of dynamic and rapid innovation.
I urge you to read Bill Gate's recent book. he addresses this continual
myth that people yammer about, namely the idea that individual companies
can set exclusive or proprietary standards. a company standard is in
fact a sort of temporary whirlpool in time: it will exist only so
long as the forces surrounding it support it. a single company can
temporarily create an illusion that their standards are the only ones
available, but the market may eventually decide that their standard is
not appropriate. Microsoft would crumble in a short amount of time if
they failed to deliver what the market demands, and Gates reiterates
this theme.
it is tempting to think of Microsoft or Netscape as large behemoths
that "drive the market". this is true in the short term but in truth over the long term the market drives these companies,
and they lose market share if they become irrelevant. it is useful
to look at one company as a focus of market forces, not the determinant
of them.
in my opinion the idea that various companies are in control of the
market is not only erroneous but highly dangerous. it leads to the
view that the government has to step in to promote "fair competition"
or "legislate standards". these approaches are usually total failures
because they completely neglect the true nature of the innovation of
ideas, something that is expressed quite tangibly and viscerally in
software development, but this simple point various people still
utterly fail to grasp.
its quite dramatic to write about single companies such as Microsoft
or Netscape as if they have tremendous power and influence over
the industry. various companies have found however that this influence is highly fleeting if they are not in tune with market
currents. companies are subservient to the market, not vice versa.
please strive to recognize this basic fact in your future writing.
p.s. I am willing to work this into a letter to the editor if you are
willing to publish it.

@_date: 1995-12-20 18:08:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: on web standards: sent to Markoff 
there's been MS flamewars on this list before, but Attila repeats
various snippets that I find highly objectionable.
cpunk relevance: operation of the free market
Gates' conquests can either be made out to be a failure of the free enterprise system or a success from it. the more I read whining complaints about MS's
dominance, the more I prefer the latter interpretation. perhaps power corrupts, but on the other hand failure clearly promotes whining. "you cannot
grow taller by chopping off the heads of others". I've seen so many people try to smear MS with innuendo, as if "enough people
being unhappy" at a company is ample evidence that there is "unfairness".
the marketplace is *not* fair. it rewards people who are in tune with it
disproportionately!! sometimes, *dramatically*so* as in the case with Gates.
consider this anecdote. a market for [x] gizmos does not even exist. a brilliant
person says, " I think people really need [x] gizmos. I'm going to make and
sell them. I'm going to find people who will help me, but if I can't find any
I'm going to do it all myself".
Gates is such a person and did it with PC OS'es and various windows applications (Excel, Word Perfect, etc.). he bet his entire future on
the idea that he knew what people wanted even when other companies disagreed.
 all companies had a chance to get on the windows bandwagon
and write decent software when he created this OS-- he was going around
and virtually begging companies. what did they say? "no, we aren't going
to take our chance with you. we don't think people really want your
@ gizmos". they snickered and sneered at him.
Gates succeeds, and sells a bazillion gizmos. he *creates* a market that
was not even in existence. or rather, he anticipates what people really
want, and the related markets begins to respond to him in a "positive feedback loop".
suddenly all these companies cry foul in the greatest of hypocrisy. "Gates
has cornered the gizmo market!! he has 95% of it!!! why weren't we notified!!
no one should have such power!!"
the truth is that the playing field has always been level, but because Gates
is  such a brilliant genius, market anticipator, and gizmo producer, he
succeeds far beyond his or anyone else's wildest dreams.
"well, all things should be equal in the competition, unless someone is
succeeding more than somebody else, in which case we should penalize them
to make things more even" say his competitors.
the market has *given* bill gates his dominance. all the arguments about
him being "unfair" are absolutely bogus that I have seen. they amount to,
"Bill Gates is using tactics to sell more of his software than his competitors.
therefore, he's not being fair to everyone else who wants to sell their
software as well."
 hee, hee. I really love the free market. it's a delight
that Gates has put his money where his brain is, and in only 20 years built
one of the most successful companies in the entire history of business.
it's a tribute to the intelligence of the market and people who have the
sense to listen to it. MS has gained its dominance through the utmost of
hard work, and consuers vote with their $$$. whoever denies that consumers
know what they *really* want is an awfully pretentious and deluded person,
pioneers are the ones with the arrows in their back. when they fail,
everyone sneers at them. when they succeed, everyone sneers at them and
says they succeeded through skullduggery. and then competitors refer to this *market* they had no hand in *creating* (the *hard* work is creating
a market, *anyone* can capitalize on one once created) as if they have
some "right" to it. Gates is the biggest teddybear
on the planet. those who are afraid of him only show they are afraid to
think as focused and seriously as he does all day. "gosh, we shouldn't have
to compete against someone who understands the market so well. what about
us? we are competition challenged!! we need a level playing field."
"no fair!!! Bill Gates has a monopoly on the gizmo market!!! he should be
stopped!!! restrained!! otherwise, no other gizmo companies will succeed!!"
you have a very short memory. only several years ago most of the population
of the planet was in total skepticism about the success of windows. now
that it has succeeded, everyone believes that this market should be carved
up to everyone that wants a piece of the pie. well, Gates helped "create" the
pie in the first place. is anyone twisting people's arms to buy his software? are there a lack of
choices because other companies are simply choosing not to compete with
MS? if MS is giving customers what they want better than anyone else, (which
is proven viscerally by *cash*, people invariably put their money where
their mouths are) why is this "a problem to be considered"?
why is MS dominance require "correction"? the fact that you consider it
an anomaly shows how naive and ridiculous your position is. MS dominance
is absolutely no accident, and anyone who claims it was achieved through
anything less than honest competition is in my opinion a whining nonthinker
who is afraid of a true, free market realized.
beautiful, isn't it? one man can "capitalize" on the idiocy of others. oh,
poor IBM. they didn't *get*it* even after half a decade, perhaps an entire
decade. the big bad Gates Wolf  sunk his fangs into IBM. yes, Gates is a
dracula. hee, hee. perhaps you would like to start a government program
to help poor companies that don't have the brains to understand a market
when it is screaming at them in their faces? lets call it the "dog eat dog"
welfare fund.
IBM failed because they had no brain to recognize what was happening around
them. Gates did, and his success proves the correctness of his vision. the market is the force that will use or throw away companies as it sees
fit. it doesn't care about loyalty to a company that has lost the edge.
Gates is free to demand as much payment for his products and services that
the market will bear. if the market decides it's highway robbery, Gates
will go the way of the dodo bird.  perhaps you think that the government
should now subsidize purchase of windows 95 so that everyone can get their
all far less than the slimy tactics used by his detractors to limit his
ability to compete freely in the market, such as all the "antitrust" laws
supposedly relevant to his situation.
why should Bill be forced to do business with people who would love to
slit his throat? answer: he doesn't have to. he can flick his finger at
them. and if they misunderstand his right  to do this, they misunderstand
the essence of America.
that's absolutely what he has done, and none of your hocus-pocus flimflamery
can rebut this truth.
horrors!! you mean that if someone is successful, they have more influence
on the market?? *gasp*
Gates is free to do whatever he likes. the market decides what is appropriate
by where it spends its money. so far, it support him. are you going to argue
with everyone who spent money on MS products and say, "no, that's not really
what you wanted!!"  whose business of it is yours to limit the freedom of
consumer choice?
"Gates is selling all the widgets and gizmos!!! no fair!!!"
*gasp* -- finding out who is out to slit your throat. yes, it should be
mandatory that people can anonymously attack him (as you are doing) without
any possibility of consequence. let's just put a bag over his head and
let everyone take free punches. that would be appropriate, don't you think?
unfortunately, your puffhead arguments, falsehoods, innuendoes
 and hallucinations are beginning to grip people who matter. in fact
it is becoming quite trendy to besmirch MS.
anyone who thinks that business involves charity for the intellectually
challenged has not paid attention to reality of the free market.
funny how this statement is always assumed to apply to microsoft, not to
the companies that are trying to anonymously slash his throat in courts as a desperate resort when they have failed the egalitarian test of the marketplace.

@_date: 1995-12-21 00:22:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: attila's fallacious flagwaving 
neither do you, mr. pseudonym.   notice how nothing that MS does even
remotely resembles the *utility* business, and how painfully absurd it would
be to imply such a thing were so...
your point above, while seemingly implying something significant,
in itself gives absolutely no evidence for what you claim (i.e. that I don't
have a clue). this is quite similar to your essay in which you say that
"MS *clearly* violates free/fair trade" with nothing to support your
case other than innuendo. I am not going to play ----sizewars with you,
I wouldn't want to damage your obviously fragile selfesteem.  I wouldn't
*want* to be an expert on the ridiculous legislative laws that go under
the idea of "antitrust", which are just a convenient excuse in most cases
for the government to interfere with business when the public is whining
a lot.
this is a subjective matter. you continually lace your claims with many
subjective claims that have no basis in fact. who is to decide what is
unfair and what is not? answer: a court. so far, no court has agreed with
you that MS has been involved in unfair trade. you seem to believe that you are the authority.
you have failed utterly to give a single concrete instance of how Microsoft
is *unfairly* stifling competition, although you have infinite innuendos
and seem to think that merely by saying things like "OS2" in your writing
that you have proved your case.
 it may be that Microsoft "stifles" competition because all of its competitors are simply *choosing* not to
compete with them on certain platforms and areas. now, *no*amount*of*legislation* will change what a company decides of their own
free will in this manner.
why is it a horrible calamity if other companies voluntarily *choose* not to
compete with microsoft? is microsoft putting a gun to anyone's head not
to compete with them? are they essentially paying people not to compete
with them? are they trying to sabotage their competitors by contract
killings on their programmers? no, they are succeeding because they have a *superior product*, *nothing* more sinister than that is going on.
no amount of wet-tissue-paper conspiracy theories ranting about API
documentation is going to change that.
why is this a problem? companies change their course all the time based on
the competition. you think this is the first time a company decided to change course when they found out what a powerful competitor was doing?
*wrong*. obviously. but because MS is involved, you seem to think this
is a horrible injustice for mankind. there's no doubt that people voluntarily
choose not to compete with MS. MS voluntarily decided not to compete with
Intel for chip fabrication!! *surprise*.. likewise many software companies
choose not to compete with MS in particular areas that MS has *won* through
hard work.
MS is in the position of a marathon runner, not a tyrannical
despot as you imply. the *moment* that MS makes a bad strategic decision
or trips from their relentless pursuit of customer satisfaction, any one
of the numerous hyenas nipping at their hyenas will take advantage of the
no amount of times of saying "Bill clearly violates [x]" will prove your case
without concrete examples, none of which you have provided. furthermore,
you are correct in that I am ignoring many of your comments about "markets".
you don't seem to understand this point: MS dominates in markets that they
MS *created* the "widget" market. then to have other companies and individuals
such as yourself screech that they are being "excluded" from this market is
the height of hypocrisy, when these people voluntarily decided to "opt out"
at an early stage. this basic point of mine in my prior essay totally
sailed over your head.
 antitrust laws make sense in *pre*existing* markets that have come to be dominated by a single company, a "monopoly",
that seems to be trying to stifle competition. e.g. there are 5 railroad
companies, then suddenly there is only 1 that charges highway robbery. or, series of [x] barons collude to price fix.
what has MS done that
stifles competition? they stifle competition not by trying to overtly
prevent companies from competing. they "stifle competition" by being the
best there is. and you are free to change this by creating better software.
so far they are so ingenious in creating brilliant software that no one
has come close to their prowess.
why do you think that antitrust laws are the panacea for all problems in
markets? you haven't even proven that MS is a problem, you just take that
as a given. then you presume that because antitrust laws exist, they must
be sacred and they must apply. well, you look pretty silly to me trying to
apply your 19th century antitrust laws and feebleminded market ideas to
a state-of-the-art 20th century market that is doing just fine, thank you
very much, without interference from legislative busybodies like YOU.
do you recall the RAM "crisis" of a few years ago in which the Reagan administration accused Japan of "dumping" RAM chips? do you consider this
a success of legislation applied to high tech markets? if so you are
in the minority of all people in the technology industry.
now, dear sir, I admit that there are unethical businessmen, and I do
believe that government antitrust laws make sense when a single businessman
or a set of them are conspiring to seize a market and *prevent*competitors*
from even participating in that market. but nothing MS has done prevents
competitors a-prior. it is a far different thing to have some kind of
skullduggery that prevents others from even attempting to get into business
(such as blackmail, sabotage, manipulating their employees, manipulating
resources, etc.). however we have a clearcut situation in which various companies are simply voluntarily *choosing" not to compete with microsoft.
and you complain there is not enough "innovation" in the technological field?
you think MS' dominance is preventing "innovation"? this is the most utter
ridiculousness I've heard in many years, and I'm embarrassed to see these
thoughts on the CP list, although not surprised they come from someone
without any interest in revealing their identity.
these things you talk about with breathless patriotism are all *subjective*.
its *subjective* whether a given company is preventing competition or
free trade. there may be legislative criteria, but they are only subjective
guidelines that the courts have to try to figure out. you talk about operating systems as if it is a "public interest" area. well, sir, it seems
to me you can manipulate any company to any ends you like by insisting that
what they manufacture, after all, is in the "public interest" and therefore
this merits legislative brainless busybodiness. furthermore your silly effusive rhetoric above again fails utterly to tangibly demonstrate that MS is engaged in "unfair" practices. again you
seem to believe that MS is involved in unfair practices because
1. Gates is the richest man on the planet
2. other companies avoid competing with MS in some areas
3. OS2 is not as successful as windows
4. gosh darn it, there isn't enough *innovation* in software right now
all I can say is, hee, hee.  Bill Gates is ruthless, I grant you that:
he's ruthless in cutting the crap out of his products and the hot air
that customers *don't* want, and putting in the concrete meat that people
crave, and the marketplace has virtually deified him. to argue with MS's dominance is to argue against the people who buy his products.
why do you think they made the wrong choices? with their own cash?
your legislative solution are designed to make decisions that individuals
are quite happy to make by themselves, thank you very much.
I didn't say that. I said that his throat-slashing attackers would
*like* to be anonymous, as you delightfully prove.
oh brother. yes, Bill is going to go out and hire hit men to get back
at all his enemies. (hee, hee, once again).
what you fail to understand is that if Bill decides that other companies
are trying to slash his own company's wrists, he has full authority to make business decisions regarding their declared enmity.
apparently your miracle system would be the following: any company can
lodge an anonymous complaint against their enemy and tie that enemy up
in court without revealing their own identity. after all, we need to
*protect* those accusers, don't we??
heh. in all your sparkling effusion about America (oh, I can hear the
flag flapping in the breeze behind you, god, this country is great)
you fail to consider the ideas about "confronting ones accuser" deemed
important enough to stick in the bill of rights...
can you reiterate why you think Bill is a "barbarian"?? hee, hee.
yes, what a pity they could not. let me tell you, I really feel your
pain. hahahahaha.
my efforts in what? I have no financial ties to microsoft. I have friends
that work there. I have met plenty of people such as you who I think simply
fail to understand the concept of free enterprise, which does *not* promote
equality. in fact it rewards those people fantastically who can anticipate
markets and give consumers precisely what they want. and for this brilliant
gift of Gates' which is perhaps unparalleled in the history of business
(imho), you would like to cut up his painfully constructed kingdom so that
other people have a "chance" to "compete" in markets that Microsoft actually
originally created.
your using terms such as "anti-trust" and "restraint of trade" do not make
you any authority either. I freely admit I am not an expert, but I also think that its translucently obvious to even some of the most uneducated of people
1. if there are laws, they can be misapplied by bureacrats to manipulate
companies. a situation where companies can sabotage each other merely through
litigation is a very serious red flag.
2. because a company is not doing well in the marketplace, is not reason
to introduce legislation or litigation against a successful company.
it is a reason to REJOICE that the market has sent a CLEAR MESSAGE
about WHAT IT DOESN'T WANT. any amount of whining and pleading by executives
in this company or their sniveling sycophants does not change this *basic*
IBM got a massive reality check in the marketplace in the early 80's. no matter how much they though they were sacred, the *market* told them to **** off!!! because they didn't have a clue, and failed to listen to people who were *offering* them clues for free (Bill Gates) included.
and you whine that IBM "didn't sabotage themself", that "they weren't
their own worst enemy", they just didn't "adjust". oh, the grisly horror.
they had half a decade or more to get a clue about what the industry wanted,
and it didn't tolerate their egocentric vaporideology. cypherpunks, rejoice.
3. furthermore, because a lot of people hate a company and think that they
ought to be restrained, DOES NOT MAKE THIS LEGITIMATE or ACTIONABLE. people are notorious for wanting things they don't really want in the long run, not understanding the full consequences of their own demands. that is, perhaps even demanding something that is self-contradictory
(i.e. "kill microsoft so that we can get more software innovation", apparently
your own view).
4. antitrust laws were invented in the 19th century and originally were
related to railroad price gouging. there was some real skullduggery going
on in this period imho, but to compare Gates to these "robber barons" is
a disservice to humanity and a black mark on your karma record, imho what is my hidden agenda? to see the truth as it stands, when everyone around
is trying to see the truth that fits their hidden agenda. its a rare gift
and a curse I assure you but it's known as "speaking one's truth". as someone
who has written software and understands the difficulty of *pleasing*customers*,
I congratulate Gates as a brilliant pioneer and visionary of the 20th century
and say a pox on all his detracters that paint him as a "barbarian" for his
sterling accomplishments in *customer*service* in an insanely difficult enterprise (software development).
I wouldn't have responded to your last message if you had more coherently
rebutted the actual message of my original essay. as it stands I just thought
I would sent this little missive to further highlight your own cluelessness
and decrease your reputation on the list. having done this, I think now
I will probably just ignore you as inconsequential or take fun intermittent
potshots  at you.
sweet dreams!!

@_date: 1996-01-02 05:00:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: p vs. np etc. 
this of course would be obvious to anyone without an ego. however because
this list is really "war of the egos", it escapes everyone here (and has
for the entire existence of the list). far more fun to yell at someone publicly, esp. through a pseudonym.
interesting too how some people who use pseudonyms still cannot avoid
defending themselves when attacked. it appears that pseudonyms do not
dissociate ego-based psychology from communication. in fact to the contrary
they appear to make it more prevalent.
this would be an interesting area to study. ripe with lots of seething,
semi-conscious feelings and attitudes deep within the psyche. Freud would
have a field day with flamewars, trolls, and pseudonyms.
I object. this sounds like the 1890 patent worker who suggested the patent
office be shut down because, after all, all the important inventions had
already been invented. you are careful to attribute your opinion only
to yourself, but you must recognize how dangerous speculation about the
future is, if you wish to preserve your credibility in the long run. especially sentences that sound like, "there is not much more to be
uncovered in so-and-so area" tend to sound especially foolish from future
the Virus area is in fact ripe with study. Java is actually a language designed to prevent viruses. many have proposed operating systems for
computers that may work like the way computer viruses spread. I predict
that virus study is really going to blossom even more once Java or other
similar languages become more entrenched and "distributed computing"
really comes to the fore.
whoa, you are way off here. NP vs. P is a field *ripe* with new studies.
what these pioneers did was map out the terrain. but there are still many
*unresolved* areas of research here. P vs. NP is *entirely* unresolved.
that doesn't mean that someone has come up with an answer and everyone
says, "the field is basically complete". what it means is that a bazillion
researchers are dying to know the answers to tough questions posed by
the pioneers decades ago. it is true there is little progress in some
key areas, but only because the problems are so insanely difficult.
 the work is only "complete" in the sense that
it has posed questions that have not required any modification-- they
are still the hardest in all of mathematics and computer science, and
still not solved.
are you aware of how critical the P vs. NP question is to cryptography?
theoretically public key cryptography and many other forms in common use
today would be "impossible" if P= NP. I've met some very good cryptographers
who don't understand this basic point of computer theory. they think one
can always just create more ingenious algorithms.
uhm, I have to side with PM on this one -- I vote for 40-something slacker. the noise is a periodic reoccurence because of the basic list architecture.
personally I enjoy it immensely. it's all the grandeur and muck of
seething human psychology in digital form.  no amount of continual concerned messages will ever change the basic fact that the list architecture
by design is highly conducive to noise. to complain about this is like
complaining that cars emit exhaust. well, yes, but that's the basic design.
you can't get rid of the exhaust until you experiment with a new design.
I'm actually not necessarily in favor of a new design here either, even
though I have suggested variations/alternatives frequently. as I say, I
enjoy it here a lot.
hee, hee. "meltdown". love that term. but again you mix big egos and
a totally open list (throw in a little cryptoanarchy for more explosive
force), and this is the inevitable result. there's nothing
perplexing or mystifying why this happens. its the basic conclusion reaffirmed zillions of times by many years of this list activity.
to complain about this reminds me of person who murdered his parents
and then pleads to the court that he was an orphan who deserves relief.
that is, this situation here is the creation of everyone who participates,
and those who suffer are precisely those that created it. cyberspatial
karma if you will.
well you can always post a exasperated message in which you declare you've
had it with the list, period, and are not going to hang out here any more.
there is a precedent for that kind of thing.

@_date: 1996-01-03 15:09:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: CIA intelligence info 
some interesting info on apparent efforts by the CIA spooks to get into
economic espionage and be more "user friendly" .. (blecch)
------- Forwarded Message
FRM: Ron Pappas
FOR: All
- - -=> Quoting Paul McGinnis <=-
April 12, 1994 --           the CIA released a document in February
1994 called "A Consumer's Guide to Intelligence". My copy arrived today,
so I will provide a review for interested parties. This item has a slick marketing feel to it, similar to that of a prospectus
for a new stock or something given to prospective car buyers. It's even
printed on glossy paper. About the only thing missing, that other marketing
documents have, is color photographs of happy employees. Apparently, in
this era of shrinking budgets, it was prepared to "sell" the Intelligence
Community to various government officials. In fact, inside the front cover,
is the statement "This publication is prepared for the use of US government
officials, and the format, coverage, and content are designed to meet
their specific requirements."
So, what's the content like? It discusses what various intelligence
agencies actually do, types of intelligence, how intelligence is collected
(helpful tip: if you have just come back from an exotic foreign country,
the U.S. government would really like to have a friendly chat with you...)
and the reports that can be provided to policymakers. For example, if you
have enough political clout, you can get a free subscription to the
following (quoted verbatim from page 23 of the CIA publication):
  Defense Intelligence Agency Current Assessments
  _______________________________________________
  A tabloid product that provides a brief and timely assessment of an
  ongoing military or military-related situation or recent development
  considered highly significant to national-level decisionmakers.
Given the word "tabloid" one wonders if it features lurid New York Post
style headlines, such as "Serbian general's secret Bosnian girlfriend"...
There are a few surprises though. For example, among current large consumers
of intelligence information, it lists the Department of Agriculture and
the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). They also discuss the rarely
mentioned MASINT field (Measurements and Signatures Intelligence). MASINT
involves using scientists and engineers to study other characteristics
of intelligence information gathered. For example, although it is not
stated in this publication, it is believed that MASINT specialists studied
the spectral characteristics of Soviet rocket exhausts to determine the
fuel mixture used in the rocket.
How does one obtain a copy of this document? It is available for $12.50
to addresses in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, and $25.00 elsewhere. (There
was an error in the NTIS database entry I posted earlier which indicated the
price was $17.50). Also, you need to add $3.00 for postage per order (not
per copy) in the U.S., Canada and Mexico, and $4.00 for postage elsewhere.
To order, make checks payable to NTIS, and request item # PB93-928021 from
  U.S. Department of Commerce
  National Technical Information Service
  Springfield, VA  22161
  phone (703) 487-4650
Ask for a free copy of their catalog of products and services.
So, is it worth ordering? If you are interested in intelligence, I recommend
this publication. Also, it might be a good thing to leave laying around on
your coffee table if you have "politically correct" visitors... Paul McGinnis / TRADER
- - ------------------------------------------------
(This file was found elsewhere on the Internet and uploaded to the
Patriot FTP site by S.P.I.R.A.L., the Society for the Protection of
Individual Rights and Liberties. E-mail alex
The College Board 864.878.7340  FIDO - 1:3639/60

@_date: 1996-01-04 08:53:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: NYT's _Unmuzzling the Internet_ 
the laws are very likely to be challenged almost from the instant they
become active by EFF et. al-- there are a lot of powerful legal allies
against it.
however, to borrow from Nietzche, "that which attempts to destroy the
net will only help it grow stronger".
Congressmen and governments have a choice: be a friend or enemy of cyberspace. if they choose the latter, they will simply become increasingly irrelevant.
cyberspace will inevitably transcend local regulatory laws and feebleminded bureacrats in the long run. if parts of it have to go "underground" to do so, that will be the approach.
a network that is impervious to these misguided bureacrats, far from
being a waste of time developing as you write, would be a very, very significant achievement. it would be a form of technology that resists
attack on more than merely technological grounds but work in ideological areas as well.
I am all for helping congressmen "get a clue" at this moment in time.
the Digital Telephony bill is not a declaration of war. when they try
to tax Cyberspace or get the FCC to regulate it, or outlaw cryptography,
*that* will be a declaration of war.

@_date: 1996-01-05 05:12:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: No Subject 
interesting idea. but I suspect you could prove there is no such function indecent_p(n) by other ideas you present in your article,
namely diagonalization and the use of encryption schemes.
rough sketch: it would be easy to create an "encryption" or
encoding scheme that maps 'n' for which indecent_p(n) is true onto 'm' for which indecent_p(m)
is false, and vice versa, for sufficiently complex indecent_p(n)
("insufficiently complex" versions of the function would be e.g.
versions that are true or false for only a finite number of cases,
or other situations).
hence you get a contradiction.
this all is under the heading of "steganography" of course. it seems
to me some interesting basic theorems in steganography such as the
above are waiting to be explored, in the way that Shannon explored
some of the very basic information theory areas without really giving
a lot of practical results.
in fact what annoys me about people is that they talk about various
functions as if they can even exist, when it is transparently obvious they
cannot; another common example here:
- "detect_encryption(n)" where n is a message. endlessly assumed in
various messages here on the list of people who fear a police state.
- "detect_randomness(n)" where n is a sequence. presumably used
by a police state to outlaw random strings. (similar to above)
this ties in with another point I like to make in this line of thinking:
Shakespeare once said, "there is nothing good or evil, but thinking makes
it so". I would say, "there are no tyrannical laws, but thinking makes
it so". it seems to me a lot of people here do the hard intellectual labor
of trying to figure out/anticipate how a police state could exist in the 20th century of cyberspace. be careful what you think about, because
thinking can make it so.

@_date: 1996-01-05 05:30:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Hammill 1987 speech 
the Hammill 1987 speech is interesting and prescient but also contains
some of the subtle mind-biases and prejudices of rabid libertarians
that are easy for outsiders to spot. some day I might write a more
ambitious essay on this, but for now I'll list a few items and suggest some
counterclaims that will fry any libertarians brain. all these ideas
have analogues to cryptography which I'll elucidate as best I can.
1. weaponry is good in the hands of individuals, tyrannical in the hands
of the state.
the analogy is with the crossbow and other weapons. as a logical
consequence of these ideas, it seems libertarians
think that utopia could be achieved if everyone could build their own
backyard nukes. they are obsessed with the idea of "deterrence" which
is a fancy word for MAD feer, mutual assured destruction fear.
the analogy to cryptography is: cryptography is good in the hands of individuals, tyrannical in the hands of the state.
again the idea is that the stronger the cryptography available to the
individual, the better. however I don't want to get into any of the guns == crypto arguments..
2. the world is screwed up because governments have made it that way.
this is such a silly premise but vast masses have subscribed to it since the beginning of time. it's easy to say that any problem you have
with your finances or your pet poodle is the fault of the Government,
Big Business, or whatever. libertarians are especially clever in constantly inventing new terms, synonymous with "enemy" but not quite
so coarse and vulgar ("statist" is the current favorite epithet), to name their endless list of bogeymen who prevent them from supposedly achieving their full potential in life.
why is it that libertarians have not created their own state long ago,
but continue to stay in countries that they claim oppress them? I have
never heard a satisfactory response to this.  the real answer of course
is that the rabid libertarians will never find a system they like, they
will criticize anything that exists, and never work to find a better
alternative through constructive, positive means, but are happy to try
to sabotage whatever has been built by others in the name of some
noble and holy guerrilla war.
the analogy to crypto: any technology such as crypto that helps people avoid governments, and hide their dealings, promotes utopia. governments
are the root of all evil, and anything that destroys them destroys 3. the government vs. the people dichotomy
endlessly, even in a system that is expressly designed to present this
polarization, libertarians subscribe to the idea of "us vs. them" in
every avenue of reality. this thinking is entirely the same as that
held by the NSA and cold war defense contractors. what's the difference?
none.  we have a system in which the designers said it was "of, by, and
for the people", but a libertarian cannot handle this unity, nor can
apparently any other citizen in the US that criticizes their government
as if it is something apart from themselves.
cryptography helps people preserve these illusions of separation.
there are people who are "in" and "out" and those "out" cannot read
your messages. what prevents leaks from "in" to "out"? libertarians
would like to have you believe they have solved this problem with technology. but it is not a technological problem. it is an issue
of trust, something that cannot be formalized or preserved by any
invention. but don't tell this to a libertarian, who has dedicated
his entire ideology to attempting to prove that one can actually
achieve human integrity & utopia through technology alone and
insisting that anything else is wholly superfluous.
4. egalitarianism: libertarians are always saying that we don't
have it and ranting about this injustice. but in their arguments, such as Hammill's, you will always find subtle arguments that they don't really want egalitarianism: some individuals should
have an "edge" with their technology over those who seek to oppress them.
they would be all for it if individuals had the capability to create
atom bombs but somehow governments did not. the philosophy is inherently
desiring inequality at its root.  the implication with crypto is that
governments should have to reveal everything but individuals can have total secrecy.
beware of someone who tells you that utopia cannot currently be realized
1. governments ("they") do not allow it for "us".
2. there are a lot of people preventing it from being realized, and we
have to *get*rid* of them first.
3. the correct technology does not yet exist. once it is invented, however,
all problems will be solved.
I'm not actually going to rebut any of these outright other than to
the degree I have, and point out that history is ample evidence they are
all false.  of course I don't expect any of the libertarians to understand
my points, but frankly I think I am going to enjoy watching obtuse and
angry flames for pushing the hot buttons.

@_date: 1996-01-08 14:21:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Hammill 1987 speech 
Mr. Bell: if I were to summarize my arguments, they would be that governments
are the way that they are not so much because they attract certain
dysfunctional individuals, but rather because they are microcosms
and macrocosms of human psychology. the problems with government
that libertarians rant about are problems with human behavior.
the solution is not to get rid of governments-- this is confusing
cause and effect, symptom and cause. the solution is to work on
human behavior. when humans begin to think in a different,
positive way, their governing systems will automatically reflect the change.
my essay was designed to show the negative aspects of governments
that rabid libertarians are always endlessly ranting about are actually
embodied in the psychologies of those libertarians themselves. therefore,
while I agree with the libertarian that there are many problems with
governments, I see no reason to believe that libertarians are proposing
a workable alternative, based on their own stark biases and prejudices. in fact it seems quite obvious to me that their own "alternatives" are
either "vaporware" or would be far worse in practice than even the
dysfunctional systems we have in place today.
rabid libertarianism reminds me of Marxism: sounds great in theory, and
you might even convince large parts of the population or key people in
power to follow it. but does it truly present an implementable and workable
alternative? where are the specifics?
identifying problems with government is quite trivial. this is destructive
criticism, analogous to the guerilla warfare of words that rabid libertarians
love. but criticism is easy compared to construction of something that works.
when you focus your attempts on creating a system that embodies your
ideals instead of ranting at those that do not (and complaining that
you cannot because governments prevent you), you will make far more
progress in developing your ideas and convincing the world to follow you
than any number of essays can accomplish.
if libertarianism is truly workable, shouldn't it be workable on
small scales? what prevents individuals from actually starting it going
at a small scale and growing it? that is the path that every government
and nation has taken since the beginning of time, why do you think you
should be exmempt?
I don't see that any of your response to my essay detract from this
basic message so I'm going to pass on a detailed reply.

@_date: 1996-01-10 23:22:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SSN collection prank 
I haven't seen this here. somewhat amusing.
------- Forwarded Message
- - ---------- Forwarded message ----------
- - ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Thank you for your response.
Please send Full names and Social Security Numbers of anyone you know,
including government officers and/or employees, to: Clint Danbury, Box 750037, Petaluma, CA 94975-0037
email: danbury
Questions And Answers On The Nationwide SSN Collection Project.
- - -1-	Why are you collecting SSNs ?
Answer: For fun and amusement.  - - -2-	What do you plan to do with them ?
Answer: Put them on sweatshirts and sell them through specialty
clothing retailers.  It has been suggested also that I post them on
large billboards along the Mexican border, but I don't have enough
capital to pull of such a stunt at this time.
- - -3-     How long do you intend to continue this ?
Answer:   Until it becomes illegal.  The moment any legitimate
government authority informs me of the specific laws which (A) Forbid
the collection, recording, and distribution of SSNs by private parties,
and (B) Provide legal recourse for the individual citizen against
private parties which do so, I will stop.
- - -4-     What if the government finds out what you're doing ?
Answer:    First off, the government knows very well what I'm doing.
I've been "reported" multiple times to the SSA and the Secret Service.
Secondly, the government can find me quite easily (I'm in the phone
book).  Third, I will cooperate completely with any legitimate
government authority.
- - -5-     Here's my ex-spouse's SSN; will you make him/her miserable for
Answer:   Hell No ! If you want me to engage in illegal activity for
you, then go somewhere else !
- - -6-     Isn't what you are doing illegal ?
Answer:   Not according to the SSA.  They have declared the private use
of the SSN unrestricted.  (More on this in a few questions)
- - -7-     If My name/SSN were in your database, would you tell me ?
Answer: In order for me to confirm this, you must first tell me what
your full name and SSN is, then I will tell you if you were already in
there.  If this sounds like two-faced hypocrisy, great!  I got the idea
from CBI-Equifax; that's their very own policy.  If you don't tell them
what your SSN is, they won't tell you what they've got on you.
Therefore, I have decided to do the exact same thing.  (If you don't
believe it, then why don't you call them and ask for yourself?)
- - -8-     What if someone did the same thing to you ? How would YOU feel
Answer:  This already has  happened to me.  I told the SSA office about
it, repeatedly, and they would take no action.  (The story appears in
the next answer.)
- - -9-     How did this all start ?
Answer:    In 1985, a co-worker learned that I object to the
"Uni-Number" concept of identifying a single person across multiple
databases.  I was (and still am) specifically concerned about the use
of the SSN for Non-Tax identification.  The company placed our SSNs on
our name tags, which, thankfully, we did not have to wear constantly,
although we would occasionally have to display it for a guard during
certain times.
This co-worker went poking through my briefcase while I was out of my
office, copied down my SSN, and then, for his own fun and amusement
(I'm guessing at his motives, I don't know his true reasons) displayed
it for me, and would not tell me where he got it.  Seeing that this
angered me, he then went to other co-workers, who joined him in making
my SSN even more public.  They then went to the personnel files, (which
the company made no attempt to keep locked) and double-checked the
number with my job application.  After that, they memorized it, and,
(again, I'm guessing here) for their own amusement, they would recite
it in unison around the lunch table.  (I know this sounds impossible,
but it really did happen.)
After that job ended (not very happily, surprise) I let myself cool off
for a few months, and then moved to another city.  During my time in
that other city, I contacted the SSA office there, seeking another
SSN.  I made dozens of phone calls and wrote letter after letter, all
to no avail.  My letters got shorter and to-the-point, not long drawn
out things.  It took only 30 seconds to read them.  This continued for
several months.
The result was always the same: words without action, and no
replacement SSN.
The company in that city went down the tube, and I had to move again.
I wrote and called off-and-on over the next few years, and got the same
treatment; empty words, stall-him-off, and they would make no statement
one way or the other.
In September of 1993 (perhaps an earlier date, I'm not sure) the SSA
finally came out and gave their official written approval for
unrestricted use of the SSN by private individuals and private
organizations for any purpose, including fun and amusement.  The
pamphlet is entitled "Your Social Security Number", is SSA Publication
05-10002, and dated September/1993.  You can get a copy by calling them
at 1-800-772-1213.
On page 9 of that pamphlet, they have finally removed all restrictions
on the private use of the SSN and they've put it in writing...
"Because there is no law concerning the use  of a person's Social
Security number by a  private individual or organization, Social
Security has no control over such use."
So, if those are the rules they've made, fine.  Those are the rules by
which I'll act.  The collection and distribution of other people's SSNs
is (as you've just read) a legally unrestricted activity and that's
exactly what I'm doing.
- - -10-    Where do you get the SSNs ?
Answer: "...there is no law..." so, just like CBI, TRW, TU, et.al., I
don't have to tell you where I got yours.  Ask CBI where they got your
SSN; they won't tell you, and neither will I.
- - -11-    How do you check for accuracy ?
This question bothered me a lot at first, however, it has become
astoundingly simple to check whether a number is accurate or not.  So,
just exactly how do I do this ?   CBI doesn't have to tell, and neither
do I.  "...there is no law..."
- - -12-    How can I get a copy of your list ?
Answer: Unfortunately, I have found the drones to outnumber the
worker-bees by a factor of about 10-to-1.  This is not the
soup-kitchen, it's a group project.  If you want SSNs from me, then I
want SSNs from you.  In the past, I offered a 1-for-1 exchange.  I will
no longer make that public offer.  What is offered is this: If you will
send me full names and SSNs of prominently elected officials,
media-babes, et.al., then I will (to the extent my database allows)
send you back full names and SSNs of other prominent politicians and
media babes, 1-for-1 if I can.  Of course, full names and SSNs of any
individual or group are still welcome, they just don't qualify for the
1-for-1 offer.
           (Better Living Thru Better Living)                     **************************************************************************
 X        SNAIL ME         +      GABRIELLI'S (Mendocino,CA, USA)         0
 X      YER ROSEHIPS       +                                              0
 X IF YOU LIKED THIS POST! + *Pinot Noir* & *ASCENZA* (WHITE-BLEND)-YUMMY!0
 **************************************************************************
            [Ask Fer  "Mendocino,Ca. -- *Gabrielli Wine*"  at              ++++ more info:  ++++

@_date: 1996-01-13 04:27:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: PRZ "battle lost" 
regarding PRZ,
SP wrote earlier that "we have gained nothing--the US can still harass
people over cryptographic algorithms".  that's true, but that's a side effect of our legal system, not of our
secret government bureacracy (the NSA etc).
it has always been the case that someone with lots of money, time, and
lawyers can harass someone else in the courts without any leg to
stand on. the government does not have a monopoly on this capability,
and in fact they can arguably be shown to be a minor player when it
comes to what happens every day in the business world.
you can consume someone else's time and money significantly,
and scare them into submission, without ever even going to trial, through
pre-trial hearings and all that kind of thing.
is there an alternative? yes, but it involves fewer lawyers than are
in the US today.
however I don't see lawyers as the problem, but a symptom of something
deeper: the tendency of people to resort to legal action to settle
even trivial disputes.
I for example am aware of a case where someone threatened to sue a well-known kook on the internet for "libel" for material that was
clearly satire, and the supposed "libel" was committed--AGAINST A PSEUDONYM!!
so to me all the lawyers are not the problem, but the attitude in our
society that if you have been offended in some way, you should use the legal system to get "justice".
a rather immature kind of mentality, of course, but who am I to criticize
an infant for being an infant? I suppose its partly my mistake if I
run into an adult that is actually an infant and I don't realize it at

@_date: 1996-01-17 17:00:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: remarkable recent stories 
I haven't seen much dialogue on some key things that have popped up
recently of high relevance to this list; forgive me if these are covered
in threads (inappropriately named?):
1. GNN had an article in which Madsen (puzzle palace coauthor I believe)
stated that the NSA was trying to restrict anonymity by working behind
the scenes with Lotus, Microsoft, etc.  major meat for TCM's "NSA visits"
compendium assuming he's still working on it.  also, it sounds like the
most direct evidence that the NSA is working against anonymity in cyberspace, something that really surprises me.
2. the same article had Madsen stating that the NSA is vacuuming down
Internet traffic. he gave the likely entry points that they are doing this.
this is one of the first major credible insistences I've seen that
the NSA is doing this. (there are of course a bazillion urban legends
that the NSA does this). Madsen claimed that some private companies
were getting contracts for the work. hmmmmmmm, possibility of some
cyphersabotage here, like what went on with mycotronix? (sp?)
3. the absolute biggest blockbuster of them all: the NSA supposedly
did a study about how crypto regulations affect US competitiveness in
the international marketplace and *concluded* they were damaging it.
(surprise!!)  the Commerce Dept. has recommended *easing* export regulations.  this is very notable for several reasons:
- The NSA would probably not release the study unless they were hinting
at a new policy decision. they do a bazillion studies surely but none of
them see the light of the public day. why would they release *this* one?
- the commerce dept is probably heavily influenced by the NSA-- i.e. I doubt
that they would come out with a favorable recommendation for crypto unless
the NSA approved. however, on the other hand, in the articles there was
a caveat that "if the military and spy agencies allow it". not sure what
was meant by that.
- what I wonder is if the same NSA study was more comprehensive and tried
to look at the overall implications of current or altered crypto export
policy. i.e., did they try to address the question, "what would really
happen to overall US situation if crypto were unregulated? would it mean
better business? more or less crime?" etc.  I have said this before, but
everyone seems to *assume* that unrestricted crypto necessarily releases
the 4 horsemen of the infocalypse, but what if an actual *study* was
done, that potentially *contradicts* this idea? there are many examples of
new technology being introduced that has an effect far different than
that anticipated by the masses or the conventional wisdom, and often much
more benign than expected.
- what this all suggests to me is a possible major policy/political
switch inside the NSA in which possibly someone who is more in favor of code making than code breaking is gaining the reigns. its tough to guess based on the NSA's entrails, but recent events are some pretty odiferous entrails, I'd be interested to here what others think.

@_date: 1996-01-18 04:54:27
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: FW: Net Control is Thought Control 
I have already conceded this point. hence there is definitely a difference
between "coercive persuasion" and "persuasion". but my point is that
there are other shades of "persuasion" that still have the smell of
brainwashing and propaganda techniques (even though they aren't "coercive"
in the sense there is a prisoner involved).
but humans are subject to influence no matter how paranoid they are
about being influenced. its a basic human instinct. that's my point.
peer pressure always arises in all groups, not because humans are
malicious, but because they are humans, and humans are social animals.
(perhaps you consider yourself an exception to this rule)
then why can entire societies fall victim, such as Nazi germany?
answer: because individuals are fallible. and unlike you, I don't necessarily blame the victim if they fall victim to extremely sophisticated
brainwashing techniques.
true, but this has little to do with what I was talking about. my point
was that consensus and its perception (not presence or absence of various opinions) is what can be subject to manipulation in cyberspace.
[flamewar manufactured by one person]
it is easy to say you don't care, but this is patently false in the
grand scheme of things. suppose
that 9 of the last 10 flamewars on this list were actually carefully
orchestrated, *manufactured* by a single person interested in making
this point, and teasing people that refused to believe that rampant
dischord can be sown through a barrage of pseudonyms. the numerous yellings and screechings on this list are ample evidence that most people *do* care about excessive flamewars, and various opinions, posted to this list.
how can you be so sure that the cypherpunks lists is really what you think it is? a bunch of people from around the country independently
interested in crypto? an agent provacteur, or agent saboteur, could
create a vastly different perception regardless of the input of other
another very interesting effect to measure is the following: if there
is already a lot of mail on a list, people tend to post less. hence,
if someone (individual) littered the list with many pseudonymous posts under different names, then people
who might have contributed otherwise could tend not to post. hence
the problem of "real" dialogue is aggravated as a larger percentage of pseudonymous posts appear.
don't care? fine by me. (g) just provides a good opportunity for someone to work with "willing research subjects".

@_date: 1996-01-20 01:40:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "cybertage" 
how about a new term for all the various enemies of cyberspatial advancement? the censors, the luddites, the spooks, the politicians,
the demagogues, the rabid media (all of which there seems to be no shortage of lately):
"cyberteurs" engaging in "cybertage"
now if we can only get a strong stigma associated with the words and
label all the enemies with it. I think it could really stick. a sort
of reaction by cyberspatial citizens against all the encroachments
and disrespect.

@_date: 1996-01-21 12:57:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: "cybertage" 
well, around the turn of the century, Luddites were smashing looms with
hammers. we have not quite reached that stage, but the negativity, hyperbole, and paranoia sown by "cyberteurs" engaging in "cybertage"
has a similar effect, and may eventually turn into the same form.
by "demonization" I tend to imagine that this means one insists the
evil soul must get no sympathy, compassion, or help. quite the opposite
I believe with "cyberteurs"-- they just need a little education to
lose their own antagonism. I am no way advocating a holy war; only suggesting
that we try to create a STIGMA with the position that there is something
evil about cyberspace, just as the opponents have already created a
STIGMA associated with cyberspace to some degree. there is already a
stigma associated with cyberteurs and cybertage-- I am only suggesting
that it be made more distinct through the terminology.
its a label. what is the difference between calling someone a "saboteur"
or a "cyberteur"? are you going to argue that the media etc. are *not*
sabotaging cyberspace through some of their more odious actions? to the
contrary, I see these terms as "reality checks".
your smugness and complacency is alarming. I agree that they hold the
losing position in *theory*, but reality is not about what is best
in theory. that which is best doesn't win out to an extensive PR
campaign, often. being "correct" is not enough in a world of people
who believe in incorrect philosophies; one must broadcast one's correctness
to the world, and terminology is heavily important in this endeavor.
I am all for this, while at the same time suggesting that "cybertage"
being sown by some demagogues is out of line. I am not proposing that
every opponent of some form of "cyberspace" be labelled a "cyberteur",
only the more radical ones, such as Exon etc.
a big part of getting a message out is terminology.
you seem to be awfully naive. from their perspective, the product may
become a rousing success, moving into areas they weren't able to penetrate
prior to their decision. why do you think they "made a mistake"? I doubt
any executive will think that even after a lot of attempted persuasion.
I'm all for your approaches. I wouldn't call Lotus a "cyberteur" engaging
in "cybertage". I would however talk about them in the following way:
"Lotus must be careful not to continue to pursue their course of action
or they may begin to bear the stigma of a cyberteur engaging in cybertage".
you see? I didn't actually *call* them anything. the stigma of the term
can be useful.
again, I am not in favor of holy wars. if something can be accomplished
through modest and minor means, by all means go for it. however in many
situations these means may have been exhausted and more shrill, guerrilla
tactics are required. I believe we are rapidly entering that realm this
moment with things like Digitial Telephony, Exon, NSA secret company
visits, etc.

@_date: 1996-01-26 08:41:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: RANT: cypherpunks do NSA's job for them!! 
TCM wrote a long post about how the ITAR tends to prevent just
about any kind of crypto software and hardware development, and
that even importing crypto into the U.S. is likely to be outlawed
if not already illegal.
but I think this whole line of complex thinking and pontificating
is really yucky, and it embarrasses and exasperates me to see it here of all places, and from TCM of all people. it really bugs me how much cypherpunks try to point out the "gotchas" in all
the laws with crypto. when we become *experts* on these laws, and
tell people why they prevent them from doing various things, we
are actually *supporting* them.
that is the ultimate test of legitimacy: what do you do when you
hear someone wants to do something that would seem to "break a law"?
when you tell them that "what you are doing breaks the law", you are
implicitly revealing that *you*support*that*law*.
the way to *not*support*a*law* is *not* to play these games. not to
second guess what the NSA is doing, how they would react to some
situation, etc.  not to point out what you think they would do if
someone violated their list of "naughty no-nos"
the NSA benefits from the *perceived* straightjacket. the NSA succeeds
by creating a *perception* of restriction, regardless of enforcement.
you *perpetuate* this perception by keeping a handy list of all the
ways that crypto software and hardware development is *impossible* and
repeatedly rebroadcasting it to your friends and public forums like this.
the NSA *loses* through public confrontation, which focuses the
spotlight on the atrociousness of their agenda.
isn't this list the first place that people should say and emphasize,
THE LAWS ARE NOT EXACT. THERE IS ROOM FOR MANEUVERING. PEOPLE SHOULD
CHALLENGE THEM IN COURT.
we are *not* breaking the law or encouraging breaking the law in saying
this. we are *challenging* the law. we are
saying, "no matter what law is passed, the ultimate test of legitimacy
of any law is whether it is supported by our judicial system. many
NSA 'laws' have *never* been tested, and therefore they are *all* suspect!!
we *encourage* people to challenge them, and do a noble service for our country
in clarifying what the laws *really* are!!"
do you think these ITAR laws are legitimate, or not? if they are *not*,
then why do you *treat*them*as*such????
the ridiculous debate about whether the 4 line perl code was illegal or legal was PLAYING INTO THE HANDS OF THE NSA.   the NSA *wants* people
to think twice every time they write a modulo function, and all the
endless legal pontificating on this list is a gift from heaven to them.
what *really* exasperates me is TCM saying that "even importing code
is likely to be illegal, because if it is legal now it is likely to
be outlawed". well, WHO SAYS?? this is a *beautiful* example of a place
where some REAL CYPHERPUNKS WITH SOME BALLS could challenge the government, and possibly get the support of some strong allies (EFF,
business interested in crypto such as Netscape, Microsoft, Lotus, etc)
if they were challenged in court.  this is a *perfect* opportunity
for someone to import the crypto, and get it into the market-- don't
you see that the government would then be put at a *disadvantage*
*even*if* they decided they were against it and tried to introduce bills-- it would get the publicity
of newspapers and the focus of people watching congress do something
that has been done in the shadows by the NSA for so long (and one of
the main reasons they have gotten away with it).  imagine the brilliant
"photo opportunity" of customs agents trying to stop someone at
an airport because of them taking in computer disks!!!
there is a line of thinking here that goes, "keep your head down, and
don't challenge anything that even *might* be illegal". but I tell you
that is NOT how odious laws are removed. that is exactly how they
are PERPETUATED. we *win* through major public confrontation over
crypto issues. are we *ashamed* because we want strong crypto? is
it something to *hide*??
what TCM's whole essay epitomizes is the *exact*chilling*effect* that the NSA
is aiming for. all this debate about what the current laws actually allow
*begs*the*point* and does not support our agenda for the spread of
crypto, and in fact is detrimental to it.
instead, we need to broadcast to the world the message
"its a gray area, and we cypherpunks are *dying* for someone to challenge this in court, we would actually lend them our support and rally around them as we did with PRZ".
ok, now someone is going to say, OK wiseguy, why don't YOU do it. that
is not my point. my point is that we merely need to get the message that
even though many cpunks are spineless sheep who don't have the balls to challenge the laws themselves, or even suggest this in public,
instead endlessly yammering about what is 100% kosher and what isn't (you don't have to say that part (g), ...
"we would support someone who challenges these laws!!!"
the idea that MS signing a cryptographic package from outside this country
constitutes EXPORT OF AN ALGORITHM is OUTRAGEOUS. of course you agree with
me, but the way to demonstrate you agree is to not put up with it. DEFY
any bogus law that you think is bogus!! the test of the legitimacy of
a law is our *court*system*, not what government bureacrats tell you to
do!! and every day that someone listens to a government bureacrat, and
not *what*a*court*thinks*, a little bit of our precious freedom is eroded.
what scares and infuriates me is that by the NSA's standards,
the cypherpunks turn out to me some of the most "law abiding" citizens regarding crypto than anyone else in the entire country...!!!
maybe TCM, who in this case imho is part of the PROBLEM and not part of
the SOLUTION, and an example of how our own behavior is sabotaging our
key goals, will think twice when he writes another *sskissing,
tedious "what the NSA thinks about [x]" post.
this ends my semi-periodic rant-of-the-moment. we return you to your
regular listless dialogue.

@_date: 1996-01-26 10:41:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: RANT: cypherpunks do NSA's job for them!! 
the Tao of bad government: if you really want to get rid of a law, act and
think at all times as if it doesn't even exist.
how do "laws" work? the policeman coming to arrest you is only one
part of the process. the court handing down a decision is another part.
your friends, family, associates, etc. constantly
*reminding* you of that law is the major, critical, unseen mechanism
in propagation of laws.
laws are about perception. the government does not want to arrest everyone
that breaks a law. they do not want to have to enforce laws.
they want the law *not*to*be*broken*. the key way
that is done is through public perception that "doing so-and-so" can't
be done, that it "breaks the law". how is this public perception
propagated? whenever discussion of "so-and-so" is brought up, everyone
verbally thinks, agrees, acts as if, "you can't do so-and-so".
if no one is aware of a law, that law effectively *does*not*exist*.
there are a bazillion laws in the government that are never enforced,
because no one ever thinks of them. because everyone affected by it is always thinking about the ITAR, it largely does not even need to be enforced. the government has succeeded in
a pavlovian conditioning of the populace whenever any law is

@_date: 1996-01-27 06:29:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: RANT: cypherpunks do NSA's job for them!! 
it was not my point at all to "demonstrate conclusively" that ignoring
a law helps create opposition to a law. actually, I was not talking
about opposition to a law at all. my main point was that for a law
to work, people must *actively*support* it. by not supporting a
law, it effectively ceases to exist.
 in other words, what you consider
"opposition" to laws in fact may be playing into the hands of the NSA.
by taking the laws very seriously (such as the preposterous ideas that
bureacrats are allowed to prevent companies from even exporting software
with "hooks" in it, and effectively allowing spooks to vet every
piece of crypto code written in this supposedly free country) you
are doing NSA's "heavy lifting" *for* them.
these laws would be no problem if nobody followed them, if nobody gave
a damn about them. *opposition* in many ways is the wrong mindset.
by opposing the laws, you implicitly reveal that you believe they are
legitimate, that they are enforceable, that they are important to
conform to, etc (all the things that cpunks publicly deny). by ignoring them, you put your reality where your mouth is. it sounds
paradoxical, but ignoring a law is far more destructive to it
than opposing it!!
"when the wise hear of the Tao, they are intrigued. when the skeptical hear of the Tao, they scoff. when
the stupid hear of the Tao, they laugh loudly".

@_date: 1996-01-27 07:20:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: more RANTING about NSA-friendly cpunks 
ah, thanks for the ringing endorsement.
hence my advice: if one talks about these laws, at least insert the
caveat and reminder: we think they are bogus, we are waiting for
someone to challenge them, we doubt a court would uphold a ban
on export of "crypto hooks" or "signing foreign crypto code", and
at least we'd be interested in the court fight, and probably support
whoever tried.
do you see I am not asking anyone to be crucified here? I'm merely
asking cpunks to emphasize the attitudes that are actually serving
the "spread the crypto" agenda!!
@ you miss the point. words like "a looming threat like the
ITAR" again play into the hands of the NSA. if you think the law
is illegitimate, use something like, "the silly bureacratese of the
ITAR" or something similar. *you* give away your own power to a law
whenever *you* believe it is a significant factor in your life. what is the worst that has happened to anyone from the "looming threat
of the ITAR" for illegal *crypto*export*?? a visit by the NSA men in black?? what are the supposed teeth that are preventing from anyone
from even challenging the algorithm sections of the ITAR??
has anyone *tried* just ignoring the ITAR wrt crypto and seeing what would happen? the gubbermint blindly thinks that cyberspace will inevitably bring the wrath of four horsemen of the infocalypse, but aren't we
equally as comic in assuming that violating the ITAR crypto sections
will inevitably bring the 4 horsemen of the NSA??
(please do NOT give me examples of how drug-dealer-x or arms-smuggler-y
got a bazillion years in prison for violating the ITAR-- obviously you
would have completely missed my point: I'm talking about the *crypto*
sections of the ITAR!!)
 I mean, what if somebody made a big show of OPENLY AND
FLAGRANTLY VIOLATING THE ITAR? *nothing* such as this has ever happened.
its exactly what we need. (I am thinking more of something on the corporate
level, not individual level). all the sheep on this list would cringe in
horror at my suggestion, but can you *prove* that something bad would
happen to you? do you really think the bogeyman is going to get you if
you do so? actions speak louder than words...
you don't understand this point I have repeatedly reiterated. DISCUSSING THE ISSUE AMOUNTS TO SUBMISSION.  the moment that you
even THINK about the problem, the law is doing exactly what it was
*designed* to do, *succeeding* in dampening something that we supposedly
*claim* can't and shouldn't be dampened? how is it dampened? BY OURSELVES!!!
if people actually did what they wanted "regardless of the NSA's perceptions",
then we would have exactly what we are always whining for, and that's
exactly what I'm advocating.  but in fact what everyone is doing is
paying close attention to what how the NSA would view some supposed
action, taking the NSA's opinion on the ITAR as *law* (gosh, when did
the NSA get the authority to make/interpret/enforce laws?) and backing
off from anything.
there are THREE SOLID WAYS that crypto could be spread like widfire
RIGHT NOW but I have seen them argued against by people on the list
on the basis that "the NSA wouldn't approve". well, SCREW THE NSA!!!
do you want to protect the NSA or DON'T YOU???
1. CRYPTO HOOKS into legitimate crypto software. the companies
export the software to their hearts content and challenge the government
in court if prevented.
2. SIGNING FOREIGN CODE. the fact that MS doesn't want to even sign
foreign implementations of code for fear of some supposed NSA
disapproval is atrocious spinelessness.
3. IMPORTING THE CRYPTO SOFTWARE. TCM argues that "this would quickly
be outlawed if not already illegal". oh yeah? says who? don't you think
there would be a pretty spectacular FIGHT over this?
yet I have seen cpunks endlessly argue against all these points, when
they are exactly what we have the most chance of winning, imho.
the best way, which because everyone has been successfully conditioned
to do exactly what the NSA wants:
4. JUST WRITE WHATEVER THE HELL CODE YOU WANT, AND SEND IT WHEREVER THE
HELL YOU WANT.
don't give me any *crap* about how NASTY THINGS WILL BEFALL YOU if you
do any of the above. what happened to PRZ??? NOTHING. it is possible that
PRZ may have been able to NEVER EVEN HIRE A LAWYER if he wanted to, and
emerged unscathed from the last situation. there is NO PRECEDENT for
anything happening to ANYONE for trying any of the above things, and
until someone tries them, DO NOT ARGUE THEY CANNOT BE DONE, or that
NASTY AND UNSPEAKABLE THINGS BEFALL THOSE WHO TRY, unless you
want to be given medals of honor by the NSA for helping them out!!
(again, I do not count "GOVERNMENT MOUNTS AN INVESTIGATION" as anything
harmful!!! please feel free to disagree with me!! perhaps if you are
a frail entity, indeed the mere idea that government agents are thinking
about you can cause you to have a nervous breakdown!!!)
I am waiting for some company with some balls to do any of this. MS, in all
their amazing marketplace aggression, apparently believes that you don't
ever fight the government. a pity. that's the most important battle.

@_date: 1996-01-29 05:28:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: more RANTING about NSA-friendly cpunks 
One word...
Zimmermann supports my contention, as I wrote in the post. NOTHING
happened to him. it is conceivable this same result could have
been arrived at (government drops investigation) if he never even hired a lawyer.
Zimmermann is a perfect example of what may be counterproductive
hysteria on *our* side, toward advancing crypto. if Zimmermann
cannot be prosecuted, and is not prosecuted, where are the ITAR "teeth"???
sure, endless people can argue with me. "nasty things will befall you
if you violate crypto sections of the ITAR". they will back these
example up with the same baseless fear that schoolchildren reverently refer
to Cooties or the Bogeyman.

@_date: 1996-01-30 04:04:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: more RANTING about NSA-friendly cpunks 
frantz     so what?!?!? what is your point?!?!?!
I am well aware of the Zimmermann
background!!! why do you think I used it as an example!!
the "Feds" are AWARE that KELLY GOEN was the one who distributed it.
did they prosecute him either? NO!!! did they have evidence that Goen
was the one that knowingly "exported" the code? PROBABLY!!! WHAT DOES
THIS TELL YOU?!?!?!
my point is that, what is anyone's evidence that what happened to Zimmermann (i.e. NOTHING WHATSOEVER other than an investigation that
ended with NOTHING) would not happen to whoever tried to "export"
whatever algorithms they pleased???
if people are going to pretend that the ITAR crypto sections have
TEETH, then please
give a disclaimer that YOU HAVE NO EVIDENCE. I have no problem with
people getting "paler shades of white" from all their imagined bogeymen.
I do have a problem with them complaining, then, about a reality
that came about from their own fears, i.e. was constructed BY THEM,
not by their opposition (i.e. the NSA).
Zimmermann SHOWS that any claim that the ITAR has "teeth" APPEARS TO
BE GROUNDLESS. what happened to Zimmermann? NOTHING. I repeat: he
could conceivably have NOT EVEN HIRED A LAWYER to achieve the current
situation, which was that he was NOT EVEN PROSECUTED, let alone
you can argue all you want about HYPOTHETICAL situations, but the
REALITY is that nobody has ever gotten any nastiness from any
ITAR-crypto prosecution. why is this point so hard to grasp???  perhaps whoever points out
various fears are groundless is barking up the wrong tree, if the
fearer is not interested in alternative scenarios or incapable of
conceiving of them.
if cpunks want excuses to cower in terror of the ITAR (such as e.g.
TCM seems to advocate), you will find endless  justification from
your rampant fantasies.  in my view, as I wrote, however, they are
about as substantial as fears of COOTIE or THE BOGEYMAN based on
actual reality.
P.S. it is well known that KELLY GOEN distributed the code-- you can
even ask Sternlout. I am not revealing any secret there.

@_date: 1996-01-30 06:19:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: more RANTING about NSA-friendly cpunks 
Jim Bell:
no, your own fear is harming you. no law requires that you be in fear
of it (some may try, but that is not a law that can be written). that is the point of the law, that is the intent of it. when you choose to be in fear of it, the bureacrats win. no one is forcing you to be in fear of it. that is YOUR CHOICE. even if you are thrown in
prison for it, or put in front of a firing squad for it,
you are still not required to fear the law.
the antidote to fear of a law is not necessarily to get rid of the law.
it is to STOP FEARING THE LAW. the avoidance of fear of the law will
lead to the ridding of it. don't you see that it is your FEAR OF THE
LAW, not necessarily the LAW ITSELF, that is the problem? the entire
ITAR could be revoked, but fraidy-cat cpunks could still have endless
theories about what the NSA Bogeyman would do to you if you actually
tried to write some crypto and export it.
I had a feeling someone would pretty soon say, "well, why don't YOU
violate the ITAR and we'll see what happens". this is the eternal cry and
whine of the sheep. "if I shouldn't fear something, why don't you
do it first, and then I'll see what happens to you. if something
happens to you, then I am justified in my fear". a lie-- it's just more sheep-fear. the sheep may continue to fear the law even if so-and-so
tries such-and-such and nothing happens. THAT IS IN FACT WHAT HAPPENED
WITH ZIMMERMANN. hence my doing the same thing would be POINTLESS.
the sheep will endlessly fear, no number of counterexamples will
persuade them not to fear, because the fear is not based on *reality*,
but on *hypothetical* situations. even if nothing happens, as it
did with Zimmermann, then the sheep will continue to fear because
of their *imagination*. indeed, that is precisely what continues
on this list.
cpunks are always whining about "sheeple" in this country who have
no guts and hence no glory, but imho cpunks are the biggest batch of
sheep on the planet, all the way up to the head sheep TCM, who writes
long explanations of why the police state is inevitable and nothing
we can do will stop it, and EH, who hides/shouts behind pseudonym(s) on the list as an excuse for moderation & leadership.

@_date: 1996-01-31 07:08:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: more RANTING about NSA-friendly cpunks 
[the NSA]
I cannot believe how my simple message is being warped out of all recognition. I said some very specific things, and it seems that everyone
reads their own fears into what I write. well, that is the nature of
fear I have been pointing out-- only loosely related to reality. I reiterate to you:
1. I am NOT advocating that lone individuals defy the ITAR per se. if you
recall, I was lamenting that no CORPORATIONS so far have the balls
to challenge the ITAR (such as MS, Netscape etc.). these companies
already have large legal departments and strong experience fighting
the government on other issues. yet when it comes to taking an offensive
stance rather than a defensive one, they cower in the shadows.
what *really* exasperated me was the idea that if MS even "signs" outside
crypto packages, they would be "prohibited" from "exporting" these
signatures. this is OUTRAGEOUS and no rational person would submit to
such imbecility. I lose *extreme* amounts of respect for *anyone* who
either submits or even rationalizes this supposed system?
the above is tantamount to LETTING THE NSA MAKE LAWS ANY TIME THEY WANT.
are there any laws on the books that talk about signing foreign packages?
OF COURSE NOT. and if they were, THEY SHOULD BE GOTTEN RID OF IMMEDIATELY.
the NSA has NO LAWMAKING AUTHORITY WHATSOEVER. but the cryptographic community is VOLUNTARILY GIVING THEM THAT POWER because of Fear, Uncertainty, Doubt.
2.  I pointed out that even if individuals DO challenge the ITAR, they
are NOT LIKELY TO BE LEFT ALONE. witness Bernstein getting support from
EFF, etc.  there are a lot of lawers and interests that are just
DYING for an opportunity to fight the ITAR in court. I mean, haven't you
ever seen those lists of companies that sign letters against the ITAR?
can you imagine them contributing only a tiny fraction of their legal
departments to a genuine case? this was another of my strong points:
the idea that it is a lone struggle against the ITAR for anyone is
*not*correct*. it is demonstrably false based on the number of companies
and organizations such as EFF that have vociferously voiced opposition.
3. you assume that ignoring the ITAR leads to prosecution. THERE IS
NO PROOF OF THIS. this is the main point of my writing. what if writing
crypto to heart's content, even for individuals, leads to no prosecution?
then your entire blah-blah-blah article about the court system and how
the poor individual is powerless to use it is POINTLESS. that has been
my main point: it is possible that individuals will NEVER be prosecuted
under the ITAR crypto sections. all the boneheads are suggesting that
"oh, Zimmermann is just an anomaly. they will really get the *next*
guy". but when does your imagination end? your own imagination is what
is determining your reality, not the reality! if Zimmermann isn't prosecuted,
nor anyone associated with him, WHO IS GOING TO BE PROSECUTED?
I reiterate: no where in my ranting did I suggest a lone person challenge
the ITAR: that is the CYPHERPUNK PREJUDICE that things of significance
are only accomplished by individuals. indeed, this mindset plays *directly*
into the arms of the "enemy", the NSA. remember, defeat is a psychological
aspect as much as a real one. the NSA does not have to win, they only
have to make you think you have *lost*, which is the pervasive feeling on
this list, EVEN AFTER *nothing* happened to Zimmermann!!  "oh, poor individual me, who am I to challenge the NSA, they have all the power,
and I am just a lone sheep out in the wilderness"... I am not so much "chastising anyone for cowardice". I have not used that
word at all. you introduced it. what I am criticizing is our *attitudes*
that are bringing about the very situations that we supposedly are in opposition to. I am criticizing the *fear* that is a strong undercurrent
of all dialogue and sentiments here. cowardice is as much a state of
mind as it is a lack of action. I am not so much criticizing the latter
as the former. I have less problem with people not doing anything, than
with them using FALSE REASONS to justify their inactivity. if you are going
to be a sheep, at least be honest with yourself that you are a sheep!!
 why is it so controversial for me to say, YOUR FEARS
ARE COUNTERPRODUCTIVE TO YOUR OWN AGENDA. why is this so incomprehensible?
I have gotten endless mail from people who don't have a clue, and seem
to continue to insist: OUR FEARS ARE JUSTIFIED. as long as you think that
way, you are *self*defeating*. it is a self-fulfilling prophecy!!
even after NOTHING happens to Zimmermann, the sheep are not comforted,
because the sheep can *never* be comforted, no matter what happens.
 Those who are =
give me a break. perhaps you think that I am trying to stop the spread
of crypto? it would be quite ironic if you dismissed the most effective
approach possible as that coming from an "agent provocateur". but it
would be quite fitting. frankly, I increasingly wonder why I am wasting
my time with sheep.  (your own mindset above reveals your own "people can
only challenge the government alone" prejudice/mindest that is self-destructive to the agenda of crypto spread).
of course I am not asking for "thoughtless action". that's ridiculous. I
have been ranting against THOUGHTLESS FEAR which is ENDEMIC on this list.
I have pointed out why there is no proof that fear is justified, but the
sheep will have none of it. fine, just stop sending me email and posting
pretending you are NOT SHEEP.
because THEY CANNOT DO SO UNTIL A LAW IS CHALLENGED IN COURT!!! @
  There are =
THAT'S ABSOLUTELY FALSE. they have no power to strike down laws prior
to a challenge. can do NOTHING until a law is CHALLENGED!!
and that's what I'm ADVOCATING!!
  I guess someone has to bring the matter to their =
all I can say is that this sentence seems to bespeak a lack of understanding
of how the supreme court works and how a law is determined to be unconstitutional. it suggests you think these justices have some kind
of independent review power over laws, prior to court cases?
as long as you live your life thinking that YOUR FREEDOM is SOMEONE ELSE'S
JOB, you are going to LOSE IT BIGTIME.
 Nevertheless, it is to them, who are in charge of maintaining =
oh, brother. it is you who have forsaken yourself.

@_date: 1996-01-31 07:53:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Vladimir: put up or shut up 
excuse me, but you seem to be implying I am somehow responsible for
"cypherpunk traffic" S/N. I have posted only a few messages recently.
also, this is a mischaracterization of my position. (gad, why do I always
have to reiterate something so trivial). my point is that if ITAR
is discussed, at least, I would like to see caveats and encouragement
in the same message by everyone here to challenge it.
congratulate yourself for doing NSA's job so well, and following the letter
of the law so meticulously!!
"export restricted Web server"? "ask several times for it not to be
exported"? are you, or are you not, following the ITAR? or perhaps you
want to have your cake and eat it too?
for example, consider the idea that MS refuses to sign outside crypto
packages because merely *signing* them would somehow violate the ITAR.
I consider this a very good example. where is this law? even if it were
a law, what kind of bonehead would give it legitimacy by following it?
if you want to hang yourself, fine, go ahead, but please do not publicly
question where the rope is coming from.
it is hard for *one*individual* to write a good crypto application. again,
cypherpunk bias/mindset/prejudice. it is far easier for a large company
to do so. maybe cpunks should reconsider their antagonism to "any organized
group of people larger than 2". Netscape had no problem peppering the world
with crypto, and they are advancing nicely. I am suggesting the logical
next step: a company openly ignore the ITAR crypto sections.
"powers that be". a faceless bogeyman I don't believe in. sorry to challenge
your religion of fear and powerlessness. there are major big companies,
*lists* of them, that want to export crypto. why not try to persuade
MS to sign foreign packages, to import them, or whatever? answer: because
cypherpunks like to pretend they are powerless.
that's right. FEAR is the basic part of the process. as long as you help
support that framework of fear, NOTHING WILL CHANGE. when someone openly
defies the ITAR and nothing happens, or an actual court case emerges,
the spread of crypto will be immensely facilitated.
look, I really respect your own software capabilities. but my main thesis,
which you appear to agree with, is that "guerilla crypto programmers" can
only get so far. there are some logical next steps. but because of "one individualitis" bias on this list, they are always roundly dismissed.
no one is stopping me from *distributing* any software, nor from writing
it. I don't think the problem is a shortage of inspired programmers as you
nicely demonstrate. the problem is the aura of fear associated with those
programmers unleashing their full creativity on the problem, esp. those
inside companies. and my point
is that laws do not create fear. the programmers are responsible for their
own fears. we can help eradicate that fear by egging them on. does anyone
really believe anything bad will happen to individual programmers? don't
you see that if anything did, how much it would win for *our* cause?
"sometimes you win by losing, and lose by winning".
your bias again shows: "what is preventing us from succeeding is finding
a lone programmer who writes that killer app that spreads around the world".
that's blatantly specious in my opinion. the killer apps such as the MS
crypto toolkit, various apple products, and Netscape, Eudora, etc. exist *now*. the trick is to encourage the companies to put strong crypto in them, and to say to Hell with the ITAR,
and accept a court challenge as an important part of the battle. you will not get that result by endlessly reiterating why even THINKING about
doing so is prevented by the ITAR. you will sabotage that result.
imho, the period of the lone programmer writing a killer app is over with.
I believe that PGP is going to start a slow slide into obscurity at this
point unless Zimmermann links it to some major vehicle like a web browser
or wysiwig mail program. of course I know what I write is blasphemous. of course it sounds contrary
to the basic philosophies on this list. but how far have these philosophies
gotten the cpunk "movement"?? look around you, and ask yourself if your
tactics are succeeding.
p.s. thanks for taking me seriously.

@_date: 1996-01-10 15:01:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Net Control is Thought Control 
DCF makes some excellent points about the difficulty of *overt*
thought control in a information society.
however I would like to suggest that in our own democratic culture, *overt*
thought control is not really that important and is not necessarily
the major means of thought control.
the most insidious, and effective, form of thought control is that
which manipulates subject's thinking without their being aware of it.
there are a variety of ways to accomplish this, many of them outlined
in a book called "Coercive Persuasion" loaned to me be an acquaintance.
one way is to try to infiltrate groups with particular individuals who
are loyal to the "thought control" agenda, who then attempt to gain
the trust of members, but then also try to subtly manipulate their thinking.
the problem that "covert thought control" becomes more possible with
an information age that does not handle identity in any "permanent" or
"enduring" way. agent provocateurs etc. may be more difficult to identify
and easier to create and maintain.   in fact a single "government
thought control agent" might be able to create and maintain dozens of
convincing identities, all of them working to subtly manipulate the
population's thinking without detection. in the real world, once a "person"
is discredited, all that they do is tainted, but when a "tentacle" is
"tainted" in cyberspace, the "operator" need only create a new "tentacle"--
an operation that is becoming increasingly cheap.
so in other words I would say that cyberspace raises some problems while
solving others, and that its full implications are not yet apparent. I suspect
we are simply going to run into new, more sophisticated forms of thought control, not the total dissolution of its capability, in cyberspace. old
forms of trying to kill thoughts based on the physical medium, such as bashing
printing presses, will dissolve, but other forms of "meme damage" such
as "flooding attacks" etc. may arise instead.

@_date: 1996-01-11 13:48:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Net Control is Thought Control 
I had a request for more info on the book "Coercive Persuasion".
written by Edgar H. Schein. "a socio-psychological analysis of
the 'brainwashing' of American civilian prisoners by the Chinese
Communists". c 1961 WW Norton & CO, Inc
this book was written in 1961 when the word "brainwashing" had
just been invented. the American prisoners came back from China
saying that they believed in communism and that they knew they
were "spies" when they were not, etc.  considers the link between
social situation and beliefs and shows that the former has tremendous effect on people's philosophies. the Chinese had
pretty much perfected all the techniques of getting people to
change their beliefs without necessarily the overt methods of
totalitarian systems such as torture, suppression of free
speech etc.  in fact they tended to create systems in which
speech was encouraged, but was subtly manipulated so that it was
always used in their favor.
 thought control without the subject realizing
it was thought control.
this is especially dangerous in cyberspace as I mentioned because one
now has all kinds of "virtual communities" that may not behave
in the same ways that communities now do (such as widespread use
of pseudonymity) and hence have unanticipated effects.

@_date: 1996-01-14 20:35:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Net Control is Thought Control 
I don't understand your point. both the agent provocateur and "victim"
are crucial to the process of brainwashing. they are the yin and yang
of it all, of course, and I am certainly not arguing otherwise. what
I was pointing out was that it is increasingly difficult to identify
people's secret agenda in cyberspace. if in the real world, someone
eventually successfully identifies an agent provacateur (or any kind
of criminal for that matter) they are "outed" with their mug shot and
fingerprints or whatever. now, in cyberspace you have no such "leash"
or "handle" on identity. a single person could be a zillion different
agent provocateurs all over cyberspace, but if you out him in one
place, you don't out him anywhere else.
if you find that some pseudonym is actually a government agent, you
have little recourse. you could discredit that single pseudonym, but potentially the person behind it has plenty of others to play with.
cypherpunks probably say,
"oh yeah, that's cyberspace's greatest design feature". this tends to mask some of their assumptions:
1. you can't commit a crime in cyberspace.
2. so what if someone has a zillion identities all over the place.
I disagree with both of these premises, but of course I'm not going to
get anywhere arguing with anyone that starts with them as given.
you were talking about prisoners identifying with the agent provocateur.
I was trying to draw the analogy to a mailing list scenario where
the people on the list are the "victims" (not "prisoners"). the situation
is the same: the "victims" are in danger if they begin to identify with
the brainwashing agent. the agent of course will show few signs of his
true identity or actual agenda.
that's very true, but you must realize how powerful peer groups are. a prison is just one kind of peer group. workplace employment, the cypherpunks, or really any kind of group *always* has a pecking order
and peer pressure. there are all kinds of opinions on certain subjects
that are wholly relevant to this list that are "taboo" to talk about
on this list if the poster is interested in working his way up the
"perceived reputation pecking order". any place you have a group,
and peer pressure, you have the opportunity to manipulate people.
                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I agree, a prison is the easiest place to brainwash people, but I think
the authors were interested in writing their book precisely because they
recognized the techniques they were describing are reflected in many
"legitimate" social institutions.
  The prisoner who has been unfrozen begins to treat the =
again, the entire book is prison-specific. I would be very interested
of course in a study dedicated to cyberspace, but lacking that the research is the closest analogy. Alcoholics Anonymous is another
example of a group that is not prison oriented but shares all the
brainwashing techniques the authors identify. (I am not saying AA
is a brainwashing organization. neither am I saying they are not.)
you are thinking too literally in terms of the research. the techniques
are not at all required to be practiced in a prison. I can give you numerous
examples of the same techniques used in many institutions, groups, and
settings far removed from a prison atmosphere. they are not primarily
religious either.
classic cypherpunks argument. problematic in the real world. we
have laws that require disclosure of who pays politicians in their campaigns,
yet one could make the argument, "rather than worry about people's identity,
let their money and interests speak for themselves." I agree that information
should on one level be judged independently of the source. but there's just
no doubt that the *origin* of the message is *itself* often *very*valuable*
information. that is, the messenger's identity is *part* of the message.
of course, it is not *the* message. this belief leads to things like the "genetic fallacy" (proof by discrediting reputation) course.
agent provocateurs and brainwashers will benefit immensely from your attitude. they will be the first to emphasize, "why are we so concerned
about people's backgrounds? let people say what they want to say and
judge them on the message". I am not saying we should have a purity test
on the cypherpunks list. I'm simply pointing out that the idea that
identity and communication are not related is preposterous by strong
refutation of the real world.
another possibility is a whole army of false personas creating a nonexistent "consensus" by sheer force and magnitude of postings in cyberspace.  would you care to deny such a thing is possible? there may be active research projects underway this very moment here or elsewhere. it would be difficult to establish a control to quantify
efficacy for this kind of experiment, but probably not beyond someone with some ingenuity and malice.
the next time you see a flamewar, ask yourself this question: what would
I think if I found out every opinion and post on one side  was manufactured
by a single person? how can you be so sure they aren't?
there is absolutely no doubt that humans are very strongly influenced
by *who* is behind a message. it is one of the elements they use to
judge reasonableness of a message when there are not other obvious factors
to judge the message (such as: it is about the future, it is about what
people "should" do, etc.). to deny this is to deny basic human nature.
consensus, and perception of consensus, are two different animals, and
the agent provocateur understands the subtle distinction and *exploits*
it in his favor.
I don't expect anyone to understand these points. such a contrarian
position (here anyway) will likely be flamed. no surprise there.

@_date: 1996-02-11 16:07:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "internet underground" magazine 
just went to Barnes&Noble to check out magazine titles on the
Internet/cyberspace, and walked away with 10 separate titles!!
anyway, there is a new one that will be especially appealing to cpunks here. I haven't seen it mentioned here:
"internet underground".
issue  has interesting articles on
- web transaction tracking, by S.Garfinkel
- "my secret life with Phil Zimmerman", S.Garfinkel
- how to send anonymous email. mentions cpunk remailers. by
editor S.Ellerman
plenty of other fluff.
maybe some people here may want to contribute. often when magazines
start out they are hungry for writers and getting into them is not
as hard.
I suspect "internet underground" may end up covering cpunk topics regularly with or without anyone's help from here.
(oh, the spooks are rolling in their coffins. heh.)

@_date: 1996-02-12 05:41:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: internet underground www address 
my apologies-- I should have included this.
the web site for the internet underground magazine I mentioned
is

@_date: 1996-02-15 20:03:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: True democracy the electronic way 
two quick comments:
1. this is an extremely interesting problem in my opinion. the ideal
form of government has not been achieved in many millenia. could it
be solved given the full power of the information age, i.e. an apex in intellect and technology? personally I think a very
efficient form of government can be created. its a problem with
very little true "research" behind it in one sense (I mean, how much
thought goes into the creation of the average government? perhaps a lot of thought, but how much of it is backed by good understanding of
consequences of various choices?).  on the other hand, it is a problem
in which research has been ongoing for centuries. if anyone knows of
a mailing list to discuss this concept of trying to apply technology
to government, I would be most interested. the closest I can see
right now is groupware software, which I have repeatedly predicted
here is going to go ballistic as far as development some near date
in the future (esp. with high speed networks).
2. the mouth-foaming libertarians here hate discussions about
democracy. TCM repeatedly advocates total withdrawal as the "solution".
the basic belief is that government shouldn't matter. "if it doesn't
matter, we're right, if it does matter, then there's nothing we can do about
it" I saw paraphrased here once. the nihilism associated with the attitude that people always move toward the evil side of the morality
spectrum, such that the majority is always a tyrannical cabal, is
strong here. so if you want to get some serious discussion on this
matter, maybe you can find another mailing list where the mere basic
premises are not going to elicit dirty looks.

@_date: 1996-02-16 11:48:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: True democracy the electronic way 
interesting you should mention that. because of my interests
I've heard various legends that this list (long ago in a galaxy far away)
was sabotaged by piles of trash sent
through anonymous remailers, and the moderator quit instead of put
up with it (not provided the tools to keep out mail from unsubscribers). perhaps a little data point about forms of information
technology (and the absence of it) that *doesn't* necessarily lead to an improved form of human interaction. apparently there is some pretty harsh antagonism towards "electronic
democracy" among the people best suited to experiment with it, i.e.
the pioneers of cyberspace. but hell, alienation and nihilism is
so much more convenient and versatile than bubbly enthusiasm. it's a one-size-fits-all philosophy. "screw everyone!!!"  "it'll never
work!!!"  "government == tyranny!!"
something tells me that "electronic democracy" is going to survive
the death of an early mailing list dedicated to its discussion, however.
but thanks very much for the pointer,  Klaus! I'm always impressed with
the helpful spirit of everyone on this list.
(speaking of which I'd be interested in talking to anyone with spare resources to start mailing lists.)

@_date: 1996-02-17 06:37:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: True democracy the electronic way 
hmmmmm, sounds like a ridiculous conspiracy theory to me, concocted
mrely to further inflame TCM warefare by inciting both him and
those critical of him. (methinks you have been staring at crypto
code for sockets and slaving over a hot monitor a bit too long.)
note: I have absolutely no interest of playing the puerile cyberspatial
identity games the cypherpunks have come to be famous for.
but thanks for a great laugh (at you, not with you).
(but, shall I remind you, all these conspiracy theories you raise
are WHOLLY IRRELEVANT to the cypherpunks list.)
say PM, you are into capitalism and the free market economy as
transcendent and sacred and all that-- what would you
charge to not post to this list for say several months? a little
vacation for someone clearly overworked and fatigued? I'd be
willing to take up a collection. you might be surprised how much
people donate ... there even maybe one or two "wealthy contributors"
who really up the ante. don't take it personally-- I really am
concerned for your welfare and serenity of mind, something that seems
to endlessly elude you as much as the perfectly relevant cypherpunk post..
p.s. a little note to everyone here who doesn't "get it"-- a guerilla measures his effectiveness by the presence of *any* response.

@_date: 1996-02-22 07:53:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "consent of the governed" 
I was musing over this phrase, "a government rules by consent of the
governed" which popped up in an earlier essay on digital cash (microcurrency)
I wrote here and deserves further elaboration. it seems like a basic and obvious truth on some levels, a concept held sacred by our founding fathers, but on the other hand its exact meaning has escaped precise analysis for many centuries, and in various
sense our government seems to have strayed far from this promise. what does it mean?
does it mean, "majority of the governed?" how exactly is consent Barlow brings up this topic in his recent "cyberspace declaration of
independence" (which can clearly be criticized as out of touch with physical reality but is nevertheless compelling). the essay comes close to the major point I want to make:
I believe that the phrase "a government rules with the consent of the
governed" is one of those magic statements that is going to become
increasingly defined by new technology. often, the clear intent of
a law is not obvious until new technology is introduced that tests
its meaning. for example,
the "right to bear arms"-- does that mean submachinegun, handguns?
what about armor-piercing bullets? new technology is always constantly
forcing a new interpretation of laws.
or how about "the right to free speech" -- is cyberspace a place for
"speech", or is it something where things are published? which laws
apply? does it mean I am free to encrypt anything I want in any way
I choose?
interestingly, does the "freedom from illegal search and seizure" apply
to cryptographic encoding? in other words, is there such a thing
as search and seizure of bits (plaintext) in encoded messages?
these are all questions that have various answers (and I'm not really
too interested in debating them), but which in one
sense anything besides what a court decides is not relevant. and most
of these above questions could take decades to sort out in courts, if
anyway, my main point here: I believe that "a government rules with
the consent of the governed" is a phrase that is going to be tested
in the next few years, and more closely defined, because the emergence
of new cyberspatial technology. it seems to me
that libertarians would tend to say, "oh yeah, wouldn't it be great
if that were true. no one ever asked ME if I wanted to be in this
system". well, what if there was an actual overt choice of government
that when on with the citizen? what if we really could choose our
government? would be tend to believe that all governments are corrupt
inherently, or could new systems based on voluntary cooperation from
the start work?
in a sense, any government that uses force on its populace is violating
a charter rule, (if it was one), that a government rules by the consent
of the governed. if some segment of the populace is resisting this government, then obviously there is no consent among that sliver.
all this raises the question of how much a government can be split up
over a population. what is the "granularity" of government? to date,
governments are based on geographic region. they are often circumscribed
by various geographic features such as oceans or continents. but
would it be possible to construct a governing system in which geographic location is irrelevant? such that anyone, anywhere, can
pick whatever government they want? surely if such a thing is possible,
cyberspace comes the closest to facilitating it. but it would not
really be a government in the current sense of the word.
in my digital cash essay, I introduced a radical new interpretation
of the phrase "consent of the governed" that went largely unnoticed but
deserves further thought. in it, I proposed that "consent of the governed" is measured by whether people pay their taxes to a government.
in other words, not paying taxes is a basic test of whether an individual
does not subscribe to a particular government system.  there are other
obvious tests such as civil disobedience, but I believe this one is
going to serve as the basic operative test of the future.
this is radical for the following reason: today supposedly a government
has the authority to coerce "inhabitants" to pay their taxes and punish
them if they don't. interestingly, our whole country was started as
a sort of tax revolt, and yet today our taxes are arguably just as onerous and oppressive as any other country's. it is a heresy within
government circles to propose that citizens should have a choice in
paying taxes. "we could never permit it. it would never work". "nobody
would pay them". but is that to say, admittedly, "we do not have the consent of the governed"?
I believe that digital cash will give rise to the ability to have
completely "black" economic systems on scales far larger than ever
before practical. what this means is that anyone who wants to can
simply "opt out" of being seen by the existing government in their
economic transactions. I think this may actually lead to "underground
governments" in which people voluntarily subscribe to certain communities and their "laws" while at the same time opting out of
participation in the "overt" system they are geographically constrained hence "we could never permit it" said by bureacrats may be true, but
not relevant-- their permission has nothing to do with what technology
permits. "it would never work" may actually be tested outright by
new technology and systems of mass cooperation (in a sense, the basic
point of government) developed in cyberspace.
in any case, I do believe Barlow has some very important points and
that we are on the verge of new forms of government that remove many
of the nagging difficulties of earlier human models. much of this
innovation will center around new definitions/explorations of the basic concept that "a government rules by the consent of the governed",
and the approach to collection of dues, or taxes, and the way that they
are allocated based on group decision processes, will be a chief area of experimentation and new approaches.

@_date: 1996-02-23 05:07:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: "consent of the governed" 
Rich Graves true, I didn't put in the associated reasoning.
I tend to define government more liberally in that it does not
merely exist to protect rights-- the 20th century saw a rise in
government that tried to be a social force. this may have failed, but it does point out that people want a government to do more
than merely protect their rights.  in other words, the 1776 definition
of government is reasonably slightly modified. government in its
essence is a form of organized human collaboration/cooperation imho.
it is a nervous system for a society.
I think it is both. it is a conclusion of the reasoning and the premise for government. if the government does not have the
consent of the governed, it is not a legitimate government-- that
is the basic implication.
ah, but all great visionaries are usually first considered kooks.
the whole idea that government exists by consent of the governed
was a quite radical idea challenging the existing dogma of divine
right of kings.
that's what I tried to point out. it all hinges on the phrase, "the
government exists by the consent of the governed".
I don't really see how any of your points are contrary to anything
I wrote in the essay, despite your seeming to present them as if they

@_date: 1996-02-29 08:26:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "wisecrackers" by Levy in March Wired 
I sent this to  but the address bounced.
in any case I thougt I would cc: the list. this is a fun
article to read, and I encourage everyone here to check it out.
------- Forwarded Message
hello, I'm a cypherpunk subscriber.
I liked your wired article on the cpunks ("wisecrackers")
a lot. I thought I would mention some things:
1. you didn't seem to address the issue that factoring has
not been proven to be difficult. a fast factoring algorithm is not ruled out by any existing mathematical theories, although no one
expects that one exists. in other words, it is purely
mathematician consensus that insists that factoring is a hard problem. hence RSA has not actually been proven to
be a secure way of encoding information. its only secure
because no one knows how to factor numbers quickly, and
everyone is pretty confident that such a capability
does not exist, although no one has proven it (yet).
RSA rests on the
difficulty of undoing a "trapdoor function" and as far as I know, there is no proof that any operation used
for cryptography is intrinsically difficult to undo. (there are proofs that some functions are "intrinsically
difficult" but they can't be used for crypto, because what
you need in crypto is some operation that "is difficult when
you don't have secret information, but is easy when
you do."-- that is, not "always difficult".
 that's a trapdoor function, such as that used in
RSA-- the secret knowledge makes the operation possible, whereas without it, it is "computationally impossible", i.e.
possible in theory but not practice.)
in fact there have been very incremental improvements in
factoring algorithms.  but no one can say, "factoring number [x]
takes exactly [y] years" because no one knows what is the
optimal factoring algorithm-- they only know the best one that has been *found* to date. (which is the quadratic
sieve you mention).
the question of whether factoring really is difficult is
interesting to study. there is a whole class of computer problems called "NP" that can be shown to be "difficult"
in an equivalent way. whether they are truly "difficult" is
an open question. surprisingly, factoring has not yet been
proven to be in this "NP" class, despite that many other
problems have been. also, some mathematicians say that people have been trying
to factor numbers since the dawn of time (well, at least
since the greeks) so that if there was a good algorithm,
we would probably have found it by now. I would argue against
this position, saying that computers are a very recent
invention on the horizon of human knowledge. the study of
algorithmic complexity did not really begin in earnest until
the 70's or so, again an extremely recent blip of time in
regards to the history of human mathematical thought.
2. I think you were overplaying what Morris said to Zimmermann
at the end. it made for good drama but I suspect the truth is
more mundane.  the fact that he asked "how much would the NSA spend for [x]"
(where here [x] is "break PGP keys").
does not imply that they can actually do [x]. rather, what it
implies is that their first inclination is to assume that
something is theoretically possible, and then determine how
much it would cost to do [x]. then, they determine whether
the stategic results of obtaining [x] are worth its cost.
in other words, the NSA has to approach all cryptoanalysis
from this basic point: can we justify the cost based on the
stategic value of the intelligence. they have to make this choice all the time as to where they invest their resources
based on the payoff. their first question is, "what is the
strategic value of cracking [x] code". I believe that
they are run internally such that projects that are feasible
and that they have the money are not actually carried out
just because they are possible-- the strategic value has
to be determined.
what Morris was asking Zimmerman was, "how much would it
be worth to an attacker to be able to read PGP messages".
the NSA might well come to the conclusion that nobody important
is using PGP and therefore trying to break it to read their
messages is a waste of time. my opinion is that what was
implied by Morris's position.
frankly, I think the threat of prosecution against Zimmermann
suggests the NSA may not be able to break the RSA cypher at
certain key lengths no matter how much of our tax money they
burn trying.
3. a group broke a 384 bit PGP key a little while ago. I was surprised how
little coverage this got. perhaps it was due to the choice of keys. some are more "respectable" than others.  Paul Leyland and
Jim Gillogly (Derek Atkins maybe?) were involved as well as some cpunks.
anyway, keep up the good work.
(heh. loved the description of the media outlets as "bottom ------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1996-03-04 11:34:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: book idea: info terrorism/espionage etc. 
hey, I understand a sequel to Puzzle Palace by Bamford and someone
else is due to be published soon.  is this correct? when is the
due date? has anyone heard about this? I've been seeing a lot
of early lead articles from other reporters, such as a GNN
article awhile ago, and an assertion that the NSA is working
with the GCHQ to monitor American citizens.
I was just thinking what an interesting book this could be. if
it doesn't cover the ideas of "information terrorism" that are
hinted in e.g. Strassman's remailer paper, it seems this is a vacuum that could be filled with a very significant/interesting
tome by someone.
I hope Levy's cryptography book covers some of these areas too.
I would like to just see one entire chapter dedicated to the way
the spooks seem to be doing a "bait and switch" now that the cold
war is over, with economic espionage and all that. easily an entire
book could be dedicated to this subject.
I've seen a lot of editorials on reforming the spook apparatus,
and it seems now is the prime moment for some very influential books
to come out to influence future policy ideas.

@_date: 1996-03-09 06:16:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: steganographic trick 
here is an interesting trick/algorithm that I've not seen before, although I
admit I'm not intimately familiar with all the crypto formulas that
others here may be aware of, so this may have been toyed with before.
in pondering steganography, it seems to me there could be made a distinction between two types. in the "classic" type, say hiding
data in the low bits of a digitized image, the whole existence
of an encrypted "covert" message is totally concealed. that is,
not only is the message concealed but the existence of it is
as well.
now consider a different kind of steganography, in which it is
clear there is an encrypted piece of data. the problem with
all steganographic crypto is that to use your data, you have to
have your stego tools handy, and the "feds" could see these tools
and accuse you of hiding data.
imagine an application where you freely admit that you have your
cryptographic tools, and that you are even willing to tell the
"feds" the key for your data. they run the crypto program, and
indeed the file decrypts. however, unknown to them, you have given
them a key that decrypts the file into something meaningful yet
benign, such as a cookie recipe, not
your plans for the overthrow of the state. in other words, "interlaced" or "coincident" within the same file is your secret
data. given one key, it decrypts into one set of data, and given
another key, it decrypts into another set of data.
there are probably many different ways to do this. of course the distinction
of what I am proposing and two different files, each with different
keys (which is already feasible), is not all that crisp. anyway, I pursued this anyway to come up with an algorithm.
pick a large prime, P. now pick two other large primes that are less
than sqrt(P), P1, P2 (actually all that is required is that P1*P2 < P).  the data in the file is organized into blocks of information modulo P. P1 is the "harmless" key for message 1 (M1), and P2 is the "real" key for
message 2 (M2).
now the trick is to put data into your file one "piece" at a time
such that it decrypts into either the corresponding "piece" of M1
given decryption by P1, or M2 given P2. I think some people can
anticipate what comes next: the encoding of the data for M1 is
contained in the "segment M" modulo P1, and M2 is contained modulo P2.
the chinese remainder theorem lets us find the unique number N such
that N mod P1 = M1, and N mod P2 = M2. "N" is the data that is stored
in the file.
I'm being a little sloppy in notation here: the overall message
is broken into segments mod P-- the above algorithm is simply repeated
over each "segment".
given all the caveats about complexity of factoring etc., if P1, P2
are large and not "close" to each other (i.e. one could find P1 by
searching in the "vicinity" of P2), this would be a secure algorithm
as far as I can tell.
to decrypt, the file is broken up into pieces mod P, and then each
of these pieces has a value mod P1 or mod P2 that is used as the
value of that piece.
hence, we have an algorithm in which data is stored "coincident" or "adjacent"
in a file. the feds could potentially observe that the key you give
them, P1 < sqrt(P), and realize that there is "room" left over to store a secret message.  but if you store all your files that way, they have
nothing to go on. in fact you could assert, "yes, that was once a file
with two messages in it, but I deleted the other one. it's key used to
be Px". Px is a random number.
of course, this method could be expanded so that any file has any number
of secret pieces interspersed in it, each only available given knowledge
of its secret key.
again, the same thing can be accomplished by concatenating multiple
files, each with a different key, or even alternating bytes or bits
in a file, but I thought it would be interesting
to find something that had this "coincident" or "adjacent" property based on the modulo and large prime properties used everywhere in
modern crypto.

@_date: 1996-03-11 00:41:11
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: steganographic trick 
I don't agree that this is the only way to accomplish the problem I proposed.
I gave a scheme that is not equivalent to the one you state. you seem
not to address my actual technical description, although I admit it requires
a bit of inference on the part of the reader.
in the scheme I proposed, P1 and P2 are the two keys. an XOR or OTP
system has nothing to do with what I described.
one problem you do remind me of is that P1 and P2 are going to be
hard to "remember". of course the way PGP handles this is a pass
phrase that unlocks the encrypted key using the IDEA cipher. another
interesting approach would be to use a hash of the passphrase as
a random seed in the process to get the prime number. in other words,
the passphrase is the seed to the algorithm that hunts for the prime
number starting at some random location, and if fed the same seed
(the hash of the passphase) it will again find the same prime number....
I believe you have misunderstood my description. I gave a feasible system.
I don't know precisely what you mean by "multiple RSA keys". my system
did not have any aspect of public key crypto to it. it is a single
key cipher.

@_date: 1996-03-09 23:00:28
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: rhetorical trickery 
I noticed a rhetorical trick/trap that I've seen a lot lately, in the
recent article posted about Phil Zimmermann.
there is an infamous case of a child pornographer or pedophile in
California that is sometimes cited by law enforcement representatives
as a good example of the evils of encryption: supposedly he encrypted
his diary and it couldn't be unlocked by them. this was mentioned in
the article.
but I have a question: how did they know it was his diary?
I've noticed that people tend to often make conceptual leaps like
this that are wholly unjustified. it is easy to get their opposition
to bite down on the trap, when they start arguing about things like
"well, everyone should be free to encrypt whatever they like".
the next time you run into someone using arguments with words like
"criminals" in it, ask them, "how do you know they are criminals"?
when you use their terminology, and argue in terms of it, you have
almost already lost the argument.
there is a big mindset in law enforcement to see "suspects"
as "criminals".  but that is mistaking means and ends. the process
identifies criminals in the end, after a trial, but at no prior
here's another example: I was watching a talk show in which the
recent Israeli bombing was discussed by a bunch of very obviously
frenzied commentators who were calling for Arafat's head on a stick.
one of them insisted that our government had given the names of
the involved terrorists to Arafat some time ago and that he did nothing.
well, the question is: how do we know those names on the list are
the actual terrorists? how do we know Arafat did nothing?
but the other commentators were totally lost this basic rhetorical trap.
they said, "well, assuming what you say is true, then... blah blah".
but the obvious question is, "how do we know these names mean anything"?
there is an amazing tendency in our culture in elsewhere not to question authority. when we see some law enforcement agent at a press conference, and they talk about "criminals", the press immediately latches onto the terminology and asks things like "when
will they be caught"? etc. instead of, "how do you know they are
in crypto arguments as well where there is a lot of emotional rhetoric, I have noticed people have a tendency to try to debunk
things that require no debunking, such as the FUD that has been
sown over that infamous CA pedophile.  the test is avoiding
tricky rhetorical traps. there are some battles that don't need
to be fought. just remember that calm, deadly retort whenever
you hear someone getting excited, and ask them, "how do you know
they are his diaries?"

@_date: 1996-03-10 10:19:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rhetorical trickery 
how did they know it was *his* diary?
granted, this is highly suggestive, but again not conclusive.
it could be his friend's diary, or a diary of his flowertending,
or whatever.
sure, a government agent could insist, "well, don't be a bonehead.
it's obviously his diary, and surely contains all his crimes against
ah yes, just as, obviously, even before trial, "the man is a criminal"

@_date: 1996-03-11 05:35:48
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rhetorical trickery 
all my respondents seem to be missing some basic points I have been
trying to make about law enforcement in the US.
the law runs on proof, and evidence. a file with the name "diary.pgp"
is not incriminating. it is not evidence. no one could be prosecuted
as a criminal for having a diary. there is the presumption of innocence
unless there is evidence and proof to the contrary. furthermore, suppose
the "pedophile" is actually prosecuted successfully. does that mean
the diary was incriminating? no, it does not. in the CA case it happened
that the pedophile was prosecuted without decrypting the diary. which
in fact argues in favor of the side that says, "cryptography is not
the end of law enforcement, and this case proves it."
as packwood demonstrates, it is easy to have a diary that one would want to encode to hide embarrassing information that is not necessarily incriminating.
now, a person might be successfully prosecuted for obstruction of
justice, or contempt of court, in refusing to hand over the decrypted diary (but the other post I made about giving the federal
agents a key that decrypts the file to a cookie recipe handles this
quite nicely).
somebody-or-other objected that the police are not likely to "buy
it" if such a situation occurs.
well, excuse me, but WHAT IS YOUR POINT? are you suggesting that they
are now going to have to resort to torture or something to elicit
the real key? last I checked, torture was illegal in our country...
please, will people stop sending me responses like the above? do you
understand how the American legal system works? a person cannot
be prosecuted without evidence. evidence cannot be illegally obtained.
a person is not required to testify against oneself.  these are all
basic long-established cornerstones of our legal system.
look, if someone WANTS to be put in jail for having encrypted files,
I'm sure you can probably figure out some way to pull it off. but
if you don't act like an idiot, such a thing is highly unlikely. it
clearly has not happened to date.
I am really amazed at all the times when I point out basic limitations
on e.g. the NSA or the law enforcement agencies, and somebody says, well
yes BUT so-and-so hypothetical situation might arise. it is almost as
if some people here have a secret "prosecute me" wish. why is there
such deep fear around here about life in the US today? I'd say that people here are high up on the list of creating the paranoia.
be careful what you fear, you might get it.

@_date: 1996-03-13 01:23:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rhetorical trickery 
sigh. it seems I am still being misunderstood. SO WHAT???
so a nasty policeman thinks I stole something from my grandma.
SO WHAT???
look, in life, if you are someone who can be walked on, it doesn't
take a POLICEMAN to take advantage of your lack of backbone/spine.
you are going to be exploited by a lot of people other than a policeman.
if you don't know your rights, OF COURSE you can be taken advantage
I can't comprehend all this silliness in response to my messages.
"sure, you can do [x], but the police may still SUSPECT YOU". well,
@ so what?!?!? doesn't anyone understand that if we are
in a civilized society, that's completely irrelevant to the law???
but don't you understand? their ATTITUDE is completely irrelevant.
in regard to the law, we are considering only what they have authority
to do. a policeman cannot get a conviction if he breaks the law in
obtaining evidence. this is my basic point. this is a very powerful
factor in favor of anyone who wishes to use cryptography without now, there are all kinds of cypherpunks who are going to write me
back, because the mere fact that I used the word "police" in this
message, which attracts flames here with approximately the
same magnetism dead carcasses do flies.
my posts are not about Nasty Police Urban Legends about how the Pigs
are oppressors and have done [x] to my friend [y] who did ABSOLUTELY
NOTHING to provoke it.  in fact I am attempting to pierce some of
these Urban Legends of Police Fear, but instead they continue to
pop up around my posts, somewhat spurred by them.
these are pretty much the point I'm making that is obviously
not making it through to everyone who responds to me.

@_date: 1996-03-16 00:30:46
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Venona NSA web page 
- - ---------- Forwarded message ----------
The VENONA Project
In July 1995 the Intelligence Community ended a 50-year silence regarding
one of cryptology's most splendid successes - the VENONA Project. VENONA was
the codename used for the U.S. Signals Intelligence effort to collect and
decrypt the text of Soviet KGB and GRU messages from the 1940's. These
messages provided extraordinary insight into Soviet attempts to infiltrate
the highest levels of the United States Goverment. Today, we are proud to offer these exceptional documents on the NSA home
page and we invite you to study and interpret them in the context of
history. NSA will declassify over 2200 messages related to VENONA. We
believe they will not only provide a window into Soviet espionage during the
1940's, but will also give you a glimpse of the important contributions
signals intelligence and cryptographic expertise make to our nation's security.
- - -Ron "We're all pawns, my dear... your move?" No. 66,
- - --The Prisoner "Arrival"

@_date: 1996-03-26 14:02:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: NSA/ITAR 
hmmmm, I don't recall you saying that. would love to hear more about
"NSA's lawyers feeling the ITAR cannot withstand court scrutiny".
I have been ranting at a lot of people in the companies that are showing
no spine and adhering to the odious NSA laws (thereby increasing
their legitimacy) to just SUE THE GOVERNMENT. but of course they
all retort that "gosh, we are just following the laws, we don't
really have any choice, we are doing the best we can, blah blah blah".
(this as they have armies of lawyers that they don't hesitate to unleash on their competitors)
frankly I think the lack of a legal challenge to the ITAR crypto laws by
a large company by this date is very suspicious. I am starting to wonder if whenever something like this starts to suggest itself,
the NSA agents hurriedly run to a company and make some deals & promises. (note I am aware of the Bernstein case-- this is just
too tiny to ever have any significance imho).
if big software companies think the ITAR is not acceptable and is
costing them bigtime, let's see them put their lawyers where their mouths I fully agree with the above that the ITAR is unlikely to withstand
a *serious* court challenge, assuming the courts have not gone
totally comatose. the ITAR amounts to the following:
a legitimate law that says, "munitions cannot be exported. the
list of munitions is maintained by the DoJ" (or somebody-or-other).
now, somebody-or-other (obviously the NSA, through their various
front agencies, the @ spooks love this kind of subterfuge
to circumvent the law and pretend they are doing things legitimate)
could add "twinkies" to the list of "export controlled items". in fact, I wish they would. they have come pretty darn close.
it turns out that MS has been convinced that mere "export" of digital SIGNATURES is prohibited. I can't believe there is not
more uproar here or elsewhere about this outrageousness. frankly, I think the american public & software companies
are getting exactly what they
have earned.  "eternal vigilance is the price of freedom". instead
we have endless spinelessness as the response to increasing tyranny.

@_date: 1996-03-27 14:50:27
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Why NSA is afraid that ITARs will be thrown out in court 
regarding these discussions about challenging the ITAR, I think it
would have to be done by some really daring lawyers. there are some
precedents for judges slapping secrecy orders on various aspects of
the trial whenever the NSA is involved-- just another way the NSA
loves to manipulate our government system via a technique that might
be called "shadow puppetry" the case then dies a slow painful death of attrition in the dark.
anyway, one would have to somehow intersect with a judge that
is not easily intimiated by "national security" issues. I am dead
serious- -the first thing NSA or "intelligence agency" lawyers do
is try to impress the judge that this is an unusual case that
requires strict secrecy in the interests of national security.
 having brave
lawyers might mean they are willing to defy secrecy orders about the
trial to publicize it in the open to win public attention and support.
 I think this would be difficult. but one has to try.
there is a simple formula to fighting the NSA and their horrible
tactics: disclosure can be a powerful weapon in our favor. the
NSA will usually back down from a confrontation instead of escalating
it. public exposure is their absolute worst nightmare. there are
a lot of spooks in the NSA who cringe every time those initials are
used. well,
NSA NSA NSA NSA NSA NSA NSA NSA!!!
(maybe I can actually get a few of them to have heart attacks by saying
again, I continue to believe that the main problem with the NSA/ITAR
is not so much that either exists, but that everyone in our country
is following both as if they are the rule of law.
you get more of what you roll over for.

@_date: 1996-03-29 23:26:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: java: vending machine software (long) 
Java seems to be catching on in a big way (only a few months ago,
the hook-line-and-sinker interest by MS would not have been conceivable)
and seems to be leading to some radical new programming and
cyberspace paradigms. I thought I would try to anticipate some
of these future developments. what does it mean that "the network
is the computer"?
there are three very important aspects of Java in my view that make
it much more than your everyday programming language, and all of
these could be classed as "revolutionary" if they stay airtight
and hold up to the rigors of worldwide keyboard banging. not all of these are recognized for their importance or potential future significance
at the moment. 1. it can be easily translated across platforms. this translation
is far more robust and reliable than say the supposed portability
of "C" which is in fact not very portable and whose "portability" seems
largely an illusion at times. complicated makefiles with a zillion
special cases are far from seamless. Java has reached the level
of almost "foolproof portability". of course there are some minor
sacrifices (such as possibly) efficiency. however Java has always
been designed with high efficiency in mind.
2. the security aspects are extremely significant. the end design goal
of course is that the end user should never have to worry about whatever
software he downloads-- he can run it all knowing it is theoretically
impossible for it to screw up his system. all other schemes, such
as a "software certification authority" which e.g. MS has been
pursuing, seem inferior to some degree. 3. the whole concept of an "applet" is again very critical to the
Java design. the name connotes something that is trivial to run, and
may be tiny. i.e. one might be running tiny little programs all day
instead of monster applications that we have right now. the philosophy
is of "lean and mean" vs. the massive dinosaur. one way to state it
would be to say that the applet is a program with "small granularity".
now, all the above elements are present in various languages and
platforms, but Java has focused on refining them to the utmost degree,
to the point that every nonprogrammer can use a Java application without
worrying about compilation or whatever. this goal of "increased sophistication
for the less sophisticated" has always been foremost in software
development, and alas has largely been lost in the minds of many designers. (look how many years it took MS to come up with the
concept of "plug and play" when it would seem like an obvious
feature from the very beginning of computing). the process of
complex program translation/porting
has been reduced to the minimum of clicking on a hypertext button.
 look how many countless
man-lifetimes have been wasted by beginners trying to hack through
their autoexec.bat, config.sys, and whatever else silly configuration
files the software requires them to tweak. look at the lifetimes wasted
on bad IRQ settings. what utter shamefulness, to think that all this
could have been averted by a few farsighted designers who took the
time to "do it right" the first time around and develop standards
that didn't require a burden on the human, but instead put it where
it belonged: on the designer!! those who argue, "yes, but as soon
as you learn this stuff its not a big deal" are completely missing
the point.
the point that I am getting to is that I think we are entering a new
era of "seamlessness" everywhere in cyberspace, and java is going to
be a big part in helping that goal be achieved. we are going to see
our machines rarely ever ask us for ridiculously arcane or abstruse
information such as IRQ settings, IP addresses, or require
us to maintain it--things we should not have to care about as humans.
its really amazing how often designers simply replace one set of problems with another set, and these people are increasingly going to
have to get their act together in the future as people simply don't
tolerate poorly designed software that requires them to do things
they shouldn't have to do.
Java reminds me in many ways of the Unix operating system. now I'm
not claiming a parallel in the "use" of the language, but the
design goals are somewhat similar. Unix was broken down into very
fine "pieces" of code that could be interchanged and plugged into
each other in the same way that subroutines or classes can be shared today. the obvious goal is to have the ability to string
pieces of code together, no matter how small or how large. this
goal has largely eluded software programmers. it seems that after
code gets to a certain size it becomes far less able to be used
as a module or subroutine to other code. it seems one has to
constantly invent new languages to string all this code together
(machine language, C, then shell scripts, then an operating system
on top of that, then a network).
 I believe we are moving toward an environment in which code
becomes incredibly interchangeable. the entire cyberspace will
be seen in the same way that we see our own local computer system
today. cyberspace will be thought of as an enormous code library
that one can "link to" in any way one likes with one's own code.
the distinctions between operating system, computer languages,
shell scripts etc. are all going to blur into one massive, unified algorithmic structure.
"object oriented programming" is slowly moving in this direction.
it does seem to be that the basic unit of software is not a
"subroutine" or an "application" but an "object" and that this
paradigm can be utilized in almost any situation, at any level.
Unix has what I describe as "fine granularity" and was designed
purposely and almost fanatically to have this feature. in short it
is the philosophy that no code is an island and no matter what hierarchy of code one is talking about, from subroutines all the
way up to complex applications, standards should exist that let
it all "interoperate" in automated fashions.  a shell script is merely a way of treating
large pieces of code as subroutines. (one can get their exit
status, pass parameters on a "command line" etc.)
Unix succeeded in bringing the "interchangeable code" concept up
higher in the hierarchy to shell scripts and OS utilities etc.--
but it had to keep inventing new languages at every level to
do so.
to say that Excel "interoperates" with some other software seems
deceptive, if one is using the term in the same way it was
used in Unix. the user has to click around in menus to accomplish
what they want; whereas the situation of making the software so
that it can be called as a subroutine from code requires an entirely different design. when Excel began allowing all its features to
be called from Visual Basic functions, such that a series of mouse
clicks and operations implied a particular Visual Basic program,
is the direction I am referring to.
today we see code as something hiding behind user interfaces. but increasingly in the future, we are going to be able to see the
code itself and view the user interface as simply a kind of
"grafting" on top of it. it is a sort of "handle" that lets one
access the code. there are other "handles" that can be created to
use the same code, such as a specialized language, subroutines that
name the code, or objects. generally objects are going to win out
in the future as the "thing" that describes all code. the object
paradigm does come very close to the goal of interchangeable software
parts. increasingly the objects that hide behind complex applications
are going to become "visible" to the end user who can combine them in
novel ways. the analogy I like to use is that the "hood of the car"
can be opened to let people to tinker with the engine.
when one thinks about this, I think it becomes clear that we are going
to see many, many new standards for code communication in the future.
if we don't want all these java applets to be isolated, we are likely
to see many standards emerge that allow people to write applets
that "fit into" various places in a sort of "plug and play" approach. in Unix, the standards that were devised were shell scripts
and command line parameters. much effort went into trying to deal
with compatibility of command line arguments and that kind of thing.
these standards will tend to define things like "the standard methods
that [x] java widgets must support, and in what ways". I expect
to see a lot of these standards be developed and proliferate.
in fact, musing on all this reminds me that it seems to me the
heart of computing involves creating standards and interfaces, and that very few computer languages address this aspect of
computation. I'm toying with the idea of inventing a computer language
that actually manages standards. (future posts on this will probably
go to coderpunks)
now a few words about something I talked about in the title, or "vending machine software". I imagine we are going to see a whole
new paradigm for software use in the future that is going to absolutely
baffle companies used to the old paradigm, and who built their
kingdoms on it, the most obvious being Microsoft.
the key concept is to combine cyberspace, digital cash, microcurrency,
applets, and interchangeability into a new complex holographic recipe. imagine in the future that massive single, "circumscribed" applications such as Excel
become more rare, and instead what develops is an incredible variety
and diversity of applets around the world.
 I suspect that in the
future, people will use software something like the way vending machines work. you look around, pick the exact thing you want in the moment,
and pay a pretty small fee. you may come back later and pick something
else out. eventually I think cyberspace is going to look like one massive
application that one can click anywhere to do anything. anyone will
be able to put their own "code" into this massive vending machine.
sophisticated methods of organizing the hierarchies to aid finding
what you want quickly will evolve, just as Yahoo and all the other
search services are now proliferating.
the point is that you no longer "buy" an application-- you pay for
each individual use of pieces that exist all over cyberspace, i.e.
every time you "call" a subroutine, so to speak. the cost-per
use is so low that you don't mind this, and in fact you probably save
a lot of money in the long run, because you only pay for what you use.
furthermore, the software is very specialized and you can get applications
that are very much tailored to what you want them to do-- they require
less and less configuration. entire companies will specialize in delivering
what you want very quickly if what they are selling is not exactly what
you want that moment.
people will in fact create massive applications that are strings of
subroutines of software written elsewhere all over the world. I think
that rapid network speeds will actually allow software to be written
that doesn't reside on a local computer, but in fact in which some
subroutine calls happen over a network!! the parameters and return
data are passed over the network, and the code never runs on a local
notice the "boundaries" of such an application seems to shift dramatically. you cannot "circumscribe" such an application as easily,
it is not one "thing" that runs isolated on your own computer. it
is a sort of holographic element in a massive algorithmic universe
that calls on all kinds of other elements in the universe.
it may be possible to build in the same kinds of "resistance to
errors" in this kind of computation that we now have in TCP/IP
protocols. i.e. if a certain module fails, the system may automatically
call up other modules that work.
all of this requires a reliability and complexity we do not have
at the moment, but I see major hints of it in our current system, and I believe we are
rapidly evolving towards the above scenarios.
the above cannot really be realized so long as people insist on
selling their code as if it is a massive product that has to be purchased
and shipped somewhere in shrinkwrapped packaging. as we begin to move
away from the concept of, "you are buying the right to use this program
whenever you want for a lot of money" to "you are buying this particular
computation or use of the algorithm for a small fraction of the development cost", the above system will begin to proliferate and blossom.
what does this all mean to existing (software) companies? increasingly, the value
of a company of people, or some kind of structure, will be how well
it can coordinate people and resources to accomplish some particular
goal. but the company will increasingly have to compete with other
structures that may be more able to coordinate resources efficiently.
if an incredible groupware program evolved, for example, that let people coordinate themselves and others as "efficiently" or more
so than a company does today, companies in the modern sense would
tend to die out. a "company" becomes a virtual collection of people
and resources to accomplish a common goal, but the geographic
localization/focus characteristic of modern companies will be seen
as something as an anachronism.
a company that is drowning in inefficient bureacracy will tend to
find that people will simply go elsewhere and find more efficient
methods of "plugging in" their value, because they are better paid
by some structure that does not waste their energies.
I am not saying above that bureacracy is evil-- we are going to find
out what kinds of bureacracy (or "coordination") is really necessary in the future, and
what kind is superfluous, burdensome, and inefficient, as people increasingly move out of/away from structures running amuck in the latter.

@_date: 1996-04-01 15:48:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Witch Hunts 
Bruce Zambini sigh. I don't know why this periodic identity madness visits this
list. does it have something to do with phases of the moon? do you guys
do harass everyone who hasn't personally attended a cypherpunk
meeting? are the cpunks going to implement uncrackable identity cards for authorizing posts before the congress does so for immigration
as for your speculations, all I can say is that Mr. Unicorn is one of
the many people who seem to have violent prejudices against me posting
here because of some supposed similarity of my style to this notorious
Detweiller fellow. so it wouldn't make much sense to me if he was
really me, er, sorry, Detweiller. it seems to me that by now, people might have figured out that all this
silly identity speculation is a total waste of time (and tends only
to start flamewars) on a list that is
by official administration and consensus agreement, "anything goes".
ah, but some people are slow learners and need a lot of reiteration
before they begin to understand.
in this forum, there is only a message. the messenger is irrelevant.
we could all post anonymously and have precisely the same effect. in
fact, I don't think it would be all that bad of an idea.
Tim May == Rousseau??? hehehehehe. and I fail to comprehend how anyone
so universally despised as Detweiller could be considered to have employed any "effective critical technique". maybe I should send him
some email, but alas I perceive that to be another waste of time.
the point of this message is to say, will everyone give it a rest?
who cares? why do you think it matters?

@_date: 1996-03-20 15:51:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Mr Emmett Page, Asst. Sect. Defense, CCCI 
Tim Fulbright <100022.3167
there  seems to be a lot of hyperventilating in the military arena
about "information warfare" lately. I find it rather strange and incomprehensible. there are two chief areas that this frenzy seems
to be in response to:
1. propaganda/espionage areas.
2. hacking. (i.e. breaking in, crashing, etc.)
as for (1), I don't know what the fuss is about. what it suggests to
me is that there are branches of government that take "psyops" (psychological
operations) extremely seriously and are very intent on setting up camp
in cyberspace & the internet, and have probably already done so.
it is as if they are deathly terrified of the ability of individuals
to communicate not only with other individuals but other masses through
web pages and email. I find it quite frightening how many people in
our government have the mindset that "free communication can be a very
dangerous thing." personally I think an application for government
should reject anyone that hasn't memorized the entire bill of rights..
but the recent Strassman & Marlow paper on remailers, which addressed (1),
seemed a bit incomprehensible and bordered on unintelligible.
they talked as if remailers are like weapons that can be fired on
an enemy. (huh???)  either they are deep into psyop or spook psychology, or they just don't "get it" that remailers are pretty harmless. I tend to believe it is a little of both.
(2) is definitely something to take very seriously. if you want to
learn about how/why infiltrating computers is incredibly appealing
to many in the government, check out info on "danny casolaro" and
Inslaw PROMIS software.
the behind-the-scenes theme to a lot of this is that our massive
cold war apparatus is bored and listless now that the Soviet bogeyman
is gone and they are just moving into new territories to continue
to suck up billions of dollars.
but its awfully hard to read the various scrambled entrails that have
been emerging such as the Leahy bill, Strassman & Marlow paper, etc. in
relation to info warfare-- I tend to think some of it is just evidence that there are some amazingly addled people in our government.
BTW I like "boardwatch" mag, read it regularly, and highly recommend it to anyone as one of the better & more quality cyberspace mags. try

@_date: 1996-03-20 16:03:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft's "answer" to Java 
AO on MS response to Java:
I think this is a very good example of why nobody should bemoan Java.
when it was first introduced I heard a lot of grouching and sniping
at this really outstanding software (that was admittedly overhyped).
but look what we could have gotten as the first potential standard:
the above system.
MS was apparently caught completely off guard with Java. they had not a clue about what it was about, why it was important, and scrambled to deal with it.
they have apparently only reluctantly licensed it as a temporary ploy.
the above motions suggest they ultimately want to control this standard.
all the MS responses to Java outside of licensing it appear to me to
be pathetically missing the point. they don't seem to understand why
Java is so important, namely its decentralized security model you refer to. you cannot create this by adding a few function calls on
top of an already insecure language like Visual Basic.
it has to be done incredibly carefully from the ground up as it was
done with Java. I don't think people realize how carefully this language
was constructed, it was developed extremely delicately in a way unlike
many other languages. this is a real breakthrough in software that theoretically creates a "secure" programming environment, something that has been sought for decades and is now being delivered to the desktop due
to some very hard work and visionary effort.
I noticed that Denning, in her Leahy protest letter, referred to glowingly of this MS "endorsement" scheme. I have
a very bad suspicion that MS is like a dog that rolls over whenever
the NSA comes to visit them and tell them how to write their software
(apparently this happens routinely).
anyway, I totally agree with you that their centralized scheme is
really horrible, and its inferiority and headaches are likely to
be spotted and yowled about by many developers as you write.
 there is no probably no need to fear MS's schemes at the moment. as long
as they have an inferior standard its not going to gain much attention
or use and Java already has a very intense momentum going. just because
MS does something in some area is not necessarily reason to take them
seriously. they have had situations where they come out with stuff
that never turns into anything and silently evaporates like all companies have. (far less than others, but nonetheless)
one thing I just don't really understand about MS is their seeming
drive to conquer every market. it seems that whenever a new software
market emerges they feel they have to invade it and dominate it
like pirates. this has a lot to do with the psychology of Bill Gates.
the idea that "gosh, somebody else has already done that really well,
and it would be awfully tought to beat them, let's not bother with
that" seems to be lost in that environment completely. instead, it
is, "oh no!! they are beating us!! we have to make a better widget
or we'll all die!!" -- a good example of competition taken to extremely unhealthy extremes imho. I suspect like others that MS'
glory days are receding and in fact all extremely large companies
may undergo major shifts once our economy fully shifts into the
information age.

@_date: 1996-04-04 16:38:26
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: Re: java: vending machine software (long) 
These are important ideas.  I found them explored very nicely
in several papers written by Drexler and Miller (circa 1988!).  They
are available in the collection "Ecology of Computation (1988)" and
via the Agorics Home page (
It seems that with the Web and Java now widely available the technical
means to implement these ideas are getting visibly closer.
The most interesting thing I've heard along these lines was described
in a talk by Matthew Fuchs.   He suggested the idea of using something
like SGML (of which HTML is a subset) to communicate between smart
agents.  The idea is to provide a machine understandable equivalent
of a web form which could be used to send info back and forth.  In
this application display instructions are not important, what is
important is the meaning assigned to the keywords.  For example, in
a simple web page you might use , , , , etc.
The browser knows how display these because for simple documents they
have a well defined meaning, but an automatic document indexer could
also easily find the title and author.
Consider an airline reservation system.  It might support a variety of
commands to answer queries and make reservations.  Clearly once the
*meaning* is in hand, crafting a way to display it would be easy.  So
you have a scheme which can be used with equal facility by
either a human or a machine.  This allows for smooth transition from
human mediated to automated steps in a larger project (e.g. plan a trip
visiting these five cities) where some parts have been automated (e.g.
airline reservations) and other parts have not (say, hotel reservations).
Further, the system can be built out of layers of objects that give
meanings to various keywords.  Consider a bunch of keywords and
associated Java applets that understand dates and times (they know about
timezones and daylight savings and weekends and so forth).  Another
level of objects knows how to manage schedules, and still another
layer knows about travel arrangements.  The system used by a particular
airline uses all these objects to provide an interface for communicating
with customers (or their automated agents).
Java seems ideal suited to be the active lubricant in such a system.
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-04-04 19:08:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: java: vending machine software (long) 
yes, I didn't get into some of what you are talking about in my essay,
but that's something very significant that is going on right under
our noses this minute: the formatting of vast kinds of data into
SGML systems.  I have a book called "writing SGML DTDS". it seems
pretty boring-- it talks about how to create tags and all that, and
doesn't give a "big picture scenario" of what this technology can
lead to-- which is unfortunate, because the end result of it it
all is extremely significant.
the framework I like to use to describe this technology is to portray
it as the steps that are necessary to create the "paperless office".
this was a holy grail that computers were supposed to deliver many
years ago, and many have noted the irony that the exact opposite seems to have happened in that computers are generating mountains of paper.
it is clear that to achieve the paperless office, many, many standards
have to be devised an adhered to for the formatting of information in
documents.  SGML is intended to be a high-level total overview architecture that can encompass all document definitions created by anyone,
and allows embedding of different formats within formats, so that a massive hierarchy of interchangeable formats can be constructed.
EDI or electronic data interchange format for billing that many companies
are using (I don't know anything about it I assure you) is an example
of the kind of standardization that is gradually taking place.
whether Java is the "ideal language" to handle all this I think remains
to be seen. I expect amny new languages and concepts to be developed
that focus on the creation/manipulation of document standards. an
object-oriented paradigm will be important in this endeavor, though,
I agree. your idea of relating "documents" and "objects" I definitely
expect to see as a strong emerging paradigm. a document will be thought
of as an "object" whose local data are the blanks in the form, and the
document can perform some operations on that data using its "methods".
also the hierarchy you described is very nicely imposed on documents:
a very general "bill" class might have only a "payer/payee/amount/desc"
fields, and all kinds of comkpanies would create their unique subclasses that describe their own internal company forms. general
methods would be overridden, etc.
what this is all moving toward, imho, is a kind of  "information assembly
line". imagine every task in the world today that involves nothing
but shuffling information from one form to another, in a way that requires "logic" but not human intelligence (i.e. could be programmed
if the data were available in digital form and inputs/outputs were hooked
up properly). I predict that wherever this is the case, there is going
to be a gradual motion toward automization of these processes. also note that the concept of an "object" tends to become far less
local and more universal. there may be "objects" "out there" in cyberspace
that you can manipulate and subclass as if they were sitting on your
own computer. but because they are so universal, other companies or
individuals anywhere on the planet may be using the same objects. at
various levels in the hierarchies of data, it is all interchangeable
and related.
this all suggests an amazing new collaboration between companies to create standards where everyone benefits. in today's
system, companies tend to behave as if they are isolated entities who
all survive at the expense of the other. I believe this concept will
largely dissipate as companies see themselves as fitting into special
places in a characteristic "niche" of the ecosystem of business. they
will see themselves as components in a massive computing system that
interface to each other via cyberspace. cyberspace becomes then a
kind of nervous system for an entire nation (which it already is,
just not as overtly).
it is quite surprising that given how far we are into the Information Age
how much information and data has resisted the gradual trend toward
automization. many, many companies are interested in "reengineering"
for this reason: they want to take full advantage of technology, but
realize how incredibly difficult this is to do when you have decades of "status quo" type procedures calcified into the system that
tend to be hostile & resistant towards automization.
the job of turning documents into data is actually quite herculean--
we have a tendency to see it as trivial but the amount of labor involved
in "conversion" can be enormous. the payoffs are very significant once
you have converted your atoms to bits, though.
the corporations of the future I imagine will have incredible fluidity
without the cost in lack of security. in other words, they will
be able to dynamically "re" configure themselves to suit the instant
because they will have highly organized and malleable "central nervous systems" that govern the information flow within them.
these systems will be built out of massive hierachies of document
format standards and enormous, seamless flows of data.
someday, I think every form that is in existence will have an
electronic description similar to SGML syntax, and every aspect of
data shuffling in companies and between them that can be automated,
will be.  its going to be quite awhile before this achieved however.
thanks for your reactions to the writing, which have caused a whole new
avalanche of neurons to fire..

@_date: 1996-04-06 15:49:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: myths of software "standards" (long) 
this is an essay on some ideas that have been swimming around in
my head about "software standards" and the various pervasive
myths associated with them, unleashed on this motley crowd
for your viewing pleasure or distaste.
there is tremendous amount of angst and anguish spent on software
standards by designers. I'm going to try to point out some of the ways that
software standards are fundamentally different from hardware standards
and the implications this has for their use.
with a hardware standard, we are talking about "atom configurations".
if a given computer is manufactured in a given way, there are zillions of
standards that are implicit in the design. there is a standard in
the way that cards interface to the bus, in the ways that chips fit
in sockets, in screw sizes, component sizes (such as the power supply), etc.
obviously it is virtually impossible to refit a component that does
not adhere to some "physical configuration standard". if the power
supply does not have the right footprint, good luck filing down the
edges to the point that it fits. another point to make about physical components is that it is possible
to "own" them. in our system, we are even allowed ownership of the
abstract standards used to design their atomic configurations; we
call these things "patents". however, notice that software standards are sometimes thought of in
the same way as hardware standards. I want to make a point about how
fundamentally different they really are.
software standards ultimately govern the "configuration of bits". to
borrow Negroponte's lovely distinction, bits are far different than
atoms. foremost of the difference is what might be called
the fundamental "malleability" or "fluidity" of bits in contrast to
atoms. atoms are expensive to move around and to manipulate. bits
can be moved around and manipulated at such an infinitesmal cost
as to be almost free.
here is the chief myth that I want to address, and I'm going to
borrow web concepts here especially, because the public is misapplying
the concepts of hardware and software standards especially in this
now suppose that Netscape comes up with their own unique HTML "extensions"
which they have done. if you want to think of this "standard" in the
old paradigm of atoms that are expensive to move around etc., then
what netscape has done is pretty outrageous. one might assert, as
the press and public tend to do, that Netscape is trying to "own" the standard and "impose" it on the rest of the world, so that they
can "control" it.
but what is this "imposition"? if they were saying that particular
hardware components had to be designed in their way, indeed this would
be an onerous and suspicious demand. it would be reminiscent of industry outrages like IBM's "microchannel" architecture.
but the fundamental distinction here is that Netscape is *not* designing
a standard that refers to atoms, but one that refers to bits. and
standards that refer to bits have fundamentally different properties.
first of all, if they are good standards, then it should be easy
to manipulate the bits between the different standards, and the cost
of doing so should be close to negligible. we are only talking about
straightforward algorithms easily implemented by even 1st year
CS students, typically. when you think about it, the concept that a company can "own" a software standard in the way that hardware configurations are "owned"
is pretty obtuse and incongruous. because bits are so readily converted
and manipulated, it actually becomes the case that companies that
create bit standards are almost doing a public service in devising
orderly systems of bit arrangements not previously established. if
bits are interchangeable, then the key is to get them into an orderly
form first, and then just twiddle them into the format that you want.
all this sounds a bit vague and nebulous but is extremely significant. it demonstrates
how radically different the information revolution is from the
industrial revolution.  in the information realm, "interchangeable
parts" takes on a whole new meaning. all that is necessary is that
the bits be in some standard form to start, and then they can easily be
transformed into some other form. a very important point to make is this: what becomes more valuable with bits i
s *not* that everyone pick and agree on *the*same*standard*. this is
applying "atom" type prejudice to a new problem. if everyone wants to
have compatible hardware, then indeed we need to have the kinds of standards I
described. but software (bit) standards work differently. you only want
to have *any* kind of a standard that is well designed. you want standards
that are not necessarily *universal* as with atoms, but instead are *orderly*.
if they are *orderly* or "well designed", then it should be easy to convert
any "bit configuration" standard to any other standard on the fly with
there is tremendous ranting and raving in the Web world about how
the HTML standard is fragmenting because of Netscape etc., and there
is so much angst about trying to devise a *single* cohesive, unified
standard that "everyone" follows. people talk as if Netscape is
trying to "hijack" the standard, when in my opinion they are performing
a valuable public service of trying to hammer the bits into useful
form. everything they have proposed could not be handled by the
earlier standards-- and if it could have been, chances are they would
have used that standard.
a unified standard in software realms is a total fantasy to achieve, and in my opinion the dramatically wrong & specious goal.
instead, I taking into account the above ideas, what we need are a
*variety* of different standards, all of them in themselves cohesive
and fully functional, which can be *translated* readily between each
other. the key goal is not *unified* standards that try to entail
"everything", but instead collections of complementary standards
that are in themselves nice unified "pieces" of the whole. (somewhat
like original Unix design philosophy).
the various image formats such as DVI, postscript, TIFF, etc. is an
example of this. they all are decent standards for what they
attempt to standardize, and it is silly to lament that there isn't
a single image standard-- it misses the point.
(one tricky thing with bit standards is the goal of trying to
go "backward" in converting a very complex format into a simpler
format. trying to have text-based web browsers with all the complex
images and formatting out there is an example of this.)
in other words, some people seem to imagine that in the future some
massive HTML language is going to be devised that all browsers support.
many web design discussions seem to implicitly talk as if this is
the goal.
instead what I imagine is that many different substandards will be devised, and will *continue* to be devised-- the point when there
is a global, unified "web formatting language" will *never* come and this
is an illusionary, impossible, and *unnecessary* goal. what
we need are browsers that are extremely flexible and can support
on-the-fly translation between different formats, and which try to support the capability that at any time in the future, someone may come up
with a new language that could drive browser formatting and display
characteristics. the idea of having different layers over the network, such as "conversion servers" which might convert between all the more common formats and requests, is another interesting idea to pursue.
netscape 2.0 "plugins" are a first step in this direction.
imho, the web of the future is going to have not one but a *zillion* different
languages describing all of the data that is out there. the goal should
not be unification under a single standard, but of ease of conversion
between existing standards that are modular and complete in themselves.
in this view, the complementing (not competition) of different formatting
languages is glorious and to be encouraged, not something to be dreaded,
avoided, and stamped out. the diversity and "complementarity" is the key to the power.
I've been making all my points relative to the Web, but I think the
ideas apply equally well to *computer*languages*. there are all kinds
of silly holy wars fought over about what are the *best* computer
languages, and everyone that designs a new language seems to be
implicitly trying to incorporate the features of every other language
in existence and then some, i.e. a new "unified" or "complete" or
"ultimate" language (I recall a long flamewar out in the newsgroups
between Stallman, espousing Lisp, and Wall Perl fanatics). to me this is all ridiculous, because in the
future the goal will be the ability to *convert* between languages
in automated ways, such that the same problem can be automatically
reformulated in another form to gain its particular idiosyncrasies.
imho, new computer languages are going to be invented as
long as human beings exist-- because what they really are is a
"component library".
for example, C is very low level but fast-- why can't I just convert
my Perl code directly into C whenever I want to? or vice versa?
in fact that is exactly what a compiler does, and I am suggesting
that the compilers of the future will allow conversions between
all kinds of languages, not merely a high level language to machine
code. in this sense the idea of fighting over different languages
as "ultimate" is ridiculous as the religious wars over who is the
"one true god"!! all algorithms are in principle interchangeable, and
I believe this theoretical concept will be increasingly applied
directly in the future.
anyway, this is my contribution-of-the-moment in trying to dispel
some of the "standards myths" that are extremely persistent out
there esp. in regard to Web software and language extensions.

@_date: 1996-04-07 16:04:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: the value of money 
pardon me but just for fun, would you mind debunking some conspiracy
theories on this subject, since you seem to understand our system?
there are a lot of people now claiming
that the federal reserve is a system designed to slowly cause the
entire US economy to go into debt to it via charging interest on
the loaning of paper money. how do you address this?
to me the idea that cybercurrency might escape possible manipulations
and machinations that are happening in the real world currency
markets is quite liberating. I would also expect to see some
powerful interests try to fight it for this reason.
p.s. if you are really you, thought you made some great points
about the Unibomber on Peter Lawrence, and I also love your
two books, Chaos and on Feynmann.  keep up the great work.

@_date: 1996-04-07 16:19:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: myths of software "standards" 
that was exactly the view I was trying to discredit us in my post.
did Netscape protect their creations with patents? no. what did they
do that prevents other browsers from immediately latching onto their keywords?? we are talking about *bits*!!! oh, do  they have
too much PRIDE or something to use an idea that somebody else
innovated? I think in all this ranting is lost the basic fact
that Netscape did what they did to be *innovative* and this
innovation is what is driving the net. can you indicate to me
why or how they were trying to squelch competition? what kind
of squelching is possible in a world where the next version of
anybody's software can immediately incorporate their own features?
you seem to be suggesting that they intentionally tried to screw
up non-netscape browsers, which I find laughable.
this was by the choice of people who wrote web pages, who made
the collective decision to follow netscape. you are not criticizing
netscape, you see, you are simultaneously criticizing every person
who has made the decision to go with their standard. which is
a rather unenlightened way to look at the way that standards on
the internet work, imho-- they are not "handed down by anyone".
netscape could have been roundly ignored, and a zillion standards
die every year for this reason. but netscape made a positive contribution, and this is reflected in the agreement of every
person who voluntarily, under total free will and no coercion,
picked their standard. can you tell me how netscape
twisted a single person's arm to put netscape tags in their
web pages?

@_date: 1996-04-13 01:17:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Lotus notes 24 bit hack project? 
reading notes on the recent RSA conference reminds me of something.
Lotus announced their 64 bit encryption for foreign users some months ago, with 24 bits secretly "owned" by the NSA. there
was some speculation here about how this was handled. could
the system be so insecure as to have a unique 24 bits used
across every foreign key? or are those 24 bits somehow
algorithmically determined from the other 40 bits, with
the algorithm a secret?
in any case it seems that reverse engineering of Lotus Notes
would provide the answer, and we'd be able to embarrass both
NSA and Lotus (who imho deserves it, for caving in to the NSA)
all in the same sweep by revealing it to the world!!!
I would bet this would be worth some more NYT or WSJ almost-front-page
ink for some lucky cpunks if someone can pull this off!!
this would be a *major* new feather  in the cpunk cap, and I'd
enthusiastically support anyone attempting to work on this project
(maybe writing HTML pages for information or something).
cypherpunks, start your disassemblers!!

@_date: 1996-04-13 06:53:58
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Digital Cash Escrow 
give me a break!!! the future government attempts to squelch, suppress, restrict, prohibit, regulate, tax, spindle, and mutilate Digital Cash will make Clipper look as significant and
threatening as a christmas tree ornament.
we have not seen the tiniest shred of the panic and paranoia
that will resonate through government once they get a clue about
what Digital Cash means to the future of the world.
furthermore, it is my belief that there are some very rich people
that effectively control our governments, who have strangleholds on various aspects of the world economy that will become a tad upset as well.
as I wrote in an earlier essay, the possibilities of combining digital cash with stock market company shares suggest a radical
new economy that would have the potential to topple a lot of very powerful existing interests, in the way that printing presses
once toppled the Church.
to borrow a bit of Chinese black humor, "we live in interesting times".
we will be living in even more interesting times shortly.

@_date: 1996-04-14 01:08:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Money supply is fake anyway 
since we left standards that tie money to things physical with
value. i.e.-- the federal reserve was created, supposedly moving
to a gold standard, but which was given up, and then we moved
to silver, which was then thrown away by Nixon or whoever.
TGE was obviously referring to the way that all banks are authorized to
lend money that they don't actually have in assets based on our
banking system. they are all "tentacles" of the federal reserve,
so to speak. people say, "so what if we don't use gold. money is just an abstraction".
perhaps so, but think of this: if an economy collapsed such that
money no longer had any psychological value, would you like to go to your bank and have them say, "sorry, we don't guarantee our money"? or would
you like to go pick up your few pounds of gold or whatever that the
money represented? I can guarantee you this: the latter scenario is
not possible in our current system, and if you think it is, perhaps
you will encounter a reality check (like the crash of '29 was).
a long time ago a "banknote" referred to gold, and that banknote could
be traded for that gold. manipulations in our system caused us to lose
that standard. few people will understand this, and those that control
the money supply and benefit therefrom would prefer it that way.
the power of printing and creating money is far more significant than
most people understand. again, those that do understand it would
prefer that it stays this way.
a somewhat amusing book called "Last Waltz of the Tyrants" might
interest some. there are many more substantial books on the subject
as well. these issues are going to come to the forefront if digital money
ever gets off the ground. again, I expect that there are a lot
of people secretly working against digital money because it has
the potential to interfere with monomaniacal power structures already
in place.
sure, I'll be flamed by some for writing this, but what is the
cpunk list without a little delicious conspiracy theory?

@_date: 1996-04-14 10:28:58
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Any examples of mandatory content rating? 
there is a big distinction to be made here. are posts required to
carry a rating system by which anyone can create ratings, or
are they required to carry some "official" rating from some
govt agency? for example, I think it would be odious if the government
mandated PICS for various providers, but I sure would like it a lot
more than them mandating a rating agency. that is, are they
mandating the *capability* to rate, or some "official" rating
system that involves judgement? totally disagree with you. the existence of Surfwatch etc. proves
that there is *already* such a market and economic incentive. SurfWatch is in fact, in a sense, a ratings agency similar to the MPAA--
not a government body.
I foresee that the "industry" of providing ratings is going to be
a very significant aspect of future cyberspace. these ratings are
generally always going to be advisory-- people can latch onto them
for a fee if they like to determine quality. note that "good/bad"
is the most simplistic rating possible. even more superior rating
agencies might find "cool material". in fact in a sense, every
editor of every newspaper is a sort of "rating server". he culls,
filters, and selects information that the readers like.
increasingly, we are going to see systems that place economic incentive on *selection* more than *copyright*. in other words,
in the old system, there is a "thing" called an "article" in
which one pays money to the owner whenever you copy it. in the
new system, the article itself has no value-- what you pay is
the system that delivers it to you (all intermediaries, editors,
etc), all the way up to the author.
it will take people awhile to realize, but ratings can actually
be extremely liberating and useful if put into place in a robust way. I believe PICS is a very good step in the right
directions. what today is limited to credit ratings etc. will
expand into a system of rating everything, I suspect, and it will be done in such a way that everyone agrees it is
a Good Thing and they couldn't imagine getting along without
in the old system, censorship was accomplished by the government
putting chains on, or burning, "atoms". in the future, people will just
select whatever information they are interested in. censorship
of bits is not only inappropriate, it is impossible. censorship
can only work when you have atoms. those who are applying old
"atom" ideas to "bits" will continue for some time to have sway
with the public, until the general population realizes their
arguments are completely specious.

@_date: 1996-04-15 09:11:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: [Political Rant] Was: examples of mandatory content rating? 
Unicorn takes time off from his busy schedule of smearing and ridiculing
me with sniping pot shots to write up a more comprehensive attack:
you seem to not address the more liberal concept of "rating" that I am using, which does give me an opportunity to elaborate.
 in my view, anyone who exercises judgement is in fact
applying a process of "rating". the results of that rating
may be "explicit" in the form of things like measurements, (MPAA
ratings being discussed) or they may be implicit, such as the
selection of content for a magazine by an editor. however,
at the root these are the same activities-- taking a subjective
human judgement, and creating some objective "product" or "conclusion" from these judgements. ratings abound in our society. we have SAT tests for students.
every test is a kind of a "rating" by a "trusted rating
agency". we have the Better Business Bureau. we have credit
ratings. we have "referral services". all of these someday
are going to be seen for what they are: services that measure
the "quality" or "value" of various other services or information pieces. as we move into an information society,
people will begin to understand the commonalities between
all these seemingly diverse areas. they will tend to become
more unified and diverse at the same time.
most people are applying the concept of ratings far too narrowly
in my view, like you do above. I tried to expand your horizons,
but you lept into the trap of seeing ratings only of value to
parents. ratings in general are extremely valuable to everyone
who lives on the planet. imagine some of the following ratings 1. quality of internet providers around the country
2.  lists of people who spam internet mailboxes
3. best hi tech companies to work for based on packages
etc. ad infinitum
all of these have audiences, and would be economically viable to
maintain in my view. we will let the market decide. but when
the future of our economy is "information", you are going to
see some very radical new industries emerge. ratings
are one of them.
false. subjective judgement is relied on all the time by everyone.
it is not perfect, but because it is not perfect does not mean
it is worthless. you are relying on the subjective judgements
of zillions of people by living on the planet, who made subjective
decisions like: how do I best build a house? how do I build a computer? how do I plan this city? these are all subjective
 Tell me who completely incorrect concept.  people pay a lot of money for TV guide, for movie rating books, the advertisers pay Siskel
and Ebert (a rating service), etc. (btw, it was Klaus who first gave the Siskel and Ebert example, and because he is
so sensitive to being properly credited for his visionary ideas, well
I am crediting him )
 No reason to oh brother. surely you see how weak your argument is. they paid
$7 to leave at the beginning? and you think there is no market
for a movie rating service? such services already exist.
 Instead they pay right. a rating service. you will see more and more in the future
as information is recognized to have value in our economy.
you have gone off on a strange tangent that was not in any way justified
by what I wrote, although you have a pretty good argument against *something*,
I'm not sure what  -- I didn't claim that MPAA ratings were the
best example of a rating service. in fact it is a very primitive
kind of rating system in my view.
false. they get paid by their advertisers to maintain that. just because
you don't pay doesn't mean that no money is involved. furthermore
there is a great example of an internet web site rating service called
"point communications top 5%"-- another economically viable venture.
these people do nothing but surf and rate sites, essentially, and
now they have a marketed book out on the subject. it's a rating service.
that doesn't mean, as I repeat, that rating services will not increase
and thrive. there are many ways for an economy to run outside of direct
no, frequently you will see editors write columns about what kind of
information they are excluding etc.  the whole concept of how much
space they dedicate to an article, the size of the headlines, the placement
of the articles, all are an "implicit" rating of the material. as I said,
some ratings are explicit, some are implicit. but the whole field
is going to become increasingly blurry in the future.
notice you seem to equate "ratings" with "central authority". PICS
is a good example of how this is a fallacious line of thinking. indeed
what I and Klaus have openly advocated is a distributed rating system
in which there are no "official rating agencies" other than those
that simply choose to be rating systems. you let the information
market decide.  PICS does support such a system, and is designed with that as a key design goal.
repeatedly in your message you try to extrapolate on the future
based on some very primitive and rudimentary systems in the present,
which I think is not going to give you a very realistic view. it
would be like the prediction made in popular mechanics, "computers
will some day become as small as a room".
your notes on copyright I don't really want to respond to, as I have
written essays here on my thoughts on the subject before that cover
not by me. but note that the concepts of "centralized" vs. "distributed"
can become blurry in various situations, and I believe this blurring
will continue.
nowhere in my article did I say that ratings would be centralized.
it is true they will be "centralized" in the sense that each agency
decides what ratings they have and how to store them etc.-- but
the agencies themselves are decentralized. their systems may in
fact also be decentralized (e.g. rely on many different reviewers).
  The basic premise that people will prefer to hmm, that's strange then that magazines and newspapers exist, or
mailing lists with moderators, etc.  maybe we don't  live on the
same planet or something.
imagine a rating service that rated the quality of companies. such a
company would be the consumer's complementary tool. the companies
rate their customers, and the customers rate their companies. indeed
a rating service designed for one audience (such as companies) is
going to be mostly worthless and perhaps even opposed by other
audiences (such as consumers). but once everyone has ratings that
they use, perhaps they will "live and let live".
you seem to want to argue with me no matter what I say, so you read
all kinds of things into my essay I didn't write. I advise you to stick
to what I wrote if you are going to attribute things to me, although
your fiery passion against debunking the nonexistent is amusing and
I wouldn't want to squelch all future emanations of it.
a major point of the post I wrote was that ratings is a system that
involves a free market. nowhere did I argue for "a centralized and
standardized rating system" in the sense of one authority making
all the subjective decisions. what I *do* favor is a unified
*framework* wherein such decisions can be collected and traded
within, with PICS a very nice early attempt at this important
no, I consider it a ratings system. the ratings are "implicit" vs.
"explicit". they are making subjective decisions about how to organize/
present the material etc similar to what an editor does, which again
I suggest is a "rater of information", although his judgements
are reflected implicitly, not explicitly, in his end product.
again, I never said that individual consumers would pay for every
rating they consume. systems whereby advertisers effectively pay
for these ratings will be very useful as well. you seem to be "hot and bothered" by something I wrote, but I can't pinpoint exactly
what I said that got you so torqued up.
your idea that I am interested in a central authority as far
as "one unified rating agency" is totally incorrect and not supported by anything that I wrote in my post, and in fact I think outrightly contradicted by serveral statements in it.
again, what I do advocate is a unified technical standard by
which multiple rating agencies can all coexist. I am expressly
against coercion of consumers or retailers to follow particular rating
guides for any purposes. the entire system must be voluntary in
most aspects. however, an individual retailer should be free
to screen his merchandise or selection based on his own judgement,
which may or may not be based on ratings. if a large group
of retailers agree to ban various material based on their
voluntary decision to follow particular ratings, so be it.
the consumer is free to choose a different retailer that
better suits their needs. a consumer cannot demand a particular
kind of service however in my view if the retailer is not
interested in providing it.

@_date: 1996-04-16 07:27:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: RSA-130 Falls to NFS - Lenstra Posting to sci.crypt.research 
regarding these collaborative, "open" factorizations and cracking
I have been wondering about malicious hackers getting into these
pools. would it be possible for them to contribute false data
that screws up the end results? or are such anomalies easily
discarded or disregarded by the final processes?
there is a reduction step in the NFS (number field sieve, technique
used to factor large numbers) in which all the collected data is mashed.
how sensitive is this process to spurious data? i.e. if there
was a little bit of bad data in its computation, does it completely
screw it up, or is it robust and resistant to this kind of problem?
it seems to me that in many cases, these collaborative projects
virtually cannot check the validity of the supplied data without
repeating the computation effort, although there may be good
tests that tend to screen out "most" bad data. future implementors of these programs might amuse themselves with
trying to create such safeguards or anticipate such "attacks" which
are pretty significant the more the processes become distributed.

@_date: 1996-04-17 18:39:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: RSA-130 Falls to NFS - Lenstra Posting to sci.crypt.research 
the malicious type of hacker has the psychology of taking
great glee in tearing anything meaningful down. they don't
necessarily need a plausible reason. the purpose of destruction
alone can be a powerful motivating force. those who destroy
carefully constructed things for fun obtain a sense of power from it.
the point is, when you are sharing your project among a lot of elements "out there" on a network, you have to worry more and more about "safe computing". when you are working on a purely
voluntary basis, what is your guarantee that everyone who volunteers
is actually on your side? again, a bigger problem the more a task is decentralized. one interesting argument in favor of centralized computing (I'm not saying it is a definitive argument, quite far
from that of course-- just pointing out that Distribution is
not necessarily the Panacea to All Problems).

@_date: 1996-04-24 11:54:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Java, distributed OO revision control 
in some earlier essays posted here I have been exploring some of the ramifications of Java and the distributed computing model it gives
rise to, suggesting that many new standards are on their way to
deal with the unique associated programming complexities. here are some more thoughts along this line.
Java clearly was designed to allow the integration of objects located anywhere in cyberspace, although this is not yet
realized in widespread practice. even as part of the basic standard it proposes a naming hierarchy (i.e. object namespace)
that includes internet domain names.
the problem of distributed objects is somewhat interesting and I
believe will lead to many new advancements but also require many
sophisticated new practices on the internet. however, these are
the "same problems" that have been repeatedly encountered in the
past, just re-rearing their heads in a way that begs for systematic
consider the problem of software that uses a lot of different components built by other people. I create a Widget X that uses
Gadget A,B,C, all of these being different pieces of code maintained
by other people somewhere on the net. each of these pieces of code
may go through revisions that make earlier conventions obsolete,
or worse yet, introduce unexpected bugs. this is a very basic
problem of software development whether you are within a company
or within cyberspace, but it is going to become far more prevalent
once distributed objects are in place. how can we deal with this
one idea that occurs to me that would be very powerful in tackling
these problems would be a "distributed object oriented revision control system", DOORCS. many here are familiar with revision control systems that
work on program files. what I imagine is a RCS that allows individual
objects to be checked in and checked out, and keeps track of earlier
versions of objects. let's say then that I write my Widget X. I could "freeze" the versions
of the objects A,B,C that I want to use if each of these designers
was using the DOORCS-- they commit to keeping earlier versions of their
code in place so that my own code is stable. this is *not* the same
as me copying their code into my own directories, which is highly
undesirable from the point of view of development, because it forks
off the lines of geneology.
hence when my code runs, it names the version of the objects that it
is using over the network. so when people create new versions of objects,
my code is guaranteed stable.
all kinds of interesting embellishments on this system can be put in
place that might allow automation of software jobs and chores that take
a very long time in our current system, some of which I will describe.
imagine the problem of some code being revised, and the designer must
spend time integrating the new changes into his system. what I propose
would be that when people create objects, they also include an "intention" field that indicates things like:
1. how long this version is likely to stick around, if new versions are in the pipeline
2. how long this version will be kept around after new versions of
the object are created, i.e. "expiration date"
3. whether new versions is/are going to be backward compatible
this kind of information could be in fact applied on a method-per-method
basis. now imagine that I run a program associated with my Widget X
called "update". this program goes out into the object hierarchy and
notifies me of new versions of my objects that are in existence. it
might automatically adjust versions to new versions of the objects if
they are supposed to be "backward compatible". it could tell me things
like "so-and-so object that you are using is going to be replaced in
[x] days", or "so-and-so version was replaced with a newer version".
with this kind of information, combined in ingenious ways, I can actually
measure the overall "stability" of my program based on the "stability"
of all the parts. I can actually make design decisions about using
different objects "out there" that are likely to be more stable, if
that is my preference, or more "state-of-the-art" but buggy (the basic
tradeoff going on here).
now, here is where the fun can really begin. when all of these systems
are formalized and standardized, you can write software that automates
some of the very difficult tasks that many programmers face. I would
wager the majority of time spent in large programming tasks is dedicated to some basic problems:
1. regression testing. adding new components and making sure the "whole" still works when you add new parts (objects).
2. locating bad modules when a regression test fails.
imagine that these time consuming processes that take days of the
lives of programmers could be *automated*! that is precisely what I am proposing would be possible with a very good DOORCS. here's how it would work:
a person that creates an object also creates "assertions" or regression tests built into the object. these tests are run to make
sure they pass for some version of all the objects that this object
comprises. these assertions should be code that can be run with an
exit status of "code passed" or "code failed".
now, when new versions of the other objects are created, an automated
"packager" could test the new versions of code automatically, and also
isolate bad versions of the new objects that aren't backward compatible
or introduce new bugs (i.e. "regress"). the automated "tester" would
be similar to a binary search algorithm: it would start by adding
all new modules, and then running the regression tests. if it passes,
the new modules are considered trustworthy. if it fails, it can switch back and forth between previous and new versions of the modules,
rerunning the regression tests, and automatically find the bad modules
possibly very rapidly!! I claim that this is exactly what programmers
often spend many of the hours in their day doing, and an automated
means of doing this could possibly be quite revolutionary. furthermore,
adding the "distributed" aspects of associated with cyberspace, and
you have a sort of "holographic programming environment" in which
everyone on the Net effectively becomes a cooperative programmer
in the same company!!
now, consider some other interesting problems. often people have
different ideas about where they want code to "go" in the future.
a DOORCS system might actually track the geneology of a piece of
code, and allow anyone, not merely the original creator, to create
a new "branch" of development of any object on the net. viewed in
this way, we have a sort of "object commune" in which everyone
contributes what they want to the development of software, and it
simply moves in the directions that are decided by mass consensus.
you might have "breakings" and "mergings" as people diversify and
unify different algorithms. anyone can decide to use any version
of the object in the existing tree, or modify it accordingly.
in fact this creates a sort of "software breeding ground" in which
different objects are crossed, intermixed, and combined by programmers,
the trees or geneology of which are tracked by the DOORCS.
one concept to bring out in all this: what I am proposing is also
a hierarchical method of revision control in which the granularity
of control is very narrow, i.e. that of individual objects. it is
this granularity or resolution that allows all the neat tricks and
very streamlined version management. (today, most companies do RCS on the level of entire programs or files in those programs, which
would not fully support all of these capabilities I've delineated.)
in the view I am proposing, every piece of software is an "object"
composed of other "objects". these objects all have their own versions, and some fixed combination of these versions, plus additional
modifications can be named a unique version of the encompassing object.
also, I like the idea of every object having a "maintainer" or an
email address of where to send bug reports to. it seems that I am
eternally finding bugs in other people's software when I try to write my own software, and in some ways this is an impossible fate
to avoid (users invariably become bug finders). at least this way
I would have somewhere to complain to. an object might actually
store all of the bug reports or enhancements that have been sent to
it from the net, and when the maintainer goes to modify that object,
he can automatically call up all the associated comments! the maintainer
may even find that various enhancements have already been added to
his objects by others "out there" and he might take the task of
"authorizing" (i.e. integrating into his "official" version)
all the ones he finds most relevant and useful to his software.
note that some of the things I am proposing can be handled by
inheritance properties in language, and there is some similarity,
but I don't consider current concepts of inheritance in general the proper mechanism for dealing with revision control, although
it may be that new concepts of "inheritance" that combine it with
the above revision control ideas find their way into languages.
note also that I am very explicitly abandoning the idea that some
programmers have, "if someone's new software doesn't work, then they
should fix it, and not distribute buggy software". the whole concept
and premise here is that BUGGY SOFTWARE EXISTS and cannot necessarily
be detected by the PRODUCER of that software, and that a system ought
to be devised in which the CONSUMER can have total freedom over what
versions of the software he uses based on his own perceptions of its
value or bugginess. the more that bugs and program development are
seen as an inherent part of the process, the more beneficial the overall
system in my view.
(there will be many people who object to all this as fantasy based on MONEY. "who will pay for it??" ask the unimaginative. I don't
want to get into the economics of all this in this paper, only to
say that I did explore this in an earlier paper, where I said that
microcurrency combined with per-use-charges on objects could lead
to a very interesting "vending machine software environment".)
while all of these ideas may sound "pretty but unnecessary" at this
moment, I think they will be seen as increasingly critical when
distributed objects begin to catch hold on the Internet with the
Java paradigm. many programs such as Makefiles were invented for
the sole purpose of dealing with the associated complexity of
programming, not the programming itself, and I think this trend
will be continuing.
increasingly, programming environments are not merely going to
be programming languages, which is a very minor part of program
development, but entire systems for the development of code.
many programmers tend to oppose these new systems, insisting that
"I could do all that by hand in the old days". but they really will
save tremendous labor if done properly, and not
create new limitations and burdens but instead give new freedoms and options to the programmer,

@_date: 1996-04-30 16:04:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
the question is of course, what will the "modern" state be replaced with? imagine a system in which everyone coordinates
their public or community projects via web pages, or groupware,
or the internet, or cyberspace, or something like that.
would this be a "government"? to cryptoanarchists, "government"
is a four-letter word, even though there may be other systems
that they embrace that effectively perform similar functions.
the cryptoanarchists tend to define government in weird ways
that most people don't agree with. "government is the entity
that collects taxes with the threat of force". "government
is the entity with a monopoly on force". "the only purpose
of government is to prevent people from hurting each other
and to protect private property". what amazes me is that many so-called "cryptoanarchists" are
committed to their communities and interested in the welfare
of their peers. when you formalize this, you have government.
granted, it often goes astray, but in my view our government
is out of control not because of the evil of politicians, but
because of the apathy and resignation of the public, which could have checked it before it got out of hand.
instead the attitude in this country is, "here is my tax money,
20% of my earnings. did I send you the right amount? are you
not going to audit me? good. then please leave me alone".
if the attitude were instead, "what the @ are you doing
with MY MONEY?!?!?" we would have had a different system. I
intend to write an essay on that here.
what I think everyone can believe is that our current system
is broken and it being replaced with something better is
fairly inevitable. but labelling the inevitable alternative
"anarchy" doesn't quite make sense to me nor do I think that
is really what some anarchists are advocating. small self-governed communities that are in themselves autonomous,
and aren't manipulated by an outside authority, is what most
people have in mind.

@_date: 1996-05-01 14:51:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Why I dislike Java. (was Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats") 
well, are you saying it would be impossible to do such a thing in
a distributed programming language? why does Java not fit this description? it seems to have the internal equivalent of "firewalls"
(a "sandbox" is a similar concept).
furthermore, you are imposing a virtual military-level degree of
security to something that does not seem to require it. if
a virus gets loose on someone's computer because of Java, what's
the harm? you are designing systems that when broken cost bazillions
of dollars, potentially. what does Java cost when it breaks? who
is saying that one should use Java for extremely mission critical situations such as funds transfer?
yes, there are different kinds of security, and it would be foolish for anyone to assume or think that the security offered
by Java is the same security referred to by people such as PM
writing financial applications, or people inside the NSA, etc--
you know PM, you often write as if you are an authority on security,
but I'll wager that people inside NSA think you are "playing in
the sandbox" so to speak.
let us agree that no matter how secure something is, there is someone
that demands more security, and actually pays for it. sort of like
no matter how much you make in salary, there is someone who makes
more than you do. or no matter how much you know about subject
[x], someone else knows more.
PM, you go on the defensive against TCM, but he was not really stating that either the "scruffies" or the "neaties" have an
inherent advantage. it's a feedback loop in security as much
as it is in AI as he described. neither view is incorrect. they
both have their applications.
again, no one said that you have to use Java for mission critical
applications. please don't criticize it for using the term "secure"
when in fact that is appropriate for its environment. has it
ever claimed to do something it doesn't? have the java designers
ever said, "our code is bug free"?  We
y'know, it may be possible to create an *implementation* for java
that fulfills your demands. you seem to be talking a lot more about
hardware than software. you are free to create any kind of environment
you want for the Java interpreter, including a paranoid system with
multiple firewalls that assumes Java may not do what it claims it does.
I've noticed how there are two types of thinking: dualistic and
unified. people that are stuck in dualistic thinking always think
that because someone disagrees with them, they are putting them
down. they can't conceive of multiple alternative views on the
same subject, all with relative merits. they may paint their
supposed adversaries as "optimists" and themselves as the "realists". a silly game that can go on ad infinitum. I've noticed
that women (well, the ones that are feminine, anyway)
don't seem to get into this kind of debate much,
even when they are present. it's a real man kind of thing.
again, I reiterate: no one asked you to use Java, PM. it has a very
useful place where it was designed for: on the desktop of computer
geeks who get a kick out of mandelbrot generators or remailers or
whatever. you are a businessman in a mission critical situation.
why are you ramming your standards down the throat of a place where
it is inappropriate? did the creators of Java say that it is going
to be used in the banking industry? why do you write all your attacks
on it as if they have? do you realize it was intended at first to
be put into *home*appliances*? are you going to die if you occasionally
have to reboot your toaster because a bug? hee, hee, maybe I should bite my tongue. maybe you have a "firewall protected toaster arrangement."

@_date: 1996-04-25 11:49:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Mindshare and Java 
hey, that's horrible. well, consider this an invitation. "we" would
love to see you post there. but you've written disparagely about
people that like to code in the past here, so "we're" not sure how
much you will like the list.
that's pretty amusing. I thought I saw a long msg from you about how these
prefixes were mostly a waste of time based on your experience on the
Extroprian list.
 I've seen
whoa, you don't know that. a little bit of a leap of faith there. the
cpunk list has always been awash in froth almost from its beginning.
people are always whining about its loss of S/N but it has always been
an awful lot of flotsam and jetsam.
 While I am of course highly motivated by political issues,
hee, hee. the pendulum swings back. first message I have seen in which
you get out of the defensive, "anti-CDA, anti-censorship, anarcho-capitalist,
libertarian rants are right on target here on the cpunk list and don't
let boneheads like PM argue with you about it."
suspicion is a funny thing. people who are paranoid can be manipulated
to channel their fears into useful effects. in a place where a lot
of people are paranoid, you can even get a sort of chain reaction of
paranoia. (as in the recent message, "YAAAAH!! we're being DETWEILED!!!")
 It is sad to see the Cypherpunks lose its grounding. Maybe in
cypherpunks, a barely "grounded" thing to begin with, "lose its
grounding"? what about you, the premiere advocate of free choice and
letting a thousand mailing lists bloom? oh, when one becomes SUCCESSFUL,
then its a problem. I see. I thought there was "no such thing as the cypherpunks"? there is no "group" to begin with? I never thought I would see you cheerleeding for "cypherpunk unity."
the rest of your post was not interesting to me so I'll refrain from
commenting.

@_date: 1996-05-02 13:04:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Why I dislike Java. (was Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats") 
I agree that designers should start from the assumption that their
software will have bugs, not the converse (in fact have been having
a long running argument with an academic on this list on this subject,
he claims that RCS will not be necessary with good OO programming
because OO programming gets rid of virtually all bugs that require
re-releases). however, again my main point is that the assumptions
Java makes are suitable for its environment. you can't realistically
make demands on the language it was not meant to support.
of course others will call you on this. and ideally a future infrastructure
for your country would not have the insecurity the internet does.
everyone is slowly working toward this goal. but it is an incremental
process. Java is an inherent part of that incremental process. no
one today can take java and say, "at last!! the net is secure!!". anyone who does this I agree is misguided.
yes, I know that there are banks that don't understand that when
something is "secure", it still may not be sufficient for their needs,
which may require a whole higher order of security not available.
but any consultant worth his salt such as yourself will be able to
make a good judgement about the software and hardware they plug
in and guide the client. the point is that no one who wrote Java
is misleading the public, as you sometimes seem to imply.
however there are ways to use Netscape and java that make the
insecurity of the internet irrelevant. suppose that you put Java
inside an intranet inside a company. you already have a degree
of trust over employees. if you can demonstrate that your intranet
does not make any additional trust requirements than those you
already rely on, then sure, go ahead and use Netscape and Java in
an intranet, a semi-secure environment.
people will always put products to use in ways they were not designed.
the designers can try to anticipate this as much as possible but should
not be responsible for it ultimately.
I trust that those who implement bank security, such as yourself, will
not use a widget where a gadget is actually called for. really, humanity
is not *totally* stupid. there are two classes of people for our purposes:
those that build the systems, and those that use them. stupidity on the
part of the latter is not a problem if you have good designers; their
mistakes are protected against and are not made fatal. stupidity on the part of the former-- well, what can you possibly do
to avoid ramifications of bad design? it seems to me if your designers
are bad, you can't rely on anything whatsoever. a good designer is
not going to use Java in an inappropriate environment. are you complaining
that "there are a lot of bonehead designers that create bad systems"?
agreed, but what can Java do about it? a tool cannot necessarily prevent its own misuse. in fact Java goes to great lengths to avoid
the problems that arise in regular programming languages, such as
memory leaks.
but Java did not claim to be your savior for security. maybe someone
will augment it to the point that you are happy. in the meantime why
are you criticizing it for being unable to handle something it was not
designed to handle?
I see. so Java designers need to solve every security problem on the
planet for you not to criticize that language. look, security problems
exist and are all over the place, I agree. the internet is insecure.
people rely on this insecurity. but again, why are you ranting at
Java designers for all these other problems? Java is a step in the
right direction. it is a new attitude change. when we do have secure
networks in the future, I think people will look back on Java as
a milestone, not a trip-up.
again, if a bonehead designer uses something in the way it was not
intended, are you going to blame the person who made the hammer?
I agree they are all around us. but again, why are you ranting at Java
because you don't have tools to make your job a piece of cake? that's
what a good designer does-- takes pieces that in themselves may insufficient
to accomplish his job, and puts them together in a way that they do.

@_date: 1996-05-03 12:58:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: proposed anti-pseudospoofing law in Georgia 
this law got a little notice here although I didn't notice people
considering its identity aspects in particular.
this proposed law in Georgia would make it illegal to have a login name other than your legal name, as I understand it.
I consider it rather silly, naive, and unenforcable, but it does suggest a few things:
1. lawmakers are starting to notice the internet bigtime.
2. its starting to freak them out.
3. the identity issues raised by cyberspace have significant social implications and will not go away quietly.
4. there are some legitimate reasons to require ID in some places
in cyberspace.
of course I will be flamed on 4, but my position is, has always
been the following: both anonymous and "identified" communication
have their places. I am not suggesting that either one is superior
a priori.  however each has different uses. some things that
are possible in one are not possible in the other, etc.
I think it is reasonable
for people who create/maintain forums or other cyberspace services
to demand, and be able to enforce, that you use your real identity if they choose. likewise, you are free not to join these
place or use these services. I think anyone should be free
to create alternatives that spit in the face of these restrictions.
let the market decide what is most viable in given situations.
I suspect that we are going to see some laws being passed trying
to regulate cyberspace that are really ridiculous. it will take
the lawmakers awhile to figure out what they can and can't get away with
and when their opinions are or are not relevant to what happens.
meanwhile, if the internet really is robust, their irrelevant
posturings should not make much difference, although I am *not* advocating that people resign themselves to these laws, only that
if they pass the situation is not necessarily catastrophic or
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1996-05-04 15:33:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: proposed anti-pseudospoofing law in Georgia 
pardon me, I thought that was the correct term. I saw someone
like Hal Finney or TCM (PM? EH?) use it here as I recall. it's hard to remember. if there is a more correct term I will
be happy to use that in the future.

@_date: 1996-05-04 13:28:39
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Why I dislike Java. (was Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats") 
Perry, perhaps you might be interested in outlining how Java designers might incorporate the concept of "defense in depth" that allows for even buggy implementations to have
again, your criticisms of it sound like they might potentially
be ameliorated by a secure implementation of Java. remember,
Java is a language, not necessarily an implentation. designers
have some way in the way they actually implement the language.
an implementation with the zillions of firewalls or whatever
you are advocating for the financial industry might actually
emerge. but again, the Java designers never claimed that
"Perry Metzger will be able to use Java in his mission critical
funds transfer application". your ranting against it has decreased
noticably in intensity but I don't think it was ever justified
in the first place.

@_date: 1996-05-04 17:40:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Why I dislike Java. (was Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats") 
right. substitute "unapproved software" wherever you use the
term "Java" and you will see that at the heart of it
you don't really have a real case against Java in particular.
what is your point? that someone suitably paranoid would never
come close to running Java on their machine? I fully agree with
you there.
oh, I should think that a suitably paranoid sysadmin will be sure
to create an oppressive, straightjacket
environment in which "unapproved software" would be squelched or would never have a chance to run in the first place. it seems
to me if you have to worry about it happening, you've already
in fact the NSA thrives on solving these kinds of problems. I once worked with a guy that emanated out of that black hole, and
I found him highly capable of squelching any possible incongruous or creative thought that crossed his path, in the
same way that state-of-the-art software is routinely denied
employees of companies out of security paranoia.
if you want to live in the world, you will always face some kind
of insecurity. freedom and restriction are mutually exclusive.
if you are against freedom in software choice by end users in an environment you control, well, what does Java have to do with that? its just another insignificant program on the long list of software
you don't allow. although, I suppose, a
particularly scary one at that--one that denies
the whole paradigm of control by a central authority over software
to obtain security, offering a contrary solution that may be
workable in the long run, and might even flourish.

@_date: 1996-05-05 06:05:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: PICS & CyberAngels 
this seems to suggest a misunderstanding of PICS either by you or
the "CyberAngels". PICS does not require any particular action by page owners
and is entirely based on that principle (there is a pretty good
argument it would be unconstitutional, impractical, idiotic, etc. if
it didn't). it defines a standard by
which ratings servers and queries are constructed and formatted.
anyone can rate any information. if the CyberAngels want to rate
all kinds of pages in cyberspace and set up their own rating service,
more power to them. the ratings do not restrict those who do not
choose the restrictions.
I hope we can get a new conventional wisdom going, in which people
who rant about saving children from the evils of cyberspace are
told to shut up and go start their own rating service. they can
blacklist as many sites as they want. but the real test will be
whether anyone CARES what they think.

@_date: 1996-05-07 13:11:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: misunderstandings of PICS 
but you still don't understand what I stated. the above does not make
any sense relative to the PICS system. it would be like saying, "we are going to report anyone who doesn't have a SMTP that bans dirty
email". SMTP does not ban dirty email by definition. PICS does not
censor material by definition. please read the PICS proposal (sorry the
URL is not handy, could someone post it?)
the CyberAngels and you clearly do not understand how PICS works, even
after I tried to explain what point you do not grasp that is inherent
to its design. notice that you are propagating the lack of knowledge
through your own message, demonstrating nicely how
a little knowledge is a dangerous thing (it seems that ignorance spreads as easily or more easily than knowledge does).
PICS *doesn't*involve*the*page*designer*. this is an absolutely key component of its design. it exists indepedent of page creators.
if page creators are suddenly being pressured to format their pages in some way, then PICS has failed in some of its key design
goals. there are some *optional* ways that page designers can invoke
PICS principles as I understand, but they make no sense to me. (it
would be equivalent to someone rating their own material, something
I think is going to be far from the main use of ratings in the future)
the basic design of early versions of PICS is the following: rating servers rate *URLS*. whenever someone wants to grab a URL,
if they have installed software such as SurfWatch, that software
can query the rating server for any ratings on that URL and decide
to display or reject display of the page accordingly. these ratings
may be made by different organizations. they may be contradictory.
this is a basic part of the design of PICS.
notice again this basic distinction between *mandatory rating
capability* and *mandatory rating compliance*.  (sorry can't
think of a better term). PICS does not require the page designer
to do anything, yet it still allows the rating of their information
by third parties. in a sense, the concept of mandatory
rating capability (such that the cyberangels seem to be talking
about makes no sense relative to PICS. it already allows anything
to be rated through no action or inaction of anyone.  the concept
of "mandatory" does not apply to anything within PICS relative
to *content* of pages. the only thing that is mandatory with PICS
is that rating servers follow the standards for formatting the
ratings. but anything can be contained in those ratings. the
market will decide.
please try to understand the difference between the two things below:
1. everything in cyberspace must have the capability of being
2. everything in cyberspace must be rated by government agency X,
and no pages are allowed to be transferred that do not have
acceptable ratings.
the second is censorship. the first is free choice. the first
is what PICS aims for. notice it accomplishes this through absolutely
no action on the part of page designers. by the fact that they
have a URL, the PICS standard uses that URL as a reference.
perhaps you could do a public service to the CyberAngels to help them
understand what PICS is and why they don't seem to understand its
basic concepts.
please, I hope that people can begin to see why PICS is *not* a censorship standard, and that it could actually be a powerful weapon
in forestalling *real* censorship attempts, which always involve
restrictions in actual communication not at the choice of (i.e. outside the control of) the *recipient* of that information.

@_date: 1996-05-07 13:17:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: PICS: cyberratings, not censorship 
some more information on PICS for the interested.
I am a strong advocate of this system because even though it involves
ratings, I see it as expressly and vehemently anti-censorship. this will be difficult
to understand for some people who equate ratings with censorship, and it will require
some major education to help people see why this is not the case
with PICS (platform independent content selection).
why is PICS *not* censorship? because of its key design goals:
1) people are free to choose what ratings they use.  whoever
  sets up the system decides. i.e. parents might pick a particular
  rating agency for their family. people might even use a combination
  of ratings. i.e. weigh the Christian Zealots 50%, and the
  People for the Improvement of Cyberspace 50%, etc
2) ratings are not merely for blacking out pages. they can be
   for finding "neat" pages (Point Communications 5%, etc),
   or "child friendly" or whatever
3) ratings can be created by anyone, including gov't agencies,
  individuals, foreign governments, religious fanatics,
  etc., and moreover they can be in any form whatsoever, they
  are merely seen as information-- the market will decide   which ones are useful and which ones are worthless,   and whether to create standards in various specific categories.
regarding the CyberAngels, I think it would be an excellent project
to have them while away their lifetimes going through the web
and applying their official "cyberangel rating" to every page they
encounter. it would be a valuable public service, and they'd probably
get a real kick out of it (hmmm, perhaps "control-freak-ecstasy"?). it gives them a chance to put their brains and hands where their mouths are, so to speak.
next time you hear someone rant about pornography in cyberspace,
or censorship, or whatever, (whether it is Gore's wife or some nobody on an obscure mailing list), tell them to set up their own PICS rating service and shut up.
if you hear someone whine that no one is listening to their
rating service or using their ratings, tell them that it's
an excellent existence proof that no one truly cares what they think,
and for them to jam it down anyone's throat (via legislation
or whatever) only proves how manipulative, desperate, and out-of-touch-with-reality they are.
truly, I hope that some day the universal and accepted response
to seeing something you don't like on the internet will be to
start or join a rating service, and NOT to try to pass a bill
in congress that attempts to regulate cyberspace (@
will there ever be a day in the future in which, e.g., the Iranian
governments of the world decide to start a Moslem Cyberspace
Blacklisting Service instead of the less-efficient and less-effective
method of Lucrative Blasphemer Assassination Grants?  help support
this proposal and perhaps it will happen. ------- Forwarded Message
Version 1.1 of the PICS technical specifications are now available from the
PICS web page ( The direct URLs for the two documents are:
We plan to submit them as informational RFCs in the near future.
These documents are now frozen. If significant new features are specified in
the future, there will be a higher version number.
Three cheers!

@_date: 1996-05-07 15:41:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: misunderstandings of PICS 
now that you quote the PICS standard instead of CyberAngels
in referring to PICS, I think we are getting somewhere.
right. as I said, I think this will be the less important area of the
PICS proposal. in fact, I think it is a bit misleading to say, "the first is..", because the other methods are really what PICS was trying to achieve,
in my opinion (this is just my perception, I don't know if the writer
would agree. these kinds of issues are still being worked out).
one useful idea related to "self-rating" is to allow the user to create a sort of "abstract" or
"keywords" that could be incorporated into the rating system. such
an idea is not prohibited by the existing proposal and in fact fits
into it nicely imho.
but again, I believe that the "self-rating" concept of PICS 1) is not the key design goal of PICS, and 2) will not be a major use of the service in the long run in comparison to "rating services", and 3) because it requires action on the part of the page designer,
it is less desirable for this reason, and in fact another major
aspect of PICS insists that no action on the part of the page designer should be possible (that which is relative to URLS)
4) the designers intended that self-rating be voluntary. hence
any coercion of requiring people embed certain kinds of labels
is wholly rejected by the proposal. but OK, I see that the CyberAngels have focused on a part of the
PICS proposal that can be twisted into their own unique interpretation.
I see you/they have a semi-valid concept here. frankly, it only suggests
to me how dangerous the "self-rating" concept is, and perhaps that
it should be downplayed in the PICS proposal imho. (any PICS designers
out there listening?)
this is only how a bonehead would view cyberspace. it's an old view
of how information should be regulated. it's taking the metaphor,
"records should have a little sticky sticker that tells whether
it has explicit content". for someone who think that cyberspace is
made out of atoms, not bits, it seems eminently sensible. but it
is wholly ridiculous and unnecessary.
the cyberangels should clarify
their position. who decides what is rated what? it is amazing how
many people who are favor of some kind of censorship scheme evade the
issue of SUBJECTIVITY, as if a government organization can precisely
determine what is acceptable to children.
it reminds of how those in law enforcement talk about CRIMINALS when
often they are actually referring to SUSPECTS. the distinction is
absolutely critical in civilized society. imagine what effect a
politician's speech would be if he said, "we have to CRACK DOWN
ON CRIMINALS!!!" vs. "we have to CRACK DOWN ON ALL THE CRIME SUSPECTS!!"
I highly recommend that everyone make this mental substitution whenever
you hear someone ranting about "criminals" and see what a different
tone their words take!!
it's impossible to fully get rid of ignorance. all that can be done
is for proposals to be written as clearly as possible.
since you are so interested and brought it up, I think you ought to
do it. I am doing all that I care to do in posting to this group. you
have given me reason to write on the issue.
right. again, that's why I think the "self-rating" idea should be
minimized in the PICS proposal as the last one listed, and the market-oriented
ones listed first.
I also would like to see terminology that the proposal is expressly
against mandatory kinds of practices such as requiring page writers
to include certain tags based on some agency's opinion etc.
it seems so ridiculous at times that people are on such different
wavelengths that the proposals have to reject all this
explicitly, but of course that's the same idea behind the Bill of Rights.
I do hope the CyberAngels seize on the other aspects of PICS that would
effectively let them put CyberAngel stickers on every single page in
cyberspace, if they have the attention span to actually pull this off.

@_date: 1996-05-08 11:01:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Transitive trust and MLM 
a very brilliant and thoughtful essay that sparks many ideas for
me. I am sure you will be flamed, or someone will want to,
for your analogy of hierarchical CA's to MLM, but imho you are right
on there!! a beautiful analogy to help the public see why hierchical
CA's are not very pretty.
what amazed me is that you didn't introduce the concept of a graph.
clearly, the web of trust and the hierarchical CA are actually just
different kinds of graphs. (for the uninitiated, a graph is a network
consisting of nodes and edges.) the hierarchical CA is a tree. PRZ's
"web of trust" is a graph that is not treelike. the point you make
about his trust being "non transitive" is actually saying (as I
understand it) that trust only propagates to adjacent edges in the trust graph, but not further.  that is,  say A trusts B,
and B trusts C. a "trust link" exists between A and B and B and C.
but a trust link does not exist between A and C. interestingly, beginning CS students learn to create a "transitive
closure" of a graph by drawing all the missing links. this is
effectively what is going on in a Hierarchical CA. a path of links implies
a link between all the nodes in that path.
your point that the "trust graph" is the most problematic area
of cryptography at this point is really right on the nail. we
all have to realize that Public Key Cryptography solved one
vexing problem, the requirement of the preexistence of a secret
channel. but it does not solve another problem-- ensuring that
keys are associated with the individuals one communicates with.
what I was thinking as I read your essay was that perhaps some
new metrics are called for. it seems to me that people are hitting
a brick wall in thinking, "trust is something that is either there
or it isn't". I think in the graph situation what we really have
is information about the "strength" of a trust link between nodes.
the problem then can be generalized: suppose I have a graph
of edges, and numerical weights that represent the trust between
entities represented by the nodes of the graph. the question is,
suppose A wishes to know the strength of his trust from himself
to some other entity C.
it should be clear that this is in fact a variation of the "shortest path" problem. it suggests a straightforward depth-
or breadth-first search. the code could tell you the "strongest
trust path" between you and some entity using some heuristic,
such that the trust between you and this person is the
average of the trust of all the traversed links, or something
like that. I am not saying this is the correct formula: it would
be interesting to try to find other formulas that are "correct"
in the sense that they truly model trust. (another obvious formula
would decrease the trust strength dramatically if any link in
the chain were weak.)
I would be interested to hear what people
think a correct "trust formula" should be. in fact what you
have delineated HF, are two extreme trust formulas at different
ends of the spectrum. (hope I get this right)
1. the HCA (hierarchical certification authority scheme). all trust links are 0 or 1. (0 is the same as no link). the
trust between entity A and entity B is 1 if a path exists
between them, 0 otherwise.
2. the PRZ scheme. all links are 0 or 1. a trust exists
between A and B if B is adjacent to A, 0 otherwise.
it seems to me that possibly neither is "correct", and that
perhaps a "correct" formula may not even exist. there are
clearly other variations. I'm being a bit sloppy, and I'd
be happy for anyone to hammer out these ideas with more
rigor.  what might be ideal is if every person could choose
to use whatever trust algorithm they desired. (that is,
a system that supported *both* HCA and PRZ is easily conceivable, with the consumer determining how he wishes
to use the "trust data", although PRZ complicates this
by insisting that some trust data must be secret)
and as I wrote, other possible algorithms, with some obvious defects:
3. trust is measured as 0 to 1, or perhaps -1 to 1. the trust between A and B is the highest average possible in
the path between A and B. ("optimistic")
4. or, trust is measured as the worst average possible. 5. trust is the product of trust values.
what we have is a graph in which some links are explicitly
given, and we have to "derive" some of the implied links
based on our knowledge of "trust properties" and the given
trust values.
it is quite interesting that in fact the problem of "secrecy"
is replaced by that of "trust" by PKC, and that to adequately
solve the "trust" problem, we must try to figure out what its
actual properties are. how does human trust work? how should
it work? are there ways to formalize or optimize the
informal "algorithms" that people use to deal with trust issues?
we are getting into some deep psychological issues. can
trust be quantified?
also, there are some other obvious computational problems
that immediately ensue. how can we efficiently store all
this graph information? is there a way to distribute it
over a network? how can we efficiently respond to "trust
queries"? etc.
it seems to me that both PRZ's scheme and the HCA scheme
are only the very first, most basic ideas of how to tackle
these complex issues and that we are likely to see new
variations by others. it is quite possible that some cpunks
may help immensely in refining the field.
here is another idea: it appears what we have is a trust
graph in which some people may want to selectively reveal
or conceal their trust. this complicates things because
now the algorithms may or may not run on the "open trust"
values, or the "secret/hidden values", etc.  ugh!!! the trust
network itself is subject to the kind of secrecy and
hiding that is associated with the original problem it
tries to solve (i.e. conveying secret information).
hence it seems to me a good "trust network system" would support
some things:
1. allow efficient trust queries, without severe problems associated
with "nearness" of the participants. 2. allow individual users to decide how they wish to use
the system, possibly supporting *both* HCA and PRZ etc.
(we all seem to be working from the assumption they are
mutually exclusive. but do they really have to be? is there
really a "best" algorithm, or is the best situation to
actually allow different algorithms for different situations?)
3. allow people to selectively reveal or conceal their trust values.
4. be distributed.
5. not rely on a central authority.
etc.-- additions, anyone?
it appears there is a rich vein of memes in all this beyond
the basic territory explored by PRZ and HCA for someone to mine.
in fact I'm surprised their aren't more academic papers out on
this subject that tackle some of the things I am referring to above (alternate trust algorithms, trust as a network, etc.)
maybe someone would like to work up some alternative prototypes
ala the way remailers were developed in this "community".

@_date: 1996-05-08 11:24:58
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: misunderstandings of PICS 
well, in any case the idea that there should ever be any pressure
of page designers to include certain tags I find wholly inconsistent
with the original PICS proposal and rather abhorrent. unfortunately
it may be unavoidable.
my fear is that the supposed "failure" of self-ratings could be twisted
by its opponents as evidence that it is inadequate to deal with the
real problem. in other words, they might say, "look, the self-rating
thing clearly doesn't work, people don't label their stuff right even
when they are pressured to, therefore we must now have a government
agency with mandatory controls. forget the 'rating server' idea, ratings by people within cyberspace just don't work".
I am not against self-ratings, I'm just saying that they seem to
be the area most ripe for being misunderstood by the public, or
lead to undesirable situations, and this is already happening.
its quite scary to me that the things that the designers were trying
to accomplish with the system might be totally reversed and
corrupted in practice to accomplish something they wouldn't have
wanted in their worst nightmares. I'd like to see an effort to
work against this to the greatest degree possible.

@_date: 1996-05-09 08:27:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: misunderstandings of PICS 
I see I should have been even more specific. what I mean is that
I think it is great to encourage page writers to include tags. what
I find somewhat abhorrent is pressure on them to include particular
tags that imply certain kinds of judgements. in other words, yes,
please use the tags. but don't pressure individuals by sending them
nasty email, "you should have included a sex: 10 tag in your page
and you didn't!! your page clearly has a sex: 10 value!! how can
you not do this!! I am going to email your administrator!! I hope
you get kicked out of cyberspace!!"
me too. but as the cyberangels demonstrate, the public can easily
misunderstand virtually anything, esp. well written technical
proposals, and it takes a lot of effort to create a presentation
that is free of ambiguity.
yes, it is a bit disappointing how slowly digital signatures are catching
on in some ways and the herculean effort it will take to implement it
this problem was particularly difficult with the rating system, because
you have multiple signatures: a signature by the creator and by the rater.
the rater signs not only his rating but links that signature to a
document signed by the author. (a sort of recursive signing.)
furthermore in electronic documents you often have pieces that are
altered and theoretically have to be signed by the transit mechanisms,
such as headers in email messages or newsgroup posts.
to fully implement digital signatures well in cyberspace
will be far from trivial. in some ways we don't have a very
robust ground to build on. for example, even though mail headers
are supposedly standardized there is still a lot of variation in the
way some clients treat the different fields (trivial example: not
correctly interpreting the reply-to, errors-to, etc.)

@_date: 1996-05-09 09:31:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: self-ratings vs. market ratings 
heh. I had a feeling you or someone else would would say this.
as I wrote, I don't like the self-rating idea very much for the reasons
you bring up and because of the pressure on authors to rate their material
in certain ways. but I can see how self-ratings might coexist with a
market rating system.
whoa, keep in mind that PICS involves "market ratings" as well. in my
mind this is the key part of the proposal and most important element
as I have been writing.  although others have suggested they saw it exactly the opposite. we will see what happens in practice.
in a sense this happens at the beginning of works. recall in Huck Finn
how Mark Twain warned against what people should not read the book.
columnists will sometimes say, "this is about [x], don't read it if
you don't like [x]". but I agree it is somewhat silly at times for authors
to rate their articles. but keep in mind we are using the word
"ratings" in a very general sense. it makes total sense for authors
to decide the "keywords" for their articles, for example-- and in the PICS rating system, such a use is possible.
hmmmmmmmm, I seem to recall earlier letters in which you advocated a market-type rating system in which services could rate things,
in the way that stocks are now rated, doctors/lawyers
could be rated, etc.-- let a thousand ratings services bloom.
(or maybe we were talking about reputations. in my mind, they are
mostly interchangeable--hence my interest in "rating" systems).
perhaps in the future people should be very careful to distinguish their
opinions on "self-ratings" vs. "market ratings" because people seem
to be conflating the two and have widely divergent opinions. also I want the reader to keep in mind that PICS supports both (and therefore
to criticize it on the ground of one alone is not wholly sensible).
I point out that market ratings exist and are everywhere around us.
a credit rating is in fact a kind of "market rating" in the sense I am using the word-- rating of some "thing" or "person" by another  In fact, building such an
my fear too. hopefully, designers can try to oppose it in their
writings ala the Bill of Rights. but it is always the case that powerful
technology capable of great good can be twisted into great evil
by the evilminded.
if the system is always championed as voluntary by definition, I can't
see too many sinister scenarios taking place. the problem would be
if people gradually lost this understanding over time. unfortunately
there is ample precedent for that kind of thing again in our government,
where the concept of "of, by, and for the people" seems to have become
blurry, to say the least.

@_date: 1996-05-10 19:12:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: self-ratings vs. market ratings 
you are free to assume any connotation you like. but in my view
they are pretty much interchangeable. they are both "meta
information"-- information about other things or information.
a credit rating is in fact a "credit reputation"-- it is a built
up credit history over time. maybe you would prefer the term
"credit reputation"?
oh, ok, a reputation would refer to a person, and a rating might
refer to a thing. a valid distinction, but not necessary for a system that is purely electronic. people and things could be rated interchangeably. but of course in the "people" case you are going to get a lot more political fire. issues like libel
and defamation come up. it will be interesting to see how they
are resolved.
again, I suspect in the future the distinctions you refer to
are going to blur. there will just be ratings of all kinds of
things, including people. some ratings will be based on expert opinions, some will be based ona consensus of opinions
measured somehow ("reputation"), some will be purely objective
such as "score on last driving exam", etc.
of course all kinds of nasty issues like privacy etc. rear their
head. I don't claim to have an answer or clearcut guidelines
for all this.

@_date: 1996-05-10 19:34:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory Voluntary Self-Ratings 
I don't like the use of the term "objective" here. (I object!!)
this is the point that I brought up in an earlier post: some people
seem to think that a label like "sex: moderate" is in fact an
"objective" label. but it is a subjective judgement. perhaps
a judgement like "child approved" is more subjective than "sex: moderate",
but they are both value judgements.
"objective" is a pretty important term to apply to anything, including
ratings. I'd like to see it reserved for systems that require no
human judgement whatsoever, i.e. are automated. for example, I would
say that a engine that creates ratings based on keywords found in
a document would be "objective". but anything that involves a human
decision cannot be called "objective" in my view.
the RSAC system seems somewhat reasonable to me. it appears to predate
PICS somewhat and picked up on it once it was available.
this from the web site you mention, in the press releases section:
now, it seems that the author might as well put the tags in his material
himself instead of going through this submission process. furthermore
I again object that this be called an "objective" system. first, the
author of the page has to properly answer the questionaire. secondly,
we are talking about the author himself, not an impartial third party.
even if the the rating party was not the author, I would hesitate to
call it "objective". (unfortunately "objective" is a term applied to
things like newspapers that have detectable slants. what I guess is
that we have an objective-subjective continuum, and imho only purely
computational, algorithmic processes are truly "objective").
also, above we have the claim it is "fully automated". what??? it
sounded to me like the page designer has to submit a special form
to this service and then go and grab the tags to manually put in his own
page? this is "fully automated"??? I'm glad that RSAC is doing what they are doing, but the above system
is not objective, and neither is it a "market rating" in the sense
I described-- a third-party rating by someone other than the creator or author of the document.
also, JR, you say the system does not determine "appropriateness". but in my view it does indirectly. an author can "falsify" his submission
to say that his page has no sex or violence. (who is to say he is
wrong? the internet ratings police?) this will implicitly determine
the "appropriateness" of his page for people who screen their
browswers based on the keywords that were affected.
in general, I think all the examples I have seen so far show the
superiority of a third-party market-rating system over self-ratings.
self ratings can be corrupted and falsified by creators. third-party
ratings are more useful imho because you have a third party with their
own agenda, and you implicitly agree to their agenda. you don't
know the agenda of the author of the document, but you do, roughly,
of the rating service. (i.e. they might be "Christian Coalition, Atheist Zealots", or whatever)
self-ratings have the problem that people are going to pressure page
writers to include certain kinds of tags. third-party ratings have
no such deficiency. in fact the system is invisible to the page creator, as it should be. (in my view ratings and the content should
be made as independent from each other as possible in the sense
that ratings are not tied up in the content itself)
if the above is any measure,
RSAC press releases are awfully misleading based on their uses of
terminology and I hope they get their act together in this regard.
if there is a market-driven RSAC rating thing going on not described
in the above article, I'd like to see it. but the above excerpt does
not describe a market-driven system.

@_date: 1996-05-11 19:21:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory Voluntary Self-Ratings 
the idea with the rating system is that the rating signs the signature
of the page, which is itself digitally hashed or something. in other
words, the rating is on the "state" of a page at some time. the system
would at least be able to detect a change in the state of a page,
and inform the user that a rating may no longer be valid due to obsolescence.
but you are correct that page changes are probably more problematic
for market ratings than self-ratings.
it is true that BOTH self-ratings and market ratings have major problems
associated with them. the question is, which has the fewest for a given
situation? if page designers are going to maliciously misuse rating
systems, then the market type system is superior. the market system
does suffer from the problem that it is less decentralized. however
it is possible that some rating services might be able
to economically justify entire armies of rating teams.
it is clear some key questions about ratings are as follows:
1. what pressure or coercion, if any, will be placed on page designers and by whom for certain self-ratings?
2. will self-ratings be deliberately misused by people protesting the
system? will it be a problem?
3. will page revisions make market ratings unviable?
all of these will become more apparent as implementatoins proliferate
more widely.
again, PICS supports both in theory, so I have no objections to PICS
and am fact have been supporting it here.
I suggest that we let the market decide which works better-- market
ratings or self-ratings. I suspect they will both coexist in the future.
trying to a priori argue which will be more problematic seems a bit
naive to me. market ratings might make more sense on more formal pages,
such as reference material that is likely to be steady over time.
self-ratings would be a good fallback if no other information is
as far as page changes, I don't think the web has a good mechanism
for handling changes in its contents right now. improved methods
of handling this kind of thing in the future may make the rating
problem less difficult. for example, if there was a "systemized"
way that a web page could point to a new address it has relocated
to, so that everyone that runs their "checker" programs and hits
the old page would update the link, etc., this could be incorporated
into the rating system to handle one common kind of change.
another possibility is for people to put in information into their
pages about expected "shelf-life"-- this would help ratings agencies
avoid rating places that are not stable.

@_date: 1996-05-11 17:56:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: self-ratings vs. market ratings 
one point about the ratings systems is that they are not simply for
rejecting or approving pages. they might be used to point out "neat
places". now, have you ever gone through a list of "cool links"
anywhere in cyberspace? I suspect such lists are very likely going
to be kept on rating servers in the not-to-distant future.  PICS
is a very flexible architecture and I hope it will be used in many
ingenious ways not previously foreseen.
also, keep in mind that in the short term, ratings refer to web
pages, but in the long term future, I can see them rating all kinds
of other things in cyberspace and the real world. again, PICS supports
this right off the bat. it is not constrained to web pages.
but in a sense, this is what you do whenever you read a book or a
newspaper. you are reading information screened by someone else.
not so much with books that are unique, but you can see how this
applies with like a collection of essays for example. but I agree
with your implications. ratings are not a substitute for personal
judgement. they are meant to be a method to aid thinking, not
to replace it, imho.

@_date: 1996-05-11 19:18:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory Voluntary Self-Ratings 
ug. I see that "market driven" didn't make a lot of sense the way I used
it. I was not talking about money. I was using it in the sense of "third-party ratings" vs. "self-ratings".  maybe the latter terminology is better.
I'd like to point out that market-driven systems, in the sense you use
of the economy supporting the creation of the ratings, already exist
in cyberspace.
1. point communications top 5%. people effectively pay this company
to find the "cool web sites" by buying their book or whatever.
2. surfwatch. as I understand it they have already rated many
sites out there on the internet and are using a proprietary system
that mimics a rating server. people are essentially paying for
them to rate web sites through the purchase price of the software.
other examples probably exist.

@_date: 1996-05-11 18:30:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Publicity on PICS 
this is really horrible. I hope that no precedent of having internet
providers involvement in ratings is *ever* established. this proposal
reeks. separate ratings from content and delivery.
ugggghghghghg. not my ideal use of PICS. I hope that people don't
begin to believe that PICS is this system.
I don't know why that would be a problem.
"content-providers" != internet providers. that former is OK. the
latter is a horrible nightmare. please, please, please, I hope this system is not asking/demanding people who run hardware & communication services to get into the rating business.
 such a thing is atrocious and odious
and exactly what should be avoided.
the government becomes just another rating agency. I don't like it either.
but as long as we emphasize, "the individual always has the ultimate
decision", which fortunately this press release does,
little can go awry, hopefully.

@_date: 1996-05-11 18:36:39
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory Voluntary Self-Ratings 
true. hence you use a service whose opinions you agree with. there is
no canonical, ultimate, "true" ratings service. hence my dislike
of self-ratings that seem to presume the opposite is true. (i.e.
rate the page "what it actually is")
all kinds of things are now rated in the world. stocks are rated.
movies are rated. books are rated. they are rated in various other
books, such as "top books on [x]".
I agree with your hesitation totally. I can easily see how the system
would be twisted in unspeakable ways. but I can see a lot of very
powerful positive uses too. as long as the best attempts are made to
discourage the former and encourage the latter...  again, there is a
question that the future might turn out to be more orwellian if no
action is taken by internet designers whatsoever. I tend to believe
that view.
notice that what you demand is wholly irrelevant. if you put something
out in the public, in a world of free speech, anyone is free to
rate your posting, or your opinions, etc.-- they just set a system
that refers to the message-id of your posts or something.
if what you are instead saying is that you will never insert your
own tags into your content, well that is something you have control
over. but you have absolutely no control over what people "attach"
to your posts in a "virtual" sense.  anyone could set up the
TCMay Rating Service and register ratings on everything you post in
I would definitely be interested in an elaboration, although you don't
have to quote me if it makes you retch . the only thing I see intrusive about PICS is the self-rating scheme. the third-party
rating scheme seems pretty "unintrusive" and invisible in my view.

@_date: 1996-05-14 19:18:11
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: PRZ /PGP 
hmmmmm, surely you don't think you can get away without anyone
requesting an elaboration on this....
maybe post the comments through a remailer if necesary  actually, I agree with this, but probably for other reasons.
it is well known (i.e. reported in articles) that Zimmermann was
considering moving out of the country to australia or canada during
the 80's because of the Reagan cold war situation. well, I don't blame him, but can he really cloak himself in the
mantle of a national patriot after this kind of thinking?
it may also be that Zimmermann has a set of beliefs that he
champions in front of the public, but that his private ideology
is more radical.  I tend to get this impression. he is very,
very careful about his public image and his reputation.
I suspect that Zimmermann's star is on the way to fading out,
at the moment, for some various reasons.  I only write this
because of a letter I read ealier from Raph Levien that
tended to confirm some of my suspicions.
1. he has a "I want it all" or "I want to win while everyone
else loses" ideology. this is what it took to write PGP when
no one else had ever even heard of public key crypto. but
suddenly when crypto becomes mainstream, the pioneers are
often pushed to the sidelines unless they adapt. 2. he attained much of his accomplishments via the work of
others. there is no problem with this, but the issue of due compensation arises when he begins to sell this labor.
frankly I don't think PRZ is into "sharing". this is the
first point in a different context.
3. PRZ is actually somewhat anti-business in some ways.
he came from the outside, challenging the "establishment"
during nuclear war protests. he can put on a business suit
but I suspect there is a lot of different thinking going
on beneath the exterior.
4. PRZ has a bad track record as far as meeting deadlines.
it is not how his brain works. but this is how business
works. with public domain software, no one rants at you
if you don't come out with something when you say you will,
or even if you don't even say when you are going to be
ready. but when money is involved, this is the very
first thing you have to be accountable for, no excuses.
5. etc.
now, I am trying to be as generous as possible here. I really
admire PRZ and think he has an incredibly enviable feather in his cap with PGP, a very significant accomplishment.
but PGP can only be seen as a stepping stone unless he
adopts an aggressive strategy to stick his work into the standards of tomorrow. PRZ has shown a great unwillingness
to do this.
unless PRZ's personality changes in some fundamental way that
I think is highly unlikely, I think he will sentence himself
to obscurity in the face of a zillion people working on the
same ideas. obscurity is not a bad thing, really. PRZ has
reached the point where he has enough security to last him
the rest of his lifetime.

@_date: 1996-05-15 15:43:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: mailing list infrastructure 
the mailing list infrastructure of cyberspace is at an incredibly immature stage of development imho, and this is a
good example of its lack of refinement. there is wide open
room for improvement and a lot of demand as well imho.
one possible short-term solution is to do the following: have
the mailing list send a secret password to the subscription
address before starting the list. the person replies with the
secret password to confirm they wanted the subscription. it's
a tedious two-stage process, but in some cases it may be
as far as long-term solutions go, I'd like to see some serious
thought about the following problems:
1. how do people avoid getting mail from entities they don't want,
but at the same time get mail from entities they do. note this
problem is far larger than that of mere mailing lists.
2. how can good cyberspatial forums be constructed that are
bulletproof against pranks.
3. how can these forums be integrated with future software such
as Netscape to give a good interface to the user.
I think there is room for an enterprising cyberspace company to
work on these problems and make a lot of money for succeeding.
for example, imagine a system similar to Yahoo that catalogs the
massive amounts of email mailing lists out there. "been done"?
no, sorry, I don't think so. there is a list by DeSilva or someone
that is pretty good, but I think only scratches the surface of
public mailing lists. a yahoo-like indexing system merely for
"cyberspace mailing lists" I think might be a profitable endeavor
to pursue.
another neat thing would be to have a "mailing list manager" built
into software. instead of this ridiculous concept of people hand-typing
and sending commands to listservers (all of which have different syntaxes and behavior etc.) I would like to see a "mailing list standard". a
standard way that a mailing list operates (as far as dealing with
headers, errors, subscribing, unsubscribing, etc.). then I would like to see a gui interface that handles all the options. you just see a group somewhere and a button that you press to
"subscribe". the software would automatically separate your mailing
list traffic into separate folders. it would keep track of what lists you are on, and all you would have to do is look at that
list and hit an "unsubscribe" button corresponding to a group you
are currently in, whenever you wanted to.
I really think that the above capabilities are going to prove
very valuable in the future and are the logical next step in
"civilizing cyberspace" after the web and netscape have overtaken the if I get some positive feedback from this message that others are
interested, I might go to the trouble to write up some preliminary
ideas on a standard. it really bugs me that this area hasn't been
standardized by this point, nor does there seem to be any activity
by any groups towards doing so.

@_date: 1996-05-19 05:25:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Crisis with Remailers 
so list attention turns once again to a looming remailer "crisis"...
where are there so few remailers? the reasons are pretty obvious.
these problems have been transparently apparent from the very 1. there is no economic incentive.
as soon as there is a good economic incentive to run remailers, you
will see them proliferate. but currently they have no virtually
no value to the creator. it's like building a house for other people
to live in out of humanitarianism. note that with web pages, you
are buying free publicity for your company. but in fact you are
typically buying yourself *negative* publicity by running a remailer.
what is the current incentive to run remailers? answer: adulation
by other cypherpunks. hmmm, not necessarily all that motivating
to very many.
2. there is no good way to deal with spams or other so-called "abuse"
I commend the remailer operators for starting a mailing list to
deal with spam. but the solution remains essentially "stop
spam by hand". spammers still have the ability to be a serious
threat to the network. this has been a threat from the beginning
and has never been resolved. note that "spam avoidance" is a
very, very difficult problem that plagues far more than remailers,
such as mailing lists and usenet. but it is particularly acute
with remailers.
3. liability
there is a lot of liability to the operator of a remailer, and
again, this risk is totally unsupportable from their current
returns (nil). Hal Finney recently suggested restricting posts
from remailers to avoid copyright liability. this will limit
the liability and risk but does not totally remove it.
4. no need for a network
in fact there is not really a need for a remailer network on one
level. there is only a need if the service is not available. why
is there only one anon.penet.fi? well, because of the above reasons,
and also by the fact that only one is sufficient to serve all of
cyberspace, virtually. what I mean is that there is easily enough
traffic to justify another anon.penet.fi type remailer, but it's
not totally critical (i.e. to the point that someone puts their
resources where their mouth is) as long as anon.penet.fi is running.
5. etc.
if people want to know why remailers haven't proliferated  in
the same way that other cyberspace infrastructure has in the
past, such as news servers and web sites, you have to focus on
the above issues. remailers are NOT like other cyberspace services.
they are a tremendous burden to run, instead of being of high
use to the maintainer (even though they don't generate cash)
in the way a web page or usenet server is.
the main problem, getting cash for the service, is slowly dissolving
to the point that it will not be an obstacle. I predict that remailers (and many other unusual services) may begin to proliferate
at that point-- but not as much as other areas of cyberspace such
as the web. remailers are always going to be plagued by the other
problems I mentioned above unless some really brilliant genius
comes along to solve what seems to be the unsolvable.
another tact the cypherpunks might take to get anonymity into the cyberspace infrastructure is to target forum architecture.
instead of trying to create remailers that "feed into" other
networks, why not build in remailers into those networks themselves?
I am thinking of the way NNTP could be a massive anonymous remailer network, and that in fact it was once but that this
was purposely designed against in the protocol (preventing people
from anonymously submitting articles to NNTP hosts).
I propose that as long as there are serious elements involved
in building up cyberspace that are hostile to anonymity, you
are not going to see it flourish in the way other services have.
it seems to me the major obstacles to widespread anonymity
are perceptual, not technological. if people can find a way
to handle the above issues and still provide anonymity, it will
spread. otherwise, I doubt it will ever become very "mainstream".
perhaps the above problems are intrinsic to anonymity, which would
be a pity in my view.
BTW, TCM laments that he hasn't seen master's thesis on remailers.
I consider Lance Cottrell's mixmaster work to be really on that
level, and highly commendable. LC has really advanced remailer
technology by tremendous leaps and bounds since putting his mind
to it. also Levien's remailer page is another very outstanding
service. it is possible that all the real research into remailers
is being done at the NSA seriously, though, I think cpunks have an opportunity to do some
introspection here. it seems a pretty good rule in cyberspace that
"cool and useful services flourish and grow". witness Usenet
and the web. why haven't the cpunks been able to tap into that
kind of exponential force with remailers? the problems are not
merely technological. I would say the technological problems
associated with the remailers are the most straightforward to
solve. its the complex social issues that are seemingly insurmountable.
I really believe that if anyone wants to get more anonymity in
cyberspace, they must deal head on with the sociological "anonymity taboo" in society. why is there a taboo in society
against anonymity? could it be there are some good reasons for it?
is it possible to create a "socially acceptable" anonymity? of
course this line of thinking is going to be utterly repulsive
to some on this list, but I contend it is essential to remailer
growth strategy.
of course if people don't want remailers to ever go "mainstream"
anyway, well then there is no problem. the remailer network still
has an "underground" feeling to it and perhaps that will always
be part of its draw, and its actual structure.

@_date: 1996-05-19 09:58:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
ah, and therein lies the rub. why do you hold up the mafia as an
example of how cyberspace might work in the future? it's no wonder
that people are intimidated by some cpunk ideas.
do you really consider the mafia a good example of how you would like "cyberspatial reality" to operate? it seems to me that people
developing future infrastructure for cyberspace ought to be more
concerned about making mafia-like roles less easy, not more easy.
but obviously this is just yammering on my part, because I and
others on the list know you better than that.
this of course is not the first time  you have held up the mafia
as a glowing paradigm, and the reason I am now commenting on it. I recall
a rather stunning message some time ago in which you talked
endearingly (well, as much as it is possible for you to do so) of
mafia informants being hunted down through information warfare,
and why this was quite fitting because of the way the government
uses the same manipulation via witness relocation. (well, not quite
like that, but the logic was hard to follow)
not in a civilized society. good g*d, you consider the mafia a
model of good business? are you aware of what goes on in Italy
and Columbia, and you are becoming a mafia apologist? the basic
rule of thumb if you are operating in a mafia-like organization
is "only deal with people you can manipulate or rub out without
consequence", quite the opposite in legitimate business.
an interesting thesis, quite revealing. "the mafia is fulfilling a valid market purpose. the killings & violence are just minor secondary
issues."  I believe in contrast I would define the mafia exactly
the opposite. the violence and terror is the key part of the mafia agenda.
the activities they involve themselves in are secondary to promoting
the basic agenda of obtaining money in any way possible. how can you
portray the mafia as an honorable business? what you will find, I think,
is that the "professionalism" that was supposedly a part of the mafia
is crumbling into total anarchy. the mafia is undergoing a transformation
in which many of their sacred taboos, such as mafia wives not being
involved, not killing certain people, etc.-- are dissolving. there
is no honor among thieves.
of course I highly doubt you will respond to my points, because you
will realize your error of revealing too much of your true opinion.
best to hide in the woodwork and post a few more bland messages and
everyone will forget my blasphemous challenge in a few days beneath
the froth.
what amazes me about people who tend to have a warped mindset is that
they think new technology, such as cyberspace, creates a new morality.
suddenly murdering, violence, drug dealing, or whatever are supposedly
thrust into some new reality in which old rules no longer apply.
you and Jim Bell are unbelievably similar, as much as either of you
would hate to admit it. its just a cloak, in my opinion, for trying
to evade culpability. the ultimate utopia for some on this list would
be a world in which they can be held accountable for absolutely nothing,
by absolutely no one. "anarchy" is as good a word as our reality can
come close to, although I believe such a reality would be far more
sinister than that adjective connotes.
think about it really hard, TCM. work out those difficult problems
associated with trying to kill people and get away with it, using
new sexy advances in technology and theory. you
have a very good start after years of deep thinking. why, if you can come up with such creative and compelling ideas on DC nets and remailers, surely you can solve this problem. it is a problem that begs for resolution. how many people have yearned for
such a capability over the centuries!! maybe talk to Jim Bell some more. perhaps
eventually you will perfect the method of perpetrating the perfect
killing!! I really do admire you, because killing people without
getting caught is surely a great unrecognized art, and one of the
most unappreciated and misunderstood.
something that has only been a dream to the blighted
wretches prior to our glorious new phases of cyberspatial technology, which makes human morality completely obsolete.
surely once all these difficult issues can be resolved (and surely
they can, with such great minds as RSA or Chaum walking around the
planet) there will be some excellent business opportunities for
some lucrative ventures and profits. interesting investment
possibilities. surely you will keep us informed of any future
developments so we can invest wisely as you have done for so long.
right, oh well, thanks for the entertainment. usually you have to go
to a theater to get the "chills up the spine" effect. kinda slick
one can get it in cyberspace.  you're right, this cyberspace stuff
has a lot of possibilities.

@_date: 1996-05-19 09:21:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Crisis with Remailers 
pardon me, but a rather shallow response. you simply cannot ignore the spam problem by saying, "censorship
is not acceptable". this is not a solution. there is definitely
a spam problem in cyberspace, and it definitely has not been
solved. (by "solve" I mean, a solution that is acceptable to most
while at the same time preserving "freedom of speech")
when you say, "internet traffic should not be censored based on contents"
you have something that sounds like Jefferson wrote, but in fact in
practice sounds like someone who has never designed a serious
technological device that resists negative uses by design and not
by dreamy assumption. what is the actual application of your
insistence? this reminds me of the vagueness of marx saying, "if people would only do it my way, we would have a utopian government". apparently either people never figured out what he was really talking about, or he was wrong.
perhaps after someone continues to send you a recurrent mailbomb of
100 MB per day do your site for 1 year, you will still insist that
"internet traffic should not be censored"...
whoever creates/funds the infrastructure can use it any way they so choose.
a usenet adminstrator has absolutely no obligation to dedicate vast
amount of his costly computer resources in cpu time or space to
material he does not wish to even spit on. the fact that he is forced
to in many situations shows how little choice the software gives its
the spam problem will only be solved once people begin to realize what
kind of a problem it is. the same problem that allows spam to explode all over Usenet is the principle that gives you chain letters
and unsolicited junk email to your mailbox. it is the same problem.
a solution might be possible if people put their minds to it instead
of wallowing in irrational emotionalism about censorship.
the spam problem is critical to anonymity. it would seem if you
can't even solve the spam problem with identified communication, you
are surely not going to solve it with anonymous communication.
hence my comments from here from time to time that the technological
problems of anonymity are not the true obstacle to widespread use. there are deeper problems that cpunks skirt around but fail to grasp
because of numerous prejudices.

@_date: 1996-05-20 11:16:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Crisis with Remailers 
[remailer incentives]
not!!! I should have made this clear, but imho no matter how favorably
the public sees anonymity, I still believe there will be little
incentive to run remailers until there is some kind of ecash
scheme. you are going to have "bad" uses of anonymity going on as
long as you provide the capability. ask the remailer operators to
estimate how much of their mail is simply taunts between college
students or sexual harassment. I doubt you will ever be able to
evade this.
what cpunks might investigate is an idea of having a pseudonym
server that somehow automatically registers complaints and stamps
messages with known reputation levels.
agreed, but the subject at hand was not whether anonymity is good or bad, but whether there is some incentive to run remailers.
by liability I am also referring to a situation in which the internet provider is pressured to quit the service by *anyone* not
necessarily agents of the government. past examples are strong evidence
that it does not at all require a government to shut down a remailer
via pressure. anon.penet.fi at one point was pressured to shut down
by "a well known net celebrity"
hee, hee. I think you need to think that out a bit more.
well, the issue we were addressing is why remailers haven't proliferated
like other services. it is true that the usage of them has probably
gone up exponentially, or at least very significantly. but they don't
seem to have multiplied in number in the same way. growth in # of
remailers has been linear at best.
I would be interested if any longtime
remailer operators posted statistics about the amount of mail going
through their services.

@_date: 1996-05-21 15:24:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Re: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
Jean-Francois Avon appears to be a new vocal proponent for Jim Bell's
"assassination politics". he quotes my private mail in his
latest sniveling defense.
right, and Hitler didn't have any other use for his government other
than to bring utopia to the masses, and used all the ovens for cooking
pizzas (after all, what else could an oven be used for?!?!?).
the above sentence I find absolutely abhorrent: it justifies killing,
not merely because of the effect (the sort of "ends-justifies-the-means"
argument used by most here), but that in addition it is supposedly "ethical". ethical?!?!? for g*d's sakes, promote your
depraved scheme under any other heading, but do not claim it is
"ethical" unless you want to further demonstrate how far from
morality you have twisted your brain.
the assassination politics is quite Hitleresque at its root.
"kill our enemies, and everything will be better. it is our enemies
that are the root of all evil in the world. extinguish them, and
you solve all problems automatically"
such is the total moral perversion of the thinking behind "assassination politics". most of the adherents work from the following argument, nicely summarized by JFA above:
1. the government is corrupt
2. therefore, it is okay to kill people who further that corruption.
wow, what brilliant logic. I must admit it proves to be superior to
that embodied by any second grader, a high accomplishment for its
there is a trite saying, "two wrongs do not make a right" (trite
because most have mastered the simple truth of it in their pre-teen
years). a concept not grasped by some second-graders. some require a lifetime of lessons to comprehend it in the end..
I'm very disappointed that others have not chased Assassination
Politics proponents to take their trash somewhere else. of course
the real situation is that those that started this list have
sympathies for this kind of thinking, so no such thing will happen.
to Jim Bell and Avon: please read Machiavelli. read about ancient
assassination clubs and the history of bloody politics. if you want
to seriously further your ideas, start a web site with ample historical research. your ideas are not new whatsoever. if you
really wish to become masters of assassination abilities, study
carefully the errors of those who have come before you. write
a long treatise with lots of footnotes to past assassination
difficulties and how you would advance past them. I tell
you flat out that any respectable assassin would be quite embarrassed
to be associated with you at the moment because of your arrogance
and ignorance.
I wish you the best of luck

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:38:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Crisis with Remailers 
a very interesting proposal (I believe Bill Gates may have even
suggested this in his book), but keep in mind you seem to be mixing
different ideas here.
there is a cost involved in delivering a message associated with
pure communications costs. then there may be a cost imposed on someone
to obtain the attention. the latter is arbitrary. the former is
pretty well established based on internet infrastructure.
what you might keep in mind is the following: in a public forum,
where "spam" was originally invented, who decides how much it
costs to post? now lets say we could quantify the communications
costs. ok fine, this comes out to $.05/msg (a large example number).
that is still economically viable for someone to "spam". to
a mail marketer this would be a really great deal. hence a system
that only charges communications fees is unlikely to prevent
spam, imho. furthermore, in a public forum, you aren't very
easily going to be able to implement "arbitrary" charges like
I wrote about.
so charging for email to one's mailbox is one possible way to
deal with spam, but it's hard to see how one could apply this
to public forums. and in many ways, the spam problem is most
difficult to solve there.
but I like the thinking on methods of trying to solve the spam
problem. I do believe it is solvable. it's just that its such
an insanely difficult problem to solve. it's a good example
of a problem that gets worse when the span of the software
grows larger.

@_date: 1996-05-23 13:47:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Re: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
ok, I will reply to JB because it amuses me to tear his flimsy
wet-tissue-paper thinking.
oh, so in other words, a lot of "innocent" people will be murdered
under AP. ah, another great "feature", not a "bug", right??
what is "legitimate"? in our government, "legitimate" refers to our
judicial system. it is what determines what is "legitimate" based
on laws. in your AP anarchy scheme, the word "legitimate" has no meaning.
"legitimate" is in the eye of the beholder. this ridiculous and
impractical definition was discarded centuries ago because of the
free-for-all bloody violence it inevitably leads to. be very
clear about what you are advocating: in AP, there are no laws. people
do not rely on the judicial system to solve their problems. they
take the "law" into their own hands and take out contracts on anyone
who offends them. would they feel justified in killing people who
disagree with them on cyberspace mailing lists? perhaps, who is to tell?
  If you _don't_ believe you don't have the slightest clue why I have lambasted AP despite my
very clear statements about why, because your brain has been twisted
in knots by something, perhaps watching too many old westerns.
ah, like murder. I see.  well, I think you are violating my rights by
disagreeing with me. I shall arrange your consequences accordingly.
but who decides what is wrong? the arbitrary opinion of some single
human idiot out anywhere in the world? don't you see the tyranny
of this? it is far worse than the tyranny of a government if I were
to be killed by someone who believes that I violated his rights
by breathing air particles or whatever. via AP, you wish to give him
the mechanism to murder me without trace. deny rights, legitimacy, justice, blah, blah, blah. the terms you use have no meaning in the system you are advocating. there are no "rights" in an anarchy,
because a government is the entity created to safeguard/protect them.
all actions are legitimate in an anarchy, because there is no civilized
system that rejects any ones in particular.
what? that is exactly the hypothetical I have been focusing on. what
you fail to comprehend in your reptile-size brain is that "wrong" is
a matter of subjectivity. violation of a right is also a subjective
matter. after many centuries of experimentation mankind settled on
something called a "court system" to make civilized decisions that
transcend the irrationality of single men. if you think that a government is a tyranny, perhaps you are not aware of the tyranny
of the irrationality of individual men. ah, but if you thought about
it some more you might come up with some examples in your close
it will "work" exactly as anonymous murdering now works. AP already exists, that's what you don't understand.  what you seem to claim is that
by opening it up to the masses, you'd have an egaltarian murder effect
that would cleanse society. just curious, how were you raised? what
kind of childhood did you have that would cause you to think like
you do? I really pity you.
assassination politics already exists and have existed for centuries.
there is nothing fundamentally new about your ideas.
  The prospect of perfect anonymity, allowing the system to be open ah yes, exactly what we need. "enhanced anarchy". you and TCM really
should get together and collaborate. I'm sure you'd come up with
some fruitful conclusions.
let me give everyone an example of Jim Bell AP thinking. I will do
this some more if he persists.
A brilliant scientist named Jim Bell studied the problem for many
years and in an epiphany one day realized that 99% of murders were due to weapons held with people's hands. he proposed that everyone's hands
be cut off. murders would instantly drop 99%.
congress decided that rich people needed to be taxed more. so they
put a luxury tax on yachts and nice cars. they computed exactly how
much they would make based on this tax, and patted themselves on
the back. unfortunately, the effect was to cause the rich to stop
buying these products. the industries were devastated.
Jim Bell, a masterful sociologist,  proposed setting up a system whereby people could arrange anonymous "hits" on others who annoyed
them as a solution to all society's problems. of course it wasn't
that simple, but that's what it amounted to. the system was quite popular at first. it created an air of deadly fear in which everyone
was afraid to do anything, even go out of their houses to shop
for groceries. eventually, someone snuffed out Jim Bell, and everyone
went back to living normal lives. yes, the system worked exactly
as it was supposed to.

@_date: 1996-05-23 12:25:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Re: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
I will quote an anonymous AP proponent with the initials EAS
get a clue. I didn't argue against someone shooting at you. I argued
against the claim that you should be allowed to shoot anyone in
the government because you think the government is corrupt.
 While I'm not sure whether I approve of Assasination Politics or
as I wrote, there is no such thing as a "right" in a society in which
people decide who they would like to kill based on their own whims.
there are no rights in a socieity in which killing is considered an everyday
part of life, period. note I do agree this applies to some forms of government.  I do achnowledge the
ah, now there's where the silly non-sequitur of AP proponents comes
in. "the government is corrupt, therefore we should be able to shoot
any government employees we choose". the government is not sticking
a gun down your throat this minute, are they? well, why are you
seriously contemplating the converse? oh, you say that FIGURATIVELY
the government is doing this to you? and you want to respond
LITERALLY? I wonder who is the tyrant in this situation?
"the government might shoot me if I don't pay my taxes". uhm, can
you point out who this actually happened to you? what? you have
an example? out of the 250 million people in this country, you
actually found one? and you are concerned this will happen to you?
well if you keep making a lot of noise, maybe you can achieve
what appears to be your wildest fantasy!!
AP proponents piss on the english language in their quest for
"justice". the ways that AP proponents are twisting language, AP trash is almost worse than much classic government
propaganda that has started past wars. "we have rights. we
want justice. our rights are being violated. we are acting
in self defense."  TRASH, TRASH, TRASH
 To use your
I used him as an example of the kind of thinking that "murdering your
enemies solves all your problems". yes, that was his point of view, and
you inform me that you share it? well, congratualations!! hitler
doesn't have too many friends and can use all the sympathy he can get.
murdering Hitler would not have
solved all the problems of WWII. the problem was militarism that
was embodied by many cultures outside of his own, e.g. Japan and
AP proponents believe that:
1. the world is full of people that are part of the problem or part
of the solution
2. I can tell precisely the difference
3. I'd like to kill those that are part of the problem.
4. if AP existed, and it appeared there was a way to kill other people
without trace, I would go through with it.
5. I have a lot of teachers I hated in my childhood too. I think I
will go for them next. possibly not before seeing if they beg for mercy.

@_date: 1996-05-23 10:37:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: the system CAN work 
the way to exercise power of the government is to organize and
wield that power. JB and others are people who have never tried
this process and in fact are dysfunctional human specimens whose
sheer irritability cause them to be incapable of successfully
interacting in a society. so, like Ted Kaczinsky, they come
up with their own novel solution.
JB reminds me of people who start to play a game, but then find
that they are losing by the rules of the game, and then throw
up the game and hit their opponent.
the rules of the game of our government are mostly fair. there
are legitimate ways to revolutionize the system, working from
the inside. those working on overthrowing it have no qualifications.
have they personally tried to organize? of course they claim
it is fruitless. but I think it is only fruitless because everyone
claims it is. if everyone acted as if it wasn't fruitless, it wouldn't
the recent actions in congress regarding clipper are STRONG EVIDENCE
that our political system will respond to our demands, and more
so the more pressure we put on it. it would have been unthinkable
even say 6 months ago to imagine senators publicly opposing
Clipper. we not only have Burns outright opposing Clipper and the
Clinton administrations' stand, we also have Dole up there as
well. they have made it a MAJOR ISSUE. we have very strong pro-crypto bills in the works. the whole
idea of the senators even taking an INTEREST in this case was
unthinkable only a short time ago. yet the system has changed
you expect the tax code to be abolished TOMORROW?? sorry, it
won't happen. but the amazing resonance of the flat tax with
Forbes this year, which again would have been unthinkable only
a few years ago, shows that strong currents are coming to bear
on the system.
do you hear any cpunks rejoicing about these new dramatic
victories and motions? no, because they are mostly a bunch of
whining nihilists, anarchists, and cynics. no matter what happens,
they will tell you that the sky is falling and Big Brother is
still hiding in your closet, that the world is hopeless so we
might as well just go out and shoot our enemies. they want instant gratification.
they don't want to work to have a better system, they would
much rather kill a few people in government this weekend and get the satisfaction from it. "ah, a job well done" they would conclude.
perhaps so, by their standards.
why am I so incensed at all the APers? because they don't realize
they will devastate our society far more than it is already devastated. we don't have a great system now, but what they are
proposing is an apocalypse of sanity. our system can be pressured
to change. are we acknowledging how pathetic our skills are in
manipulating politicians? how can it be that a government that
is so corrupt can have such power over you? are you saying that
you are powerless against it? it takes two to tango. a corrupt government is the perfect match
for a corrupt populace.

@_date: 1996-05-24 09:10:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: assassinating an AP proponent 
uhm, I hate to bring this up, but the topic of discussion is ASSASSINATION POLITICS. those that are in favor of it are in favor
of KILLING POLITICIANS THEY DON'T LIKE. there is absolutely no way
you can flimflam your way around this basic tenet of the philosophy,
no matter how much you or other proponents snivel about "our rights,
violations, justice, due process" etc.  now it is quite possible you
might be advocating killing politicians other than with guns, perhaps
death by covering them with honey and putting them in anthills. but
get a clue about what you are advocating!! killing politicians you
don't like!!
(above statement is equivalent to: well, I SUPPORT AP, but only insofar
as I don't put my own job at risk. if anyone who employs me THINKS
I support AP, please realize you are mistaken)
"proper target". another lovely euphemism for "target practice for
submachine guns".
of course, that is what AP proponents are asserting. THERE IS NO OTHER WAY
they shout. it's our last result. we have no other choice.
 Hopefully, other means of removal
hee, hee. what is your criteria? "if the government doesn't repeal taxes tomorrow, we're fully justified on going on a shooting spree
at our local government offices". no? oh, perhaps you require a little
more provocation? perhaps a government cleark has to look at you snidely
when you go to review your driver's license? pray tell, what is the
line? please illuminate my ignorance. you see, I have a hard time telling
when someone ought to be put to death. the AP proponents such as yourself
seem so sure of yourself that I'm quite envious. at times TCM and other
cpunks display as much confidence and I must admit I'm quite embarrassed
not to have such security in my own judgements. can one of the experts
here teach me how to pick out the people in a crowd that deserve
execution? surely there must be some simple trick to it all that others
here are not fully sharing.
ah, so you do have admitted sympathies for the "kill thine enemies" approach.
yes, perhaps I was too hasty. killing your opponents has many very
obvious and delectable advantages. I'll have to consider it any future
situations I encounter and decide if it would be a useful approach.
so in other words, if you were in charge of the government, it would
be far better off?
ah, but you seem to have exhausted all other solutions. could you inform
me when you are going to actually put into play your ideas on assassination
politics? I want to attempt to gauge the results informally. if government
suddenly becomes less oppressive while various bureacrats begin dropping
like flies, I'll know who to thank!!
but that is your own and other AP's exact beliefs. "nothing else works.
we're just going to have to start putting politicians to death for their
crimes against humanity". of course you/they don't use this terminology,
but that's the obvious insinuation to anyone with half a brain. unless
you really DO believe the idiotic propaganda terms you guys use like
SELF DEFENSE JUSTICE RIGHTS FAIR TARGET blah blah blah
I invite you to consider the meaning of the exhortation, "thou shalt not
kill", and the consequences of defying it.

@_date: 1996-05-24 09:47:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Re: TCM: mafia as a paradigm for cyberspace 
ah yes, more "two wrongs make a right". "dammit, the government gets
to kill people all the TIME, why can't we share the same JOY in doing
so? the world would be a far better place. Assassination Politics--
it's only *fair*!!"
as I was saying, I believe one of my rights is that anyone who disagrees
with me about the horror and depravity of AP should be snuffed out ah, so two wrongs make a right. if a court anywhere at any time in the
US, in centuries of perhaps hundreds of thousands of decisions, makes
a decision YOU PERSONALLY DISAGREE WITH, then you are fully justified
in going out and shooting some people (or government bureacrats, that
is, who cannot really be considered human)
hee, hee. that's like Hitler explaining why the enemies of the state
must be expurgated for any meaningful advancement in the glorious 1000 year reich. read "mein kampf". surely you can borrow a lot of his ideas.
obviously you already have many of them.
 partly because there will be no people in positions of ah yes. kill everyone who moves. then you will finally have peace. what
about simply resisting a government that supposedly "forces" you to
do something? well, I have to admit that just shooting government bureacrats is probably much more fun. I guess that is the definition of
resistance for you. it's so @ tedious and
time consuming to do anything else.
 It will also allow GOOD people to punish BAD people hee, hee. that's funny, because you have alway struck me as
a BAD person. and I KNOW that I am a GOOD person.
  It will also tend to prevent uh huh. it probably leaves your dishes virtually spotless too. gosh, can you tell me where I can buy this wonderful stuff?
yes, clearly I have utterly failed to demonstrate why shooting
random government bureacrats would not improve our reality but in
fact make it worse. I'll have to work on my case some more. I fully
concede to your superior debate skills that have left me choking on
you've got something there. it's an easy way of looking at it all. if
a lot of people are dying like flies around me because of AP,  I only
need conclude they were the real criminals. what a relief!! it would
be quite horrible if innocent people died. that's the part I like
most about your plan. only criminals are killed. the innocent would
be left alone. now that you explain it in those terms I find it far
more appealing and perhaps even workable.
actually, your ideas sound so outstanding and progressive
that I wish you would run for office. in fact if you don't I'm
going to put your name on the next write-in ballot. we'll get you
in a place where your ideas can have some application if it kills
somebody. hehehehhee
right. so the solution to this thing is to just kill everybody that is
participating in its perpetuation. of course you shouldn't use words
like "kill" outright. use words like "self defense" ad nauseam. such
is the true art of the propagandist. congratulations on your mastery!!
yeah. and I like the idea of shooting people as the only means to do so.
I guess that once I learn to read between your lines, and find what you
are really advocating, I feel much better.
yeah, assassinations of political leaders are kinda rare. like kennedy.
and then there's the bungling like with Reagan. really, we need a better
system. we need to increase the percentage. it doesn't work right now
because the efficacy is way lacking. I'm glad someone with brains such
as yourself is working on this problem. again, perhaps you should talk
to TCM who also believes that a more mafia-like reality would be the
salvation of humanity.
beautiful. I always love your analogies in which you talk about waves
instead of killing and murdering politicians. its so much more poetic.
your opponents are the ones that use all the crass words. well, screw 'em.

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:40:46
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]: "If you only knew what we know..." 
perhaps the "four horsemen of the infocalypse" (terrorists, child
pornographers, drug dealers, money launderers) only scratches the
seriously though, it's possible to imagine some things.
1. there could be some info on how the NSA foiled various horrible
james-bond like plots for governments to destroy the world
2. information on terrorists using cryptography, to create a kind
of link in the mind of the feebleminded
3. nuclear secrets. defense secrets. information on state-of-the-art
weapons systems that are subject to spying and espionage. creating
the impression that any private crypto would tend to totally destabilize
the "stability" of the world, upheld by the NSA of course
4. another classic NSA/secret society trick is to say, "you are a special person. we can't
tell everyone what we are going to tell you now, but you have reached
a position wherein you have earned this privilege. you are going to
become a warrior in the fight against world tyranny. few know about us. we are the few, the proud."
in short, I think the Briefing probably has a lot of psychological
theater going on to create an aura of reverence even if the info
is not all that substantial. things like talking about who else
knows the info, how private it is, what the huge stakes involved
are of defying the plan, etc.

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:40:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Cyber-Anarchy 
no, you want credit, otherwise you wouldn't care ("cyberanarchy"? how
far is that? in many ways it is more descriptive/accurate for what
is being connoted).  you get credit when people use "your" term, the
etymology you love to wax on occasionally here.
a pseudo-word that you invented. any pseudo-word is as good as any other.
I think you need to reevaluate your life when you get upset that people
don't use word you invented. for example the term "pseudospoofing"
has many applications to recent news but has never been properly used by journalists.  (hee, hee)

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:49:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Anti-Briefing... 
I'm surprised that there hasn't been more mention of a trend
in Britain toward installing video cameras all over the place.
saw a story on this on "hard copy". apparently they don't have
"invasion of privacy" laws there, and this couple who had been
filmed having sex in an elevator, and the footage sold on a video tape, didn 't  have any particular legal recourse.
if people want to study what social effect that widespread
surveillance has, and what its true cost is, I hope that they
look toward Britain to try to gauge some of the effects. apparently
the trend has been in motion there long enough that some serious
studies might be made.
the privacy debate reminds me of speed limits. there is one
side that says, "55 saves lives" and in their tiny brains
think that is the end of the argument. well, "50, 45, 40, 35, 30 ..." save lives too.  why did you pick 55?
the point is that there are other factors.
similarly, with police surveillance, small-brained police often
say, "video cameras prevent crimes" and think that is the end
of the argument. or, if you are in NSA, "restricting worldwide
crypto keeps the planet in order". etc. ad infinitum. pathetically
simplistic arguments that the general public does not always
see through. when the public does begin to see through them,
and expect answers that are more complicated than can be explained in 30 second sound bites, then I'd say we're making
a bit of progress toward rationality.

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:36:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: "Key Escrow without Escrow Agents" 
the splitting of the keys among different *private*
sites, in such a way that key requests must be revealed publicly,
is an interesting idea.
the way that individual sites evaluate revelation requests might usefully be compared to "juries" in our society. in the case of the grand jury, the government invites a set
of citizens to determine if an indictment is justified. their
consensus opinion determines the decision.
in the case of conviction, we have a similar system.
the idea of "jury nullification" has a direct analogy as well.
in the key escrow scheme MB proposes, if a lot of sites refuse to release
keys based on the circumstances of the case, that would be
very similar to jury nullification.
I can see that you might create a code of law that determines
what procedures that these "distributed key juries"  are supposed
to follow. but like our legal system, the interpretation and
application is ultimately left up to them.
an interesting system, that is commendable for trying to
find a compromise between two seemingly irreconcilable polarities
(privacy and surveillance) but I doubt anyone in law enforcement
(with the mindset, "I can't be stopped from doing my job as I
see fit or criminals will get away") would go for it in the current form.

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:51:05
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: holographic remailing & the scientologists 
it seems that anonymous remailing has split into two basic
areas, each with distinct requirements and demands and problems:
1. private mail, sent to another email address
2. posts to Usenet or other forums such as mailing lists.
now, interestingly, apparently most of the extremely heavy political backlash has come against (2), causing Hal Finney
for example to advocate or suggest that remailers not be designed for posting but be limited to emailing to individual
users somehow. (he didn't mention how mailing lists would be
handled, but one might screen out email addresses that
are "known mailing list addresses" or something like that)
regarding (2), with scientology, I was trying to imagine
how one could accomplish the same feature of distributing
information anonymously in a "public place", but without giving the scientologists
the ability to track a particular origination of the email,
even remailers.
Chaum's DC net idea is a useful approach. here I'd like to suggest another.
some time ago someone had the amusing idea of cutting up the
PGP binary code, UUencoded, and putting all the zillions of
pieces in peoples signatures. each person would send mail
to the signature server to pick up one of the 1/n pieces,
and they would put it in their messages.
frankly, I think this was a great idea that we could explore
some more. in a sense, it stores data "holographically" over
all kinds of different people's messages. imagine a system in which
the scientology documents are stored in people's signatures,
and someone writes software to go and recombine the documents
based on finding signatures "out there".
this could be applied to one newsgroup by having remailers post
only tiny pieces of the material, but with enough on the newsgroup
at any time to recombine them all with the software, but far
too many pieces for the scientologists to attack all the remailers
they are sent through. (people could post them through their regular
email addresses). furthermore anyone posting a piece has
a sort of minor plausible deniability. ("I just copied the
signature from so-and-so as a protest, I have no idea what it
refers to")
this all suggests to me the following idea. suppose that some
document has been created that someone wants censored. how could
net citizens protest this censorship? one scheme would be for
everyone to put a tiny piece of the document in their signatures.
if you get enough people to do this, it may actually be the case
that at any one time, just because of the randomness of all the
pieces available, the news server has enough messages
archived for a program to scan the message directories and reconstruct
the documents from all the pieces that are found. these "pieces"
could even be stored solely in the netnews header fields.
another idea involves the concept behind "spread spectrum". in
this system, little pieces of data are spit out in different
places, or channels, and the source and the reciever are scanning
the exact same channel at the same time based on exact synchronization.
I guess an analogy to usenet would be tiny pieces of data showing
up in seemingly random newsgroups, but which are followed or "caught"
exactly by the "reconstruction software".
some interesting ideas related to steganography that some people might like to play with.
for a model of the scientology problem, it appears that what we have is a set of email addresses (S) and
a public forum that essentially reaches some large subset of these
people (S2).  a person wishes to send out a secret document
to S2, but he can't do so by posting to the forum, because then
the censors "see" him and shut him down. but what he
*can* do is send lots of pieces to a group of people in S, and
each of these people individually posts their piece. (the censors have
no control over mail sent between individuals, only that posted
collectively). possibly, then, there is no single target of "who posted the material"
for the censors to clamp down on, and the information eventually
can be reconstructed by all S2.
key ways what I am proposing is different than some of the other
"cut up the anonymous messages and recombine" proposals out there: 1. the recombination is not done by a remailer. it is done by anyone
who can run software on the newsserver (i.e. reading the directories).
the scientologists or "censors" cannot tell who is doing this.
2. the messages are not completely comprised of the data to be sent.
the data could be stored in headers or the signatures of otherwise
"legitimate" messages.
note that the same scheme could be applied to web pages. you could
store a document "holographically" in which pieces are obtained
at all kinds of different URLs. it would be laughable for the censors to try to get court orders against individual pieces.
and furthermore, the entire document is not stored anywhere "out
there" in particular but recombined by anyone. the scientologists
don't know who.
note that I am giving the scientologists a lot more credit for
their enmity than they deserve. they have mostly lost their war
already in many ways, and they aren't a very serious threat
to cyberspace in general, imho. they have shown an amazingly
unabated aggression & zeal against remailer operators, however,
something that could possibly be derailed with a little

@_date: 1996-05-30 15:16:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: online law-- new book 
a quick word to the cpunks with legal interests.
a great new book called "Online Law: the SPA's Legal Guide
to Doing Business on the Internet" seems to me to be
a superlative compilation. edited by Thomas J Smedinghoff.
Addison-Wesley, 1996.
extremely up-to-date-- in one section cites various court
decisions from 1995 on the scientologists vs. netcom etc.
heavy on the citations/footnotes of existing law.
has very good coverage of encryption and digital signatures
etc. and talks about their legal status. also, good info
on copyrights, defamation, patents, online transactions, trade secrets, privacy, licensing 1st amendment, sexually explicit materials, email in the workplace, export control, trade practices, contracts, etc.
I expect this volume is going to be widely praised and
become a very definitive guide. it seems to me a quick
look in this book would go about 95% toward resolving
immediately a lot of the online debates I've read here
and elsewhere about "what the law says".  the price
is also very good for something of this type, typically
the law-related material is really expensive.
ordering: (800) 238 9682
see ISBN 0-201-48980-5
544 pages

@_date: 1996-06-05 13:40:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
here's an interesting message about a white house aide pressuring
HotWired to change their link pointing to a rant page about Clinton.
it reminds me of a recent court decision in which a school tried
to shut down a student's web page that he had done on his own
time and referred to his school and other teachers.
it used to be, "freedom of the presses only belongs to those who
own a press". actually this still is, except now it only costs
$20/mo to own a worldwide "cyberspace press" via web pages.
hence what we get are interesting new social situations reminiscent
of the tension that surrounded Martin Luther's posting of the 99
theses in the middle ages. you have people who had controlled
the situation suddenly put off balance by a new medium. the power of information dissemination is rather significant,
and the web is the most sophisticated information dissemination technology ever invented by man. I expect it to have very far-reaching
social ramifications. we have barely scratched the surface..
cpunks are very interested in things like anonymity to save
oneself from the government. another approach is to simply
crow-bar the government in any way you can, whenever possible,
to make it better serve your interests. web pages have this
intrinsic power-- they're like a subtle, invisible crow bar that can
influence the world via public opinion. could there be a day
when nobody sees a need to hide from a government, because it
is so uninvasive?
------- Forwarded Message
- - ->  SearchNet's   snetnews   Mailing List
- - ------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
The Skeleton Closet (at  provides a site for
those things presidential candidates would rather not discuss.  They
cover all candidates and include a link to our current Prez.  I've
included the link below.  Looks like this was quietly reversed, the offender sent on (to a nice
job), and nothing in the national media.
Clipper, V-chip, and now plain-old intimidation.  The WH is working
hard to control your info.
[Mr. Tall Skeleton2]   Bill Clinton's Skeleton Closet   [Mr. Tall
                           [Picture of Clinton]
News Flash: White House Suppresses Skeleton Closet
In a shocking blunder, the White House successfully put pressure on
Hotwired Magazine to stop linking President Clinton's name to this
very web page. This was all done behind the scenes -- we had no idea
until we read Brock Meek's Netizen column of April 30th.
The White House official involved, David Lytel, was in charge of
creating the popular Clinton White House web site. He recently left
the White House, and is working for a private web page consultant. At
a conference, he attacked Netizen for being cynical and unfair, citing
the Skeleton Closet link. Meeks, in response, noted that Hotwired had
removed the link after receiving official pressure from the White
House. In Hotwired's "Threads" discussion, another Hotwired employee
admitted that they had been "intimidated" by receiving email from the
"whitehouse.gov" domain early in Netizen's infancy, and said she
regretted that they caved in.
Lytel's argument -- that it was "dishonest" to link Clinton's name to
a page criticizing him -- is silly of course. Apparently, he thinks
the only "honest" link is one that goes to a person's own web page, no
matter how self- serving it is. More to the point, this is a terrible
precedent. As far as we know, it is the first attempt by any American
government to squelch part of the Internet for nakedly political
reasons. (The attack on adult material online, while obviously
political, has legitimate issues -- or at least a reasonable excuse --
behind it.) And doing it privately, behind closed doors, makes it even
If we were simply seeking publicity, we'd run to Republican
politicians (who desperately need an issue) and hope they try to use
it. But that would be hypocritical. It's exactly that kind of partisan
misuse of legitimate scandals that we are trying to make obsolete here
- - -- because it muddles legitimate issues (like White House censorship
of critics) in stupid, partisan manipulation. We're trying to contact
the White House directly, to get them to disavow Lytel's actions.
We'll let you know what happens.
Update: White House Backs Down, Sort Of.
We challenged the White House to confirm or deny that Lytel pressured
Hotwired, to disavow his actions if true, and commit to a policy of
avoiding this type of censorship.
Within two days, they replied as follows:
"Date: Fri, 03 May 1996 17:06:49 -0400 (EDT)
Posting-Date: Fri, 03 May 1996 17:09:00 -0400 (EDT)
It is our policy not to interfere with the content of other WEB
We'll take that as an admission that Lytel was out of line, and a
solid commitment to doing the right thing in the future. Of course,
they didn't live up to that policy before, and words are cheap.
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ---- And now, on with the Clinton's Skeleton Closet page.
What can we say about Bill and Hillary that hasn't been said before?
Clinton's scandals are covered in such loving detail by his enemies
that we are providing you with links to various Clinton scandal pages.
Eventually, we will boil it all down and sort out the really good dirt
from the crazy stuff, but there's JUST SO MUCH to wade through!
The frustrating thing about Clinton's scandals is that the press
focuses on two-bit scandals of little importance, such as Whitewater
and this ridiculous travel office "scandal", while ignoring much more
significant dirt, such as the Mena, Arkansas contra supply and drug
operation (see link below), Hillary's $100,000 commodity profit from a
$1,000 investment, and a new charge -- that a federally funded
educational operation in New York paid her $100,000, for who knows
And no one (save a few voices on the left) are protesting Clinton's
hugely successful fundraising and favors for people who have provided
it, including the Tyson Chicken empire. Running against Gramm, Dole
and Alexander, this isn't likely to be an issue, but it is a major
fault of the President.
Political Favors for Campaign Contributors
Though his administration floundered at first, Clinton has quickly
learned one aspect of Washington -- how to raise money from business
interests. He has set records in fund-raising, eclipsing even Dole's
huge haul (though not by much.) Of course, if Dole was President he
would no doubt regain the lead.
And some contributors seem to think their money is well spent. For
example, Clinton raised over a quarter million dollars from ADM, Bob
Dole's major benefactor, and pushed through a regulation benefiting
them mightily.
On the other hand, 2 Arkansas firms that formerly bankrolled Clinton
(and received help from his administration) have switched their
support to Dole -- both Tyson Chicken and Stephens investment brokers
apparently figure Dole gives a better return per contribution dollar,
or is more likely to win.
Money and Favors: Archer Daniels Midland
For example, he has received at least $270,000 from Archer Daniels
Midland corporation, the agricultural giant famous for spreading money
among various influential people, from Bob Dole to National Public
Radio. Just days after Clinton received a $100,000 check in June 1994,
his administration ordered that 30% of gasoline sold in American's 9
most polluted cities contain ethanol based additives by 1996 (as
opposed to cheaper methanol.)
Archer Daniels makes 60% of US ethanol for gas, and none of the
methanol. Bob Dole, who receives even more money from Archer Daniels
and its president, actually supported the Clinton Administration's
mandate, even while arguing against Clinton's health care proposal for
nearly identical federal mandates. (Courts have block Clinton's 30%
rule, saying he lacked power to favor ethanol over methanol.)
$100,000 for Hillary from an Educational Foundation
This allegation just came out January 10, so bear with us on it's
sketchiness. New York state's new Attorney General Dennis Vacco (a
Republican) is investigating a $100,000 in payments to Hillary or the
Rose Law Firm from the National Center on Education and the Economy, a
charity that was in Rochester New York and has since moved to
Washington, DC
Hillary was on their board, as were Mario Cuomo and Ira Magaziner, but
no other board members were paid. The justification is that Hillary
was paid to carry out some programs. When this story came out a month
ago, Vacco announced he was asking for contracts with Hillary or the
Rose Law Firm and a description of any work she actually did. Nothing
more has come of it, which -- in an election year - indicates that
nothing substantial has turned up.
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------
- - ---- Try these links, but use a grain of salt; some of the sources are
pretty marginal.
Disgraced Clinton Administration Officials
Yahoo's Whitewater Scandal Page
Mena, Arkansas: Contra & Drug Smuggling Center?
Nick Chase's Mena, Arkansas and Whitewater pages.
"I'm someone who has a deep emotional attachment to 'Starsky and
Hutch.' " -- Bill Clinton, 1996
"I don't think [Bill Clinton] is fooling around anymore. Nor do I
think he will. I read that Hillary threw a lamp at him. ... You know
something? I think she did." -- Ann Landers
"Primary Colors", by 'Anonymous', 1996
Wall Street Journal, in general, and in particular:
....January 12, 1996 pA14
....January 8, 1996 pA1
....December 18, 1995 pA16
....December 29, 1995 pA1
....March 23, 1995 p A1
....February 22, 1995 p A1
....January 13, 1995 p A12
"The Mena Coverup", Micah Morrison, Wall Street Journal, October 18,
1994 p A18
"The Real Cost of Ethanol" and "Dwayne's World", Dan Carney, Mother
Jones, January, 1995
"Aides Saw Political Threat In Clinton Loans From '90", Jeff Gerth,
New York Times, May 6, 1995 p7
"Ann Landers Repents For Slurring The Pope", Associated Press,
December 1, 1995
"Blocking the Box", Rick Marin, Newsweek, March 11, 1996
"NY Official Probes Payment to Mrs. Clinton", Associated Press,
January 12, 1996
BACK TO SKELETON CLOSET
Paid for by Real People For Real Change PAC and not authorized by any
candidate or candidate's committee.
Real People For Real Change is registered with the Federal Election
Commission as a non-affiliated, independent political action
Copyright 1996 Real People For Real Change PAC
  *******************************************************************
  *Edward F. Immler                      Lawrence Chemists          *
  *ed                        are Free Radicals          *
  *                                                                 *
  *Lawrence University '95                                          *
  *Interests: HAZMAT, EPA/OSHA Compliance, SARA III, Wastewater     *
  *DISCLAIMER: Opinions are mine...unless someone else agrees       *
  *******************************************************************
Anomalous Images and UFO Files
- - -> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
- - ->  Posted by: "Steve Wingate"

@_date: 1996-06-05 13:02:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: biometric id 
info on a biometric id utilizing crypto techniques.
------- Forwarded Message
[A Canadian company called Mytec is marketing a biometric encryption
system that, as far as anybody can tell, is an important step forward
for privacy protection.  It is based on fingerprint recognition, but
it does not produce a representation of the fingerprint or recover the
identity of the fingerprint's owner.  Instead, it uses an optically
transformed version of the fingerprint to decrypt a text string that
could be, for example, the private key for a public-key cryptographic system such as RSA.  Provided that one trusts the Mytec box, this
would be a way to overcome many of the pragmatic hassles that would
otherwise accompany the privacy-enhancing technologies that David Chaum
and others have described.  For example, they have built their device
into a computer mouse, so that the computer will only generate your
digital signature, or permit your mail to be read, if you are holding
the mouse (or, I suppose, if you have been holding it very recently).
In this message, the president of Mytec responds to some common concerns
about his company's technology that arose in response to a query that
I sent to the Computer Privacy Digest.  He provides the company's web
URL for those who wish to know more.]
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, send an empty message to  rre-help
Computer Privacy Digest Fri, 31 May 96              Volume 8 : Issue: 044
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Mr. Levine:
I have noticed a number of communications in your news group regarding
Biometric Encryption, especially some concerns about its use.  As one
of the developers of this technology, I would appreciate if the
attached response could be posted in the news group to provide people
with some answers and also to obtain feedback and discussion.
Kind regards.
George J. Tomko, Ph.D.
Several people commented on four concerns in using a finger pattern for
biometric encryption, namely:
1.      It's easy to get someone's fingerprints since they are left on
a vast number of everyday objects, such as drink cans and door handles;
2.      Muggers would start cutting off people's fingers when stealing
their cards;
3.      The crooks would forcibly hold down an individual's finger
against the biometric encryption authentication device to extract the
string coded by the individual's Bioscrypt; and
4.      If the finger used to code the Bioscrypt is damaged or
destroyed, then an individual will not have access to the files
associated with the Bioscrypt.
I will try to answer these concerns in order.  But, first, let me
define a Bioscrypt.  A Bioscrypt is a two-dimensional image of a string
or set of characters which can represent a PIN, encryption key or
pointer and which has been coded (encrypted) by the two-dimensional
information in a fingerprint pattern.  It has the following
- - -       it has no resemblance to the original fingerprint.
- - -       it cannot be reconverted to the original fingerprint.
- - -       if an optical image of the correct live fingerprint is transmitted
through the Bioscrypt, then the output light beam uniquely represents the
coded number.  By successfully decoding their Bioscrypt, the person also
confirms who they claim to be.
For purposes of the discussion below, it is important to note that the
optical authentication device is a coherent system and uses the phase
information in a finger pattern (complex domain) as a discriminating
1.      "Picking up latent prints from door handles, etc."
To perpetrate a masquerade using a latent fingerprint of a legitimate
user is very difficult for the following reasons:
* The system requires a three-dimensional reconstruction of the
legitimate user's fingerprint because the height of the various
fingerprint ridges can modify the two-dimensional complex optical image
which is the input to the authentication device.  There is little
information in a two-dimensional latent print about the depth and the
height of grooves and ridges of the actual fingerprint.
* The three-dimensional reconstruction of the legitimate user's
fingerprint from a latent print would also need to duplicate the
approximate oil and moisture content of the skin, since this is one of
the factors which affects (modulates) the two-dimensional image read by
the system.  Quantifying this information from a latent print is very
difficult.  Even if it were, the three-dimensional reconstruction would
have to be made from a synthetic material which had the same oil and
moisture properties as the legitimate user's skin.  To use an oil/water
based solution to place on the input scanning window would be useless
since this would frustrate all of the light bouncing off the window and
would convey little or no useful information to the optical system.
* The reconstructed fingerprint would also need to be made from a
material with approximately the same elastic properties as the
legitimate user's finger skin.  During enrollment, and subsequently on
authentication attempts, the user slides a finger over the input
scanning window.  This action warps the skin and the corresponding
fingerprint pattern based on the elastic properties of the skin.
Within the population, warping can vary significantly based on age,
dryness of skin, etc. and is thus another unique aspect of the
individual's finger pattern.
2.      "Severing the finger to obtain access."
As already mentioned in some of the previous communications in this
newsgroup, measuring the temperature, humidity, pulse rate and even
heart rate to verify a live finger can be accomplished.  One of the key
factors, though, is after the finger is severed the elastic properties
of the skin change rapidly and thereby would not warp in the same
manner as a live finger pattern.  This would make a cadaverous finger
useless after a period of time.  (Can't find subjects to do a double
blind study though).
3.      "Crooks would forcibly hold down the finger."
By forcibly sliding an individual's finger against the biometric
encryption authentication device (reading device), the string coded by
the Bioscrypt can be extracted.  The string coded by the individual's
finger pattern Bioscrypt could then be used for a one-time access for
whatever purposes the string was intended.  However, assuming that the
individual is freed, he can then use his finger pattern to code a
completely different string to prevent repetitive access.
The system is robust in that it is very easy to change PINs, encryption
keys or computer pointers.  It was suggested in some of the messages
that a pass phrase be used in conjunction but, again, if an individual
is holding your finger down forcibly, to extend that to pointing a gun
to your head to divulge the pass phrase is not an extreme assumption.
There is no perfect security system out there and I doubt one will ever
be designed since it has to work with real human beings.  I suggest
that the goal is to provide privacy-enhancing technology that handles
the majority of the infringement cases and that, for exceptional
circumstances where extreme privacy and security must be guaranteed, we
combine the biometrics (something you are) with the pass phrase
(something you know) and a token (something you have).  If the
combination of those three doesn't do it, then at this stage of
technological evolution, nothing will cut it.
4.      "Losing or damaging a finger with the result of not being able
to access the Bioscrypt and related files."
One of the properties of optical processing is that composite patterns
can be made and thereby used to make the Bioscrypt.  Accordingly, more
than one finger could be used or a finger and a proprietary pattern
(which one keeps hidden away somewhere).  Of course, there is a
penalty.  The more patterns one uses, the smaller the signal to noise
ratio of the system.  The system is currently designed to give signal
to noise ratios in the order of 10 to 12 dB and thereby significant
degradation can still occur which would allow comfortably two to three
patterns to be superimposed in the same Bioscrypt.
If you are interested, more information can be gained by accessing
Mytec's web page at - - --
George J Tomko
Mytec Technologies Inc.
Toronto, Ontario
- - ------------------------------
End of Computer Privacy Digest V8

@_date: 1996-06-05 16:29:13
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: PM's Java Envy 
PM returns to rant on Java after being mowed down by most people
her. why? I think he has some more ulterior problems with Java
than those that he cites. for Perry, ranting at java reveals
certain psychological characteristics of his profile.
so you agree, what they are trying to solve is the holy grail of
distributed computing, in some ways. but you start from a different
assumption-- that such a thing is a joke to even try. they are
forging ahead because they have started with the opposite assumption.
true, but as I have reiterated here, there is nothing preventing
someone from creating an IMPLEMENTATION of Java that has the
"defense in depth" that you are always ranting about. why don't you
INVENT it??? such a thing is possible. Java is mostly a theoretical
construct: a language. implementations are left up to different
licensees. how else would you  propose handling it? surely the
NSA would have plenty of suggestions for putting a lock and
chain around ideas. the rest of us in the real world would like to
get some computing done.
I continue to believe that everything you are asking for could be
integrated into somebody's ingenious invention of a Java interpreter.
something that implements all the features of Java in a secure way.
notice, Perry, that if there was such a thing as a secure OS, you
could just stick your Java browser in it and not care at all. you
have your "redundant systems protection" if you already have a good OS. what? there aren't good OSes? well, why are you blaming
someone who is writing a computer language because their aren't
fully secure OSes?
wouldn't Java running on a Kerberos system come close to the kind
of security and redundancy you are proposing? such systems will
probably evolve in the future. but why is a problem outside
of java considered a problem of java itself by you? speaking of "hubris", I think it is you that is the most "full of it".
you don't seem to understand some simple conceptions, which I have
stated before in response to your ranting but you have never really replied to in the past:
1. NOBODY IS ASKING PERRY METZGER TO USE JAVA. people who ARE using
it may have different needs and demands than you have. who are you
to criticize all the people who have made an independent decision,
"java is what we want"?
2.  java threatens CONTROL by individuals over what they allow to
run on their machines. it's the old "mainframe vs. PC" problem all
over again. surprise!! pc's won. WHY? because people wanted to
get work done without going through an all-powerful MIS priesthood.
but surprise, some companies still are implementing a priesthood
around their PCs. Java will help break through such kinds of monopolies.
you are free to reject it, but you are getting a glimmer of understanding
that Java threatens the idea of monopolistic, monolithic control
over computing resources. the sysadmin with his own narrow interests
may no longer be the only one who has say over how company computing
resources are used.
3. no one is claiming Java is perfect. it will take years before
a high level of trust is established. no one is implementing all kinds
of incredibly sensitive applications in Java, YET. it is an evolutionary
4. in evolutionary processes, you aren't trying to find nirvana or
utopia, or solve problems that no one has ever been able to solve.
you make an *incremental*step*. Java is precisely this very valuable
incremental step. I don't know why you continue to rant so endlessly
against it. NO ONE IS ASKING YOU TO USE IT. your comments are not very
valuable, either, considering that YOU ARE NOT USING IT. perhaps the
people who are USING IT are far more qualified to judge whether
it is fulfilling their needs, eh?
5. the world is very insecure right now in terms of computer security.
java is a step in the right direction. there are a bazillion places
it can be plugged into right now in which you get *better*security*
than what you had before by using it. now, I wouldn't recommend
placing it anywhere where you would have *less* security, but I trust designers of systems to have some sense about that. (yes,
there are a lot of bonehead designers in the world, but why do you
think it is a problem with Java exclusively? granted, the hype
machine is way out of control, and this can lead to improper uses
of the language, but there are still a lot of places where it
is useful).
6. if you could point to some EXAMPLES of people using Java that
shouldn't be, and ARE, then you will have a much better case.
but all you have at the moment is a nagging suspicion that all
kinds of people are using Java where it shouldn't be placed.
7. frankly I think you have "security envy" of pioneers who are
creating the next generation of cyberspace and didn't pay some
monstrous consulting fee to you in doing so. I think you would
have liked to have been behind Java, because it is the next
step in a field you feel you are an expert in, but instead it
appeared on the scene without you ever taking it seriously, and
you are increasingly pissed off that other people are taking
it seriously, and that your arguments, which at one point people
might have agreed with, are becoming less valid in the face of
reality as people begin to understand what java is for (and
not for!!).
8. criticizing something because it is not evolved is a bad
way to go. C started out as the most flimsy of languages. there
were serious bigtime problems with it. early compilers had ambiguities, etc. things get better. the way of the world is
evolution. the tools that *you* are using *now* could have
been criticized in their infancy as completely insufficient
for the jobs they were "aspiring" to. they *were*. things
like PCs were once the most disrespected "toys" on the planet.
and you criticize Java because it is "toylike"? beware, PM, because the toys of today become the tools of tomorrow.
"we"??? hee, hee. someone who is the first to slash someone with claw-marks for using that term here among the Nihilists uses it himself.
there was absolutely no system of security prior to java for what it
is attempting to implement. the world is not going to end when everyone
starts playing with java applets. I agree that there should be some
serious question about where companies allow browsers with Java (or
browsers for that matter) to be run. but you have this kind of
siege mentality, "we're being invaded!! POUR DOWN THE HOT OIL!!"
a killer java app hasn't yet been written, imho and other. so what? why are you whining about it? again, no one is forcing you to use java. the killer app lies around the corner. the PC didn't start out
with excel written for it, and only an illtempered, impatient
bonehead would demand such a thing.
hee, hee. sounds like you speak from experience. reminds me of that
saying, "good judgement comes from experience and experience comes
from bad judgement".

@_date: 1996-06-05 13:43:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Java 
maybe Java is about a generation gap in programming languages...??
you don't get it, as others have pointed out repeatedly. you conveniently
ignore Frantz' points about the well-known difficulties of porting C. there
is a big difference in what is conneted by the word "portable". if it take a zillion different makefile rules to create the "same"
program on different machines, is that "portable"? isn't that
defeating the purpose somewhat? c is "sort of" portable. it is
"in theory" portable. Java is portable "in theory and practice".
a little clue to you Perry, there are so many Java books because there
is such a huge market for them. I always thought you were an anarchocapitalist and in favor of "letting the market decide". in a
sense you are arguing with the market, it seems, in much the same
way a liberal might say, "why are all you greedy businessmen hyping
your railroads so much?!?!?"  however I fully grant you that Java has been
the most hyped computer language on the planet. (but then again, I
didn't hear you whining when Intel started their "intel inside" campaign). I think what you are seeing is that people are excited
by the possibilities. the public has grasped the message behind Java,
which at this point is more about potentialities. its like saying,
"who is the next marc andreesson?" the problem appears to be simply that you are annoyed that other people are
excited about java, and you seem not to like excitement. you don't
like hype. well, personally, I think the hype is pretty damn amusing.
the world couldn't have given the slightest damn about geek computer
programmers say 5 years ago, but after the internet and Netscape, Yahoo,
and Java it's suddenly incredibly trendy. I think its quite enjoyable.
I suppose if I was over 40 and worked in a conservative wall street firm,
I'd have a totally different view. maybe Java is all about a generation
gap in computing. hey!! the first language that the "older generation"
hates. sounds like a good reason to go after it, sort of like rock-n-roll
and Woodstock suddenly being aged and uncool.
actually, the quality is not all that great in all of them, I agree. I thought for example Van Der Linden's "Just Java" is a pretty weak one. it has paper airplane instructions in parts of it. but hey, maybe
again its a generation gap thing. I bet I would have really enjoyed
the book and thought it "way cool" in my teens. no, but you are the one ranting at it. why? it is not Java's obligation to make OSes more secure either!!! @
look at the complicated PGP makefiles. count how many MAN MONTHS of additional
testing and work is required merely to deal with the makefiles. count
how many BUGS are due to improper compilations. count how hard it
is to track this kind of thing. count how hard it is to test your
makefiles not given that you have all the zillion different environments
you are supporting immediately available for testing.
every language is about tradeoffs. if you continue to say that C
is better than Java for just about anything, then you clearly are
not saying anything very relevant based on most people's opinions.
why am I arguing with you on this? because while you are usually
a pretty sensible person, you are really way off
base on this one. the world requires a mix of conservatism and
imagination. you've got the conservatism down totally, but the
imagination part you are lacking, and hence your criticism of
java. PM, imagine yourself at the invention of the LAN, or the PC,
or the C language. what would you have said to the designers? "you are all boneheads!! what you are doing can't be done!! you
are wasting your time!!"  do you think perhaps that every useful
computing tool that can be invented has already been invented?
hee, hee.

@_date: 1996-06-06 15:38:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Java 
you caveat, as you write it, is very significant. what I wrote about
was that the burden of portability is placed on the PROGRAMMER for
C. the burden of portability is placed on the Java language implementers
for Java. a BIG difference. Java may be *riddled* with bugs at the moment.
but who is responsible for fixing them? every single programmer in existence who wants to port code? (that is what effectively happens
with C makefiles) or the language designers? i.e. Java Inc.?  you
can see the tremendous difference here. the level of portability
*demanded* by the language specification of Java is far higher than
C. whether this works out in practice will take years of fine tuning.
but look how old C is-- 20 years-- and has its portability gotten
better with time, or worse? give Java another few years and its going
to be so good that no one will be arguing with supporters.
 Further, there are little glitches in the language whose problem is this? his or Java implementors? not his. granted,
in practice he may have to design around it. but Java is in its infancy
and you can't demand mature characteristics. as I emphasized, it
is evolving. it is a step in the right direction. you can't ask Excel
to be written before the PC has been invented. similarly, Java will
not crystallize for some time yet. (however UI problems do seem to me
to be the source of the greatest amount of intrinsic compatibility
problems. I was not wholly impressed with the labor that seemed to
go into the Java UI at first-- it seemed like a little of an afterthought)
And this was a 5000 I agree that in practice Java is pretty weak at the moment. but consider
how much money Sun has made from it. do you realize they poured 5M
initial development costs into it? can you be sure they will recoup
that? they probably have, but they've been incredibly generous. I am
never ceased to be amazed at how much people rant at stuff that is
given away for free or amazingly low cost.
Java cannot solve every programming problem on the planet. it cannot
be a secure OS. it cannot give you a worldwide object standard. Java
has an event mechanism just as Apple does, and it supports object
oriented programming just as OLE is a standard associated with OO.
IMHO it did what it did well. if you want OLE go to microsoft, if
you want Apple Events program on the apple!!! if you want one language
in which you don't have to worry about every standard in the world,
try Java.

@_date: 1996-06-07 21:25:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Micropayments: myth? 
I believe that micropayments will revolutionize business
transactions, and that they are entirely feasible, and have
written on the subject on cpunks intermittently. NS starts
out with some opposite assumptions, which I don't really
think are entirely plausible.
dunno what you are talking about here. with micropayments, why would
you necessarily have statements? you're using an old billing model
on a new paradigm. please establish a *context*. it would be ridiculous
if people submitted "microbills" to companies that responded with
"micropayments". that's the wrong model.
here's how people are talking about micropayments. imagine that
you see a link with a little 5c sign next to it. that means when
you click on it, you are automatically debited 5c. your own browser
can handle keeping your own records. the transaction occurs when
you hit the button. the idea of a bill being submitted, that you seem to
be suggesting with your idea, doesn't make sense. another example:
downloading an FTP file.  the whole idea of billing is thrown away
in favor of immediate processing.
  On the other hand, a statement too complex to
again, this doesn't make sense at all to me. "statements, bills, summaries"-- these are all things you require for larger size
transactions. if after a day of net surfing I have spent $3.16,
and my browser kept a record of every case where I paid it out,
what's the problem? the browser does not pay unless I click somewhere.
nobody submits bills to my browser.  all actions are initiated by
"fundamental cognnitive bottleneck"?? not in my brain. perhaps you
should check your own equipment   One proposed solution to this has been "intelligent it doesn't make sense at all for one to give autonomous capability
to agents to spend money, at least until they have been refined.
I don't see where agents fit into this all in the beginning. you're
putting the cart before the horse. I've never seen micropayments
discussed in the context you are putting them in. (no wonder it
is causing you "cognitive dissonance"). the uses you cite may not
appear until long into the future. in the meantime the model I wrote
about above has no problems you cite that I can tell.
  By
you are tackling a different problem. "how can we get reliable agents
that can be trusted with buying decisions". this has nothing or little
to do with "the feasibility of micropayments". micropayments are not
necessarily tied to agents.
imagine a user who controls his own wallet. he knows when he is paying
from that wallet. you seem to have this idea that outsiders could
make queries to that wallet that would be hard for the consumer to
keep track of. this makes no sense to me. the wallet action will always
be tied with some other action. the user picks up the phone to dial
somewhere, and it says, "that will be .3c-- will you pay"? he says
yes. as I wrote, I don't imagine a billing system at all in terms of
micropayments. its the wrong model. in a billing system, the bill
and the action are not tied tightly together. person does [x] and
receives bill 3 days later or whatever. with micropayments, you
will have instantaneous transactions.
wow, I think I've solved it. you can nominate me for some award
now

@_date: 1996-06-08 10:38:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Micropayments: myth? 
I don't understand why this micropayment thing is being thought
so complicated.
I am making some simple assumptions that seem to not be obviously
apparent, apparently.
I don't think micropayments make sense in transactions in which
the buyer requires the ability to back out of a purchase. in
other words, if I download an FTP file, pay 2c, and then say,
"this isn't what I wanted", I don't think a refund is typically going
to be supported. it would be up to individual vendors, but I doubt
very many would allow it.
a service [x] knows how much they are going to charge for a file
or a http transfer. they tell the user, "you can have this for
[x] cost". the user *sends* them the money to get the data.
there is no concept of the company going into their wallet and
pulling out the cash. the buyer sends the token and initiates the
entire transaction. I am not saying this micropayment thing is
going to be the only way future transactions will work. of course
not. it's just one way that makes some assumptions.
what about services that don't deliver? I would imagine a cyberspatial
equivalent of the BBB will be just fine for that. an agency that
registers complaints. a company doing a micropayment bilk scheme
could only get away with a small amount of cash before they got
a bad reputation. the reputation could be checked by the browser
prior to paying, that kind of thing.
the example I gave of a phone service billing people for phone calls
was not a great example for micropayments, but it could be pulled
off. imagine that your phone has a little readout that tells you
how much you are being charged. you can cancel the call. you can
watch your little readout as it bills you money. you could set
limits, "do not pay more than 10c/minute". these limits are built
into your *local* wallet (browser, phone) etc.-- they are not
handled by the company that is charging you. hence you retain
full control.
  If you disallow that, how?  Will it cost the same amount if
MICROPAYMENTS. they are for small transactions. the standard billing
model will be used in other situations as it is today, although it
will be moved into a cyberspatial equivalent. micropayments are NOT
going to be the only way the future economy will work. I think some
people seem to have some misconceptions about this. it won't make
sense to use microcurrency everywhere. I don't know if micropayments
will ever be tied to each pack like you are proposing. at least
in the beginning, I would assume a structure like the internet is
today with a micropayment charges built on top of it like I suggested
with browsers or that kind of thing.
companies will probably charge for bandwidth if they are charging for
network services. you can't send a lot of data without using more

@_date: 1996-06-11 11:20:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: whitehouse queries files on political enemies 
what goes around comes around..
this reminds me of the old stories of Nixon and the various NSA
domestic programs mentioned by Bamford ("Puzzle Palace")

@_date: 1996-06-12 17:24:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Micropayments are Crap 
once again, I am confused why this micropayment thing is
considered so controversial and questionable to some. it
seems at the forefront of sensibility to me. clearly we
are struggling with different conceptions/preconceptions
of something that doesn't yet exist.
an interesting way to start off the essay, considering how much data
mining is starting to catch on and the positive, quantifiable
returns it is generating.
 I
can people "automagically" take money from your ATM card? nope. in the
same way, your microwallet will be secure. it will be even more secure,
because less money is involved.
there is no "convincing someone". people are using the idea of handing over money, of bills, etc-- all this makes no sense. it is
all handled at the transaction level. there is no subjectivity. the
vendor either received the cash or not. the cryptographic protocols
can ensure that the money is transferred. the data is not delivered
unless the payment is received. scam artists can be caught with
"better business bureau" type rating services.
the poster clearly suggested payment PER TIME as a limit.  a pretty
obvious concept, and easy to implement, don't you think? why does it
figure as one of your major objections?
it won't happen with micropayments either, because it will be *your*wallet*
that tells you when it is has an opportunity to pay. no one is dipping
into your wallet, metaphorically. the actions are always initiated by you.
somewhat. mainframes aren't totally the mark of the devil. don't you pay
your internet provider per hour? how many people do? isn't a Sun pretty
much equivalent/similar in processing power & capability to old mainframes?
you raise all kinds of objections that make no sense to me.
 I see plenty of ways in which this benefits the
the user is always free to go where a better vendor gives him what he
wants. because the user can now pay in tiny increments, he has enormous
increase freedom. he can move between different services far more readily.
no body is FORCING anyone to spend money.   Especially the power user.  I'm certainly not going to rent time
uh huh. what if over your lifetime it cost far less than you pay for
a shinkwrapped package? what if you only needed a quick compilation on
a system you don't normally use? I think you will begin to figure out
some advantages if you use your imagination to find them (instead of the
you have this concept of "automated billing" that simply doesn't fit. people
know how much they are being charged. the payment is UNDER THE COMPLETE
CONTROL OF THE PAYER, NOT THE BILLER. this simple misconception seems to
underly a lot of the micropayment objections I've been seeing.
 One
or, it may be that entire new industries spring up because the software
companies are better able to be compensated for their work from skittish
consumers. people may be more free about spending micropayments than buying shrinkwrapped software. psychologically I think micropayments
are far more appealing in some ways.
admittedly some things have to be in place: a high speed network, and
other infrastructure ideas. it isn't totally feasible today in cyberspace,
but large parts of it are and are already being implemented (chaum's
false, imho. imagine that I can buy only the shows I want to watch, and it comes
out to less than my $20 monthly cable bill. economically this is perfectly
sensible. people want to pay for what they watch. you seem to think that
micropayments means "everything costs more". a strange assumption. what if
I assume, "everything costs less" because billing costs, which other
posters have pointed out are so enormous, are vaporized?
it is true that some industries will change and meld into other forms
with this new revolutionary form of payment.  welcome to the concept of
 an economy in which anything that is stagnant tends to die.
   No matter how stupid you may
right. shows that are not watched are going to go extinct. why should
advertisers fund them? you think that advertisers have to be fooled
to pay money to a show?
 The
that's correct. why do you suggest it would be an infeasible apocalypse?
it might be an apocalypse of old concepts, but it isn't infeasible.
false, imho. again the consumer maintains complete control. in a sense
they have far greater control. if they don't like a company they
can go somewhere else after only spending a micropayment instead of
a macropayment. you may find that companies increase their level of
service and customer satisfaction. but there will probably bogus uses
that apparently you will gravitate towards, based on your seeming
preference for them.
imagine shareware authors getting cash for their programs based on their
actual use. imagine artists and writers bypassing corporate monoliths
and marketing their work to the public directly, bypassing the enormous
scrape-off that these self-perpetuating bureacracies snarf.
you seem to start from the assumption, "businesses are out to shaft the
little guy". well, that can be true whether you have micropayments
or not. I doubt micropayments would make it any worse. it won't solve
the problem (I agree there is a great greed in places) but it may actually
make it far more difficult for companies to shaft people, once you think
about it. remember, the consumer has total control. how can you get
shafted when you have total control?

@_date: 1996-06-13 14:05:14
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Micropayments are Crap 
it seems to me many of mr. Bugaj's complaints refer to the
deficiencies of a capitalist market, such as scams, greedy
companies, etc. he seems to think micropayments may exacerabate
this problem. in any case I agree there are problems with
capitalism, but I think micropayments may have the effect
of ameliorating some of the deficiencies. today we have payment systems that are "blocky" or have
"large granularity". many companies function as billing
services. in other words, they sell some product, and would
rather not get into the payment collection business, but the
economics of scale forces them to. the phone company is
forced to send out mail and have a zillion clerks to handle
the returned bills. the country is awash in checks and paperwork. I can easily make a good case that micropayments
may have a significant dent in this paradigm such that
companies can focus more on providing services than collecting
cash. the dividends would be obvious and enormous.
I'll skip most responses and focus on a few in particular..
again, you are making arbitrary assumptions. the figures you cite
are "straw men". OF COURSE micrompayments make no sense if you end
up spending more money. I totally agree with you there, who could
argue? all the micropayment proponents are starting from the
assumption that services you now pay for could be cheaper given
the micropayment model. you seem to think that micropayments mean,
"companies have more opportunity to shaft you". but equally perhaps,
it is more opportunity for the consumer to exercise control with
less at stake.
alright, your mainframe idea is way off for several reasons. first, the
mainframe is not dead, it has just been transformed into Sun and Unix
boxes all over the planet. so even if a system was "like a mainframe",
I wouldn't consider that the mark of the beast as you suggest. furthermore,
mainframes are about CENTRALIZATION. imagine a single computer like
Prodigy that was the bottleneck through which you got all your software
over the net. ok, that would be horrible. it would also be like the
mainframe concept you are criticizing.
but micropayments are not about centralization, they are about DISTRIBUTION. imagine a zillion software providers all over the planet.
each can meter you out software at a tiny fee per time. this is clearly not like a centralized mainframe situation at all, assuming you can get
similar software from a zillion different places.  it *is* similar
in that you are grabbing cpu cycles from outside your computer, but
this is arguable just a network. mainframes used networks too. does
that make networks evil? no, I don't think so!! surely you are in
favor of networks!!
that's the kind of savings people who promote micropayments are betting
on. again, I agree that if the consumer ends up paying more in some
way with micropayments, they're doomed to never get off the ground.
as I wrote, I don't believe micropayments are going to be the only
form of transaction in the future. surely nobody else is advocating this
I imagine that people will have a wide variety of ways to use the software
they want to use. every company that sells software has a lot of plans
right now. I'm sure that micropayments would only be one other way
for the consumer to pay for what he uses. they may become preferrable
in some cases where both the company and consumer agree they are benefitting. but companies that shaft their customers, which you seem
to be preoccupied with, imho ultimately go the way of the dodo bird.
notice that if you have a zillion mainframes all over the planet, each
one that can serve you, the idea of a mainframe is not all that bad.
what you are really opposing is *bottlenecks*, such as a zillion
people needing one mainframe. I agree the system
must be carefully designed to avoid them.
neither was the catholic church willing to give up their monopoly
on bible interpretation when the printing press was invented. my
comment is, "yeah, so what?" or perhaps "now you GET IT!! hee, hee"
it will happen, I agree. that's why reality can be so entertaining.
once certain people recognize what micropayments really imply, they
will be aghast like the scientologists are right now. really, I
predict that when you combine all the following:
1. micropayments
2. web technology
3. distributed computing
in a fully seamless and refined way, you are going to have an
entirely new economic system. it will come close to the realization
of Toffler's 3rd wave "information economy". I mean literally, our
economy will be tied in and tightly coupled with cyberspace. when
you put all this together it will make the current web revolution
look like bland corn flakes in comparison.
an oxymoron. by my definition, "ramming something down someone's throat"
implies the market is opposing it, or at least not openly encouraging it.
I'm all for not ramming anything down anyone's throat. I've been
advocating consumer choice. it won't catch on unless it really is better
than what we have now. it won't solve all problems, but it will
solve some.
your message contains a lot of FUD that is associated with any new
technology. once people play with it, they don't get so upset. there
was a lot of anxiety about the "information superhighway" for a long
time among people I knew. but then they discovered they could surf
the whole internet by just clicking a mouse. wheeeee!! if the
insanely neurotic "cathy" in the comic strips can handle the internet,
then *anyone* can.

@_date: 1996-06-14 13:54:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: microcurrency implementation 
an interesting system that lets people bill for web pages
using telephone 800 number technology.
------- Forwarded Message
Via-Web Access now perfected!
Instantly bill people over the web through long distance numbers.
If you would like to try Via-Web Access, please call...
The Via-Web Access home page can be found at:

@_date: 1996-06-15 13:31:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: marketing "privacy": a nonproblem? 
HF wrote a recent message about the "doubleclick" advertising
service. I don't know much about it but some things he mentioned
sparked my neurons. regarding privacy, it seems that there are a lot of different
views and specious arguments. we don't really have a clear idea
in our culture what privacy is or when it is really being invaded. is it being invaded when marketers create databases
of users and their preferences? this is a frequent topic of
conversation here. if we are on the side that says "yes", it
seems there is such an enormous industry pushing very hard
from the other side that a so-called "pro-privacy" position is
untenable. are marketers creating the equivalent of what TCM
calls "dossiers"?
I just had a brainstorm that perhaps the problem of marketing
clashing with privacy is completely nonexistent. what marketers
really want is to TARGET PEOPLE'S ATTENTION. they don't necessarily
want to know who those people are!! a rather paradoxical situation,
but the two are NOT the same. imagine that a marketer selling Widgets could send a direct mailing to people who have an interest in Widgets. now, currently what has
to happen is that marketers have to collect info on various people
and their interests, and then sort that for "widget interest" to
get their mailing list. but the overall database is in a sense
a dossier.
but what we should note is that the marketer DOESN'T CARE at all
about the real identity of the people he is mailing to. in fact
it is totally superfluous. he only wants to send his literature
to people who are interested in widgets, and he doesn't care who
they are or their other interests. in fact, marketers keep track
of "other interests" only insofar as they can be used to correlate
with what they are actually trying to screen for.
so what I am getting at is that I think "dossiers" tend to associate
a lot of information about a real person, in a way that people
can get info on that person given their name or whatever. the point
is that marketers don't really care who is who, and don't really
want to necessarily have a database that gives the real identity
of people. they only need a way of delivering their literature
to people with particular interests.
let me give an example to clarify this. suppose a database existed
somewhere that contained a total profile of me and all my interests.
but I am not called "V.Z.Nuri" in the database, but  furthermore,
there is an "address" in that database, and it can be used to reach
me, but it is unique to that database and can't be found in any other,
and furthermore, no one can correlate that address with my real voila-- the marketer doesn't really want anything more than this. yet in a sense my privacy is completely protected. suppose that
police agent tries to query the database to get info on me. if it
really is secure, all he has is info that can never be tied to me. such a system creates a very important use for anonymous remailers.
of course digital cash plays a big role in this too.
in the same vein, it is possible for me to "buy" something from a company without them knowing that it was in result to them
sending information to so-and-so identity  actually, it could
be set up that I tell them, "I am responding to your direct mail
ad campaign  so they can gauge the efficacy of their advertising,
but they don't know who of their database was involved. when I think of "dossiers" I think of info that can be tied to
REAL PEOPLE. but it is quite possible to create an "interest distribution system" that would keep marketers happy but still
not be able to be tied to people's real identities. when one thinks
of the horrors of classic privacy abuse, one thinks of the way
the Nazi's grabbed (Dutch?) records to find jews, or the way the
NSA kept files on people and responded to Nixon queries for
radicals. but it seems to me it would be possible to create a system
in which people's interests are tracked, yet their real identities
are dissociated from that information. furthermore, you can dissociate
the mechanism to do so-- anonymous remailers have no connection to
companies that deliver info through them.
notice that much of the above can be achieved in cyberspace with
the use of a pseudonym. if you are signed up through a provider
that protects your identity (most of them do), then you can do
whatever you want in cyberspace and theoretically nothing can
be tied to your new identity. furthermore, if you think you have
accumulated too much "baggage" associated with your current identity,
you can always start afresh.
this will sound quite heretic, but I think marketing is actually a
very legitimate business and that cpunks might actually achieve some
of their goals by considering how to create a better marketing system.
in essence, marketing is the attempt to match up people with information
and products that interest them. in a way, this is a very similar
problem to trying to match up people to mailing lists and newsgroups
and articles/files that interest them. spamming is the cyberspatial
equivalent of a problem that existed before cyberspace: junk mail,
so to speak. is there an efficient system whereby suppliers and consumers can be matched up, but at the same time preserving privacy? it seems to me a key question of information technology, perhaps
a "killer app" in this area is just now waiting to be born.
that's all that marketers want, and in fact instead
of seeing them as agents of satan, we should just see them as trying
to fulfill customer desires with their own products-- the essence
of capitalism. the fact that marketers in our culture are so aggressive
speaks of how effective capitalism is.
people see junk mail as "junk", but notice that the junk is in
the eye of the beholder. what if you got on a direct mailing list
that sent you info on products you were considering buying anyway?
in a sense, "junk mail" is mail that we don't care about, not merely mail from marketers. we get mail from marketers all the
time that we appreciate!! if someone can create a more foolproof
system that preserves privacy at the same time, all worlds are
satisfied. you have the marketer happy, the consumer happy, and
the privacy protection too.
as long as one tries to defy marketers basic drive of trying to
target people with particular interests, I think this is fighting
the wind or trying to stop the river. but if one could find a way of supporting their basic motivation, the scenario becomes totally transformed.  building a marketing mechanism that preserves
privacy may do far more for privacy protection in the future
than a zillion remailers. I think the key is to analyze why people
*want* to do things that seem to violate privacy (such as marketers),
and then finding new ways of doing the same thing while preserving privacy,
rather than trying to defy their basic drives (such as collecting
information on potential customers etc.).
imagine a massive cyberspace system that was actually a database
of everyone who wanted to register, containing their interests.
it would be an accepted practice that all marketers could use
this system. people would register if the system was actually
effective in only sending them info that they really wanted to
see. it would be like an index into the population the
way Yahoo is currently an index into cyberspace. one could create
guidelines and measures by which spamming could be minimized.
the database might be able to minimize the effect of bad marketers
and indiscriminate mailings etc.  it seems like a very interesting
problem worthy of attention.  the returns for someone who could
pull off such a thing would be tremendous. I continue to believe that many problems that people are insoluable or in eternal conflict, such as marketers and privacy, could be harmonized with some sharp ingenuity.

@_date: 1996-06-16 17:25:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: marketing "privacy": a nonproblem? 
by coincidence I'm logged in at the moment so will reply to
WRW immeidately;
right. a marketing database. I agree. but realize that you can
still do the above without tying the information to *real*people*. the
system is ultimately only for *contacting*people*. you can do this
pseudonymously. the information about people can be dissociated
from their real identity. in all systems prior to cyberspace, one
tied information to real identities and a 3d physical location
called an "address"-- but in cyberspace you have a new kind of
hence, is it possible to fulfill the demands of marketing while
preserving privacy? the point of my essay was to suggest that
perhaps marketing databases are not intrinsically privacy-hostile.
I have no problem with some company creating the marketing database.
just as long as there is some way of dissociating the knowledge
from real identities. in a good system, one does not rely on the
company to do so: they are forced to do so. if one could create
an entire system of money transactions that let them have their
info but at the same time never tied the info to real people, you'd
have privacy.  a crude method that exists today is to only use
pseudonyms when buying merchandise. another method would be to
have companies that do nothing but keep identities secret and
tie numbers with real things-- intermediate agents for purchasing
materials for us that protect our identity in all transactions.
I believe a system that still lets the marketers have their databases
while preserving privacy .. that was the key idea behind the post.
still, they don't need a *real*identity* to do this. privacy==real identity
in my mind. they can still contact "entities" based on their numbers
or pseudonyms without knowing who they are talking to.
the net changes everything in a big way based on the easy access
to forms of identity camouflage such as anonymity and pseudonymity.
you don't seem to "get" some of the key ideas in the essay, in
particular the essential necessity of *real*identity* for there
to be a compromise of privacy. my point
is that it might be possible for marketers to create "dossier like system"
that actually preserve privacy-- because the dossier alone is not
enough info to tie the information with a real person. suppose
that someone had intimate knowledge about every detail about
person  that is *me*. but they have no way of tying their
information to my real address, my real identity, *unless* I decide
they can do so. (notice I can transact with companies without them
knowing who I am or where I live. that's exactly what I'm talking

@_date: 1996-06-18 11:43:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Micropayments are Crap 
Mr. Bugaj makes some very good points about micropayments
being a current capitalist fad etc, and I think his idea
that venture capitalists do not necessarily exactly represent
the interests of the population is interesting.
his general message seems to be "lets look before we leap".
I tend to agree that abuses of micropayments will be possible
and one of the difficult hurdles for the system to overcome.
I don't know how pathological or difficult they will be. intuitively it seems like they will be less severe than
existing problems that have largely already been solved
by bank technologies. however it is quite possible (perhaps
even probable) that entirely new problems are going to
arise with the introduction of micropaymens.
so I wonder if people have ideas on some of the key problems
that might arise with micropayments. it would be very useful
to try to "head them off at the pass" and imagine what the
implications of micropayments are going to be.
here are two main problems I see right off the bat:
1. taxation. I suspect once the digital economy begins to get off the ground, the government is going to want to tax
it, and in a way that is enforced technologically. I wouldn't
be surprised if there are future proposals for "clipper like"
technology that integrates taxation mechanisms right into
the billing networks, mandatorily-- i.e. it is not up to the
person to report it; they simply can't escape the reporting.  furthermore when people
begin to realize that "anyone" can effectively "create" cash,
I expect to witness a lot of legislative panic ala today's
pornography or whatever. (digital pornography is going to be extremely
trivial in social implications compared to the ramifications of
digital cash).
the taxation problem is a part of a much larger problem: that
of good government. could it be that microcurrency will affect
our government? I think so. cyberspace has already begun to
have discernable and palpable effects on government. and it
is only beginning.  so what I would like to say is that if we
solved the problem of having a good government, issues like
taxation would take care of themselves.
2. copyrights. the issue of copyrights is not even resolved today.
when serious cash starts to be associated with cyberspace you
are going to see a lot of incredibly agitated people, especially
lawyers. I imagine systems will evolve that are similar to a technology that has evolved by which radio stations pay music
companies whenever they play artists songs. (if any cpunks could
elaborate on this system, I think it is an excellent preliminary
example of how a microcurrency-like system would interact with
a copyright situation).  I think similar standards are going to
be developed by which web page designers build up their pages,
and a distribution mechanism of charges will be intrinsic. the author will get their desired "cut" of every transaction,
the site editor will get some kind of cut, etc.   this really revolutionizes the idea of a magazine or editor. suddenly anyone on the net can become an editor or writer,
and become as financially successful as the market will support.
the "scrape off" due to enormous bureacracies (media conglomerates)
is going to vanish and be funneled into a renaissance of artistry
I suspect.

@_date: 1996-06-19 12:26:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: example: microcurrency & music 
Mr. Deranged Mutant nicely expands on the royalty system for
musicians via radio I was alluding to. I'm glad a person with
firsthand knowledge of this can speak on it, because I think
in the future, people may look back on the radio royalty
system as one of the first examples of a microcurrency-like
system supporting intellectual property without a lot of
laws or roving cyber policemen protecting copyrights.
it seems to me many believe that you can only make money
on intellectual property if copyright laws are strengthened
and enforced with an iron fist. I tend to suspect however
that people are generally willing to support intellectual
property. what is definitely true is that you are going
to have scofflaws and pirates that try to cheat the system--
but you will have those even with laws. as long as there
is enough revenue to support some industry, I don't think
one can really make a good case for creating draconian
restrictions such as the whitehouse or some other congressional
committees/ studies are currently proposing for copyright law.
ok, so the form that it takes involves a lot of paper work for you.
I was under the impression that commercial stations had it all automated, is this not correct? so what effectively happens is that
they play whatever they want, and the billing system will take
care of the correct allocations. it seems to me a playlist ought
to be computerized anyway, eh? are you suggesting your radio station
is doing it all by hand?  wouldn't this generally be the exception?
what you are seeing is record companies tailoring the price of their
"product" to different markets. now imagine that all of the above could
be replaced by a system whereby individual artists release their
recordings digitally and totally bypass the media industry bureacracy.
it's enough to give a gluttonous mogul massive nightmares . I believe
such a thing will be happening in the near future. imagine radio stations that run over web pages-- I mean, literally, anyone could create their own playlists, programming, and radio stations in the
exact way that people select arbitrary material to put on their
web pages today. imagine software written to pick
different music. imagine a microcurrency system that pays the songwriters & musicians automatically when songs are played anywhere
in cyberspace. these are the kinds of ideas that microcurrency makes
possible to anyone with a smidgeon of imagination.
theoretically the lists record exactly what radio stations play.
an automated system is possible in which there is no fudge factor
due to reporting discrepancies. furthermore keep in mind that even
if these low-played artists got on the lists, they may not
make enough money to make it worth putting them there. remember
the playlists are used to measure the number of times songs are
played and pay out accordingly, isn't that correct?
sorry, again I feel that privacy is a term that is often misused
as I have been pointing out in another thread. how is it a violation
of privacy if a system keeps track of exactly how often songs are played,
for the purposes of compensation? what you are alluding to is the
fudge factor that is involved in reporting. sorry, I think you are
abusing the term "privacy" if you are using it to apply to situations involving minor duplicities such as false reporting. however
this would be a classic cpunk dogma, such as in conflating the idea
of tax evasion or identity subterfuges with "privacy"..
 Parallel with but this is not analogous at all.  imagine that the system knows
how often a song is played, but doesn't keep track of who played
it. such a system is straightforward to implement in cyberspace.
another example of how I have been suggesting that information
collection (related to billinj) and privacy are not always in conflict.
and frankly I'm annoyed at how easily people are mixing up these
clearly distinct ideas.
 apparently every station got much lower oh, so a theoretically more accurate system gave different results, so therefore the more accurate system is BAD? classic "status quo" logic.
the market ultimately will not support this argument more than a temporary amount of time. a given company with a monopoly on ratings
collection can only enforce their ideas as long as they have a monopoly. if someone else comes out with a better rating system
that gives different results, the market will still tend to gravitate toward it. not necessarily immediately.
are you saying there is now a tax on blank cassettes? I wasn't aware
of that.
I know, big media conglomerates are always ranting at congress etc.
the DAT tape stuff is a good example. I suspect the media dinosaurs don't have the slightest whiff of a clue about what
the future is going to entail. as J.G. once said of the media
merger mongering, "rearranging the deck chairs on the titanic".
its funny how much big bureacracies begin to look like the government,
no matter what side of the coin, public or private. the incident
you refer to reminds me of the ingenuity that government bureacrats
look for ways to tax novel changes in the economy.
in their current form of massive scrape-off for promoting
the bureacracy (listen to Pink Floyd's song on the subject, "which one of you is pink?") media conglomerates are doomed to extinction in the very near future-- the day that microcurrency becomes feasible.
it will tend to become a sellers' market, where the sellers are
artists. of course none of this is even remotely conceivable
by today's standards. that's why it's entirely correct.

@_date: 1996-06-21 10:07:14
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Micropayments: myth? 
more dazed and confused responses on microcurrency... why are people
making this so complicated???
the *vendor* *does*not* control the "gas gauge". the gauge is presented
by your LOCAL SOFTWARE. (for those late into this, the gas gauge analogy
is used as a visual metaphor for the way a browser would keep track
of microcharges).  it would make *no*sense* for each provider to
create their own gauge. they might create one for their own site
of your transactions, but you absolutely must have a tracking mechanism
that is built into your own software and NOT under the control of the
outside agency. don't people get this? with microcurrency, you don't say to a seller, "bill me for this item". it would rarely work like that at
all. instead, it is, "here is my money, please give me the item". the money exchange is always part of the complete transaction. billing is an archaic concept in this paradigm that is superfluous.
you only need it when you can't have instantaneous transactions.
the gas gauge analogy seemed transparently obvious to me. you are proving a rule I've noted in cyberspace, that if anything
can be misunderstood, it will be.  you are confusing yourself. the analogy would be more like the
following: you can drive on different roads, and some take more
gas than others. but the roads cannot themselves suck gas
out of your tank or change your gas meter.
NO, NO, NO!!!! your local software controls your gas gauge. NOBODY
ELSE. furthermore, the site *never* grabs money from you. this is
a *billing* paradigm. you either send money, or no money can
be transferred. the site can *request* money but such a system
would only be automatic if the charge fell within the minimal limits
set by the user (i.e. max $1.00 per hour, max 5c per transaction,
max 10 transactions per minute, or whatever--  all this is trivial to implement)
analogies are meant to help people understand something simple. if the
thing itself is simple, and people can't even understand it in
the simple state, often the analogy will confuse them even further.
I wish people would stop talking about BILLING in regard to microcurrency.
I believe it is mostly a flawed concept that is not largely going to
apply to microcurrency. perhaps some other term is appropriate, any
takers? it seems to me a lot of the misconceptions I've been seeing
are based on the idea that BILLING would somehow be involved. billing is involved in cash systems in which you dissociate the
transfer of material from the transaction. this will generally
not happen with microcurrency imho, and it is largely only useful
with transactions that allow coupling of the material and the money
in one swipe, such as for a http file download or whatever.

@_date: 1996-06-21 13:54:05
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Micropayments: myth? 
a brief epistle as to the point as I can make it:
there are two money models that people are continuously conflating here:
1. I send money to someone who is selling something. they send me
that something. by definition, no billing was involved here.
2. I send a request to someone who is selling something. they send
me the something, along with a bill, which I have to pay, or possibly
decide not to. (the thing may arrive before or after the bill, wehther I pay, etc)
(2) is a whole class of systems in existence today, such as your cable
bill, your phone bill, etc.  much of these systems *might* be better implemented as (1) if/when (1) becomes available. (example,
your tv is charged micromoney, etc). but not *all* of them will be. (example: maybe phone companies prefer to accumulate chages and bill
at end of month. also, major "float" issues are often involved
here, although in that case not in their favor. "float" theoretically
evaporates with microcurrency)
regarding (2), it would be *possible* to have a billing system
that involved microcharges, but frankly I don't think this will
be very feasible or a wide use of the system. (1) and microcurrency
go together. (2) and microcurrency do not. is this fairly apparent
or should I give more examples?
lets say I consider hitting a web page that has a "rate" of 2c. I would not
call that a "bill". I haven't hit the page yet or requested a service.
but when I hit the page, the page says, "send me 2c". I would not call that a bill so much either in the classic sense-- it would be
like saying a cashier bills you when you hand them cash. well, yes,
in a strange way I guess but not really.
note that (1) presupposes that you actually have a cash type system.
systems such as credit cards whereby the payment is not necessarily
ensured, stuff like defaulting or rejecting a purchase etc. don't
fit in too well with microcurrency, in which we are talking about cash.

@_date: 1996-06-23 09:52:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: info assembly line, "flits" (long) 
these are a few ideas I've been working on intermittently for
some time on the possibility of an "information assembly line"
of the future.
Alvin Toffler was one of the first futurists to predict the
"third wave" or information economy. we are very steadily moving
our way into this new shift, with numerous signs attesting to
it, and reactionary forces ("Buchananism", see recent Wired)
arising as well.
however, we are only at the tip of the iceberg. even state-of-the-art
information economies like Silicon Valley I would not consider full
implementations of the idea. what would it really mean to have
an entire economy that is related to information? (caveat: I certainly am not saying that we will no longer have physical goods,
this is a misunderstanding of Toffler's thesis, and anyone who wants
more info on this point should consult his writing).
Moore's law comes to my mind, the trend that computer capability has
been doubling approximately every 18 months ever since chips were
first invented. what could this power have on a future information economy (henceforth abbreviated IE)? I tend to think that the future IE will make the current world wide web look like child's play, although it
will be built on top of it. we are far from implementing the full
capabilities of information technology in our economy.
first, I think the use of microcurrency is going to play a very
major role in the future IE. it will allow people to easily own
mini-businesses in much the same way the web has allowed everyone to
own printing presses. I've written elsewhere on cybercurrency, but
I also tend to think it will have the effect of creating new
monetary standards. whereas in our current economy, wealth is
typically tied to major world economies, particularly the US
through dollars, I've said how I think stocks will come to be
thought of as a kind of currency, and that any company that sells
stock is essentially circulating its own currency. I think the
short term effect of cybercurrency is going to be a grafting on
top of existing government cash schemes, but that much to their
chagrin they are going to eventually realize it tends to make
their own regulatory and supervisory role obsolete-- or at least
displace it.
now imagine taking the cybercurrency concept and applying it
to an information economy. what you will tend to see is that cash transfers will increasingly be automated. cash will be
like the blood flow of society. you will see companies automating
their payment processes so all the man-labor associated with
handling the paperwork will tend to evaporate. you will of
course still have verification systems that prevent payment
when payment is unjustified, but the massive frameworks and
bureacracies inside companies today that are used to deal with cash flows will tend to be automated and diminished in size.
the idea that strikes me most about an information economy
is that you're going to see systems that are similar to the
concept of the assembly line for the industrial economy. I believe we will literally see information assembly lines
in the future. what kind of form would they take?
we already have "information assembly lines" in companies today
but they are abstract concepts of flow of work that are
not fully automated. parts of the assembly line involve people
moving around documents, sending letters, having conversations,
etc.  I tend to think that much of this will be increasingly
encoded in cyberspace. a company will see its role as an
information processing component. let's say this sample company gets a work order. the primary means of transfer will be through cyberspace. today cyberspace
is seen as an adjunct to paperwork-- the paperwork is primary,
but you can put the paperwork in cyberspace file cabinets, send it via cyberspace, etc.  I believe this will exactly flip
in the future, so that the paperwork is seen as an adjunct to
cyberspace. the documents will be freely transportable in cyberspace, and one can always track their location, just like
one can always see where some object is on an assembly line.
the work order will be thought of as primarily a document existing in cyberspace, with it taking various forms in
different places on the assembly line based on actions of the
information workers, who process it and tie it with other
documents, etc.
what does today's cyberspace lack to pull off this vision? after
a bit of thought I think one word to describe it might be
"continuity" or "persistence". there are so many obstacles in cyberspace to
transporting documents. it requires too much manual effort
on the part of each person to translate documents into particular
formats, send them via email, etc.  what we need is the cyberspatial
equivalent of continuity: people anywhere can look at the same
object and see the same thing, and that thing can be moved around
in cyberspace without ever losing its identity.
the problem is that today the concept of a "document" in "cyberspace"
is merely a concept. I can't point to some "place" in cyberspace
when I want someone to grab a document from me. I can't say, "here
it is". I have to go through an artificial series of steps to
encode the document, such as emailing it, ftping it, uuencoding it, or whatever.
what I am getting at is that we need a kind of virtual reality to
pull off the information assembly line to its utmost potential. I
believe we literally need to create a visual metaphor for the information assembly line that transcends the concepts of email,
different computers, etc.  I should be able to "pick up" and "move"
a document in cyberspace as easily as I move a piece of paper in
the real world. the whole system of different servers, different
software packages, different protocols, all this should be *invisible*  to me in the same way it is invisible on the current
imagine that one actually created a total virtual reality information assembly line. what kind of form would it take? you
would see different things that can be done to documents
as "tools" that can be applied to them. you would see their
locations as simple visual metaphors that ignore the concepts
that segregate information. for example, you might see a single
file cabinet that represents every record in an entire company,
regardless of its location anywhere in that company. tough to
pull off? of course, but this is what we are headed towards, in
my opinion.
I've written multiple times about Negroponte's ingenious concept
of "bits vs. atoms". in the above spirit, I think we need a slight additional paradigm
shift on the concept of bits, something I call a "flit". the concept of a bit is too abstract for me. for a virtual reality
and an assembly line, I would prefer to say that information has
two additional components other than a binary true/false value:
a *location*, and a *time* that it is at a location. in this way
information better matches our reality that we deal with every
day. I would say the "flit" concept is a pivotal missing link
in creating an information assembly line.
I would say that an information assembly line document is
actually composed of "flits" instead of bits. each "flit" can
have a different location at different times in cyberspace.
it is a sort of "fleeting bit", a bit that can move around to
different places.
this requires a somewhat radical shift in current technological
thinking. currently we see data as stationary stuff that sits
in some place, and people come along and run programs that
churn up the bits and spit out new bits. but the new bits are
not nicely tied to the old bits except through our own memories.
instead I would say that the key concept of information is to
say that it has a content and a state at some time. a document
composed of a bunch of "flits" can be broken up into its component "flits", and the "flits" can be sent in different
directions and recombined into different documents. but because
they are "flits", I can *trace* their destinations over time.
what does this mean? it is the concept of debugging applied to
information technology. imagine that I once had a document, and
I want to know what happened to it. because it is made of "flits", I could say, "where did the flits that comprise this
document go?" I would get an answer about their entire history--
what programs the moved through, how they were recombined, where they now reside. I could trace backwards too. "where did
this flit come from?" -- the system would trace the origination
of the flits.
what the flit concept does is introduce a *context* to a bit.
a bit has no "context".  where did a bit come from? the situation
with information is that it always has a *context* and is tied
with other information. (so in addition, I might like to suggest
that "flits" can be "tied together" with each other).
when today's software spits out some document, there is nothing
necessarily tying that document with the original input except
the memory of the humans. I would suggest that the information
assembly lines of the future will replace this concept. nothing
will be left to the imagination. things that are part of people's
memory today will be made explicit in the systems of tomorrow.
the abstract concepts we have of systems being "tied" together
will look very embryonic and impoverished compared to these
new techniques.
"flits" would have an identity irrespective of companies. one
could track them moving through different companies if necessary.
(the "flits" might therefore also have security aspects associated with
them.)  the point is that the data must not be disconnected, it
must be seen as continuous, and I think a flit-like concept is key
to accomplishing this.
notice today how much our systems diverge from the flit concept.
we are always losing bits, and not tying them together. whenever
a system goes down, all those bits evaporate. this would not
be acceptable in a flit universe-- it would be like an object
suddenly blinking out of existence. obviously we don't consider that
an acceptable behavior of objects in our current reality, why
should we allow it in cyberspace? cyberspace has a long ways to
go. today's cyberspace is barely sufficient for what is required.
in a flit universe, I would like to see flits "pile up" in a
queue when a machine breaks, like what happens in a real assembly line. the assembly line metaphor is really crucial
here. imagine that on some assembly line, all your objects
suddenly disappear when a machine anywhere on the assembly
line breaks. you have to then run other machines to "bring
back" the flits. a ridiculous concept. instead, I'd like to
see flits pile up when some machine goes down on the assembly
line. once you get the machine running, it automatically starts
back going through the flits.
a lot of this implies "transaction tracking" by conventional
standards. I would suggest that "transaction tracking" and
integrity assurance are only the barest rudiments of what is
required to pull off an information assembly line. the belief that these are now considered incredibly cutting-edge
and state-of-the-art technologies
is a good indication of how far we have to go.
I mentioned Moore's law above because I think it takes care of
all objections that "so and so that you are proposing would take
too much time". imagine that we have virtually unlimited computational capabilities-- what could we then do with this
kind of power? tracking "flits" would be an excellent use
for all this power, imho.
in future essays I may explore further the properties of flits
and give more examples.

@_date: 1996-06-24 13:18:46
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: info assembly line, "flits" (long) 
well, already I'm forced to elaborate on flits when I was
going to do that in another essay. oh well.
after more thought, I don't think a flit would only be 0 or 1. the flit would have different granularity based on what the system
can afford. we might start out by saying that every document
is one "flit", i.e. that is the basic unit. then when we get
a more powerful computer, the form is broken up into multiple
"flits". finally, when God finally designs the ultimate computer
, we would then let every bit in the universe be considered
a flit that has a location in cyberspace at some time.
not sure about what you mean by "counting" flits.  the concept
of a flit would be very roughly analogous to something like
what email is today, except that the email would never be considered to have a permanent destination. every time you
move the flit, new header lines would be added to the history tracking of it. what is remarkable is that this paradigm gives you incredible tracking control over information
that is going to be necessary in the future, imho.
the documents and flits are interchangeable. the document does not
have flits "attached", the document *is* a flit, or comprised of flits.
some of the properties of flits: they can be copied, but the child flits might "know" who their parents are, and can always
find their parent.  notice how radically different this is from
the modern view of information as lumps that sit in disconnected
piles. when I use a "cp" command, I do indeed get a copy, but I
have no idea about the origination of that copy. the flit concept
establishes *context* to information, and makes the context intrinsically part of the information. the information cannot
exist independent of context. today, our computers give us
contextless information, and all the structures we have built
are designed to attach context when it should be attached at
a much lower level, imho.
again, it can be implemented at different levels. many companies
already have "revision control systems" that are flit-like mechanisms
working at a document level.
ah yes. indeed. not saying it can be pulled off this moment.
two words: Moore's Law.

@_date: 1996-06-24 13:21:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: info assembly line, "flits" (long) 
yep. not saying what I am talking about is feasible this moment.
"moore's law"
not insurmountable. quite practical and sensible in say 10 years.
to move a pencil I only pick it up and set it down. to move a document through cyberspace, the process is infinitely more complex, requiring an
immensity of thoughts and coordinated actions. when we create
a system that matches the real-world difficulty, then we will
be approaching the limit. we are very, very far from that limit
even though we have climbed the ladder a long ways as you note.
as I was saying, information that is duplicated is contextless by
today's standards.
indeed, the concept of "moving" information implies TIME-- at one
time, it is at one place, at another time, it is in a new place.
but it is the SAME INFO. today, the disconnected idea of a "bit"
does not give you this *continuity*. I make a copy somewhere else
that is not tied to the original document.
imagine the same thing on a totally universal cyberspatial level,
not merely within a single company or university. I agree, we have
rudiments of what I'm talking about in place. but my point is
mainly that they are rudiments compared to what is possible. the
web is a very good sample framework for the kind of seamlessness
I'm talking about. like I say, the future information assembly
line will be built on top of it. it has a long ways to go too.
in a sense, I think the flit concept is a magic bridge between bits
and atoms. bits are too abstract. atoms are too real. flits are
a nice compromise. we have to get our bits to behave more like
atoms: persistence, etc.  there are a whole lot of very nice
"properties" of atoms that are staring us in the face that we
would benefit from immensely implementing in cyberspace.
early stages would not be much different than RCS systems already in
use in companies.
you could have mechanisms that don't keep the entire history of the
flit. I agree, a flit as a 0 or 1 is very unlikely in the near future.
but at a document level, i.e. a document as a flit, we already have
it in RCS systems that companies are struggling to implement well
as we speak.
I'm saying that in the information assembly line of the future,
they *must* have context. they must be tied together. you only
have disconnected chaos otherwise.
again, this requires the human to interpret the changes. what if
there was an actual "link" between the old and the new document
that is "stuck" to the new document? and furthermore, software
could traverse these links? that's more what I have in mind.
data doesn't have to be disconnected. I told you this was a radical
paradigm shift that I was proposing. you obviously have the previous
concepts down quite well. I'm not arguing that what you are saying
is the conventional system. I pointed out exactly that.
it will evolve to become more and more like a real space, a point
of my essay.
you have a rough analogy going. the point is that in a real cyberspace,
bits would never disappear like they do when computers go
down. we can create such a system.
10 years or so, I would say, before people implement things that
sound like they came right out of what I was talking about.
right. I think it is much more realistic to speculate that we will
be virtually unlimited than limited, and to ask the question, what would we implement if we truly were unlimited? to build something
limited when you are unlimited shows an impoverished imagination.

@_date: 1996-06-25 13:47:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: domain name zapping threat by Internic 
surprising not to see any discussion on this here..
this is a very intersting development. all kinds of news reports
are talking about the internic zapping 25,000 DNS addresses.
I wonder how this will turn out.
I saw in an article a claim, I think, that the internic now charges
$100 "rent" per year for a domain. this is really amazing to me,
because this has totally changed from a one-time only fee, if correct.
is that correct?
I wonder if people are going to try to find a way to "route around"
this action by the internic... one wonders if this is just the first
in a series of actions by the new spook owners. (SAIC)  essentially,
if someone wanted to implement a tax or a way to control the internet,
the NIC would be an excellent place to start.
I wonder if the NIC has legal authority to yank DNS address like
they are doing. it seems one could take them to court and have
a pretty good argument that people who run DNS servers are free
to run them however they want, and that ultimately this is what
determines how routing on the internet is supported, not some
overseeing agency like the NIC.
it seems to me that now would be a brilliant time for someone
to introduce a "non NIC registration service" that sets up an
alternate DNS that guarantees that members will never be charged
money. of course that's what the DNS "sort of" started out as...
The news media is anouncing that the Internic will delete 25,000 domain names that have not paid their registration fees Monday.  How will this work?  If someone is using one of these Domains and has DNS entries to find them what can the Internic do to disable the Domain? Won't the existing DNS services keep them working?
Glenn York

@_date: 1996-06-30 07:14:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: fbi botches intel "ecspionage" case 
"economic espionage" (ecspionage?) is in full swing as being promoted as the new bogeyman to justify spending billions of
dollars to our intelligence agencies, both military and
the FBI.
we already have a very good example where this has
backfired. I was watching Nightline on Tues night or
so in which there was info about how the FBI helped
get an informant into Intel in a *very* sensitive
position, where he was able to film the pentium chip
plans. he said he sold them, as I recall,
to iraq, syria, china, etc.
at the end of the show, the reporter stated that
the FBI was seeking stronger laws against theft
of "intellectual property" in congress that might
solve the problem. there was much lamentation over the
fact the criminal in question only got about 33 months
of prison time or something.
the FBI emerged with great egg on their face. I would
say if anyone wants to ridicule them for getting into
covering "ecspionage" cases, this is a prime candidate
case. is this what they are aiming for? heh, heh.
somehow we have missed a good public debate about ecspionage in the country. there were a few NYT editorials, but it is clearly being used as a very
major aspect of promoting the new post-cold-war spy
and intelligence strategy without almost any notice
by major analyists.
I was thinking about all the objections I had to the
FBI ecspionage treatment that were never raised on the
1. there was an implicit assumption that merely having
the plans to the chip would allow other countries to somehow
slaughter us in economic competition. but INTEL has spent
billions of dollars on physical infrastructure without which
the plans are virtually useless. it would take other countries
years to get the kind of equipment necessary to produce the
pentium, by which it might actually be yesterday's technology
that no one cares about any more.
2. we have a tradition of separation of church and state in
this country, and also separation of the public government
and private industry. suddenly we have the FBI saying they
want to infiltrate companies to deal with economic espionage.
well, these companies have their own policy, and what do
they gain by having a government agency working inside them?
in the above case I note, it led to exactly the *opposite*
of what was intended: the theft of *highly*sensitive* plans
by an FBI mole.
3. hence, one wonders if the FBI could do a better job of
combating ecspionage than companies are already doing, or
if they are just going to botch it as has already been spectacularly proven in this case.
4. we could have companies that are run like the NSA to prevent
"theft of information" (in quotes because I wonder if this will
be considered a crime in future decades, just as heresy and
blasphemy were once considered crimes a long time ago but no
longer are today).  however, we have the old "openess vs.
security" catch-22. we can't have technological development
without some degree of openess.
5. what is "intellectual property"? I think a very good case
can be made that there isn't really any such thing, that
the term itself may be thought in the future as something
like an oxymoron. there is a big red flag going up here:
why do we need all kinds of laws to combat this? is it
really a problem? can anyone actually point to a very sinister
situation in which massive amounts of cash were lost by a company due to ecspionage? as the steve jackson games incident proved, companies are liable to vastly exaggerate
their losses to the point of fantasy. they have a tendency
to think that "their information" is worth hundreds of thousands
of dollars when it may actually be freely legally obtainable.
if someone else can give more info on this case (apparently
a book is coming out about it or something) including the
guy's name, I'd appreciate it, I didn't take any notes so
this is a bit fuzzy.

@_date: 1996-06-30 11:23:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: fbi botches intel "ecspionage" case 
I don't quite understand your point. are you saying that a chip is
far more than merely plans? that I totally agree with.  a chip is
built by a massive army of highly intelligent people and highly
specialized equipment. I would wager that a very large part of
pentium technology is in their fabrication equipment. it would take
truckloads of files to describe all the equipment, and even
then you wouldn't necesarily be able to build it: you need the
geniuses who wrote the papers  in the first place to pull it off.
hence, one of my big criticisms of the concept of "intellectual
property": does it really exist?!?! is it in fact an oxymoron?
(don't tell the fbi!!! they'll get that weepy look that little kids
get when you tell them santa claus doesn't exist, hehehehe)
actually I smell something really bad here. the reporter for nightline
seemed kind of stupid to me. he kept talking about how Intel had
not gotten any warning that the employee had a criminal record and
had been involved in espionage in the past.
that was LUDICROUS. didn't he understand what was going on here? the
FBI was using this person as an INFORMANT and SPY and therefore probably did
the exact OPPOSITE: tried to use whatever leverage they could to get
him into a sensitive position where he would be USEFUL. and they
succeeded!! I find this a highly plausible scenario that they are probably
still trying to suppress.  I doubt the full truth on the matter is out
yet and a lot of people are doing the CYA thing in both Intel and
the FBI over this thing.
hence, I suspect the FBI was directly responsible for getting him
into a sensitive position where he could do damage. at least, that's
exactly what they'd be encouraging him to do. however he didn't seem
to present any evidence of that. there was some kind of finagling that
the fbi did to get him his job.
what is possible is that the FBI has *other* informants and spies working
in Intel that helped get the guy his job, and they would be "rooted out" if the whole story came to light. the FBI cooks up some story that makes
him look like a lone madman that went loose on his own.

@_date: 1996-06-30 11:56:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: fbi botches intel "ecspionage" case 
that's the guy.
the nightline segment certainly failed to convey that concept, but it
was what I raised in my post. in fact
it was all virtually touted as a great reason for new stringent intellectual
property laws by the reporter. "the fbi's hands are tied" he might have
even said.
probably the same one based on new elements that have just been discovered.
I missed the first half of the show but I think it was based on a new
Klaus, I have seen many debates on this list and weren't what I was
talking about. this list has very little influence on public policy
as you might imagine   ok, I will get flamed for that, but frankly
the public perception of cypherpunks is as a bunch of anarchists.
I mean public opinion pieces in newspapers, policy
journals, the washington talking-heads circuit like "meet the press",
etc-- but we will probably be getting that soon. except the topic
will be "what do we do about evil infoterrorists", instead of
"are evil infoterrorists a real problem". "does intellectual
property really exist, and if so what is it"  "do we actually need
new laws to create a new class of infocriminals"
sure sounds similar though. the guy on nightline went to brazil. maybe
that's all some juicy new info that you haven't gotten yet through any of your "blacknet" sources. heh heh. not too often I scoop the
ILF. yeah, I don't know what I'm talking about, Klaus (speaking of crossing
wires, my name is Vladimir, Vlad for short). don't understand your
fetish of calling people different names, does that have something
to do with that crypty-anarchy stuff or something? just curious.

@_date: 1996-07-01 15:45:27
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Net and Terrorism 
there are various parts of this essay I agree with, and other parts that
I don't. your conclusion that such things are unstoppable is quite
tenuous and not backed by evidence. what you fail to note is that
law enforcement agencies usually benefit from the same innovations
in technology that criminals benefit from. the FBI for example has
vastly improved their ability to deal with criminal fingerprints
through technology for example. in fact one could argue somewhat
that government agencies stand to benefit more from new tehcnology
because in some ways they are better organized and better funded
than small nefarious cells of terrorists.
however, I tend to agree that there is a continual arms race going on here, and that it's not necessarily desirable. the "solution"
(TCM would argue against the use of such a word) is not to merely
try to have a warfare, siege-like mentality imho, and a continual
"trying to stay ahead of the criminals". we do not have
regular open terrorism in the streets of the US and I see no reason
to think there ever will be as TCM suggests.
nevertheless what his essay misses, and many in law enforcement miss,
are the root reasons for crime. I'm not going to sound like a liberal
here and say criminals are blameless because they have been psychologically
abused. its not excusable to react to any situation through crime or
terrorism. however they have various gripes that are always seeded
in reality. it seems to me no nation-state has ever experimented with
trying to take away the root causes of violence and discontent. why? because a policeman holding a gun is so much more visceral and
the public responds to this image readily.  other "programs" that
try to decrease discontent among the budding terrorists of tommorrow
are usually ridiculed. it is very difficult to prove that they work
or that they are worth the money. terrorists invariably have a patricular pathological psychological profile that sees the world
in terms of "martyrs vs. villians" with the villians in the government,
and the villians taking away or abusing respectable citizens.
the "problem" of terrorism will be solved when we take the view
that insanity and violence is *not* a natural aspect of human behavior (as TCM tends to suggest), and that
there are specific environmental conditions that breed it. like
malaria, if you take away the swamplike breeding grounds, you will
largely remove it. such a thing is a radical hypothesis, but one that
nonetheless has never really been tested in practice.
the military and spook establishments require threats to survive.
I believe they are largely manufacturing a new one that has marginal
actual danger content.
ah yes, the standard amusing TCM disclaimer. hmmm, your signature suggests
once you lamented about the impractability of Duncan Frissel's suggestions for tax avoidance for regular people and a real society.
many of your own suggestions seem to
be to fit into the same kind of category of "not viable for regular
human beings".
disagree. the purpose of warfare has traditionally been to seize
something tangible like territory. terrorists are after intangibles--
namely, terror itself, disrupting a "peace process", etc. in warfare, the warfare is directly aimed at
obtaining the "thing", like the way Hussein invaded Kuwait. terrorists
do not obtain a physical "thing" by bombing some symbol. terrorism
is extremely symbolic at the root.
however I agree in the use of violence they are identical.
Tim McVeigh apparently bombed the OKC Murrah building for a reason: he was
pissed off over Waco. in a country in which the populace believes that
the government is truly "of, by, or for the people" you won't see
this kind of discontent and barbarianism. terrorism is not normal but
generally an indication that a nation-state has gone badly off track and
neglected some important psychological need of some significant part
of its populace.

@_date: 1996-07-02 19:25:28
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "gov runs anon remailers" 
fallout from that old, lame Strassman & Marlow paper. a bit on
the new Puzzle Palace.
------- Forwarded Message
- - ->  SearchNet's   snetnews   Mailing List
- - ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Posted dadoner  Thu Jun 20 23:46:55 1996
- - -> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
- - ->  Posted by: "Donna J. Logan"

@_date: 1996-07-02 18:18:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: whitehouse dossier database? 
holy cow, is this real? Grabbe cites several credible references.
although of course he himself fits the bill as one of the world's
greatest conspiracy theorists (or trackers, depending on your
point of view ). I don't recall the article by Paul Rodriguez
of Washington Times, was it recent?
------- Forwarded Message
Sender: owner-CN-L
The following is brought to you thanks, in part, to the kind assistance of CyberNews and the fine folks at Cornell University.
              Conspiracy Nation -- Vol. 8  Num. 30
             ======================================
                    ("Quid coniuratio est?")
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------
THE WHITE HOUSE "BIG BROTHER" DATA BASE
- - -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Systematics (Alltel Information Services).  It provided the software for the White House's "Big Brother" data base system, and now the White House is in a panic that there may be secret methods of accessing its computer.
system and data base--known as WHODB, White House Office Data Base, and containing as many as 200,000 names--was revealed by Paul Rodriguez in the *Washington Times*.  Some of the information was developed by *Insight*'s Anthony Kimery, soon to be managing editor of the electronic publication *SOURCES eJournal*.  Kimery is a writer whose articles in *The American Banker* and *Wired* were among the first to report U.S. government spying on domestic banking transactions.  (Kimery was also fired from one magazine for looking into the death of Vince government effort to spy on U.S. domestic banking transactions was directed by the electronic spy agency, the National Security Agency (NSA), working in connection with the Little Rock software firm Systematics.  Systematics, half-owned by billionaire Jackson Stephens (of Stephens Inc. fame), has been a major supplier of software for back office clearing and wire transfers.  It was Stephens' attempt to get Systematics the job of handling the data processing for the Washington-D.C. bank First American that lead to the BCCI takeover of that institution.  Hillary Clinton and Vince Foster represented Systematics in that endeavor, and later Foster became an overseer of the NSA project with respect to Systematics.
Systematics developed security holes in much of the banking software Systematics sold.  Now we face a crisis in banking and financial institution security, according to John Deutch, Director of the CIA.  "One obstacle is that banks and other private institutions have been reluctant to divulge any evidence of computer intrusions for fear that it will leak and erode the confidence of their customers.  Deutch said 'the situation is improving' but that more cooperation was needed from major corporations, and said the CIA remains willing to share information with such firms about the risks they might face." (*The Washington Post*, June 26, 1996, page A19.)
"banking crisis" in large part was itself created by one of the U.S. intelligence agencies--the NSA in cahoots with Stephens' software firm Systematics.  The Citibank heist by Russian hackers, for example, took advantage of a back door in Citibank's Systematics software.  (The Russian hackers were apparently aided by the son of one of Jim Leach's House Banking Committee investigators.)  Have any major banks thought of instituting lawsuits over this deliberate breach of security on the part of a software supplier?  other computer security problems: the creation of an  "Information Warfare Technology Center".  Guess where he wants to put the Center: in the National Security Agency itself, naturally.  That is, the government wants money budgeted for a new bureaucracy to solve the problem another bureaucracy spent money creating.  You have to admire the sheer chutzpah of this kind of con--one which would also leave the NSA fox guarding the banking chicken coop.
are in a panic.  Is the WHODB system related to the PROMIS software? they want to know.  Is there a back door into the system?  Have files been download?
even the White House will begin spouting conspiracy theories.  Perhaps Charles O. Morgan (see part 2 of my Vince Foster series) should write the White House a threatening letter.
- - -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.6.2
- - -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------
     I encourage distribution of "Conspiracy Nation."
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------
If you would like "Conspiracy Nation" sent to your e-mail address, send a message in the form "subscribe cn-l My Name" to listproc          (Note: that is "CN-L" *not* "CN-1")
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------
    For information on how to receive the improved Conspiracy   Nation Newsletter, send an e-mail message to bigred
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------
Want to know more about Whitewater, Oklahoma City bombing, etc? (1) telnet prairienet.org (2) logon as "visitor" (3) go citcom
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------
       See also: - - -----------------------------------------------------------------
          See also: ftp.shout.net  pub/users/bigred
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------
Aperi os tuum muto, et causis omnium filiorum qui pertranseunt.
Aperi os tuum, decerne quod justum est, et judica inopem et   pauperem.                    -- Liber Proverbiorum  XXXI: 8-9

@_date: 1996-07-03 09:20:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: SAFE Forum--some comments 
doesn't make sense to me at all. who was behind clipper? the NSA, not
the FBI.  the FBI is behind digital telephony, which involved
*wiretapping*, not key escrow.
actually I think that the NSA is trying to convince law enforcement
agencies that if they follow the NSA plan of crypto suppression &
key escrow that their job will be easier, that great instability results from
unfettered crypto. this fits into the way the NSA hates to be behind
any proposal themself, and need "cut outs" to do the lobbying for them.
I think at the core of it the NSA doesn't really care too much about
law enforcement issues like obtaining warrants and that kind of thing.
all the talk about warrant and subpoenas makes no sense from the point
of view of the NSA.  the NSA goals and the law enforcement goals
do not really seem to me to overlap much at all and that the whole
argument that they do has been a diversion.
this suggests an interesting way to turn the "pro-suppression" crowd
against itself. if the law enforcement arm can be convinced, as
many people are now advocating, that strong crypto actually makes
their job easier and the world information infrastructure less insecure,
they may eventually advocate unfettered crypto. then you have only
the NSA alone standing up and saying that they need the suppression
the concept that the NSA "regrets" ITAR laws sounds like an utter
fantasy to me. the ITAR has been around for decades. the NSA has
been continually *strengthening* the interpretations of the ITAR.
the ITAR is enforced largely through NSA *harassment* of companies
that are seen to be supposedly violating it. the NSA can stop sending
their "men in black" at any time. when the harassment stops, the
crypto would spread. no one is twisting the NSA's arm to reject
crypto exports in all the applications that are submitted. rather,
it is the NSA that is doing all the arm twisting.
the NSA has made radical interpretations of the ITAR in various 1. they rule that mere *hooks* are illegal
2. they have told Microsoft that merely *signing* foreign crypto software
packages is illegal
so the more I think about it, the more I think Bass's comments
as reported by TCM are a pile of hooey. perhaps even disinformation.
the NSA has full power to stop their harassment campaign at any
time. it is possible that there are *elements* within the NSA that
regret the policy, but they clearly are not the ones involved in enforcing it.
what many people fail to mention is that today we may not even
have these horrible infoterrorist problems that the NSA and CIA
et. al. are screeching about lately if crypto had been allowed to
grow organically and unharassed.  in my view, the NSA is largely
*responsible* for the weakness in the information infrastructure
as it now stands because of their suppression of efforts to
implement strong security via crypto. this is the great hypocrisy
of it all.
frankly at times I think the whole key escrow
debate seems like a huge smokescreen or decoy just to get the public
to argue about something the NSA was never seriously contemplating
anyway. it's could be just a delaying tactic that is working quite spectacularly.  every conference of experts sounds the same and they all come to the same conclusion. meanwhile the ITAR is virtually unchanged within
the last 5 years.

@_date: 1996-07-03 18:14:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Net and Terrorism 
of course. but what TCM's writing often seems to hide is a cynicism
about these conditions. "there's nothing we can do about it. buy
a bulletproof jacket and avoid crowed downtown areas". I'm saying
this cynicism and isolationism tends to make the problem worse,
not better. you clearly agree that we must find the reasons that
terrorists are being bred, and work to eliminate those conditions.
TCM apparently would feel that such a thing is a waste of time.
another thing that annoys me about the TCM slant or "spin" is the
pervasive connotation in his writing that terrorism is going
to get far worse in the future. if so, I would say that is because
world conditions that breed terrorists are getting far worse. he
seems to convey the idea that the world is a nonsensical place
where things, like increases in terrorism, occur for no particular
keep in mind that Ruby Ridge and Waco happened only a few years
ago. that's a nanosecond in cosmic time, yet the terrorist repercussions are being felt immediately. I would say its very
visceral evidene that terrorists are responding to events and
are not just madmen out for the fun of killing people.  there's
a bit of that of course..
it's a fatalistic way of putting it. yes I agree that such an environment
exists. no, I don't believe there is nothing that can be done about it.
no, I don't believe that everything that can be done about it has been
done about it. far from the case. my point in the essay.
no, I specifically reject that insanity and violence are "normal"
aspects of human behavior. merely because they have been around
for centuries does not prove they are normal, only how warped
the world has become such that abnormality is considered normal.
what your argument amounts to is essentially "well gosh, if there was
a way to get rid of violence we would have discovered it by now". not
if you are cynical, pessimistic, closeminded, and believe that violence
is simply a part of life.
no, but I believe you can eradicate virtually all the most extreme "swamplike
breeding grounds" that lead to the most insane terrorism such as
OKC. would OKC have happened if neither ruby ridge or Waco happened?
a compelling case can be made...
I agree. but it's not optimal. it's fantastic compared to the rest of
the world, though, I agree. good anecdote.
disagree. terrorism on the scale of OKC is largely unprecedented in
American history. I believe you are conflating degrees of violence.
and behind your and Tim's argument is that "there is a point at
which it is a waste of time to try to put any more work into eradicating terrorism, because it is inevitable". the point is that there is no physical strategic value from bombing
symbols.  I was making the point that terrorism is extremely symbolic
at the root. I'm not saying either warfare or terrorism is better
than the other. they're both very evil. but it seems to me that
people like TCM who equate terrorist activities with what governments
do are doing a grave disservice to civilization. you can find isolated
examples where governments behave like terrorist organizations, but
their primary purpose is to avoid such situations.
bzzzzzzt. what I am pointing out is that what Tim is essentially saying,
as you seem to be, that trying to combat terrorism is a waste of time
because it is a fact of life, is erroneous in my view. it is a common
libertarian argument that goes, "criminality is everywhere, so why try
to stop it?"  a rather juvenile ideology.  may you live in your reality and
see what it is like. hint: the current one we are living in is not
one in which the government does not try to fight terrorism.
    The point of Tim's essay was that, yes, the net can be used by the
because, from my past experience, it seems Timmy's wildest fantasies are always contained in the paragraphs
in which he says, "now, I'm not advocating this or anything...."

@_date: 1996-07-04 08:44:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Net and Terrorism 
TCM breaks a longstanding personal policy of never replying
to my posts directly. (well, thanks.)  realize that my speculation on his position is largely associated with the
vacuum of his continually refusing to discuss key points of his
lobbying is of marginal efficacy. I was not advocating lobbying congress.
imagine that all the palestinians had good paying jobs, for example. how many of them would be into rock-throwing and terrorism?  of course their own attitudes make such a thing very difficult. they may not have any
skills or reject a job even if offered one. I'm not saying such a thing
is easy. the fact that it is so elusive is proof of how difficult such
a thing is.
what you are failing to address is that terrorism is bred from DISCONTENT.
I do believe that it is possible for groups to live together without
DISCONTENT.  such a thing is incredibly difficult to achieve, but definitely impossible if one starts with the premise, as you do, that
such a thing is impossible. you will often find that some groups, if
given minor concessions, are quite aghast at such overtures. but when
both parties are stuck in "kill my enemies" mode, such a thing is
not conceivable of course.
I do NOT believe that living in the world is a zero-sum game as you
seem to suggest. your use of the term is very compelling. do you
believe human life is always at the expense of other human life?
if so I can see why you think terrorism and violence are inevitable
and likely to worsen (e.g. with the increase in population). but if
you start from a different premise, that human problems can be solved,
you may get a different reality.  (interesting though,
this dark view of the world as
a zero-sum game does seem to influence a lot of thinking here on this
"hopeless"-- couldn't have characterized your position better myself.
"groups seeking changes" == "terrorists"?? quite a leap of terminology. notice
that it is quite possible to PEACEFULLY work for changes without resorting
to violence. those that do resort to violence are at the most extreme
ends of the spectrum. terrorism is like an adult having the ultimate
temper tantrum. "if you don't give me what I want, I'll blow up a building".
again, a blurring of degrees of extremism. of course there will always
be conflicting demands of different groups in the world. but why does
this equate to an inevitable rise in terrorism? I think we should study
why it is that some people don't resort to violence to solve their
problems, and some do, and try to pinpoint the difference in their
psychologies. terrorists are not insane in a certain sense. they have
just pushed themselves out of the envelope.
I didn't say you claimed that.
what you seem to suggest an inherent irrationality to terrorism such
that it is often senseless. I'm trying to point out that terrorists
are not just insane people, and that we are not always going to have lots of terrorists just because there is always an insane percentage of
the human populace.
I would suggest that terrorism in this country is only going to get
worse if the government becomes more extreme. unfortunately, responses
to terrorism tend to increase the extremism of govt, so it is difficult
to separate cause from effect. I suspect we are already in this
negative feedback loop. but ask yourself, would tim mcveigh have
bombed the OK building if:
1. the FBI hadn't tried to cover up waco and ruby ridge
2. the FBI disciplined their agents, firing some on the spot
3. the FBI admitted making "egregious errors"
4. the FBI compensated families with cash without them having
to sue the government first
in retrospect, are any of these things not the "right thing to do" anyway?
didn't the government eventually end up doing most of them anyway
in the long run? what if they had apologized from the beginning?
now, I am not saying what Mcveigh did was justified-- what I am saying
is that the government could have potentially averted inflaming him
and a zillion other militia members by a particular course of action
that was inconceivable to them because of their need to preserve
their testosterone-laced image of manhood... I gues being a government
agent means never having to say you're sorry....  but terrorists are
subject to the exact same kind of extremism of course. the extreme
government and the extreme terrorist are the perfect match for each
other and continually inflame each other more.
"lobby". you are using your own straw man against me.   I don't advocate
lobbying or petitioning congress in particular to change the world. such measures play a small role. (btw, you probably
think mother teresa is an idiot based on that sentence)
again, a conflation of regular, routine conflict and disagreement
with extreme violence and terrorism. why can some people solve
their problems, or postpone their settlement, without resorting to violence?
why can't others?
it was a highly symbolic action. the palestinians are enraged that
israel is largely supported through american dollars and military
ok, an interesting analogy. notice however why the japanese attacked however.
their critical oil supplies were being cut off. it wasn't just an exercise
in trying to destroy an enemy. we became their enemy for particular terrorists would not be terrorists unless they had their reasons. take
away their reasons for being terrorists and they have nothing to inflame
themselves about. that's my point.
bzzzzt. you constantly talk about terrorists as if they are one single
kind of breed in the world. but they have a zillion different variations
and they are all violent for different reasons. they are fighting for
*causes*. the sole cause of a terrorist is not to destroy government.
they *want* to destroy government for some other reason. "I'm pissed off
about [x], therefore I'm going to destroy the government". now, they
*say* they are dedicated to destroying governments, but they're really
just pissed off about [x], and if you take away [x] (which the government
does often have a hand in) they have very little reason to be terrorists
any more.  ( McVeigh is a good case in point.)
there are terrorists who are explicitly dedicated to destroying government
merely because it is government, but I'd say this is an extreme form
of terrorism that is relatively rare. apparently you have studied these
forms the most and concluded they are the regular variety, and I take
exception to this.
 you will not find terrorism in societies that are largely
"contented". you cannot realize this until you study societies that are
"content", which is the opposite of what you have done, focus on societies
that are "discontented" and stuck in turmoil.
I think this is what I find remarkable about your writing. for terrorists,
destroying the government is a means to an end. but you often write
as if terrorism is the end itself, that terrorism is its own reason
for existence. that's what I'm questioning.
 They believe they will reap the rewards of such a
note that they are really interested in the rewards, not necessarily
the revolution. what would happen if they could obtain the rewards
without the revolution? frequently revolution is required because
the government is fanatically opposed to giving them their demands.
but their demands are rarely that extreme at the root. (a place to
live, religious tolerance, sovereignty, whatever). when you have terrorists, what you have is a government that is as extreme in its attitudes as
the terrorists. it takes two to tango, as you are suggesting. the
violent confrontation between government and terrorism is only
the result of a negative feedback loop in which both become more
extreme and polarized, each feeling that any concession to the other
is a sign of submission. it is *not* a natural course of civilized
society as you frequently suggest.
well, we're in agreement, although at times it sounds like you are
rooting for the violent crackdown, the negative feedback loop. your
writing is very opaque sometimes. its not clear what you are advocating in particular. you seem to want to advocate things without
appearing to advocate them, eh?
actually it was a term of endearment . I would be awfully bored here without your postings. it's just a pity
that you don't ever consider reexamining your fundamental premises, or
stating them in depth.  but this is human nature, so I can't fault you for it.

@_date: 1996-07-04 08:09:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: blocking software & brock meeks 
sent this to Brock Meeks re: his latest column
I also ask cpunks not to harass these companies or their users--
it's a solution that's working.
------- Forwarded Message
I read your columns regularly. outstanding work.
regarding your recent dispatch: please do not harass the
blocking software companies too much. they are simply based
on a different premise than the regular net. the internet
starts out with, "everybody can access everything". they
start out with, "only stuff we approve of can be accessed".
what their system shows is that you will always have disagreement
and controversy whenever this software is employed, whereever
subjectivity is involved. it is a very legitimate and worthwhile
service for parents who would rather "err on the side of caution".
but far
better to have these organizations arguing & bickering with who they
censor than to have the people who are censored suing the
government. the people who want free net access have it, and
are unbothered by these controversies.  in other words, by moving the controversies to places where they are locally
contained (i.e. among the blockers and blockees) the rest
of the surfing public is unaffected and perhaps even protected
from harassment.
so you see? there is all kinds of ranting about censorship going
on, but it has nothing to do with the way the vast majority uses
the internet. it's completely voluntary. it's the perfect solution.
so far, nothing the blocking companies do can affect the net as
a whole. they are largely predicated on that function. in a real sense they are providing very general services of
"rating web sites our customers will be most interested in". and you realize, even the Point Communications awards are the
exact same thing.
so again, please do not harass the companies. it's a solution
that does work. the existence of controversy does not prove
it doesn't work. it in fact proves that it does work.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1996-07-09 10:52:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: DIAL: directed information assembly line 
over the past few months I've been intermittently posting some
snippets and fragments of ideas on a new information processing system.
I've codified most of what I was talking about into a semi-formal
protocol description. I think this has tremendous potential for
wide applications, and I suspect many of these ideas below are
already being used in many diverse contexts but have not been
unified into a single specification (which I think will increase their
value and use signficantly). I suspect something like the following
is actually going to be a natural, inevitable evolution of the current "information infrastructure" and cyberspace-- i.e. something like
the following is going to evolve whether I personally work on it or not,
or whether future designers see this particular essay or not.
anyway, I will try to incorporate comments from correspondents into
future revisions. I would love to put together a group of people
interested in continuing to develop this although that's probably
premature at this point. thanks to everyone who has (unwittingly) contributed to this so far based on responding to my earlier essays.
= introduction
= terminology: flits, floutes & bloxes
= fault tolerance
= tracing
= time estimation
= common bloxes
= implementation
= examples
The industrial revolution was driven by specific technologies.
Similarly, the "information revolution" is now in full pace using a different array of new tools. However, it is unlikely
that all information processing tools have been invented yet.
This paper is a preliminary sketch of one such potentially significant tool called DIAL.
DIAL stands for "directed information assembly line". This document contains a description of this novel information processing
architecture. This proposal outlines the idea and contrasts
it with existing systems, showing how it highlights certain
aspects of data processing that are not specifically addressed in,
but seem to be implied by, other existing tools. The system can be viewed variously as
a programming environment, a monitoring system, a revision
control system, a quality assurance and quality control
mechanism, a fault tolerant computing system, a workflow (re)engineering technology, a company
intranet routing algorithm, an operating system
based on virtual reality, etc.
DIAL is something like a "dataflow" oriented system. This document
will not describe any specific implementation of the DIAL concepts
(such as giving a language syntax) but instead focus on its abstract properties which can be implemented in multiple ways.
There are 3 basic components in the DIAL universe:
"flit" - a flit is a unit of information that has an associated
DIAL state. The information can change over time. One aspect of state
is "location". "flit" stands for "fleeting bit", i.e. a piece of data that can "move".  The number of binary bits allocated to a
flit may vary per flit or over time.
"floute" - a floute is a "flit route" or a path that a flit can
take. Conceptually flits move through the flouts. A flout can
be implemented in various ways, such as "last in, first out", "first in, last out", a pool of data, etc.
"blox" - a blox is a "black box" or a component that changes the
information content of a flit. Bloxes are connected to floutes.
The DIAL system is recursive in that any of the 3 basic objects can be contained or encoded
in the 3 objects. For example, flits can contain flits, bloxes
can contain further floutes and bloxes, etc.
Conceptually, a DIAL system is a directed graph, with
nodes called "bloxes", edges called "floutes", and a superimposed
set of things called "flits" that can, over time, "move through" the In many cases flits have a natural analogy to messages being
passed through the system.
Bloxes contain a single internal state, like a regular automaton.
They can send requests, and respond to, memory bloxes.
DIAL is unlike a programming language in that "time" is considered
a key property of what it models. Many languages handle the concept
of time implicitly through the use of variables. But programming
languages have a computation-centric view of processing, such that
programs are seen as directing and operating on data. In DIAL, data is seen as flowing through components, a data-centric view. fault tolerance
To be implemented correctly, the state of a DIAL system at
any given time is incorruptable.  All operations have total
integrity.  The system is designed to coordinate unreliable
subprocesses and must itself be reliable.
In DIAL, a blox is roughly analogous to some kind of process.
The process may or not be entirely computational. The blox
models an unreliable process. The process
is activated when a flit approaches the blox from a connecting floute, at which point the flit "enters" the blox. DIAL handles the protocol of informing the blox (or rather,
the process represented by the blox) of the
presence of the flit. DIAL keeps track of all flits that are currently being processed by bloxes. The blox should process
the flit and push the flit into some other floute which signals
it has successfully operated on the flit.  Combinations of
flits at inputs can be processed, and multiple outputs are supported.
The DIAL system allows processing time limit rules to be associated with flits, floutes, and bloxes, such as a floute assigning time
limits to flits that move through it, time limits associated with
all flits going through particular bloxes, or time limits attached
to flits. (The system will have a precedence to these rules.)
The motion of flits through floutes is handled by the DIAL system
and is incorruptable. Flits can "pile up" in floutes if not processed
by connecting bloxes as rapidly as they accumulate. All bloxes may have
different amounts of processing times on incoming flits.
When a blox fails to "return" a flit in the time limit, the DIAL
system can be programmed to automatically take particular
countermeasures.  The countermeasure programs are associated with
flits in the same way the expiration time is (via the flit, a floute, or a blox, and having precedence rules).
- DIAL can ask the blox, "have you heard of this flit". The blox
can reply, (1) "yes, I am still working on it", or (2) "no, I have not
heard of it". The rules can specify possibilities such as
resubmitting the flit, cancelling the flit processing
and redirecting it elsewhere, propagating other flits into floutes (which might represent message(s) sent to "failure controllers"), etc.
- The blox may reply, "the flit has corrupted the blox". This may
happen in systems without transaction integrity. Again rules
can automatically be followed to try to "clean up" the system by
propagating new flits to particular floutes or possibly resubmit the flit.
- The blox may not reply. Again, rules for countermeasures can
be programmed into the DIAL system.
All flits have unique IDs that can be traced. At any time a query
can be sent to the DIAL system, "where is so-and-so flit?" and
the system will describe the exact location of the flit. Flits
can never vanish, even when bloxes fail to operate correctly. Every flit has a history as well. The flit may contain different information at different times. The system allows some number of earlier information states of the flit to be accessed.
Information about the past flow-path of the flit and each associated
change in contents (prior and subsequent to entry and exit of a blox)
is available. This could be called a "replay" feature.
In a query of a DIAL system, it may actually reply, "the flit was deleted", although its earlier states would still be accessable. Another possible
response is, "the flit moved out of this DIAL system", but again
some number of its penultimate states, while it was still "inside",
would still be accessable. Again, customizable rules determine how
much history is available.
General queries such as "locate all type [y] flits that have not moved
within [x] time period" are supported. Past histories of the flits
that have moved through flouts and bloxes are also available.
The system can support some degree of "global or local rollbacks"
in which prior processing flows are reset, redirected, restarted,
etc.  An ability to locate components based on traffic is supported,
such as floutes where current flit queue lengths are of some
size, etc.
The system allows the assignment of arbitrary version numbers with
particular flit states that are also allowed in queries.
time estimation
An implementer of a DIAL system might support specialized queries
called "time estimates". A flit is passed into a system with a special
flag that indicates processing time should be estimated but results
should not be computed. The flit flows as far through the system
as possible and records time estimates as it passes the bloxes.
When it finally emerges, cumulative statistics on the time estimates
that would be associated with an actual processing of the flit
are available to the requester.
Common bloxes
- extracter/combiner
Bloxes to extract flits, floutes, or bloxes encoded in flits
are available, as well as to create flits that encode any
of the same objects.
- warehouse
The DIAL system can support a flit warehouse in which all flits are
stored when they are not being propagated elsewhere through the
system. The warehouse is a blox that responds to flit queries
in the form, "move flit [x] into floute [y]".  (The motion of
the flits into and out of the warehouse resembles the checkin
and checkout task of RCS software.)
- create bloxes
In a static DIAL system, all bloxes and floutes are predetermined
and fixed.  In a dynamic system, the bloxes and floutes may change over time. This is accomplished by feeding special flits
into bloxes that can create other bloxes and floutes as
their result. Other bloxes can connect them in specified ways.
The dynamic system is far more complex and is reserved for
specialized situations.
- rerouter
A special rerouter blox is useful for dealing with new versions
of other bloxes. A frequent problem that arises with new versions
of software (i.e. a new blox) is that it is incompatible or has
bugs. The rerouter blox is capable of rerouting a request to a
new version of a blox to an older version when problems arise
in the processing.
- tester
Often results output from bloxes are to be tested for consistency
to ensure the bloxes are functioning properly and not returning
spurious results.
- tester/comparer/rerouter
Another useful blox for fault tolerance can take the results of
two other bloxes and compare them for discrepancies. Flits output
from a new version of a blox could be compared with the flits from
the previous version, and automatic actions be taken on any
discrepancy (such as passing through the old version while flagging
the exception). The comparer allows the system designer to more
elegantly deal with regular "upgrades". In fact it is the embodiment
of automated regression testing.
- isolater
Often input of flits is batched into groups, and some flit in the
group may cause problems in the processing, but further detail in
revealing the exact "bad" flit is not available.  The isolater
can automate this process in an algorithm that resembles the classic linear search. The input batch into a blox is consecutively split into halves by the isolater until the smallest erroneous pieces are isolated and hilighted.
- global versioner
Often a system with many bloxes has new versions of the bloxes, and
there is need in globally switching control to new bloxes. This
can be accomplished with the use of a special global versioner
blox.  It can keep track of the different versions of all bloxes
in a given DIAL configuration, and switch between configurations.
- bad blox isolater
Combining many of the previous bloxes, a special system that
automatically isolates new versions of bloxes that fail to be backward and/or forward compatible is possible. This is a direct implementation of the software development pipeline.
The DIAL system should be implemented graphically and visually.
A corresponding language specification to describe a DIAL network is possible and desirable, but a visual or graphical interface to any operation should always be possible; likewise a representation of all DIAL states should be supported. Ideally, the DIAL universe could be
visualized in a 3d virtual reality, and a person could physically
"grasp" and manipulate all the basic objects (flits, floutes, bloxes).
The one-to-one visual representation of DIAL and its states is a
key aspect of its accessability and usefulness.
There should be in principle no memory limits on the core
DIAL entities: flits, floutes, or bloxes. Limits in implementations
such as "a maximum of 50 queued flits per floute is supported" are
antithetical to the basic design principles. However there may be
various memory limits associated with particular uses of the
entities that model a particular application. The DIAL system internally must have many protections that maintain
its internal consistency at all times to prevent corruption of
its state. However, unreliability of all components it models
is allowed (and specifically designed for). The states of components are allowed to be inconsistent to some degree, such that a state like "blox went down" might arise at a random time. Typically in implementations,
the "last known state" of a blox would be tracked, along with protocols to retrieve the most recent state and allow resetting
or other manipulations of the state.
Recent new technologies such as the Web and Java may be excellent
environments for implementing aspects of the DIAL specification.
Recent widespread interest and developments in intranets, workflow analysis, and reengineering may be very tangibly furthered
through the introduction and use of DIAL systems.
1. a DIAL system can be used to model the workflow of a company.
Individual flits can be thought of as documents, and bloxes
are the operations that transform the documents. The history
mechanisms are identical to revision control. Floutes represent
interactions or communication paths between people or departments.
This is the primary "information assembly line" application of the DIAL concept. In this system, the "paperwork" cannot be lost
because of the inherent properties of DIAL. In fact it is in these
sitations that history, tracing, and "timeout" mechanisms are most valuable. The estimation feature gives an approximation of "how
long will this take when submitted".
2. a DIAL system could reflect the internal state of packets
on a network. Individual computers, routers, etc. are seen as bloxes,
and messages are the flits, and floutes are the network routes.
The DIAL tracing features are especially useful in this context.
3. a DIAL system could represent a large, complex software project.
Individual bloxes are the components in the program. The versioning capabilities deal with the development pipeline.
Regression testing and the process of moving to new versions is
explicitly built into the system.
4. the DIAL system might represent data being sent over the
World Wide Web. 5. the DIAL system could represent a distributed computing system
in which the bloxes are spread out over the Internet (the floutes),
and socket communication is used to transport flits.
6. In many debugging situations, "bad data" is detected without any knowledge of its history and complex measures are employed to try
to deduce the prior processes that led to it. The history mechanism in DIAL allows a user to trace prior states of the flit and find the exact point or blox where the corruption occured. Also, the capability of putting a "rider" on a flit that detects when it is modified in some way is possible.
7. There is a natural correspondence between every computer language
and the DIAL system. Subroutines or arithmetic operations are like bloxes, and parameters are passed in floutes. Variables are the contents of specific "floutes"
at various points in processing.

@_date: 1996-07-16 10:59:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: brokers as middlemen 
One of the "industry" proposals involving taping the phone calls of NASDAQ
this reminds me of something else. the stock exchange as it now stands
is not the paradigm of true capitalism as some would have others believe. in fact I see it as the paradigm of what might be called
"middleman capitalism", a version of capitalism that is rapidly
diminishing and disappearing in the onslaught of the information age.
essentially, in the new version of capitalism, middlemen who do not
*add*value* to the delivery of a product are going to be increasingly
cut out of the loop. I am not saying *all* middlemen will be cut out,
but many that now exist will be.
in my opinion, the *stock*broker* as his job is now defined is in many
ways the classic middleman that does not necessarily add value to the
information that flows through his hands. if he is just an agent for
carrying out the demands of clients, then I'd say that this role is
going to disappear as markets become more automated, or rather capital
moves toward stock exchanges that diminish this overhead. however, there
are many brokers that add far many more services than mere blind investor response, such as analyzing company profitability,
forecasting, etc-- these are adding value imho.
I think the end result of the information age is going to be something
that could be regarded as the ultimate capitalist market-- something
that eliminates all "unnecessary" middlemen. I suspect the stock exchanges
of the future will *not* be regulated because they *cannot* be. it
will be a matter of buyers and sellers choosing the systems that
best suit them regardless of what governments feel is appropriate, fair,
or whatever.
its interesting how the restrictions on stock buying and selling are
becoming quite orwellian in the way they are designed to limit
mere information transfer in many cases, it seems. TCM has written
about this far better than I could in previous posts. ("inside trading"
I think we are going to be moving toward new stock markets that
are diverse (i.e. not only one of them) that have different kinds of
rules for buying and selling. I suspect they will be largely automated,
because the market pressure is to move in the direction of eliminating
unnecessary overhead. isn't a roomful of men chaotically screaming "buy" and "sell" orders at each other the epitome of what is *not* represented by the information age? the entire process
could be reduced to electrons flowing through wires.
so I think what we are seeing are the last gasps of pre-information-age
economics in which governments feel they have to do things like regulate
stock markets for the concept of buying and selling to work right and
be "fair". I'm not saying that unfairness doesn't exist in capitalism,
but I am saying that increasingly these  decisions of what actually
constitutes "unfairness" are going to be made by the economic players
involved and not bureacrats in governments.
eventually we are going to find that money is actually
a special kind of information
network that helps a society control the allocation of capital and
human resources-- i.e., allocating anything with the property of (for more ideas on "middleman capitalism" vs. "pure captalism" read
Bill Gates' _Road_Ahead_.)

@_date: 1996-07-18 09:23:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Sternlight on C'punks 
frankly I think a mailing list that can't tolerate informed
but  dissenting views such as your own without self-destructing has
an inherent problem that exists independent of your participation.
perhaps it is a valuable public service to expose such a flaw. at
least, that's the hacker spirit. as for TCM recommending you not
join, I'm disappointed to hear anyone so ostensibly and vocally
committed to free speech would tell anyone that their presence
would be "disruptive" or "controversial" and recommend against it.
well, I find you to have mellowed yourself after a legendary amount
of back and forth in cyberspace, although I would still consider
some of your own views "dogmatic" as you term it.
I personally find your GAK positions superior to those of the
administration, at least, although that's almost the lowest-common
denominator litmus test for not starting massive flamewars on the a suggestion: get a pseudonym! if you only care about debate, you
can debate to your heart's content through it. it's trivial in
cyberspace. if, however, you want your posts to accrue to your
"true name" because you are uptight about maximizing your "reputation",
then this won't work. imho, it does separate the men from the boys
in some ways, the way people use and deal with pseudonymity.
do they openly advocate it yet fall back on ideas of "true names"
randomly relative to it? do they play games like relentlessly try
to connect-the-dots of pseudonyms to "true names" via their speculation
or whatever? do they feel they have to defend their pseudonym's posts
as much as they would those under their so-called "real" name?
all signs of cyberspatial immaturity imho.  in fact as I understand it, from the fragments of legends tossed around here,
this is all what caused Detweiler to self-destruct,
when his neurons melted down from contemplating the ramifications
of pseudonymity. yet you can see signs of "pseudoparanoia" even among the most "respectable" here.
"there is no limit to what a man can accomplish if he doesn't
insist on getting credit"...

@_date: 1996-07-18 09:47:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Surf-filter lists 
there's significant ambiguity in your language. what actually constitutes knowing or not knowing what is being filtered?
Meeks discussed a case where the software clearly gave *categories*
of what it filtered, and I think he focused on a case where it
was clear that it was borderline (the monkey with the eye poked
out). in other words, it did appear to me that the software &raters
were working exactly as they were supposed to, and he was hilighting
a borderline case. moreover, the categories were clear: "gratuitous
depictions of violence" or whatever. for *some* consumers, knowledge
of these *categories* is going to be enough. other consumers
are going to be more wary and want to make sure that the actual
sites blocked correspond to the categories stated.
in general, though, I think many consumers do not want to know
in exact detail what specific web sites are being blocked. that's
what they're paying the company for: to hide that information from
them in a sense so they don't have to deal with the complexity of
my position could be misconstrued. it is: let the consumer *decide*.
this is already happening. they are putting their money where they
think superior services are. what Meeks has discovered is a new
criteria that customers *may* want to pay more attention to: how
well what the companies "say" they are doing matches what they
are actually blocking. but then again, consumers are always going
to have to place some amount of trust in these companies. the
market is in the process of deciding right now.
Meeks seems to have the opinion, "the site-blocking software is
not legitimate unless they fully publicize their lists". this
is a decision the market will make. I fully expect that both
types of services will flourish in the future (open and closed
lists), and each have their particular roles and areas of specialty.

@_date: 1996-07-18 09:20:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: UK privacy case: Munden 
interesting story I hadn't heard before. this guy
complained about a bad bank balance and went to jail for
it. touches issues such as security of bank software,
government oppression, crypto, judicial evidence legality, etc.
------- Forwarded Message
[This case is so outrageous that it wouldn't even work as a "Dilbert" strip.
Fortunately the guy is now free, having had his life ruined for complaining
about the theft of his bank deposits.]
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, send an empty message to  rre-help
[Editor's note: I sent out an article about the Munden case when it was
current -- in late '94. For those who don't remember, John Munden is a British
policeman who was jailed for complaining about his bank balance being wrong.
No, you didn't read that incorrectly. Read on for more details. I certainly
hope that the next chapter will be some sort of restitution paid to Munden. --
Addressed to: set-discuss
At a trial in England yesterday, a judge decided that if a bank was
not prepared to let their computer systems be examined by a hostile
expert witness, then they could not even present bank statements
in evidence.
At least SET has been done right - I believe it is the first
significant banking protocol to have undergone an open design
review. I hope that there will be implementations that have also
undergone credible scrutiny.
I append a note of the case that I posted to our supporters.
Ross Anderson
John Munden is acquitted at last!
At twenty past two today, John Munden walked free from Bury Crown
Court. This resolved a serious miscarriage of justice, and ended an
ordeal for John and his family that has lasted almost four years.
In a judgment loaded with significance for the evidential value of
cryptography and secure systems generally, His Honour Justice John
Turner, sitting with two assessors, said that when a case turns on
computers or similar equipment then, as a matter of common justice,
the defence must have access to test and see whether there is anything
making the computers fallible. In the absence of such access, the
court would not allow any evidence emanating from computers.
As a result of this ruling, the prosecution was not in a position to
proceed, and John Munden was acquitted.
John was one of our local policemen, stationed at Bottisham in the
Cambridge fenland, with nineteen years' service and a number of
commendations. His ordeal started in September 1992 when he returned
from holiday in Greece and found his account Halifax empty. He
complained and was told that since the Halifax had comfidence in the
security of its computer system, he must be mistaken or lying. When
he persisted, the Halifax reported him to the police complaints
authority for attempted fraud; and in a trial whose verdict caused
great surprise, he was convicted at Mildenhall Magistrates' Court on
the 12th February 1994.
I told the story of this trial in a post to comp.risks (see number
15.54 or get ftp.cl.cam.ac.uk/users/rja14/post.munden1).  It turned
out that almost none of the Halifax's `unresolved' transactions were
investigated; they had no security manager or formal quality assurance
programme; they had never heard of ITSEC; PIN encryption was done in
software on their mainframe rather than using the industry-standard
encryption hardware, and their technical manager persisted in claiming
(despite being challenged) that their system programmers were unable
to get at the keys. Having heard all this, I closed my own account at
the Halifax forthwith and moved my money somewhere I hope is safer.
But their worships saw fit to convict John.
An appeal was lodged, but just before it was due to be heard - in
December 1994 - the prosecution handed us a lengthy `expert' report by
the Halifax's accountants claiming that their systems were secure.
This was confused, even over basic cryptology, but it was a fat and
glossy book written by a `big six' firm with complete access to the
Halifax's systems - so it might have made an impression on the court.
We therefore applied for, and got, an adjournment and an order giving
me - as the defence expert witness - `access to the Halifax Building
Society's computer systems, records and operational procedures'.
We tried for nine months to enforce this but got nowhere. We
complained, and the judge ordered that all prosecution computer
evidence be barred from the appeal. The Crown Prosecution Service
nonetheless refused to throw in the towel, and they tried to present
output such as bank statements when the appeal was finally heard
However, the judge would have none of it.
For the computer security community, the moral is clear: if you are
designing a system whose functions include providing evidence, it had
better be able to withstand hostile review.
This message was sent by set-discuss  For a complete listing
of available commands, please send mail to 'majordomo
with 'help' (no quotations) contained within the body of your message.
- - --- end forwarded text

@_date: 1996-07-19 08:20:19
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Surf-filter lists 
absolutely no reason is necessary. when a parent says to their
child, "because I said so", what recourse does that child have?
the service is doing the equivalent of this, and will be appropriate
for and appeal to the many parents who raise their children in this authoritarian manner.
a company does not have to give reasons. as TCM just wrote, people
will vote with their cash. the ultimate determinant is if the company
is profitable under a capitalist system. they could have ex-nazi's
doing the filtering, and if they are making money even when their
customers know about it, what's the problem?
now, Meeks is doing a valuable public service in *informing* the
public of criteria customers may be interested in they may
not have been previously aware of (to the minor extent that
he did so in an objective way). however, they
are the ones to make the decision. they may decide that they like the whole idea of secrecy. the market is deciding as we
speak. the article is in a sense part of this decision-making
process. your own opinion is not irrelevant-- I have never said
that. it's a nice additional perspective. I'm only saying its a small factor and you're awfully
presumptuous to think everyone (esp. those that use the services)
feels the same way about a lot
of subjective material as you do.
McCullagh, have you thought out your position at all on this? all the responses I have gotten from you show you haven't put much thought into the
matter and are quite caught off guard by my fairly basic points.
let me ask you: Yahoo *routinely* rejects zillions of URLs
submitted to them. an equally emotional article could be written
that highlights their editorial decisions in borderline cases.
"Yahoo rejected a link to [x]!!! that's censorship!!!". please
figure out what you are and are not opposed to, and have a clearcut stand. don't you see the amazing similarity between
rating services and Yahoo? what, in principle, is the difference?
your own arbitrary opinions?
 He also fails
the article is ambiguous about who wrote what.  It's clearly
Meeks writing style. I give you credit for whatever research you
contributed. if I were you I would not want to be associated
with that particular article however I don't recall the service you were picking apart in particular, but
I thought Meeks ranting over the "monkey with his eye poked out"
as not necessarily "gratuitous depictions of violence" was a real
big lose position for himself.  the categories may be clear enough
for the *customers*, i.e. parents, and that's all that matters. you
can rant all you want, but if people are paying money and continue
to do so in spite of your objections, where does that leave the
validity of your opinion?

@_date: 1996-07-20 21:06:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Surf-filter lists 
agree with most of your points CL, but
as I wrote in the CuD article, it seems pretty darn reasonable to
me to adopt a philosophy in which the younger the kid, the more
that is blocked, and to decrease this blocking to none at all as
they get older. the argument is not, "to block or not to block"
as a lot of black-and-white polarized accounts are portraying it.
I would like to see people stop ranting at parents merely because
they want to block things like sex, violence, pornography, etc.
especially when younger children are involved. I'm amazed at how
often I see this argument, "the problem is not junk on the internet,
the problem is hypersensitive and backward parents who can't innoculate their children".
frankly I think
that's what childhood is all about: not being exposed to all the
harsh aspects that grownups call "reality". do we ask that children
work in factories and make their own living? of course not. childhood is about *not* being exposed to the full harshness of
reality, about being insulated from it by protective parents. it's a very innate and natural instinct for parents to
embrace-- virtually the definition of parenthood. admittedly it can become authoritarian, but at root
it's very basic to human nature.

@_date: 1996-07-22 06:14:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: NCs (network computers) 
I thought this was a great message on the future "network computers"
that may be coming out soon. a balanced view that shows how there
may be a niche, and that there are also places where they will
not be appropriate. the NCs could really potentially change the
computer and cyberspace as we know it in a very significant way.
------- Forwarded Message
When the idea of the NC was first floated, I thought to myself what an
absolutely terrible idea it was.  But as time goes on, and I read more about
the concept, I'm beginning to see that it has certain advantages.  These
advantages are going to be useful in two areas: corporate sites, and
non-technical households.  (Note: This does *not* necessarily mean that the
NC is going to be a success ;)
In a corporate environment, where many people in many different departments
have PCs on their desk, the IS dept has their hands full trying to keep these
machines running.  (I know, I've seen it first hand.)  People do *not* leave
their machines in the configurations that IS delivered to their desk.  People
bring in software from outside the company (games, personal software, etc.),
this leaves a gaping security hole (for viruses, etc.).  As people change
their machines around, it is difficult to 'borrow' someone else's machine
because it can be configured radically different from what you're used to
seeing on your desk.
The NC would reduce the per set cost of each desktop (nothing to sniff at).
 The software that runs the NC would be completely under the control of IS.
 So every machine looks the same and runs the same.  There would be a single
central point for virus checking, etc.  It would also eliminate a *lot* (or
all?) of the piracy issues that lurk in the background; you can make sure you
have a license for every piece of software that is being used.  It makes
backing up everyone's data a *lot* simpler; it's all in one place.
Now, the NC is *not* going to fly if IS tries to put it on *every* desktop.
 The computer geeks (software & hardware) are going to scream bloody murder
if IS tries.  But then, these users generally know enough (or more than IS)
to maintain their own machines.  The NC is going to be most useful for
secretaries (oops, I mean exectuive assistants), accounting, production
personel, etc.
It is this *potential* that is going to help sell the NC early on.  Whether
or not the software companies come through with products to help the NC work
is going to be crucial.  How *well* the whole thing works is also going to be
crucial.  Also, let's not forget about the need for a backup server.  If the
server (or the network) go down, the whole company can grind to a halt.
 Planning for this eventuality is going to be very important.
In the home market, the NC is going to be targeted at people like my mother
or my grandparents.  Last time I saw my grandparents (about a year ago), my
grandmother asked me about all those 'funny letters' at the bottom of the
screen on so many TV shows.  She was talking about the web URLs being
displayed.  I told her what it was about, and she asked if there was really
anything there worth seeing.  (I had to tell her the truth -- not really.)  Anyway, the point is this: There people are *not* going to buy a PC.  They
know that they are expensive and can be very difficult & expensive to keep
running.  An NC offers the possibility (let's see if it can come true) of a
relatively low cost and simple use.  The software can be provided/maintained
by the local service provider.  Whether this is AOL, MSN, or an ISP is
probably still up in the air, and there is no reason that they can't all
Also, imagine the current headaches of the ISP trying to help a customer get
connected when something is wrong.  Is it hardware?  Software?  IRQ conflict?
 There is so *much* that can go wrong.  Imagine if the person calling has
*no* technical background.  Arrgh!  Now, imagine that the person calling has
an NC.  They run *standard* software and connect to the ISP.  It has the
potential to be *much*much* simpler.  (Again, we must wait and see if the
potential pans out.)
Now whether or not you 'rent' software, I don't know.  I can see a sizeable
market for this in games perhaps (like Nintendo, today).  You know, try it
before you buy it.  I do *not* think anyone in the home is going to run
Quicken on an NC; but in the corporate environment, this type of centralized
record keeping makes a lot of sense.  No more trying to back up the hard disk
on everyone's desk.
Anyway, that's my 2 cents worth.  I look forward to looking back in 5 years
to see how the whole thing panned out (or bombed!).
Jim :)

@_date: 1996-07-23 12:57:48
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
wow, after only about a week DS has suddenly grasped the Tao of Cypherpunk and discovered the mysterious and elusive distinction of Those That Are and Those That Are Not. I'm really impressed. truly only
a great master could accomplish such a feat in such a short time. as long as I have been around here, even I do not have such confidence,
so I bow down to my superior David suggests that Netscape will be royally screwed if the gov't
cracks down on them because of "monkeywrenchers". but quite the
opposite is possible. as TCM fondly points out, sometimes you win
by losing and lose by winning (not necessarily in those words).
by creating a very large, glaring, and visceral
public spectacle of the government cracking down on crypto, the
resulting outcry could be absolutely enormous and resonate throughout
the entire population. it would be a vivid portrayal of what the
government has been doing quietly and secretly for decades, and
perhaps the public might finally understand what is going on.
before on this list I have advocated that we try to bait the government
into confiscating crypto at a border, or stopping a truck full of
microsoft products with "military grade crypto" at the border or something-- filming the customs agents with guns raised and have
a voiceover "what's in the truck? not submachine guns. not missles.
but computer disks. and the government feels they are every bit
as deadly".
p.s. personally I think "monkeywrenching" does have its uses at times

@_date: 1996-07-31 10:41:11
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Dry Under the Waterfall 
I am as equally tired of this cliche as DCF is in his essay of his
own pet peeve.
in a capitalist economy, labor is best/optimally utilized through relocation when the nature of the economy changes as ours is.
the massive *relocation* that is occuring in the workforce is in
fact an indication that our economy is moving at light speed into the
21st century.
I am tired of people that feel that the world owes them a job because
they are alive. ultimately you must work to live in this world, and
the only exceptions are those that have somehow twisted the "system"
into feeding them otherwise and bankrupting it in the process.
merely because you have a body does not mean you can provide a
valuable service to the world. what? the world is valuing supposed
"work" that involves nothing but dumbly moving one's appendages
far less? well, whose fault is that? our economy is fairer than
people want to admit-- we are seeing the signs that this is true,
not that it is false.
it has been drummed deeply into people's brains in the public educational
establishment that education is a key concept of success. and someone
gets to be 30 with few educational skills, finding it hard to get a job, and says, "nobody told me it would be like this"?
"downsized into oblivion"? excuse me? because someone is laid off they
evaporate? well, that is the conventional wisdom of course, in which
the concept of firing is equivalent to execution in many people's
I have talked to various people who launched into new careers by
going to school and picking up entirely new skills, perceiving their
"layoff" as an opportunity instead of as a condemnation.
a layoff is the economy saying to someone, "look, you may be a valuable
person, but in this role there is not that much value. please try, try
again". it is not a PROBLEM that people switch careers. its the natural
price of having a state-of-the-art economy.
another pet peeve of mine is PEOPLE WHO CHOOSE TO HAVE FAMILIES
that they cannot necessarily support. yes, that's right-- it's a choice
to have a family, and if you're a responsible person, you will think
long and hard about what it means to your life if you decide to have
kids and the lifetime commitment and cash it will require of you.
ask how much thought went into this "decision" of some people, and
you might be aghast. and why do they feel the government must pay them
for their own mistake in judgement?
as DCF said, you can lead a horse to water but you can't make him
think. quite to the contrary college enrollment and student loans
by the government are up enormously over the past few decades.
also the GI bill is more popular than ever.
however like you I would like to see more transfer of funds from supporting
deadbeats funneled into the education system..
anyone who doesn't understand why our economy is moving the way it
is should read Toffler who predicted the shift far before it occured.
jobs are *not* being lost in the ultimate sense. our economy is undergoing
a fundamental shift in which new jobs are being created in categories that
defy old thinking such as within large corporations. if you only look
at large corporations as the barometer of the economy (as most people
do, encouraged by the media in a paranoid feedback loop), indeed it would look a lot like the world is ending.

@_date: 1996-08-09 11:14:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: visual programming 
"cpunks write code". the whole concept of writing code may fundamentally shift in the future to something that is far more
visually oriented. I tend to think so and think that this idea
will be particularly fruitfully explored relative to virtual reality. I believe that in the future, code will be written
neither with "code" nor with "writing", so to speak.
this is a blurb out of Xeroc Parc, the same organization that
brought you the revolutionary wysiwyg GUI, the mouse, the file/folder analogy, etc.
imagine that as a programmer, you could see an animated presentation
of your code operation at all times. it would be an incredible
development and debugging tool. it is quite a few years away, but
I think it is inevitable.
what is interesting is that visual programming is not necessarily
a replacement for computer languages. it could be seen as just
another layer of abstraction on top of source code, i.e. a means
of generating source code, which could be in any language du-jour
such as Java. in fact I think this is the way visual languages
will first make their way into commercial environments-- by meshing
with all the existing language baggage.
------- Forwarded Message
Newsgroups: ba.seminars,comp.human-factors,comp.cog-eng,comp.groupware
Organization: Usability Adventures
                                  BayCHI,
                   the San Francisco Bay Area ACM SIGCHI
          (Special Interest Group on Computer-Human Interaction),
                        announces its August meeting:
                          Tuesday, August 13, 1996
                               7:30 - 9:30 pm
                         Programming as a Video Game
                                    or
               ToonTalk -- A Video Game for Creating Programs
                         Ken Kahn, Animated Programs
                                     +
   Exploring the World of a Product: the Light Switch Exploration Project
                     Sam Hecht, IDEO Product Development
                           Xerox PARC Auditorium
                           3333 Coyote Hill Road
                           Palo Alto, CA 94304
Abstract of "Programming as a Video Game or ToonTalk -- A Video Game for Creating Programs":
Seymour Papert once described the design of the Logo programming language
taking the best ideas in computer science about programming language
and "child engineering" them.  Twenty-five years after Logo's birth,
there has
been tremendous progress in programming language research and in
computer-human interfaces.  Programming languages exist now that are very
expressive and mathematically very elegant and yet are difficult to learn
master.  We believe the time is now ripe to attempt to repeat the success
the designers of Logo by child engineering one of these modern languages.
When Logo was first built, a critical aspect was taking the computational
constructs of the Lisp programming language and designing a child friendly
syntax for them.  Lisp's "CAR" was replaced by "FIRST", "DEFUN" by "TO",
parentheses were eliminated, and so on.  Today there are totally visual
languages in which programs exist as pictures and not as text.  We believe
this is a step in the right direction, but even better than visual
are animated programs.  Animation is much better suited for dealing with
dynamics of computer programs than static icons or diagrams.  While there
been substantial progress in graphical user interfaces in the last
years, we chose to look not primarily at the desktop metaphor for ideas
instead at video games.  Video games are typically more direct, more
and easier to learn than other software.  And more fun too.
We have constructed a general-purpose concurrent programming system,
(TM), in which the source code is animated and the programming
environment is
a video game.  Every abstract computational aspect is mapped into a
metaphor.  For example, a computation is a city, an active object or
agent is
a house, birds carry messages between houses, a method or clause is a
trained by the user and so on.  The programmer controls a "programmer
in this video world to construct, run, debug and modify programs.  We
that ToonTalk is especially well suited for giving children the
opportunity to
build real programs in a manner that is easy to learn and fun to do.
A live demo of ToonTalk will be given.  (See                                  ----- o -----
Abstract of "Exploring the World of a Product: the Light Switch
Exploration Initiated by IDEO industrial designers in San Francisco, the Light Switch exploration is the first in a series of projects which explore the world
of a product.  The benefits, other than those which are delivered within
each design, is to expand each designer's mind, but formulated within a group.
The group deliberately chose the humblest of product interfaces for exploration, asking that the test was in the using.  It was felt strongly that this type of project would be able to indirectly inspire some of the more complex products that IDEO usually works with, and which the layman eventually has to operate.  The approach taken was rooted heavily in both
a large vocabulary of materials and the appraisal of a light switch within
its The group started the project by examining the history and context of a
light switch and discovered that it was praticularly easy to move away from preconceptions which seem to have plagued many earlier attempts by
designers. This was further achieved by the group developing contextual platforms
for particular scenarios based on the relationships between object and light; control and light; the manipulation of light; and the interaction with a switch.  The root in material also inspired totally new ways of both manufacturing and operating a light switch.  It would be wrong to suggest
that these designs are anything more than concepts, but because they were
created within an environment that is populated by Human Factors, Engineering,
and Interaction Design, they hold many of the concerns which are evoked by
these The group extended the concept of "using" by creating working prototypes.
These were exhibited as part of the "Mutant Materials in Design"
exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art in New York.  Here, the public were able to interact with each switch in its proper context; that being to turn a
light bulb on and off.  New surprises were observed - such as people stroking a switch that only required the slightest of contact.  What was happening,
of course, was that relationships were being created between object and user.
The exploration was awarded the 1995 annual design award for concepts and
the CHI'96 video award for design, and was part of the International Design Yearbook for 1996.
ToonTalk was designed and built by KEN KAHN  who, after earning a doctorate in computer science from MIT, spent more than
15 years as a researcher in programming languages, computer animation, and programming systems for children.  He has been a faculty member at MIT, University of Stockholm, and Uppsala University.  For over eight years he was a researcher at Xerox PARC.  During the 1970s he made several
animated films which were shown in film festivals, theaters, and cable TV.  In
1992, Ken founded Animated Programs whose mission is to make computer
programming child's play.  His patent application covering the underlying technology
of ToonTalk has recently been approved by the US Patent Office.  David,
Ken's 11 year-old son, will be running the demos during the talk.
                                 ----- o -----
SAM HECHT joined IDEO in 1994 after working in the areas of interior
design, architecture, industrial design, and graphic design.  He has worked in
the studios of David Chipperfield in London, Studia design group in Tel-Aviv, IDEO product development in San Francisco, and now currently as a senior industrial designer at IDEO in Tokyo.  In San Francisco, he created
designs for large corporations in the fields of furniture for Steelcase America, computer monitors for NEC Japan, and recently telephones for AT&T of
After graduating from the Royal College of Art in London, he started to investigate the border between object and environment, which he exercised
in a number of interiors.  This interest was furthered with the designs of
the offices of IDEO in both San Francisco and Tokyo, which challenge our
thinking of the office environment - layered with the philosophy of
multi-disciplinary team working that IDEO employs.  He is also responsible for curating the
IDEO design explorations that occur each year.
In Tokyo, he is currently focusing on the design of objects of a smaller scale.  His work has won several awards; has been exhibited in Europe, America, and Asia; and has been published in leading journals throughout
the                         NOTES OF SPONSORSHIP & THANKS
BayCHI thanks Jock MacKinlay and Stu Card of Xerox PARC for sponsoring
our use of the Xerox PARC auditorium for BayCHI monthly meetings.
                  BayCHI's September meeting: September 10
                 location: Xerox PARC Auditorium, Palo Alto
About BayCHI
BayCHI, the San Francisco Bay Area chapter of ACM's Special Interest
Group on Computer-Human Interaction, brings together systems designers,
human factors engineers, computer scientists, psychologists, social
scientists, users, software engineers, product managers, ... from
throughout the Bay Area to hear and to exchange ideas about
computer-human interaction and about the design and evaluation of user
To join BayCHI, which will get you added to the mailing list for the
newsletter, enable your access to the jobbank, enable your listing in
the consultants directory, get you a copy of the directory of BayCHI
members, ..., send a note to cstreeter.chi or to BayCHI,
PO Box 25, Menlo Park, CA 94026, and we will send you a printed
membership form.  Membership forms are also available at the BayCHI
meetings; plus, a membership form is appended to this announcement.
Additional information about BayCHI is available at BayCHI's evolving
World Wide Web site: For program updates and to leave messages, call 408-235-9244.
                         BayCHI Steering Committee
The BayCHI steering committee meetings are open to anyone who is
interested in attending.  The meetings are generally held the first
Tuesday of the month at 7:30 p.m.  Please contact any member of the
committee for directions to the meeting.
Chair                  Bob Weissman        weissman.chi
Vice Chair             Clark Streeter      cstreeter.chi
Treasurer              Fred Jacobson       jacobson.chi
Program Chair          Richard Anderson    rianderson.chi
Membership Chair       Don Patterson       patterson.chi
Newsletter Editor      Fred Jacobson       jacobson.chi
Dinner Coordinator     Diane Cerra         dcerra
Webmistress            Christina Gibbs     cgibbs.chi
Job Bank               Mark Fernandes      mark_fernandes.chi
Publicity Chair        Christina Gibbs     cgibbs.chi
Tutorial Chair         David Rowley        rowley.chi
CHI Calendar           Megan Eskey         eskey.chi
Consultants Directory  Dave Salvator       salvator.chi
Strng Comm Mtg Host    Ulrike Creach       creach.chi
Newsletter Distr.      Joseph Jarosz       jarosz.chi
Volunteer Coordinator  Clark Streeter      cstreeter.chi
Elections Chair                  (open position)
SIGCHI Liaison         Don Patterson       patterson.chi
International Liaison  Susan Wolfe         wolfe.chi
BAHFES Liaison         Robert Kaplan       kaplan.chi
Xerox PARC host        Jock Mackinlay      mackinlay.chi
Past Chair ('95-'96)   David Rowley        rowley.chi
Past Chair ('93-'95)   Ellen Francik       francik.chi
Past Chair ('92-'93)   Richard Anderson    rianderson.chi
At-large               Allison Hansen      ahansen.chi
At-large               Howard Tamler       htamler.chi
At-large               Mike Van Riper      vanriper.chi
             BayCHI -- P.O. Box 25 -- Menlo Park, CA -- 94026
                           DIRECTIONS TO XEROX PARC
Coyote Hill Road (no light) and turn right. Go 1/2 mile and PARC will
be on your left. Follow the signs to the auditorium.
Real.  Oregon Expressway becomes Page Mill Road at El Camino Real.
Follow Page Mill Road 1.7 miles to Coyote Hill Road (no light) and turn
left.  Coyote Hill Road is just past the intersection with Foothill
Expressway. Go 1/2 mile and PARC will be on your left. Follow the signs
to the auditorium.
For a map, see                   O /                                \ O
        -----------X------------ Cut Here ------------X-----------
                  O \                                / O
BayCHI Membership Form                         (Version: 8 February 1996)

@_date: 1996-08-17 14:10:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: forthcoming book on privacy 
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, send an empty message to  rre-help
Computer Privacy Digest Thu, 08 Aug 96              Volume 9 : Issue: 009
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------
There is a new book on privacy due out momentarily.  The publisher's
announcement follows.
The Michie Company Introduces Data Privacy Law: A Study of United
States Data Protection by  Paul M. Schwartz and Joel R. Reidenberg
Data Privacy Law: A Study of United States Data Protection is the first
book to analyze comprehensively U.S. fair information practices law as
it pertains to data protection issues in both the public and private
Data Privacy Law was underwritten by the European Commission in
preparation for the issuance of its Directive 95/46/EC (October 24,
1995) on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of
personal data and on the free movement of such data.   The book
compares coherently the fair information practices of the United States
with principles common to divergent legal systems.
Data Privacy Law has important practical applications and will help
companies that employ transborder telecommunications, conduct
interjurisdictional financial transactions, or advertise across borders
to define their own data protection strategies to ensure that
expectations of fair information practices are met.  The book will
assist lawyers, government regulators and scholars to understand data
flows in both the public and private sectors.
Author Paul M. Schwartz, Professor of Law at the University of Arkansas
School of Law (Fayetteville), has been a guest professor at the
University of Nantes, a Fulbright Senior Lecturer at the Goethe
University?s Research Center for Data Protection, and a Research Fellow
of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation and of the Harry Guggenheim
Foundation.  He has provided advice and testimony to governmental
bodies in the United States and Europe.
 At present, he serves as Special Advisor to a study of health care
applications of the National Information Infrastructure carried out by
the National Academy of Science's National Research Council.
Author Joel R. Reidenberg is Associate Professor of Law at Fordham
University School of Law.  He serves as chair of the Section on
Computers and Law of the Association of American Law Schools and is a
Fellow of the Cyberspace Law Institute.  Formerly, he practiced in the
Washington, D.C. office of Debevoise & Plimpton, where he worked with
the international telecommunications group on European
telecommunications liberalization and competition law issues, data
protection regulation, and intellectual property issues.  Professor
Reidenberg served as an advisor to the U.S. Congress Office of
Technology Assessment and has testified on information privacy before
various government bodies.
Both authors have written and lectured extensively on privacy and
information technology law.
Priced at $90.00, this book will be a welcome resource for policy
makers, legal practitioners and scholars grappling with data protection
Michie is a part of LEXIS*-NEXIS* and publishes annotated state codes
for 31 states and the District of Columbia, more than 700 titles
covering national and state law topics, the Michie?s Law on Disc CD-ROM
research system for 36 states, and a growing number of ?practice?
CD-ROM titles.  A division of Reed Elsevier, Inc., and a member of the
Reed Elsevier plc group, one of the world?s leading publishing and
information businesses, Michie combines almost two centuries of
traditional legal publishing with leading-edge information technology.
- - --
Data Privacy Law by Paul M. Schwartz and Joel R.
Reidenberg $90.00 Order Number:  67180-10
For more information or to order, call Michie toll-free at 800-562-1197. Visit Michie's web site at - - ------------------------------
End of Computer Privacy Digest V9

@_date: 1996-08-17 14:08:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "world communications being monitored" 
- - ->  SearchNet's   snetnews   Mailing List
Hi there all,
I heard an amazing news report on the radio today, that confirmed
what I've heard and suspected for a long time - all international
communications *are* continually being monitored!!
The report was on "The World at One" news report on BBC Radio 4 -
about as respected, reliable and informative a source as any
mainstream media is ever likely to be. The feature spoke about a
book that's come out in New Zealand called "Secret Power" by Nicky
Hager, that has been endorsed by the former (?) Prime Minister of New
Zealand himself. It supposedly goes into great detail about an
international agreement called "Echelon" of which the US, UK,
France, New Zealand, Australia and several other nations are all
participants. According to Nicky Hager - who was interviewed on the
program - a system of monitoring stations have been set up in various
countries in the world that continually monitor ALL fax, email,
telephone and satellite communications etc, "sniffing" for keywords
using super computers. When these key words are identified the
information is automatically logged and according to Hager, sent
directly to the US intelligence services.
Now whilst many of us have undoubtedly come across this sort of
information before and undoubtedly many of us have probably scoffed
at such ascertions as merely impossible and blatantly paranoid,
something very significant sets this report apart. Before the book
was published, Hager went with his manuscript to the New Zealand
Prime Minister who had been responsible for signing NZ up to the
agreement (I got the impression that he is no longer in power). Anyway, the PM was so shocked by the revelations that the book contained, that he has written the forward to the book. Supposedly he says that he had no idea of the true nature of the agreement and the powers which it bestowed on the intelligence services and is obviously trying to distance himself from the storm that's beginning to brew up about it. Maybe he's just covering his arse or maybe he was just another puppet head of government who wasn't properly informed about what was really taking place in his own country, but either way, the fact that he has got involved with the book adds considerable credibility to it's claims. Those of you who have often said that such wide-scale monitoring is "obviously impossible" might be wise to re-evaluate your positions!
Anyway, there was no further report on the BBC Radio 4 evening news and nothing about it on TV, so maybe that's all we're hear about it over here in the UK - and maybe even less for you lot in the good old US of A. The book isn't in print over here, so needless to say, I'll be contacting a book seller over in New Zealand to see if I can get myself a copy and I'll keep you informed. If anyone out there in NZ could give me a phone number of a sizeable book shop over there, I'd really appreciate it and if anyone else has any info on this, please pass it I wonder if "Secret Power" is now on their keyword list?  If it is then - "Hi there big bro'. I hope you're all having a nice day!"
Take care out there,
      See ya
           Mat
                 ================================================
                 WHAT'S THE FUTURE GOT IN STORE FOR MANKIND???
                                      For a different perspective on:
                 Global Trends, The Environment, Surveillance Technologies,
                                  Current Events and Prophecy, Visit:
                                                THIS PAGE IS CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION
                 ===============================================                       He who is conscious of danger creates peace for himself;
                  he who takes things lightly creates his own downfall.
                                                                    I Ching

@_date: 1996-08-18 15:43:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: BlackNet as a Distributed, Untraceable, Robust Data Haven 
agree with Jim Bell that blacknet by any stretch of the imagination
is not a "data haven". it is a service for selling/buying secrets.
I'm quite surprised to see you misuse a term that I thought you
had largely invented/promolgated ("data haven"). as far as I understand
it, a "data haven" would function something like a remote disk drive.
blacknet did not claim to have anything to do with storing data
reliably like a drive does.
the idea of highlighting the fact that Blacknet was possible however
was something you certainly deserve all the notorious credit for others deserve the notorious credit for describing how a blacknet-like
scheme could be foiled or at least made difficult through the use of widespread decoys.  (and yet others deserve credit
for breaking the key to that )
do you consider "decoys" "man in the middle attacks" as you wrote
in your essay, or are you conveniently ignoring this devastating issue
that was brought to your attention long ago?
one of your repeated claims is that a reputation service would help
identify the decoys, but I would like to see this happen in practice
before I believe it. remember that reputation services themselves
could be subject to infiltration and falsification. it becomes
a "who will give reputations on the people who give reputations"
infinite regress problem imho.
also, I always liked the way that you tied in Blacknet to anonymous assassinations. or maybe that was just part of my imagination. anyway I'm surprised that you haven't collaborated
with Jim Bell more who shares some of your ideas on the subject.
I certainly give you huge credit for discovering/elucidating
some of the more twisted uses of cyberspace long before they are actual
operating enterprises.

@_date: 1996-08-18 16:25:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: MD5 completely broken! 
uhm, congratulations uhm, a slight kink you don't seem to have considered
and might want to ruminate on--
if MD5 is broken, no one will anymore have any use for
anything associated with it maybe next time when you break a code and want to make
some $$$, sell your solution in secret to the people who patented it!!
wheeeeeee!!! crypto is so much fun!!!

@_date: 1996-08-18 17:24:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: MD5 completely broken! -- JOKE 
april 1 is not very near on my calendar, wiseguy.
I agree, but my message was a joke.

@_date: 1996-08-20 06:57:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Why TCM thinks BlackNet *IS* a Data Haven 
1st: apologies to Jim Bell for misquoting him. I think I meant
Jim Mccoy.
naw, let's split some semantic hairs. I am willing to agree in principle that blacknet is *similar* to
a data haven, as I wrote in my response. it involves similar ideas. however, in your *original*
Blacknet announcement it was explicitly portrayed to be essentially
an *intelligence*service*.  I agree that you could have modified
this announcement to pretend that you are also providing
"data haven" type services, but you didn't focus on this angle,
and I object to you going back and claiming you had some priority on this
idea via Blacknet (at least that's what you seem to be doing)
when you really did not. of course you have been
discussing data haven ideas for about as long as anybody here, and
may even have some degree of precedence in inventing aspects of the
idea, but I don't think it's fully legitimate to suggest that
your blacknet gedanken promoted the concept of a data haven,
or even contained it.
you neglect key points that I and others are raising.
raw data is not the same as intelligence-- it is far different.
with raw data you want a mechanism that has the reliability/fidelity
and access time of a hard drive, essentially. you want something
that doesn't alter or reformulate data-- something the Blacknet announcement
never promised at all, and in fact it was clearly implying that
the service would be involved in sorting out what data to sell to
whom and presumably repackaging it, so to speak. sending requests
to blacknet, "can you please send me a copy of [x]" does not
fit my idea of a hard drive type request. a data haven and
a blacknet intelligence operation share some *similarities* but
in principle there would be some vastly different
implementation issues for one or the other.
again, *in*theory* you could use blacknet for a data haven type
arrangement. a company that provided both would make a lot of
sense as far as consolodating similar functions. however to
claim that you were promoting the idea of a data haven with
the initial announcement of blacknet, that's just not correct
imho. I'd call that Blacknet II: the Sequel which you recently
cooked up.
again, your original blacknet service made no guarantee whatsoever about
providing data back to someone who sent it in, in unaltered form, something
that would be key to a data haven. in fact it implied that the people
who sent in the data wouldn't be interested in getting it back--they
would only want the cash for its informational value to other buyers. you do
however point out that data havens in which material sent in by some people
and retrieved by others would tend to be another application. (when I think of data haven I think of person [x] submitting material in secret,
and then person [x] downloading it or making it available to others
based on his own decision. blacknet was explicitly making the decision
of availability on its own)
in fact this is a very important attribute you are glossing over
with your rather slippery exposition. let's say I submit some
secret data to Blacknet, and I want a guarantee they are not going to
sell it to other people, even if it is encrypted by me.  (otherwise they
might sell it to someone who wants to break it.)  the original blacknet announcement involved the antithesis of this confidentiality
arrangement-- it explicitly suggested that you would use the service
only to sell data that others might want. presumably they would have
no use for an encrypted file they could not decrypt and might just
throw it away.  again, the original announcement made *no*guarantee* that Blacknet
would even save your data. they could throw it away. that is your
idea of a data haven? if it said, "we will also guarantee we will
reliably store your data for a fee which you can retrieve"-- just
that sentence and I would agree with you that the original blacknet
was also a data haven. but lacking that, I disagree. notice that this
is quite different than the original announcement, which implied
that only the people who wanted to buy the data would submit fees
to the service, not those who submit the information (who would
in fact be paid by blacknet for the semantic content value)
it is, after you revise it as you are doing in your recent essays.
again your original announcement did not approach the data haven
angle you are now emphasizing whatsoever and in some ways as I enumerate was in direct conflict with it.

@_date: 1996-08-27 07:58:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Denning interview in Wired 
don't recall anyone mentioning this--
Steven Levy did a lengthy piece on Dorothy Denning for the
recent Wired. any reactions?
I was personally struck at how Dorothy seems to lack strong
convictions that hold up in the face of others. she wrote
a paper urging that hackers be studied and worked with by
the security community and then backed away from the position
quickly after talking to "authorities".
I was amazed that Dorothy, after a long time, has failed to
confront some very basic issues in her advocation of 1. constitutional issues. it would be ok for me if she described
why she thinks that privacy is not constitutionally protected,
but she fails to mention constitutionality issues in virtually
any of her writings. frankly this strikes me as the utmost
weasely evasion. is she aware of any court precedent on freedom
of speech, freedom to speak in private etc? she never quotes
any case law etc.
2. she fails to address the issue of "returns vs. cost" or
"cost/benefit" ratio. her argument amounts to an extremely
simplistic line, "law authorities have been stymied by crypto. therefore
it should be restricted". but this reminds me of speed limit
advocates saying, "55 saves lives". well, how many? 35 saves lives
over 55. the key issue is that of *compromise*: what is the optimum
compromise?  we can catch more criminals by adding security cameras
everywhere, but what are the costs? such back-and-white thinking has little place in any complex policy issue, yet unfortunately tends to dominate them. it's very bizarre to see an academic like Denning
just seem to be vacuously oblivious to such simple concepts such
as "tradeoffs". nothing I've read suggests she has ever addressed
the issue of *compromise* in regard to catching criminals vs.
protecting rights.
but amazingly, people like Kallstrom seem to think the same way.
paraphrased, "if even one criminal gets away because we didn't have enough
funding in the FBI, we need more funding in the FBI" etc.
3. she fails to address the "big brother" issue. why is wiretapping
never going to be used by "big brother"? it's inconceivable to me
how she can honestly evade this issue as well. she has never addressed
the issue of abuse by law authorities from what I can tell.
4. Denning seems to be to be remarkably swayed by "authority figures".
she has changed her opinion before based merely on conversations with "authority figures" in the FBI and NSA. it seems maybe she has
a bit of "spook envy" or something like that. many of her arguments
for me essentially amount to, "people that claim to know what they
are doing say we need [x], therefore we need [x]"
well, I am not trying to start a new round of Denning-bashing (although that's always fun, hee, hee) but the recent article does
give a little new food for thought about Denning's psychology etc.
frankly I think that Denning has lost the intellectual battle because
she absolutely fails to address some of the above key points. (particularly
the total failure to address the constitution is getting more egregious). I suggest that anyone who wants to debunk her line of thinking (which apparently
is getting to be awfully easy) just focus on any of the above areas.
she apparently has no reponse to these points in anything I have
read of hers.

@_date: 1996-08-28 05:52:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Denning interview in Wired 
hey, cut me some slack. you did specifically "interview" her for the article,
(I'm remembering the part where you say
you pressed for details about how clipper would improve the world, and
she came back talking about how she got locked out of a swim locker in her wet bathing suit, hee, hee). it's not an interview in the sense that you are  directly quoting her the whole article, but I'd say it would be
fair to call it an interview. article, whatever, I don't care.
also, I was not claiming that Denning failed to address particular
issues in the article alone (which I agree would not be totally
fair, with only one "sample"). I've read a lot of her writing and
talking and am pointing out that she doesn't volunteer any info
on the points I mentioned (constitutionality etc.) in general, even when pressed, and that your article fits into suggesting this pattern of evasion of certain points on her part. did she talk to you about any of the issues I mentioned in my post? if so, I would have suspected you would have included them
in the article. in any case, even on her own and when directly
challenged, she avoids the key issues I mentioned to a degree that
for me approaches intellectual sloppiness or even dishonesty. the article imho correctly
conveys the reality that Denning, even after being the poster-girl
for Clipper, wiretapping, and key escrow, has failed to take into
account or address the key devastating counterpoints of her opposition, and still at this late date has great difficulty explaining why "all the above"
is a good thing and desirable, despite endless opportunity to boil
her stance into effective soundbites.
fair enough. I challenge anyone to show how she's addressed the
points I mentioned. I'm simply pointing out a pattern I've noticed
in her thinking of which your own article is another confirmation,
but not the sole basis for the claim.
which you did. that's why I said in my post, it gives interesting
fodder for psychogical insights of Denning's position.
I don't know why you seem to be defensive about the article
in your response when I said nothing critical of your own role.
I guess I didn't make it clear I thought it was a fine
article and thought you did a commendable job, and I've always
been a big fan, if you care about my opinion in the matter there are other places in the article where I do sense a bit of a subtle bias against Denning, especially in the last paragraph, but
overall I thought it was very objective. it seems to me it would
be hard to write an objective article about Denning that didn't
raise doubts in the readers mind (i.e. by carefully avoiding all
mention of her opponents etc.)

@_date: 1996-09-03 18:45:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
ah, the quasi-yearly ranting on EFF has started up. what a great
opportunity for drop-down-drag-dead flamewar.
Black Unicorn: I resent your holier-than-thou moral posturing
over EFF, and am going to attack it as representative of other
criticism I have seen of EFF. EFF is an organization that is professional and has
worked toward improving cyberspace. it is easy for someone
such as yourself to criticize such an organization anonymously,
but what is the justification of your criticism? to me someone
who has tried and failed, yet is still trying, is better than someone who has never tried. what *constructive* alternative to EFF do you propose? if you have none, please shut up.
I am tired of people announcing loudly to the world, "well if EFF
doesn't support [insert my personal jihad here], then they're a bunch of losers who don't deserve anyone's money".
get a clue. an organization does not have to officially espouse what
its members espouse. what an organization espouses should be carefully
crafted. if all members feel strongly about an issue, yet all also
feel that it should not be part of the official plank, then that may be
a wise decision to leave it out. what an organization does *not* do is as important as what it does do. EFF is learning, by trial and error and the
hard way, to "choose battles wisely".
I would love to see more info about EFF's new direction. but one
can ask for such clarification without a rabid style such as your own.
blah, blah, blah. why should EFF give the slightest damn what you think
of them? if you were at the helm of a competing organization that
was doing superior work, or a privacy lobbyist with a track record,
maybe they should listen. as it stands I think they are giving you
far more respect than you deserve by even responding to your
various scurrilous insinuations.
why do I see so much of this in cyberspace and on the cpunks list:
gripes, gripes, gripes by people who have no record themselves of
doing anything constructive...? the difficulty of doing something
constructive is proven by the failures, it is not necessarily evidence of incompetence or conspiracies. perhaps you, Unicorn,
feel the cpunks have a greater track record than EFF? I would like you to explain why you feel the need to criticize EFF
for not necessarily sharing your own agenda.
again, you fail to grasp: EFF may justifiably not want to engage in that
fight. it might be a wise decision.  who are you to dictate EFF's
agenda? why are you picking a fight with someone who might be the
best ally?
perhaps you would be more influential if you learned to spell what
you are advocating. (hee, hee)
and you, like many other cypherpunks and cyberspace weasels, have a whine-and-shriek-from-the-shadows bent.
BTW, I reject the claim by some here (e.g. TCM) that the supposed change in
direction at EFF implies that such an organization is inherently
top-heavy and will fail in comparison to cypherpunk guerilla-style
"technology deployment."  it seems to me both the cpunk philosophy
and the EFF philosophy can coexist, and I really get tired of people
who can't think past a "only one can exist" worldview.
I also don't understand the anonymity fight by cpunks. it's the
wrong battle imho. ask any remailer operators how their services
are panning out. they will complain of the incessant spam and
increasing litigious pressure. I don't see any technological solutions to these problems. if there were, they'd have been invented now. let's face it, anonymity is a pain in the ass
to support. maybe there are other goals that are more crucial
that lie at the heart of anonymity. what cpunks are really
seaking is  "assurance of freedom from retribution". when the
problem is phrased more openly like that, other solutions become
possible and worth consideration. anonymity is only one such
way to achieve this goal. I for one would like to see more
experimentation with reputation systems. "aw gee, nobody knows what
one would look like". well, that's the point.

@_date: 1996-09-04 06:09:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
that's my point. an entity that is willing to put its
reputation on the line is inherently more valuable than one that
is not, imho. all the EFF members have good public track records.
what EFF has accomplished is checkered, like any battle-scarred
infrantry will experience. if you expect unadulterated success,
you're not living in the same reality everyone else around here
granted, EFF has made some serious compromises in their agenda.
they're finding their identity. but it doesn't help to have people
rant at them and ignore their notable successes, and tend to criticize
them merely because they're a public target.
whenever you criticize something, please keep in mind the basic
qualification: what is a better alternative? sure, EFF hasn't had
stellar success, but then, who has in the agenda they are pursuing?
their goals are extremely ambitious and difficult in the current
climate. lack of success is proof of the difficulty, not of any
incompetence, as I wrote. when you begin to understand this, you
won't alienate those you are critical of. EFF members are *tremendously*
open to positive comments. instead you harangue them and lose their
good will to the point that they may tend to ignore cpunk comments
entirely because of your very poor example.
why don't you start one then? what you seem to fail to adequately
understand is that there is virtually no organization in the world
that is free from the difficulties you describe. whenever you have
multiple people working together, you aren't going to have clear-cut
successes. cpunks are always yelling at anything resembling organization,
which really annoys me. EFF has had tremendous powerful successes in
areas you are conveniently overlooking, in areas that are hard
to measure, such as increasing public awareness. can you make a good
case that EFF has had no positive effect? we may be living in a much
darker reality without them.
our congress does not have this property after centuries of trying.
why should a private organization totally transcend it? face it,
getting things done in this world can be awfully tricky at times.
you make it sound like attacking Clipper or stopping any of the
legislation that has made its way into congress is a trivial endeavor. go ahead, please create a counterexample.
you can criticize an organization without implying the people who contribute
to it are incompetent, a distinction that has subtly eluded you so far.
no matter what they decide, they will be flamed by someone such as
yourself. they do have an agenda.
the EFF ranting is periodic, and your own sour comments are a repeated feature of this list. who *are* you? why are you so
critical of everything in existence? based on previous rants,
you're a habitual sourpuss.
again, you are presuming that anonymity is key to their mission.
that's a big leap of faith. there is room for honest disagreement.
you haven't heard of their agenda personally, so you are assuming there is none. from what I have seen, there is a reasonably cohesive agenda going on, and I'm not, like yourself, assuming
that it doesn't exist merely because I haven't seen it blared in
a noisy advertisement somewhere.
I agree with some of the EFF member's comments: anonymity could
be a very serious quagmire to support. there are probably better
trees to bark up.
of course, the interpretation of what is a threat is subjective.
EFF has lobbied against many of the bills you mention. again, I think
you're being unfair in assuming merely because you haven't heard
of them accomplishing anything, they haven't.
ah, the fundamental illusion that is going on here. discussion alone
is WORTHLESS in changing the world. yet we have REAMS of it on the
cpunk list. I'd say EFF has *acted* and put enormous effort into
its agenda. but it is invisible because its not easily quantified.
ask them how many pamphlets they have printed for the public, how
much mail they have sent out to members informing them of
developments, etc.  consider the high-quality EFF newsletter. is there anything like that in the cpunk area? frankly I think your
comparing cpunks to EFF is really laughable. they are not even in
the same ballpark. it only shows how warped your concept is of what
an "accomplishment" is.
no, as I stated, criticism is great, but yours is written in such a
way as to imply your target is incompetent. your tone has changed
significantly in your letter now that I have challenged you on it.
EFF hasn't done much for anyone who hasn't paid their dues..
your legal summaries are impressive. your rabid criticisms leave
a sour taste in my mouth. measured criticism, I can deal with.
really, an opinion without attribution is not worth as much as
one with it. there's no escaping this simple concept. I agree that
a pseudonym can gain a reputation, but yours has very little
associated with it to qualify criticism of EFF imho. so you have
posted regularly to the cpunk list. big deal.
EFF has changed its direction from working in washington. a straw man
statement if I ever heard one.

@_date: 1996-09-04 05:59:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
agree with all of BS's points...
I suspect all these items can be accomplished using means other
than anonymous remailers. anonymous remailers are a good start,
but possibly there is still technology waiting to be invented to
support some of these features.
one possibility that I'm very interested in: consider that
Usenet was not built from the ground-up to support anonymity,
nor was the sendmail system. when anonymity was introduced to
Usenet, everyone went crazy, and it was only marginally supported.
I think I may work on some technical proposals along these lines
for future posting here, because much of this dialogue has me thinking.
what cpunks might consider doing is creating an alternative message
distribution system like Usenet that starts from the premise that
anonymous communication is allowed and trying to grow it.
btw, McCullagh's and other's claims about "ghettoization" of anonymity strike me as very specious. as long as people can use
anonymity in some forum they want, I think that's acceptable. what's
the equivalent of a "ghetto" in cyberspace? you can't go into
a meeting of professionals wearing a ski mask, although you might
be able to create such a forum yourself. does that mean you are
in some kind of a "ghetto"?  oh, brother.

@_date: 1996-09-05 06:25:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
jim bell amusing the way you phrase that-- you didn't say, "phone", but "pay phone". the statement used to hold in general for all "phones", but
then caller id, caller blocking, etc. have been introduced that
make this no longer true. so in a very real sense, anonymity in the phone system was considered a "problem" by some that has been
"solved" or "modified" by some recent advancements. (yes, most people
agree caller ID is an advancement).
I think cpunks should hold the view that communication is a matter
of mutual consent between sender and receiver. if a receiver says,
"I don't want any anonymous messages", then should be able to block them.
this is essentially what is happening with the remailers *right*now*,
if you ask any remailer operator. people ask not to receive anonymous
mail, and are put on the blocking lists. imho only the extremists are arguing,
and have always argued, that they should have some ability to put
an anonymous message in front of someone else against their will.
this basic rule becomes more murky when you look at public forums,
because you can't really say whether given individuals reading them want to
hear something anonymous or not. by designing the forum beforehand
to force the situation, you solve this problem. I do believe that in the future there will be all types of forums: those in which identity is required, those in which it is optional, and those in
which it is always cloaked. this is eminently reasonable imho.
those who argue against one of the above's existence (such as saying it involves a ghettoization
of anonymity, that there should always be an ability to be anonymous
in any communication setting) are extremists imho.
the above is almost exactly what Dyson was saying, and I have been
advocating this position for a long time. again, I think anyone who rejects
the above is an extremist. there are different ways to support or restrict
anonymity, some of them extremist. those who argue for no restrictions
anywhere don't have a clue about reality imho.

@_date: 1996-09-05 06:43:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: flimflamery on anonymity 
james donald:
(last line is sarcasm for the sarcasm impaired)
a cpunk position I have seen repeated often. it goes along a very
simplistic line of reasoning that I have seen TCM evoke repeatedly.
it rather annoys me. it goes like this:
cyberspace is merely discussion between people. anonymity should
be allowed anywhere there are discussions (its a free speech issue). therefore it should be possible everywhere in cyberspace.
this idea lacks a lot of subtlety in thought and to my mind is
tremendously simplistic. first, it suggests that cyberspace as
we now see it is the way it will always be. but that is ridiculous.
what we have today in cyberspace is something like a sophomoric
debate society. it's gradually increasing in professionalism with
the rise of web sites etc.
cyberspace is going to grow to become a lot more than a debate
society, and is in this progress right now. whenever challenged
on anonymity in certain contexts, the extremist cpunk position
is to blur the issue into one of free speech. but the issue is
much different if we are talking about a professional situation.
scientists demand that each other be "accountable" for their
work, for example, and pseudonymous publication simply would
not be acceptable.
cpunks will also argue that anonymity can suffice for any business transaction. that may be so, but what about a business
that simply says, "we choose to require identity among our
customers, and you can go elsewhere if you disagree". the extremist cypherpunks would be in a quandary over this example,
because they think they can support anarchocapitalist freedom and anonymity at the same time. they will argue that
such a business will one day not exist. but shouldn't a business be free to make this decision? rabid cpunks would probably argue against such a decision.
cyberspace as a whole is *not* going to lead to a totlal motion
away from physical identity. in some ways physical identity will
be more strictly enforced in cyberspace, in "some regions".
there will be other regions of cyberspace in which "anything goes".
anyway, I want to emphasize my main point, that *anonymity* is
not merely about debate societies. it's about human interaction.
any time two or more humans interact in a host of ways that
go beyond communication (such as business transactions, professional
societies, etc) its going far beyond mere speech.
of course in the cpunk mailing list, who cares if there are
anonymous/pseudonymous participants? but using this as a metaphor
for anonymity in general shows a pathetic lack of sophistication
in thinking, imho. there is nothing at stake here on this mailing
list except reputations and egos. but far more is at stake
in the "real world" and the risks posed by anonymity will be
adequately diluted because of this. and it won't be by people
who are all "f***ing statists"-- it will be by reasonable people
such as those who head EFF, who are interested in a civilized
"cryptoanarchy"--? if what is being connoted by this is no one knowing
anyone else's true identity-- sure, in places, if you go looking for them. but it will be the invisible underside, not the mainstream of society.

@_date: 1996-09-06 21:33:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Disclosure of True Names 
well, I was satirizing the "extremist cpunk position" which is stronger
than the above. I noticed you didn't use the cpunk four-letter-word,
"we", but used a nearly equivalent construction.
I have seen it repeated here often that somehow anonymity is some kind
of a "right" that one should have in all kinds of different & important
transactions, not merely on "cyberspace debate societies". I see
here frequently the implication that *private*entities* that want to
enforce identity in their own transactions are somehow implementing
a corrupt, orwellian system. it sounded to me like that was all
Dyson was advocating.
also, I think you are being slightly disingenuous in masking your own
and other cpunks major objections to traceability, with the above,
"this is all we really want". what about situations
where the government requires you to give a physical identity for
some kind of a license etc? do you think there are no such valid
situations? is there any role for a government whatsoever in CryptoAnarchist Utopia and if so, is there any situation in which
demanding physical identity is reasonable?
it's clear Dyson hasn't totally thought out her position on anonymity. imho you are reading too much into her existing positions. because of your
government paranoia, you assume that when someone says they want
traceability, they are implying they want the government to
enforce it in all situations. that's what something like what Dyson has been referring to would suggest
to me. that is, that's exactly the system she sounded like she was
loosely advocating.
 I surmise, though,
Denning, yes; Dyson, I don't think so. remember Dyson has written
extensively on the subject of "the end of copyright" in some very
interesting essays and ideas. one major reason you would want to
enforce traceability in cyberspace would be to prevent copyright
infringement. so by attacking or "reforming" the concept of copyright, I'd say Dyson is very close to cpunk agendas and ideals
from what I have loosely seen.
there is something I've observed among extremists. by arguing
for an extreme position, they tend to polarize the world and
push away proposals that may actually benefit themselves in the
long run. in other words, a system A that is "close" to their
goals comes along, and if implemented would support them with
some minor compromises. but the extremists, such as there are
many on this list, say, "A is not good enough for us". but
then the window of opportunity is closed, and all future
proposals B, C, D, etc. are even worse and one may even
get implemented. so it becomes very important to "know when to
settle". extremists think that they are promoting their goals
when they reject anything less than perfect, when in fact they
may be sabotaging their own agenda in doing so.
one example I have brought up before: the post office is
setting up a digital signature system. it could be a good
way for cpunks to educate the public, to get crypto to the
masses, and to put in safeguards
that prevent misuse and try to guarantee it will be voluntary.
but intead they flame it as the beginning of Big Brother.
the problem is the mindset that "if its associated with government,
it is evil".  this can be self-sabotaging. but again I'm arguing
in subtleties that few here will grasp so I think I'll just
quit while I'm behind

@_date: 1996-09-08 05:46:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Junk Phone Calls, Metered Usage, and Cellphones 
more and more I think the problem of "junk info" which we keep running
into on this list is of key importance
to future information technologies. loosely translated, I would call
this the same problem that rears its head in many different information
transfer formats. spam in newsgroups, junk mail in the email box, sales calls on the phone. can it be solved? caller ID is in one sense a
solution to this problem. I suspect we will be seeing increasingly
sophisticated solutions.
in short, imagine a communication system with various entities.
this could be a newsgroup, a phone system, an email system, etc.
the fundamental problem is allowing the transfer of information that
is "approved" by consenting parties, and rejecting the transfer
of information (and preventing denial-of-service attack) for anything otherwise.  a very tricky problem, because the value
of information is subjective in the eyes of sender and receiver,
and often people want to receive information and cannot tell whether
they want it or not until they see it.
for cpunks, there are additional goals. ideally pseudonymous communication or anonymous communication would be allowed.
for the phone problem, one possible way of solving this is to
have passwords. in addition to giving out your cell phone number,
you give the person a digital password. you are free to vary this
password yourself for multiple entities. they have to enter the
right password for the call to go through (or for any charges
to accrue). if you get junk calls, you at least know the individual
password that was "compromised". you can reject that password
in the future as being "dirty" and hand out a new password via
your trusted channels to anyone who tells you they can't get
through to you any more (and you don't necessarily want that
to stay that way ).
this system is remarkably similar to the way that intelligence
agencies work, with their agents and spies. they deal with the problem of knowing which channels have been "compromised" and
working with countermeasures. in fact I suspect
that the intelligence community has developed very sophisticated
ways of dealing with information transfer and "spoofing" (bad data so
to speak) that might have major applications to the design of future such a system could be applied to email. I send out email passwords
to my trusted associates (they might even be included in the email
address itself). email that doesn't have a proper password I could
either delete or put into the "low priority" bin. unfortunately
this restricts email whereas one of the great aspects of email
is its lack of controls and preventions in contacting people.
but notice that one could still have a lot of relative freedom
in this system. suppose that I gave a lecture to a large audience
of people. I could then create a new password for that audience,
and release it to them. if I get email under that password, I know
it was somehow from someone in that audience, and it would be
worth more to my attention, so to speak, than junk email. it has
slightly more value than being totally "out-of-the-blue anonymous". if the address became too popular, or got into the hands
of a marketer, I could hook it up to a form
letter or disconnect it.
in a sense this would be like something like having the ability to create or disconnect multiple phone numbers whenever you want.
I suspect such systems will become more prevalent in the future.
whenever you interface with other people, you will be given
the opportunity to put it under your own personal "information
channel" of choice. "inquiries on this subject should be addressed
to [x]".
a similar mechanism is used by advertisers to gauge the efficacy
of their advertising. they say in the ad, "mention this ad to
get [x]". this is setting up an independent information channel
for identification. they also might set up a separate phone number for a given advertisement, and see how much traffic they
get through that phone number independently. all this is
invisible to the customer.
the "junk info" problem becomes much more difficult to solve
with public forums such as newsgroups, and the above approach
would not seem to apply.
others have proposed solutions that are related to packaging
money in messages. "I will pay you 5 cents to read this message"
which can be collected upon opening it. a very interesting
proposal I think we will see actually put into practice.
I suspect we will continue to see interesting innovations that
focus on the problems of information dissemination. it's amazing
how far we are into the information age without some key
problems being solved yet. plenty of room for some innovative
thoughts. I continue to believe there are some elegant solutions
waiting to be found.

@_date: 1996-09-11 10:29:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: O'Reilly supports secure web server standards 
For Release September 10, 1996		
Ellen Elias
(707)829-0515 ext. 322
O'REILLY'S WEBSITE PROFESSIONAL ADDS SECURITY CAPABILITIES WITH
TERISA'S NEW DIGITAL SIGNATURE TECHNOLOGY
Sebastopol, CA--O'Reilly & Associates announced today that its WebSite
Professional(TM) product will support Terisa Systems SecureWeb
Documents(TM) (SWD) client. Terisa's software is provided as a browser
plug-in that works with WebSite Professional's enhanced server security
Terisa Systems SecureWeb Documents client, a pioneering technology that
enables Netscape browser users to send and receive verifiable Internet
documents, is currently in beta and due to ship Q496. These documents
are managed and stored on an enhanced security server such as WebSite
Professional. SWD, which plugs into the Netscape browser, is based on
the Secure HTTP (S-HTTP) cryptographic protocol standard, developed by
Terisa Systems. WebSite Professional's built-in S-HTTP support on the
server side works hand-in-glove with the SWD tool on the browser side.
Together, they enable a Web administrator to provide Web documents
which are safer than paper: readable only by specified users, from the
right source, and exactly as provided. SecureWeb Documents enables a
Web administrator to determine the exact visitors to a given site, with
the visitors' permission.
WebSite Professional is the first and only server currently supporting
Terisa's standards-based digital signature technology for the World
Wide Web. It is also one of the only leading servers to have built-in
S-HTTP security. In contrast with SSL, which establishes security at
the connection level, S-HTTP establishes security at the document
level. S-HTTP provides a range of security options for documents, from
digital signatures, as in SWD, to encryption.  "SecureWeb Document and WebSite Professional together make electronic
commerce, as well as general document serving, much more secure for Web
server users and their site visitors," says Gina Blaber, Director of
Software Products at O'Reilly. "Our long history with Terisa Systems
underscores our mutual commitment to pushing the Web's capabilities
forward. SWD and WebSite Professional are among the very few Web
products that support S-HTTP, an important technology which greatly
increases security standards on the Web." In July, 1996, the Forrester report on Web Security stated: "In the
on-line world there is no sure way to know who is on the other end of
the network. In the physical world, consumers use identification cards
to prove their identity.  There are two critical pieces of technology
that solve this problem in the on-line world: 1) Digital Certificates
and 2) Digital Signatures." WebSite Professional and Terisa's SWD
combine to offer this critical technology in an affordable, useable
package on the Windows platform. About WebSite Professional
WebSite Professional, the second generation of the award-winning server
software WebSite, runs on Windows NT and 95. Its ease of use,
documentation, and features have been widely praised. In addition to
cryptographic security, WebSite Pro includes support for a wide range
of programming applications, Open Data Base Connectivity (ODBC)/SQL
integration through Cold Fusion Standard, a server-side Java
programming environment, three comprehensive books, and four software
development kits.  WebSite Professional also includes all the features of its predecessor
WebSite 1.1, including the HotDog Standard HTML editor, WebView
graphical document and link viewer, and the Mosaic browser. Both are
products of O'Reilly & Associates, developed in cooperation with
independent developer Robert Denny and Enterprise Integration
Technologies (EIT), Inc./Verifone.
WebSite Professional's list price is $499, with upgrade pricing for
WebSite 1.1 customers available from O'Reilly for $99.  O'Reilly
Software Online ( contains more information
about WebSite Professional, as well as O'Reilly's other software
products.  About O'Reilly & Associates O'Reilly & Associates is recognized worldwide for its definitive books
on the Internet and UNIX, and for its development of online content and
software. O'Reilly developed the Global Network Navigator (GNN), a
pioneering web-based publication which it sold to America Online in
June, 1995. In addition to WebSite Professional and WebSite, the
company's other software products include WebBoard, a web-based
multi-threaded conferencing system, PolyForm, a web forms construction
kit, and Statisphere, a web traffic analyzer (to be released this
About Terisa Systems Terisa Systems, Inc., based in Los Altos, Calif., was formed in 1995 to
provide unified communications security solutions for the WWW. In early
1995, leading industry players such as America Online, CompuServe,
IBM/Prodigy, Netscape, RSA and VeriFone/EIT forged a common commitment
to WWW security by agreeing to pool both investment and technology in
Terisa Systems. Terisa Systems' mission is to create tools and
applications technologies that make secure Internet commerce possible.
Terisa Systems' customers and partners are WWW-based application
developers and vendors of commercial online services such as AOL,
CompuServe/SPRY, Novell, OpenMarket, O'Reilly & Associates, and Process
Software. The company is privately held. For more information on Terisa
Systems, visit   WebSite Professional, WebSite, WebBoard, PolyForm, and Statisphere are
trademarks of O'Reilly & Associates, Inc.  All other names are
registered trademarks or trademarks of their respective companies.

@_date: 1996-09-18 14:13:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Diffie Hellman - logs in Galois fields 
heh. I'll answer anyway.
what is 'k'? there are N elements in the field as I understand
the terminology.
the short answer is that all the operations are redefined
somewhat to analogous operations that map into the range of integers.
division is not defined for results that are not integers.
actually division is replaced with an operation called "finding
the inverse mod n".
actually, this is a very important question that already gets
to the limits of current knowledge. the short answer
is that there is *no*proof* that this problem is "hard". in
fact such proofs are somewhat rare and exist mostly for contrived
problems. in computational theory what one does is prove that
your problem is at least as difficult as some other famous
problem that many people have tried to find efficient solutions
but have failed. this is called "NP Complete". as far as I know
there is no proof that "taking logs in a finite field" is
actually "hard". in fact there is no proof that factoring (an
equivalent form of the problem) is "hard" or even a proof that it is np most of this stuff is in the cryptography faq out there in
cyberspace. I am writing in hopes that someone might amend
the above by posting the latest academic thinking on the difficulty of factoring.

@_date: 1996-09-18 14:32:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The GAK Momentum is Building... 
again, more black/white cpunk thought that goes along the lines,
"unless we have won everything, we have lost everything".
you guys are awfully cynical. clipper has failed its original
objectives by miles. the last-ditch efforts by bureacrats to
get some semblance of "key escrow" from recent developments
are increasingly pathetic.
I'd say the significant dilution of clipper over the years
is a very strong victory for pro-privacy, pro-cryptography
the Clipper proposals are increasingly moving into the
area of "key management". large companies will always
want key management features, to deal with employees who
forget passwords, leave the company, etc.-- face it, this
is a simple reality. essentially all the latest
moves amount to, imho, is the government trying to get
its fingers into these key management infrastructures.
so the recent stuff that is emerging, I would hesitate
to call "gak". it sounds more like "gaki", or government
access to key infrastructures. these infrastructures are
going to be built up regardless of what cpunks wish-- private businesses simply must have them. frankly all it
looks like to me is the government saying, "we reserve
the right to subpoena keys". this will always be the case.
bureacrats are always trying to pass new laws when old
ones already apply.
again, more simplistic summaries. there is a whole range of
evil proposals that the government could be involved in, and
we have to begin to discriminate between them. the government
could be the sole manager of all key infrastructures and the
entity that licenses all crypto for any use-- that
I would consider total worse case reality.  or the government
could have tentacles stuck into key infrastructures that
businesses build up. the latter is not quite as odious or
threatening. in fact it simply sounds like the government
saying, "we reserve the right to subpoena keys". (of course
the latter could always evolve into the former. I suppose
the cynics would contend that it is inevitable.)

@_date: 1996-09-18 13:51:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: timmy waxes a widdle on AP 
I always thought you hated to discuss AP because you didn't want
to appear overly knowledgeable on the subject.. heh heh
hmmm, interesting points. sounds like a *lucrative* business. perhaps even some major *investment*opportunities* involved, eh!!!
but I'm still a bit confused about those prices. what determines
them, anyway? risk to the assassin? it seems that it ought to be
as easy to snuff out one person as it would another. e.g. everybody
walks alone out at night at different times, it seems.
perhaps we have some assassins that are offering some kind of
"value added" services to justify the difference in pricings.
otherwise, it would seem to be a scam just like IBM did with
one of their printers-- have a version that has a "slowdown
chip" in it and charge less for that one. charging what the
market will bear regardless of cost so to speak...
since you are so open to discussion of the subject, would you care to speculate on the cost of, say, a person
who has a large stock portfolio? or how about a cyberspace
crackpot? I guess the latter would go for something like $100
on your sliding scale and the former for 100K+, maybe?
do you have to pay different amounts of money whether you want
a special kind of arrangement like a slow, agonizing demise?
does that cost more or less than the quick and deadly type?
I must admit I'm new to the concept and could definitely use
some input from someone with some obvious knowledge on the
subject such as yourself.
I do rather like Jim Bell's ideas of pools however. maybe not
have a betting pool, but just a pool of contributions from multiple
"donors". do you think that idea has no merit? it seems like there
ought to be all kinds of uplifting applications of that arrangement, hmmmm?
so who are your "sources" for those estimates, anyway, timmy?
hee, hee. be vewry carefwul!!! we're hunting wabbits!!!!

@_date: 1996-09-18 14:59:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The GAK Momentum is Building... 
[business key management plans/infrastructures]
the distinction lies in the terminology. what does it mean, "required
part of the plan". if it essentially amounts to nothing more than the government saying, "you must give us keys when we present you
with a subpoena/warrant", then that's no different than the system
we have today. again, granted, laws specifically aimed at crypto
can tend to take up a life off their own. but my main point was
that the gloom-and-doom peddled by you and lucky green over clipper
just doesn't mesh with the actual events. the government has visibly had to *backpeddle* *numerous* times in all of its clipper proposals. I see no evidence that the latest proposals
are going to be any different. what annoys me is people who are
crying wolf all the time, and even when it seems there are no
wolves around, or they have temporarily receded,
they say, "I told you so". "the wolves really are going to
devour you, just you wait and see"
 And, as has been noted so many times by so many of us, whatever
this doesn't parse to me. the simple situation that may occur:
employee [x] creates a key on behalf of company [y]. employee
[x] forgets or misplaces the key. company [y] needs to retrieve
key, and cannot go to other company to get it (imagine situations
such as encrypted internal files, for example, although it holds
equally well for communications-- it would be very embarrassing
to ask another company for the key to decode something you sent
them because you misplaced it). I think cpunks tend to blur and obfuscate this use of crypto-- i.e. nonpersonal use within companies.
what you seem to be saying is that companies should not have to
escrow keys involving communications. i.e. the communications
should be readable only between the communicators. but this makes
no sense to me either. companies wish to have permanent record
of all official correspondence. they don't send messages and then
don't keep them around, like guerilla cypherpunks spend all day
doing. ("YIKES!!! that msg has been on my hard drive 5 minutes!!
better delete it FAST")
bzzzt. "actual communications" == records of transactions between
companies. we are talking about everything that companies send back
and forth: bills, contracts, agreements, etc.-- virtually everything
that companies send each other, they keep on permanent record.
 The NSA and FBI, however,
hmmmm, this distinction you are now promoting of communication keys,
vs. whatever other kind their are (backups?) is something I've not
noticed you or others emphasize before, I would have to think about it.
frankly I don't see a whole lot of difference between what you are
calling "communication" keys and whatever else crypto is used for.
look, consider this: the government got its tentacles into every
business key database in existence, in the sense they can easily
open them when they get wiretaps/warrants. yet individuals were still free
to send crypto everywhere. how would this be much different than
today's system, other than that the government has more efficient
access once the order is granted?
that's a big, big leap, the kind that cpunks always love to make to
sell you on the dystopian orwellian nightmare they are always ranting
about.  the things that companies use keys for can be pretty different from
what individuals would use them for. the government can already get
any info it wants through a subpoena or warrant from a company, and
they will comply. how is this different than what you are referring to?
you are making a leap that if companies have internal key infrastructures
to protect their information, that the restrictions on them will automatically
carry over to private communications between individuals such as in
e.g. a telephone like scenario.
look, we already today accept that employee's liberties do not necessarily hold within a company. the concepts of "freedom of speech," "privacy" etc. do not necessary hold within companies.
I hate the misuse and abuse of the english language in Orwellian fashion (The Great Plan to Protect the Integrity of Data Communications)
as much as you do, but there are some very significant distinctions
that are being glossed over. the new proposals are radically more
diffused than the original clipper plan imho. the government is
clearly in the process of backpeddaling. it's got all the
signs of desperation imho. if they didn't succeed
with the original clipper, what makes you think the more recent
proposals are all that sinister and likely of succeeding? you evade my basic point: perhaps in all the key escrow language
in the bills, it would all boil down in practice to, if we
have a subpoena or a warrant, you have to give us the keys. how
is that different than what we have now?
cpunks -- I am not an apologist for clipper. but I want everyone
to realize that to promote crypto, you have to intrinsically
support some things like a robust key infrastructure. who
is going to provide it? do you think that whoever does will
be *exempt* from warrants and subpoenas? that is not a system
that we have now, nor is it likely we ever will. moreover, few
but only the most ardent extremists would argue such a system
would be incompatible with "freedom" as we understand it in this country.
"government == evil" is a very simplistic outlook in life that
can come back to bite you bigtime, imho. there are some people
in government that share cpunk views and could do some good
if they weren't lumped in with the evil spooks who really are
trying to enslave humanity (hee, hee)

@_date: 1996-09-19 11:55:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: GAK, GAP, GAY 
its worth noting that mapping the human genome is related to health records and privacy issues. essentially scientists have
made tremendous progress in mapping out what diseases are caused
by what genes. much of this is done with the power of correlating
gene mutations with actual health records among the population,
the more the better.
science progresses on openness. there are legitimate reasons to
have large databases of private records. I do believe such things
could be accomplished while protecting the privacy of individuals
yet giving the benefits to researchers.  imagine the concepts
of blinding and zero-knowledge protocols applied to health databases.
it seems reasonable that this can be worked out.
one interesting idea: imagine a system in which "blinding" is an accepted and basic form of interaction between patients and
doctors. the patients give only a self-generated ID to the
health care provider. the system is set up such that the provider can do all functions necessary to them (keeping
records, billing the insurance company) through the "blinding" process. this has a lot of potential. it seems
that we could take the blinding process and possibly push
for it to be an accepted way of doing business.
there's a lot of use for someone to do what Chaum has
done for digital cash, i.e. show that all operations necessary to commerce can be supported via blinding-- taking
that kind of mapping, and moving it into all other areas
of human endeavor. even just rewriting his own papers
to be specific to particular fields like the health
arena would be a breakthrough at the moment.
p.s. I fail to see why calling you "timmy" is considered
an ad hominem attack. quite to the contrary, I assure you
it is a term of endearment

@_date: 1996-09-24 06:42:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: possible solution to cyber S/N 
I've written many times on the problem of signal to noise
here in cyberspace and have tried to think through some
elegant solutions to this very vexing problem.
moments ago I just came up with an intense brainstorm
fully worthy of sharing with the list .
it's clear that the web functions very much like a directed
graph in many ways. sites and traffic between them are one
graph. however, another graph involves thinking of each
page or "article" on the web as a single node in the graph,
and hyperlinks as the edges between the nodes.
what we have today is a directed graph in which one can
follow the forward direction of hyperlinks very readily.
however, it is much more difficult to follow the reverse
direction, i.e. find "all the sites that reference this paper".
of course this is part of the beauty of the web, that anyone
can link to anyone without actually having to register or
something like that.
the "referrer log" feature on a server is a mechanism that
does allow a server to get some idea of who is linked
up to that site.
the basic idea I have is that references are an excellent
way of discriminating Signal to Noise and are used routinely
in the scientific arena. a paper that is pivotal and influential
is referred to ad infinitum. obscure papers are forgotten and
never referred to in subsequent literature.
taking this idea to the cyberspace arena, the application is
immediately obvious-- pages that are linked to by a lot of other pages are valuable, those that are not are not as
(another closely related idea is how much hit traffic a web site
gets-- wouldn't it be a *tremendous* improvement in the current
search engines if they returned the pages ranked according to how
many hits they get per time?)
there are some problems with all the above, however. currently
only the site that actually houses the pages can keep track of hits, and referrers are not very well kept track of at
all. in a robust system, cheating, such as reporting more hits
than one is getting, would not be possible.
anyway, I tend to think that future S/N problems in cyberspace
are increasingly going to be solved in some particular ways
that are just now being tried out:
1. rating agencies. agencies that both reject and find "cool stuff"
(like Point Communications etc.)
2. hit statistics. how many people are hitting various pages? if
we could get an arbitron-like system that works the same way that
newsgroup readerships are now reported (each site compiles statistics
and sends them to centralized databases) we could have search
engines that rank results according to hit statistics. I'm not
saying it would be perfect, and there are all kinds of obvious
nitpicky things that people here will harp on, but I still insist
it would be better than no statistics at all.
eventually a system like this that involved voluntary submissions of
hit counts to the centralized servers (or just some way of search
engines to get hit statistics from servers about the pages they
own/serve) may evolve into a more robust system that makes cheating
impossible (such as falsely reporting a high hit count to attract
people to the site).
3. linking statistics. again, I think this is an extremely powerful
way of separating signal from noise-- how many other sites are
linked to the page in question? if it has few links, it isn't
as interesting, if a lot of other people point to it, it's far more
I encourage system designers to keep some of these ideas in mind
when they are working on the current generation of software tools
such as search engines etc.  in particular there is a tremendous amount
of innovation going on right now between search engine designers, and
adopting some of the above ideas into a search engine might be a very
powerful way of distinguishing it from the "competition" by returning
more useable search results to the end user.
again, I suspect we will be seeing increasingly ingenious and efficacious
ways of dealing with what today is the horrible S/N problem. perhaps
today will be thought of as the dark age of cyberspace because of
all the muck we are routinely wading through

@_date: 1996-10-02 10:40:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: new mailing list: solving spam problem 
a new list dedicated to trying to solve the problem of spam
just popped up, and may be of interest to some here--
------- Forwarded Message
I've decided to take some initiative and set up a real mailing list for the discussion on spamming. I would like to see us take some sort of action at the next IETF and maybe get some rough ideas about what is and/or isn't possible in dealing with this problem. If you would like to join the mailing list send mail to
   majordomo
   subscribe spam-list [prefered address]
in the body. If you have any problems subscribing let me know. Also, this mailing list superceeds the one I set up and announced around an hour ago. Anyone who has alrteady sent requests to that mailing list will be added to this new Chris Rapier
Senior Sysadmin/Cabin Boy 2nd Class
Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center
MI 230B
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1996-10-04 12:04:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: gack vs. key escrow vs. key recovery 
cpunks, a note about recent developments in "key recovery" initiative.
I think cpunks as a group should reconsider very seriously their
own positions on cryptography and come up with something more
sophisticated than "any government bill or plan associated with
crypto is evil" which is the functional equivalent of the ideology
behind many recent posts.
what is the precise difference between gack, key escrow, and
key recovery? TCM has argued that the administration is muddying
the issue by manipulating the terminology. perhaps so, but I feel
that cpunks are equally guilty, by branding anything that emanates
out of the government as inherently orwellian. do you always have
to have an enemy? is the government always going to be your enemy, no matter what they do?
I have posted here before that many companies find the concept
of "key recovery" highly acceptable and even desirable. the basic question is, what does this mean to wiretapping and search warrants and subpoenas?
it is clear we are coming to a fork in the road at this moment.
there are going to be two types of cpunk opinions based on recent
1. those who feel that wiretapping was illegitimate from the
start and are working to make wiretapping impossible. confronted
with a legal search warrant/subpoena etc. for personal data, they would not hand over keys. they would "superencrypt" in
systems that do etc.
2. those who feel that there is such a thing as a legal warrant
or subpoena for information protected by cryptography keys, and
would agree that this logically means that governments will be
getting access to "key recovery" infrastructures.
personally I am leaning toward 2, because I feel that we already
live in such a society, and that it is not orwellian. companies are
going to lean toward (2). I do agree
that the gov't has the potential to twist this process to evil
ends, but that has always been true of everything about democratic
government, and the recipe for 200+ years has always been
and remains "eternal vigilance". in other words, I am in favor
of some kind of mechanism by which the government can obtain
keys via subpoenas/warrants.
cpunks, I think we should try to clarify our terms and come to
some conclusions. those who continue to pursue (1) are going to be perceived as
more and more radical and extremist, because arguably it is not
even a system we have today or one that was ever devised.
remember, the constution guarantees
freedom from *unreasonable* search and seizure, but never
prohibited search and seizure in the first place!! apparently
at least our found fathers believed that "reasonable" search
and seizure was a wholly legitimate function of government,
based on this wording.
regarding (2): the government may actually help bring crypto
to the masses via the post office and other routes. are
cpunks going to continue to hold the simplistic, reactionary,
knee-jerk, black-and-white opinion that "anything with the
word 'government' in it is evil"? "if the government is doing
something, then we must sabotage it"?
I'll be watching the debate closely, as the true extremists
incapable of compromise (and thereby living in a fantasy world)
show their colors....

@_date: 1996-10-05 07:05:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
reponses to my last post were very illuminating and
interesting, and one key point by someone-or-other
caught my attention.
he made the distinction of "search and seizure" made with
the knowledge of the person involved, and "search and
seizure" such as wiretapping done without the knowledge
of the person surveilled.
if one were to try to say that wiretapping was unconstitutional,
it seems one would have to define why it is an *unreasonable*
kind of search and seizure. and this distinction might be a
great, prime candidate: because the participant is *unaware*
of the "seizure," there is too great a potential for abuse.
it seems to me many people's fears here boil down to this
fear of the government surveilling them without their knowledge,
of them being denied the right to choose to be in contempt of
court and reject handing over information when presented with
a warrant/subpoena. (is this a right? is it being broken by surreptitious
I am really amazed that there isn't much case law on wiretaps, which
have been around a long time. at least it is rarely quoted here.
what exactly is a legal wiretap? has anyone challenged the fundamental
authority of the government in making wiretaps in which subjects
are unaware of the metaphorical "search and seizure" going on?
recent Bernstein and Junger cases are going to be fantastic milestones
in our legal system for challenging the cryptographic status quo.
I wonder if cpunks might be interested in challenging the wiretap status quo!! it would seem like the first logical step.
the FBI has often said they don't want to expand their powers in wiretapping areas. but are those powers they have right now legitimate?
if they are not, as many here seem to argue, then they ought to be challenged in court ala the one-man-guerilla
attacks like Bernstein and Junger. (any takers? )
anyway, I propose that cpunks try to collect all the minutia in the
case law about wiretaps and try to make the case that wiretapping
that the FBI has enjoyed is itself not legitimate, and therefore
any extension of it (such as Clipper) is also illegitimate.
more and more I wonder if this is one of the key differences between
libertarian and spook bureacrat's views on GAK, key escrow, key
recovery (let us put it all under the heading "key access"). the
spooks seem to emphasize that they should be able to get access
to communications without giving anyone the opportunity to refuse
or possibly even know about such access. libertarians seem to
insist that this is a violation of privacy and due process etc.
I think there may be a legitimate argument here that might have
legal merit that a reasonable "search and seizure" ought to
involve the knowledge of the participant, and that unreasonable
searches and seizures often do not. hence, wiretapping without
suspect agreement may be illegal? (in all the other ways that
evidence is obtained through warrants/subpoenas, one needs
the cooperation of the suspect?)  obviously the government would
argue that the cooperation of the suspect is irrelevant and
impossible. what exactly does it mean to "present a warrant"
or subpoena? is there a right to refuse such a subpoena similar
to the way one is guaranteed freedom from self-incrimination?

@_date: 1996-10-05 07:11:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: DESCrack keyspace partitioning 
of course, any number in the range of a random number
generator is theoretically as likely/unlikely to appear.
however, consider the case in which DES keys are generated
from ascii sequences or words that people enter in at
password prompts, which is in fact how the unix passwd file
word. these obviously have far less randomness
and Gary's attempt to narrow the keyspace is highly also, I took his post as suggesting that some parts of the
keyspace ought to be searched at higher priority than
others. in the above example, keys that correspond to ascii sequences typable on a keyboard should be searched
first in the keyspace.
a lot of systems use DES only in conjuction with a one-time-key
generated for a particular message. (similar to the way
PGP uses IDEA for the session key, and transmits this encoded
key using RSA). in general I would say these could be considered
random in a way that the previous "less-than-random" property
doesn't hold.

@_date: 1996-10-05 15:41:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
sorry, I must have been distracted with the references
to assassinating politicians. (hee, hee)  (BTW, why don't you
get an AP web site together if you are so hot on the idea?
collect all your writing on the subject and the objections
of your enemies. do you believe in it or not? put your web pages
where your mouth is!!)
but then again, if "we the people" didn't challenge a usurpation of
our rights when it happened, something's wrong here. hence my
opinion that wiretapping should be challenged in court.
very poor analogy. a rhetorical loser imho characterisitic of painting the issue in terms of extremism.  wiretapping doesn't involve any physical pain to the surveilled. also it is barely analogous
to "search and seizure" in that there is nothing physical being
seized. (just playing the devil's advocate here)
well, if the person entered in a contract with their phone company
to provide protected communications, maybe you'd have a case there.
in fact such a thing is not such a bad idea. perhaps some would be
willing to pay a premium for phone companies that reject wiretaps
and the whole thing could be solved ala capitalism. perhaps as a
"thousand phone companies bloom" over the next few years this will become a reality, assassin-boy.
on the other hand, there are clear laws that say you can't withhold
evidence. these and the "right not to incriminate" are intertwined.
no, you have it backwards; without real challenges, there is no validity to anyone trying to defeat the status quo.
[bernstein, etc]
no, ITAR has been around a long time and they are challenging it. you're
mixing up the issue.
ah yes, we revert to the basic cypherpunk nihilist position oft repeated
by lucky green, tcmay etc-- "essentially, we're screwed"
interesting and very significant point, one that I was not aware of.
more good legal arguments for challenging "secret wiretaps".
more and more I think cpunks could win on this issue by asserting
that the government doesn't have a right to "*secret* wiretaps" of
the kind they are pushing and ramming down via CALEA. if we got
a court to agree that secret wiretaps are illegitimate, that
leaves the government only with "announced" ones, something
that cpunks find permits an acceptable level of monkeywrenching.
i.e. start making the distinction between the way wiretaps are
secret and the suspect is not ever informed of the wiretapping,
contrary to physical search-and-seizure procedures.

@_date: 1996-10-06 14:16:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
[wiretapping involves total secrecy vs. warrants]
please elaborate.
I find it as ludicrous as you do, but it's the clear insinuation
suggested by hard-core cypherpunks / anarchists in this forum.
I said, "at least it is rarely quoted here", lawyer-boy.
nevertheless, you might not come off as so utterly condescending
and self-pretentious if you gave even the slightest smidgeon
of a reference yourself, instead of preferring to insult a poster.
I propose you try to show some civility in cyberspace for a change.
I wonder why you always revert to sarcasm instead of making
constructive points.
there are no claims, merely ideas as usual. I am not posting to show off my pretentious laywer skills. the cpunks have you for that.
"your work"? apparently it is "my work" to research case law involving
wiretapping now? hmmmmm, my job description must've changed again
while I wasn't looking. @ don't you hate it when that happens!!
Unicorn, instead of posting something that is so utterly devoid of
any informational value, and merely tries to invent new and clever
ways of tangentially, scurrilously insulting someone without directly
addressing a single actual point
involved, why don't you do the obvious and use the
post as a leaping off point to show off your own mastery of the
arcania and minutia of our legal system, such as it was intended?
do you really think you are getting reputation brownie points or
something by doing this? hee, hee.

@_date: 1996-10-08 10:08:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
the point is that many cpunks feel that  warrants and wiretaps and
subpoenas are things to defy. it's a hypocritical double standard
in which they cloth themselves in the wrapping of the constitution
or law whenever it is useful to their arguments, and then advocate criminality,
such as via defying legal warrants etc, whenever the case suits them.
ooops, you fell for Unicorn's muddying misstatement of my question. OBVIOUSLY
there is lots of case law on wiretaps. what I was trying to point out
was that I find little discussion of cases here trying to discredit
wiretap law for various reasons, such as that the wiretapped
person is not informed. the distinction of the person *not*being*informed*
of the wiretap is very important as otehrs here agree, and I would
expect everyone would be familiar with a simple case that gives a decision on it (in much the way many constitutional cases are
regularly quoted) or that people would advocate wiretap law would
be challenged on the basis of the lack of such a precedent case.
no, all I am asking for is lawyers who are familiar with wiretap law
to make a quick case against it based on a commonly-known precedent
within their field. if you don't want to answer, don't post. (Unicorn
is free to flame his testicles off as usual.)
that's an absurd paraphrase of my post. I was focusing on case law
that had certain characteristics-- a simple case that challenged the
validity of wiretapping based on the fact that the participant is
not informed such as with other forms of retrieving evidence
utilized by the court.
I will write on anything I damn well please and research it poorly or
thoroughly as I like, and whisper questions to any lawyers out there who care
to talk about the subject to an interested layman.
you have a lot of good advice, but I ask none of the things you are
attributing to me. I simply would like to carry on a discussion with
a civilized lawyer who specializes in the subject, rather than have
a people tell me why I cannot even do this, and must become a law
specialized before I can even use the word "wiretap" with any the chief point of my post was to question why the EFF etc. are not
at all interested in challenging the wiretap "status quo" in spite
of what many people here believe/advocate-- that wiretapping was
never legitimate in the first place. this is curious because EFF
etc. *are* willing to back up the cryptography cases out there,
ala Bernstein etc.

@_date: 1996-10-08 13:12:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: challenging wiretap law 
alright, let me try to rephrase this.  if you feel the urge
to flame me over a simple post, without actually posting
anything substantial, please avoid it.
I was trying to get at something in a previous post. I
regularly see cpunks here scheming about how to attack
things they don't like using court decisions. I think it's
a great way to try to move the law in a favorable direction I see Bernstein/Junger as really embodying cpunk guerilla-like
tactics in trying to take on the status quo govt using the
legal system. of course this is not cheap, but EFF is helping
out at least, and PRZ proves the public is generally willing to put
its money where its mouth is on these issues. there's also a lot
of scheming over patent laws going on among cylink, RSA data
securities, etc.
the point is that I don't recall seeing this same kind of scheming
against wiretap rules here; if it was here then forgive me, I missed
it. for anyone who would like to, I'd be
very interested in a brief discussion over wiretap laws
and which ones have gone to the supreme court in court challenges.  here's my curiosity: if you were a lawyer, or actually are one, how would you go about challenging the
legitimacy of wiretaps, in the same spirit in which ITAR
is being challenged? note that even if there are court
precedents at "lower" courts, this does not preclude strategizing
to try to take the cases to the supreme court.
I am not asking anyone to do my "homework" for me. I'm merely
proposing that this might be a neat exercise for the collective
cypherpunk brain. of course it won't get far if people rant about
it, but merely discussing existing case law would make a good
and interesting topic imho.  if there are people out there who
are familiar with it and would like to discuss it, and can stand
Unicorn ranting at you no matter what you say, please do-- it would be signal in the noise around here.
challenging these laws in the weak spots
could be a very devastating means of defying law enforcement claims that they only want to "preserve
the status quo" and want "no new authorities to wiretap". could
wiretapping be "nipped in the bud" somehow? there is tremendous
economic incentive for laywers to challenge things like patents
etc, but this same incentive doesn't seem to exist in challenging
wiretap rules. hence I wonder if they have been challenged to the
same extent that  other court decisions have been.
of course,
there are areas where wiretaps have been challenged and the challenges
failed. but that doesn't mean there aren't weak spots that might
exist somewhere that could "crack" it. it's like hacking, a bit, in
this way, hence why I think it would make a good topic for
or would the lawyers assert there are no weak spots in the wiretap
laws? that the issue has been fleshed out as far as it will ever
be in courts? again, what I am trying to suggest is that if there
was a "new angle of attack" not used in any previous wiretap cases,
it's highly relevant. again, merely because certain cases approved
wiretapping does not necessarily mean all future decisions will
support it.

@_date: 1996-10-08 15:50:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
(uhm, for the record, despite whatever appearances,
I am not on Jim-Bell-assassin-boy's side in any debate.)
all lawyers will tell you that the 5th amendment does not preclude you
"handing over evidence" under a warrant. it's a tricky aspect of law. "handing over evidence" makes sense with physical things, but courts/government
are struggling to figure out what it means in the information age.
my objection to Broiles/Unicorn is that they could simply post a few
cases and a summary of what wiretap law is about, esp. with their
legal background rather than flaming
my testicles off for not doing this myself. I agree with you that
people who shout, "you cannot even be allowed to TALK about such things
unless you go to the library, research at least five days, etc"-- I'm
sure that someone else has done this already, and I'm merely giving
an open invitation to them to discuss what they found. that's the beauty
of cyberspace, when it works right, everyone pitches in. you learn
from people who know more than you do, and they learn when you know
more than they do. no one's the authority or monopoly. in dysfunctional places such as this little rats-nest-hell-hole, you
get egotistical people, who perceive you are invading their turf without
beforehand displaying a sufficiently large "qualification", shouting at the top of their lungs that we should not
even discuss such a matter until everyone's credentials in the matter
are settled apriori.  (****size wars!!)
ok assassin boy, I hate to admit it but you have a great point there.
and its a big problem on this list. frankly I believe it has much more
to do with dueling egos than anything else. and the egos always have
been enormously bloated around here. why, it's a great opportunity for
someone to prick the bubbles. one can create quite a stir very easily
in a frothing anarchists-nest, speaking from experience another good example of how  a cpunk extremist ignores law when it
is not in his favor. law will always say that you have to hand
over evidence relevant to a case when compelled by warrant. whether
you can evade such a thing is irrelevant from the legal standpoint. and
what's orwellian about that?
there are two positions:
1. whatever is possible technically goes. if something cannot be
enforced, it should not be illegal. this position is fundamentally
anti-law. whoever uses it cannot legitimately wrap themselves in
constitution protections, because the constitution is the epitome
of law. the govt-assassins would essentially hold this side.
2. people in an orderly society follow laws not because they are compelled
to, but because they recognize that order is maintained through
compliance, and chaos ensues from noncompliance. they change bad
laws using mechanisms built-in within the system to do so.
the point is, either the law of the land is legitimate or not. if it is not
legitimate, you are advocating anarchy and have no business talking about the constitition etc.  if the law is legitimate, you
follow it regardless of whether enforcement is possible, but may work
within the system to change it, e.g. court challenges such as those
I've been advocating.

@_date: 1996-10-09 09:44:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
how about this-- to please you and Unicorn
I'll be very, very careful in the future about insinuating that
anything I have to say is important. (g)
the point of the post was simply, "gosh, here is something that
would be interesting to have a discussion on here, and I don't
recall much of it before on this list, and it seems like some
people here would have some knowledge in the area they might
like to share". of course lack or presence of a response to anything I or anyone
else says here is a pretty meaningless metric. but I was speculating
that there might be some weaknesses in wiretap laws because it didn't
seem like there had been a huge amount of attention focused on them
based on what I've seen on this list-- relative to the *enormous*
attention focused on ITAR case law, software patents (esp. crypto), etc.
a hint to you: lack of response is sufficient to discourage further posting of
"crackpot ideas". responses, even negative ones, tends to encourage them.
laymen regularly have conversations with specialists, with the layman
saying, "now why ...", and the specialist may sometimes say, "y'know,
I'm not sure, I'll have to check on that myself".  there are laymen
and specialists alike on this list. I freely declare myself a layman
on the subject of law, and I think a lot of the bile aimed at me is
by people perceiving that I was somehow insinuating otherwise. part
of the fun of cyberspace imho is seeing the *civilized* discussions that go on between layman and specialists and the information transfer therein. that's the epitome of a FAQ. and if
cpunks in general weren't so elitist and hostile to newcomers, there
might be a FAQ here by now for example. ug, but I don't want to
get into FAQ flames. (of course I am aware of the cyphernomicon, but don't consider it very "faq like")
nothing I said had any crackpot content. if you read carefully, I didn't
say, "there is no major case law on wiretapping" although Unicorn is
attributing similar statements to me. I'm merely saying, "hey guys,
it would be interesting to focus some attention on wiretap case law
in the same way rapt attention is being focused on e.g. ITAR etc."
I fully agree that Bell has some really fringe ideas about the law,
but it was Unicorn who grouped me in with Bell. I find myself agreeing
with some of his points, but nothing regarding novel interpretations
of laws unrecognized by the court system.
for the record, that's something Bell is doing that Unicorn mistakenly
attributed to me. I'm advocating challenging the laws not via anarchy
or technical means but using the built-in
mechanism to do so-- the appeals process.
point well taken.
ahem, no I take pains not to "demonize" them.  (In particular, I'm
whoa, I don't call anything evil and I didn't call wiretaps unconstitutional.
I said that they *might* be, and I'm interesting in exploring arguments
that support that view. there is much example in law of laws that were
passed and considered "constitutional" until they were appealed to the
supreme court. I am asking about similar situations relative to wiretap
law. I'm saying that a supreme court case is about the final straw, and
lacking that, there may be a route to actually legally refuting wiretapping.
what I am saying is that cpunks can't have it both ways. either you
agree with the law or you don't. you can't pick and choose. if you disagree
with the law, you would do things like defy legal warrants using crypto
and refusing to hand over keys even when given a valid subpoena. such
a position is anti-law and anti-constitution imho.
 I think you want someone to write you
sounds like something Bell would do. no, I'm looking for weaknesses in
wiretap law such that a seasoned lawyer might mount an actual legal
case in trying to appeal to the supreme court and get a favorable decision
that rules wiretapping in certain kinds of situations  illegal. there
are definite restrictions on wiretapping based on case law. if one
could demonstrate that these restrictions are exactly those that
are being defied ala clipper, you have a very good case that the
government is trying to *expand* and not merely perpetuate its
so-called wiretapping "authority"
thanks for the reference;
excuse me, this is not "my little project". I take no ownership of
it at all. I post to fire off the neurons of others.
or, 4. the EFF has never seriously considered the possibility of trying to challenge Clipper etc. by challenging wiretap law. that I find more probable than all of the above-- i.e. the thought hasn't yet entered their collective
case in point: Bernstein was pursuing his case for a long time without
any help from the EFF. the EFF did *not* help him from the beginning.
he was on his own for a long time. the EFF decided to help after they
recognized the sheer political value of the case. I would suggest that
there haven't been any high-profile wiretap challenges, so that therefore
the EFF hasn't noticed them and piggybacked on them. I would suggest
that the history is that EFF, unlike say the ACLU, doesn't aggressively
*initiate* the case, but rather piggybacks on an existing case (I'm
not criticizing this, any help is better than nothing).
hence my interest in seeing some try to attack the legitimacy of clipper
via the wiretapping route I am focusing on at this nanosecond.
as I suggest above, I would say it is something like serendipity and
piggybacking existing cases. the infamous Steve Jackson Games case
would be another example. no, I'm not an EFF member, I just comment
on them as an outside observer in e.g. the way people talk about the
ACLU relative to civil cases.
in short, this would be something that would *really* scare the spooks:
an attack on the legitimacy of wiretapping as it is now practiced
in some way, some novel attack that is different than any prior questioning of wiretapping. if you got an individual and the EFF/ACLU
involved, the publicity alone would be spectacular. notice how
Bernstein doesn't really give much of a snot about Snuffle, it's not
all that significant of an algorithm. it was clearly a *manufactured
case* to challenge the law. same with Junger-- he doesn't really give much of a damn about tangible restrictions on his teaching,
they aren't major impediments if they aren't enforced. they manufactured their cases specifically to try to get the sword
to the weak spot on the dragon's scales. it'll be a long and
arduous process, and a long shot. but the postive publicity is
absolutely priceless even lacking clear-cut victories. (notice the
cyberspace celebration when a judge merely declared code "speech"
 in the bernstein case.) ask Bernstein how long he has been working on
his case. Junger is a newbie compared to Bernstein.

@_date: 1996-10-09 09:57:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
I have little more to say to Unicorn;
look, I'm proposing an exercise for the collective cpunk brain. I gain
absolutely nothing even if you do post every wiretap law ever written and
every case ever argued. I am not facing a wiretap prosecution. my job
has nothing to do with any of the above. it's an attempt to further
collective cpunk goals. why do you keep referring to "doing my work for
me?" Broiles refers to "my little project". excuse me?
my work is in software engineering and I guarantee I'd never ask
for your opinion or help in that area (g).   you guys are getting
to hyper about this totally informal discussion environment. this
is a DEBATE SOCIETY, nothing more.  absolutely nothing is at stake
here. you remind me of the saying, "the fights in academia are so
bitter precisely because so little is at stake".
hee, hee. a lawyer joke from a lawyer. don't see that too often.
that's preposterous, I have never done such a thing. you might be again
mistaking me for Bell. I am not trying to drive any process here. I'm
proposing that people hunt for weaknesses in wiretap law. this is something
that would be highly beneficial to the cpunk "agenda". it has zero direct benefit to me, I assure you, and in fact I get a lot of trouble
for trying to positively impact the S/N on this list. can you try to
follow a simple recipe in the future? if you don't like something, don't say anything? I assure you that I tend to avoid subjects that
I get no response on.
classic cpunk anti-social attitude. here is a situation in which putting
everyone's brains together is far better than having one, and benefits everyone. you could have one person hunting through the stuff when others
have already tried. I'm proposing the equivalent of a brainstorming
session. but you are pissing on it before a single person has anything
to say. and yet you are a person who could contribute the most. do you
do the same thing where you work, piss on a brainstorm session before
it even gets started? saying the whole exercise is a waste of time?
so don't say anything. lack of response is not a tacit endorsement, something that has eluded you for a long time on this list. I assure
you your blood pressure will thank you, mr. bulging veins.
bzzzt. routinely major law enforcement sitations and status quos are
radically altered by new court decisions. the best example I can think
of here would be the Miranda rights.  this really radically changed
police procedures and it was a precedent that was not set by law, but
by court decision.
informal observation that many cpunks argue that wiretapping is inherently illegal based on constitutional aspects. I'm saying, perhaps
so, and maybe a supreme court would agree with you if you phrased your
objections in a novel way. of course, Clipper cases will probably
be appealed up to high courts at some point.
I don't think there was a rational decision behind it, something like
"lets go find the weakest spots in the law and challenge them in court,
and formulate a strategy" that I am suggesting. Bernstein introduced his case on his own without
any help from the EFF and they "piggybacked" on it. notice that wiretapping
is at the heart of Clipper and many other cpunk issues. if you could get
a new favorable decision on it, or even just a *case* out there, it's
fantastic publicity and good for public awareness.

@_date: 1996-10-09 11:28:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
[challenging wiretap laws]
look, I was not going to rub this in your face at all, but you don't
seem to have a clue about this. the fact that you/others here can't scrounge enough imagination to come up with an attack against wiretap laws based on case law and think such a think is a waste of time
is pretty meaningless in your case. I don't think
you have an imaginative bone in your body, hence the great vitriol
that you unleash upon me whenever I use my own.
from the article just recently posted:
as TCM just pointed out, this is a departure on the part of the administration
in describing the tactics of clipper. clearly, WIRETAPPING AUTHORITY IS
KEY TO CLIPPER LEGITIMACY. hence a legal challenge to wiretapping is an
extremely critical angle to the situation.
as I just recently wrote, it seems to me one of the key points of discussion
that is just now emerging in this debate is the demand by the gov't
that wiretapping be done IN SECRET without knowledge of the suspect,
whereas civil libertarians seem to be challenging this point in particular.
it could be a magic bullet it defeating wiretapping. it seems to really
get to the core of the debate about key escrow etc.
the same distinction again. very interesting.  I was just emphasizing
that in my post.
whoa, apparently this would be news to Unicorn, who thinks it would be
a waste of time to argue against the established legitimacy of wiretapping
and considers himself a premiere lawyer-dude.  well, I'll just let Unicorn
argue with Weitzner, (whose credentials are rather impressive and I trust more, btw..)  I'd be interested to hear what Weitzner says, so what we have here is a very knowledgeable lawyer who has helped
out EFF argue that wiretaps are unconstitutional based on the precise
aspect that I was focusing on in a post that Unicorn flamed me for:
that they are secret, unknown to the suspect,
and that this thereby might constitute an "unreasonable"
search and seizure. I don't claim to have originated this of course, but
I was emphasizing it in my post, and Unicorn objected.
reading what Weitzner wrote, it is not inconceivable to imagine
him having the position that wiretaps in their present form might
not survive a court challenge, i.e. it would at least not be
a waste of time to mount such a case, as Unicorn belligerently
bellows above is obvious to anyone with a smidgeon of legal

@_date: 1996-10-09 11:54:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Government Denial of Service Attacks 
DF writes about "GDOS", government-denial-of-service.
you make some very good points that it is impossible for the
government to stamp out activities which it deems illegal
but the public disagrees and flouts. but you don't consider
the situation of harassment. if something should be legal
in a country, it costs the population a lot for it to be
illegal. I don't know if there are government regulators
in NY handling the "illegal apartment" thing, but this
"crime" surely costs the public a lot. what is your argument?
that laws against things flouted by the public are meaningless?
the laws have a very tangible effect of harassment upon the populace, and in fact the government might assert that enforcement is not necessarily the point. it may still be
that there are far fewer of these apartments than there
would be if such a thing was legal (actually, this seems
pretty obvious). the point is, even laws that are only
selectively enforced can be useful to the government. it
is true that imposing an absolute situation like censorship
may be impossible, but that doesn't mean that lack of
absolute enforcement is not useful to the government. as
others (TCM etc) have pointed out frequently, selective enforcement
is a very useful tool in the government arsenal.
in other words, you can't really make the argument that
you seem to be making (as I interpret it), that laws that
don't have good enforcement potential have no value to the
government. they may in fact accomplish exactly what the
government wants. I agree with you that they have poor
social value. the key is trying to get the government
in synch with the population. what you are pointing out in the core, I would say, is that a government out of tune
with the population is a society in the midst of a downward spiral.

@_date: 1996-10-15 18:47:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: mail software for multiple addrs 
hi everyone. I'm asking this here because I know that cpunks
spend a lot of time in email. I'm looking for some GUI
software that can deal well with
1. multiple internet providers - i.e., if I have multiple
providers, I would like the software to be able to easily
deal with them all, without having to retype IP addresses
etc. into dialog boxes
2. multiple email accounts - i.e. the mail software is not
going to use merely one POP account, but should be able
to have different email addrs and passwords over POP
3. multiple mailing lists - I'd like a way to sort incoming
mail into separate folders/directories based on  header
fields, and a way to automate this. (i.e. not have to
go through the same procedure each time of typing the
fields etc.)
I am aware of Netscape's mail features, which don't really
handle much of the above.  also, I suspect many people
require some combination of the above, so there is probably
software out there to do it.. at least there is a demand.
also, I'm aware of procmail but would prefer something
that supports a GUI interface.
also, if you know of a better place to post this query, please
tell me.
thanks much;

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:36:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: looking for old cpunk material 
hi, does anyone have that old cypherpunk enquirer that was
a brilliant satire using the Carroll Alice in Wonderland framework?
also, I wonder if anyone has a digitized image of the cpunk founders Hughes, TCM, Gilmore pictured in that old NYT article.
(or alternately the same from that old issue of wired)
please send either if you have them..

@_date: 1996-10-21 13:00:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: improving cpunk S/N via grouplens/filtering 
an interesting new field called "collaborative filtering" seems
to have strong potential in helping separate signal-to-noise,
and might be of interest to some cpunks here as a pet project.
Brad Miller is working on his PhD. in this area and put together
a nice system inside many news readers that allows people to
read/ratings articles and track their ratings. the system uses
the heuristic that people who agree or disagree consistently
on ratings on particular messages in the past will tend to
do so in the future, and it uses this to extrapolate ratings
on messages a person has not yet rated.
essentially he has all the technical stuff down and mostly
just needs trial users. it wouldn't
be hard to plug it all into the cpunk list to see how well it
works. its the most promising route I know of at the moment,
for solving an extremely difficult problem that pervades cyberspace.
however, B.M. has been working on the project for a long time
and at least from my perspective it doesn't seem to have
reached "critical mass" yet, which surprises me. anyway, the
is anyone here familiar with this project? what do you think
about how effective it is?

@_date: 1996-10-22 12:40:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Interesting article on ATM in Wired (of all places) 
Rich Graves
I liked this article too because it does anticipate something crucial
going on in the telecommunications/cyberspace arena.
however I think it's a huge disservice to cast the future of the internet in
terms of a black/white either/or situation of packet vs. circuit switching (you're already hot into the emotional rhetoric
by calling the latter "bit mangling").
who here believes that circuit switching is superior to packet switching or vice versa? it's a lame debate, like
arguing whether apples or oranges taste better. the future network is going to be a blending of both. it will be
a collision of the cultures mentioned in the article you cite.
it won't be a battle, it'll be a blending. both sides already
concede that the other side has advantages. already protocols
are being designed that incorporate both technologies. give me a break. what you are essentially arguing about in the
two technologies is a timed, guaranteed bandwidth vs. packets that
arrive but without timing constraints. depending on the application,
either may be the appropriate choice. the network of the future will
support both. please, please do not try to polarize this simple
issue. there is absolutely no doubt that much technology, such
as audio/video broadcasting, needs "guaranteed bandwidth" as
offered by ATM. there is also no doubt that support thing kind
of guaranteed bandwidth is expensive and not superior for all
 You don't
oh, brother. "circuit switching is the mark of the beast". I find
it rare to find technically adept people holding such irrational,
almost religious-like beliefs about technology. but it is highly
entertaining it never ceases to amaze me how much FUD is generated when a new technology is introduced. a bazillion people all cower
and scream, "gosh, could [x] mean the end of [y]?" apparently
this is far more fun than realizing, "gosh, [x] will find a niche ALONGSIDE [y], but neither will destroy the other".
this happened with Java and all the new languages, it happens
with the "network computer", etc. ad nauseaum. sigh!!
maybe it is a sign of a certain kind of intelligence that
can't simultaneously hold two ideas at the same time (like
walking and chewing gum? hee, hee)

@_date: 1996-11-05 15:30:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "censorship in cyberspace"??? 
I don't understand why people rant so much about censorship
in cyberspace, given the ease of buying a new tentacle.
a long time ago getting a new internet account was a big
deal, but now they are as prolific as flies.
you can now buy them for $7/mo from Community Connections,
courtesy of another cypherpunk (Sameer Parekh) on this list.
you even get a 5mb web site at this price, as I understand it.
I'd be interested in hearing of any other "tentacle havens" out there if anyone has any comment. my main point is that it's merely a semantic concept to say
that someone is "censored" from a mailing list. it's not
really possible to do such a thing anymore given how easy
it is to get new internet account with no ID necessary.
you can fight it or you can surf on it!! it's quite ironic
that to have the ability for a moderator to have a "civilized" forum with a guaranteed ability to obstruct
certain individuals, would require what cpunks would consider
an orwellian identification system. (tying a human to their
cyberspace posts. it could be done.)
p.s. one of these days I wonder if someone is going to mount
a really concerted attack against a mailing list using a
full tentacle arsenal instead of only a single email address
or anonymous remailers, just for the kicks of it.
the "automatic prose generator" technology out there leaves a lot
of other interesting ideas. an ingenious software engineer
with a flair for writing could create some pretty sophisticated
grammars that automatically generate text yet are impossible
to detect over perhaps even dozens of messages output by them.
they could even have their own personalities and writing styles,
if the software engineer were creative and devious enough.
 it's just a matter of time, and
really every mailing list in the world is defenseless against
it. does anyone have a technical solution? you'd solve one
of mankinds most pressing and difficult problems ever
encountered: "spam".
on the other hand, maybe such a thing has already happened
and no one knows about it. or maybe its happening right
now on this list. it would be absolutely impossible to detect
in all the typical noise if the "graffiti artist" were crafty enough.
 (hee, hee)

@_date: 1996-11-05 15:46:26
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: "Fortune" article on crypto 
as usual, you skip the most interesting part. please elaborate on
why you are interested in "deconstructing and demolishing democratic
institutions". are you opposed ot democracy? do you support the constitution? it would be strange for you to say you agree with
the constitution but are opposed to democracy. apparently you
agree with anything that limits a government but nothing that
creates one? ok, so you've argued against police as a legitimate part of government
before as I recall (advocating, as other here, things like "private"
security forces etc.), so I won't get into that.
well, then, do you think there is a legitimate role for a legal system?
if not, how do you propose settling disputes in a civilized manner
other than "he with the biggest bazooka wins"?

@_date: 1996-11-05 23:18:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "high noon on the electronic frontier" 
a neat new book that's a collection of some of the more
interesting essays on cyberspace called "high noon
on the electronic frontier" is now in bookstores, and
I highly recommend it. the editor Peter Ludlow has
a good eye and aesthetic sense for exactly the more
influential essays that have been written and
are circulating. the list of authors/contributors
is a real Who's Who in cyberspace:
Barlow, Stallman, Kapor, Godwin, Denning, Zimmermann, Chaum, Rheingold, Sterling, etc.
good articles by Dibbell, Levy, DeWitt, etc.
but unfortunately Markoff is conspicuously absent. maybe he
wanted too much money for his writing TCMay is well represented with several essays in a section on
"encryption, privacy, and crypto-anarchism". 3 essays,
Crypto Anarchist Manifesto, Intro to Blacknet, and
BlackNet worries.
I was curious about TCMay's essay on Blacknet, though, that
mentions a mysterious "X" who he credits as raising many
of the issues surrounding Blacknet on the cpunk mailing list
in Feb 1994. Ludlow states in a footnote TCMay "elided
references to interlocutors". I wonder about the identity
of the mysterious "X" and whether he/she is still posting
to the list. does anyone know who he/she is? I was thinking it would be interesting to see whether he/she still feels the same about Blacknet and/or get a new conversation going about the subject with the insight that time can bring.
I wonder why TCMay found it important to elide "X"'s identity-- perhaps "X" was one of his tentacles? (hee, hee) anyway I highly recommend this volume!! after reading this
the public will get a far better idea about what cyberspace
is about and what it means. a great coverage of all the
key issues.

@_date: 1996-11-05 23:18:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: list noise: a novel suggestion 
I read rants about the list noise on this list so much
that it seems quite comical. it seems that everything
else has been tried, I thought I would suggest something
radically different.
I propose that no one talk about the noise on the list,
on the list. pretend it doesn't exist. consider it
like the weather: something that complaining about can do
nothing about.
the long history of this list proves that virtually,
absolutely nothing can be done to improve the signal-to-noise ratio on
the list. therefore, talking about it is a waste of time
and only makes people excited and irritable.
the only solution to the noise on the list is to unsubscribe.
if you don't like the list as it stands, don't subscribe.
the list is as it is, and historical precedent proves that
it has its own personality and flow that can't be rerouted
despite everyone's best intentions.
the best solution to list noise is to post on subjects you
want to read about. write things that you would like to read
had you not written them. simply complaining about the list contents
is like showing up at a potluck with empty hands and griping
that there's nothing good to eat.

@_date: 1996-11-07 12:10:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Pseudo-law on the list and libel 
heh, I find Unicorn's zeal to sue anyone for anything quite comical
and suggestive of a high degree of immaturity.
but as to your point, the recent Forbes article on Bidzos makes it
clear that weilding a legal sword alone can be used quite
shrewdly, strategically, and effectively. the article is quite interesting in how it suggests
RSA was largely built on threatening to sue people. of course this
is slightly skewed, because RSA has done things like software
development that the article didn't mention.
actually the lesson seems to be that if you have a software
patent, the law can be your friend (esp. if you are a business), but if you want to sue someone who calls you names, the law is not very
accommodating. sorry, Unicorn, maybe you can lobby to fix this
little deficiency.

@_date: 1996-11-10 11:39:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Black markets vs. cryptoanarchy 
Mike Ingle:
actually "cryptoanarchy" has a lot of different definitions, and
as an exercise, during at least on cpunk meeting in SF there was
a roundtable discussion about what it meant to each person. the
definitions did vary widely. the most optimistic view of cryptoanarchy
would say that its early phases are already upon us in the crypto
inside browsers and the govt paranoia and posturing. other more
restrictive definitions would be similar to your own. another view would be that "cryptoanarchy" in the sense of people living
in a society where they evade govts have already existed. in my
view cryptoanarchy is a quite Machiavellian concept and I would
suggest that there are strong parallels. TCM,
originator of the term, is a bit mushy himself in his definitions
and refuses to be pinned down on many specifics. however he has
a pretty good paper out on the subject.
an encrypted reply block using remailers is pretty secure technology.
the remailers are not all that reliable however and these reply
blocks are always breaking; they depend on every link in the chain
working perfectly. I've proposed having an anonymous pool in which
remailers post status information when they successfully pass on
messages, such info could be used to make the remailers more reliable,
although possibly at the expense of having to buffer messages.
has anyone set up a remailer that accepts payment right in the message
itself? that would probably solve a lot of the economic problems, and
it seems that the technology, i.e. digicash, has evolved to the point
it would be possible to implement this. (note I am aware of c2's
web page anonymous sending feature, but as I understand it the digicash
payment here is not automated in the sense of being contained in the message).
with the ability to include a payment in the message itself, you could
pay "buffer services" that would be a layer of abstraction on top
of the current unreliable remailer network and have much greater
it seems to me the main proponents of "cryptoanarchy" tend to suggest
a government structure is a completely useless construction. perhaps
so but they would end up erecting othre systems to deal with the
void they might not call "govt" but would have most of the features
of one, imho. something "govtlike" is a measure of a civilized society,
imho, hence my distaste in cryptoanarchy with its seeming naivete
on the legitimate and crucial role of govt in a society. the specifics
may vary between implementations, but imho in general something
"govtlike" is crucial to civilized society.

@_date: 1996-11-12 08:15:15
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: Re: Black markets vs. cryptoanarchy 
This concluding paragraph got me to thinking of something I read
recently in "Bionomics" [1] about the public education problem.  The
point being made there is that injecting even a little real competition
into a monopoly situation improves things tremendously.  It is the
counter argument to the objection that allowing students choice of
schools will destroy the majority, as the "good" kids flee.  What will
happen instead is that most schools, seeing imminient flight, will take
measures to avoid losing students (and taking their tuition with them).
A few, that really can't adapt in time, fail and their students are
forced to seek other schools.  The result is that all schools, even
"public" schools improve dramatically.
It seems to me that the government as a whole may be subject to this
same force.  If cryptoanarchy can inject even a little real competition
into the business of government (in the "providing services crucial to a
civilized society" sense) it may succeed, even if few people actually
use bona fide cryptoanarchical tools.  If this is true, we can expect
existing government organizations to try to improve to avoid extinction
(some will doubtless try other things besides improvement).  Perhaps the
US Postal Service is a leading indicator of this process.  This suggests
that the transition to cryptoanarchy may be rather gradual and peaceful
after all.
Ted Anderson
I'm still behind on cypherpunks, so apologies if this response is dated.
[1]

@_date: 1996-11-12 12:25:56
@_author: Vladimir Z. Nuri 
@_subject: (fwd) NSA And Vince Foster? 
gadzooks, has anyone seen this yet? atom bomb type stuff here.
I guess we won't hear Perry and others rant about Vince Foster
material on the list any more, eh? Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
ubject: NSA FOSTER DOCS:  FOSTER INVOLVED IN NSA COMPUTER ESPIONAGE
not to be used for commercial purposes
from the Nov. 11, 1996 issue of The Washington Weekly
posted with permission
     The National Security Agency  has  now  released  the  first
batch  of  documents  in  response  to  a  Washington Weekly FOIA
request filed in August of 1995. The documents, pertaining to the
late  Vincent  W.  Foster  and  his  work  with  the NSA and with
Systematics Inc. have many passages and  names  blacked  out  and
some  documents  bear "Confidential" or "Secret" classifications.
The  first  batch  of   documents   contain   77   pages.   After
conversations  with  NSA  staff, we understand that an additional
estimated  600 to 700 pages of documents will be released pending
review  by  other  intelligence  agencies.  The Washington Weekly
eventually will make all documents available on its web site.
VINCE FOSTER INVOLVED IN NSA COMPUTER ESPIONAGE ISSUES
    One morning in May of 1993, a  mini  bus  left  the  National
Security  Agency  at  Ft.  George  G.  Meade,  Maryland. It drove
directly to the White House  to  pick  up  Bernard  Nussbaum  and
Vincent W. Foster. From there, the party proceeded to the Justice
Department to pick up Webster Hubbell and John  Rogovin.  At  the
Supreme  Court,  Justice John Paul Stevens joined the party. They
all returned to the NSA for a secret roundtable  discussion  with
top NSA officials on Codebreaking and Telecommunications.  On the
agenda were items such as:
 * What Has Happened to SIGINT
 * How We Handle Crypt[ology] Problems
 * Problems We Face In The Future
 * Rule of Law
    Only this broad outline of  the  meeting  is  revealed  in  a
recently  declassified  NSA document. But it makes clear that one
of  Vince  Foster's  responsibilities  at  the  White  House  was
cryptology  and  intelligence gathering. As such, he was privy to
top secrets.  That would explain the presence of two NSA  binders
deposited  by  Vince Foster in a White House safe. So why did the
White House deny that Foster was working on NSA  documents?  Last
May, White House spokesman Mark Fabiani told the Washington Times
that "There were no National Security Agency  documents  that  he
was working on that were in his possession."
    Why did the White House try to conceal Foster's NSA ties? Why
did  Fabiani  find it necessary to contradict the sworn statement
of Foster's secretary Deborah Gorham, who said that  "There  were
two  one-inch  ring  binders that were from the National Security
  Published in the Nov. 11, 1996 Issue of The Washington Weekly
Copyright (c) 1996 The Washington Weekly (
\  / ~/ |\| | | |> |  : : : : : : Vladimir Z. Nuri : : : :  \/ ./_.| | \_/ |\ | : : : : : : ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/vz/vznuri/home.html

@_date: 1996-11-12 18:56:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Black markets vs. cryptoanarchy 
I tend to agre with Ted Anderson's point that a shift
to cryptoanarchy will be a gradual process if it happens
at all. this is in total contrast to TCM who has, as
I recall, talked about "cryptoanarchy" as an example
of a phase discontinuity, i.e. an abrupt transition.
I personally would like to see a more specific description
of "cryptoanarchy" because it seems its originator is always
posting new messages about what it really is about, associating
it with new developments, and distancing it from areas of
stagnation or perceived criminality. a bit of "success has a thousand fathers, failure is an orphan" going on here.

@_date: 1996-11-12 19:32:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Secrecy: My life as a nym. (Was: nym blown?) 
or then again, maybe they'll sell it to BLACKNET!! actually Unicorn, eventually voice analysis software may
evolve to the point that someone could match people
based on their voices to public speech databases, and you
could be nailed through your phone conversations. hmmmm, have you
ever had a conversation with someone who might have been
taping you for amusement?
(heh. you write a long, self-indulgent letter about the extremes
you have gone to keep your ID secret, and pretend to be blase' &
nonchalant if someone discovers it? I think I can see through
that smokescreen.)
actually, I heard this interesting rumor that Unicorn threatened
to sue someone who "defamed" his pseudonym. quite an amusing
story if true, given his last essay that talks about how he
created the pseudonym in the first place to avoid exactly what
it accomplishes, i.e. dissociating his professional identity
from the "lunatic anarchist" writhing beneath the surface.
actually, there are some amusing things going on here with cpunk
"rules." are cpunks in favor of pseudonyms or not? one famous
cpunk madman wrote under a pseudonym to the list, and many
cypherpunk went to great lengths to try to derive his identity.
is this a case of respecting pseudonyms? or is it more a case of
the double standard at best, hypocrisy at worst, "respect my pseudonyms, but yours are fair game"?  one noted proponent of pseudonymity, whom we will merely call "Timmy", regularly takes great glee in misattributing my own posts to some deranged crackpot running loose in cyberspace. is this a case
of respecting my identity? suppose I really was this person-- shouldn't Timmy's position be one of respect for my use of
a pseudonym? of course he is too immature and feebleminded to
even consider this discrepancy in his philosophy. cpunks are
not known for having coherent philosophies that answer simple
questions of actions in the face of quandaries. the basic
cpunk philosophy, as amply illustrated by 2/3 of its founders, is
"look out for  only, and don't waste time on something as
inane as selfless public service or leadership"

@_date: 1996-11-14 19:47:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: No Subject 
Declan should rest his point here. the cpunk listis notorious
for being way astray. yet cpunks continuously argue against
anyone with a moderator type role. could there be some correlation
between lack of moderation/leadership on the list and the piles of noise that people incessantly complain about? of course I'm insane for suggesting this.
I've repeatedly advocated
the usefulness of a good moderator. cpunks believe that such
a role is anti-anarchic (which it is), and therefore bogus.
the root of this is deeper, it relates to the psychology of
EH, TCM, JG who all have very love-hate relationships
with leadership.
this list suffers neglect by its creators unlike any other mailing list I know of in cyberspace, and
they are proud of that neglect, instead they call it "anarchy"
and claim it is a major blessing.
I think many people need to learn a lesson that cyberspace
doesn't change certain basic realities, such as how important
a dynamic leader is in forward motion in any area. but they
will have plenty of opportunities to learn over the next
few years and decades. and I'll be snickering in the sidelines
as long as they wonder aloud why their realities are as
they are and they find the deficiencies therein inscrutable.

@_date: 1996-12-09 11:33:28
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Mykotronx update 
the obvious question is: does mykotronx currently have some kind of
crypto product that is selling that well? if not, then what the
@ do they have up their sleeve? is this part of the clipper
fallout? or is it a new plan?
encyphering minds want to know..

@_date: 1996-12-11 23:14:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Why PICS is the wrong approach 
Why TCM is wrong about PICS being wrong:
bzzzzzzt. please read about it. there are multiple protocols. some
of them allow third-party rating services. some of them support
ratings within pages. the standard is neutral.
you have a good point, but PICS is about letting the net decide. it
supports both self-rated and third-party ratings. we will see whether
one eclipses the other in the long term. personally I suspect both
will coexist.
this is a ridiculous misunderstanding of the rating system concept.
the PICS standard expressly supports diversity by letting a thousand
rating services bloom, to borrow a phrase from your own book.  some
rating services may claim to be canonical, but you don't have to
believe them. there will be competition of rating services for a long
time into the future. this has already happened with all the filtering
software out there. also consider the new Firefly system that doesn't
actually have fixed ratings on objects, but in which ratings are determined dynamically based on your own personal ratings of pages.
 Consider
this would be an example of the most rudimentary and simplistic filtering
or rating service, which of course the market would generally ignore
in favor of more sophisticated alternative schemes.
that's exactly what PICS is about when you read about it more deeply.
PICS supports both, as it was expressly designed to.
what Timmy is repeatedly failing to comprehend despite much
evidence staring him in the face is that ratings services are
going to be a very significant new information industry, if they
haven't already become one. there are now many different filtering
packages out there and the market is large for them, as has
been proven by *existing* sales. this industry will grow. yahoo
and many other indexing services are in fact implicitly
rating systems, because they utilize editorial discrimination in
deciding who to include and who to exclude.  they just don't say,
"this is rated yahoo approved" overtly.
(timmy is also upset that a massive new industry is growing without
his personal approval or anticipation. I will amuse myself by
counting the days until he does a flip in position and begins
to advocate rating system's efficacy while pretending his position
was never otherwise)
let a thousand rating systems bloom. PICS is about finding good
content as much as rejecting uninteresting content.

@_date: 1996-12-12 17:37:39
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Why PICS is the wrong approach 
this is absolutely ridiculous. the rating system is designed to
be incredibly individualized. it uses sophisticated statistical
techniques to find the correlations in your UNIQUE ratings given
over a set of items with other people's ratings, and weighs
future ratings based on these correlations. it may be even
dealing with anti-correlations. in fact what you have, in effect,
is a system with *no* hardwired ratings. the ratings space is
different for *every*single*person* who uses the service.
"you know"? get a clue, please. these systems are not at all like
the record rating systems you get in stores. I sympathize with
your plight however and agree that the record labeling system
is a lame way to go about it. all the more reason to support things
like firefly and grouplens (another interesting system that may
have inspired firefly, do a yahoo search to find it). superior
rating systems will begin to flourish instead of inferior ones...

@_date: 1996-12-22 22:17:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
poor timmy laments that no one responded to his latest
gedanken masterpiece. I am very pleased to be the one to  relieve him of his loneliness.
imho, it's a very warped kind of mind that insinuates some evil is no
big deal because greater evils exist in the world. it's an argument I see often among the libertarians around here. "what's the big deal
about murder? govt's do it all the time. everyone should be able to
murder anyone if govt's do it. why, the right to murder people is an inalienable right!!". of course the arguments
are never made in this language-- the fun is spotting it in the
ah, an even more warped mind that not merely condones it but
"looks forward to it"
careful, timmy, your slime is showing!!
(it would be fun to debate you publicly some day on your true beliefs, but
alas, you never bite. oh well, I stay amused well enough..)

@_date: 1996-12-24 12:19:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
*I* am misrepresenting Timmy's statement?
please explain to me how anonymous extortion and kidnapping/ransom (what
Timmy was talking about) saves lives along the lines of the above

@_date: 1996-12-24 12:26:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: clipper plans 4 sale (was Re: Earl Edwin Pitts, $224,000) 
that's really big news. what does this company plan to do with it?
note that reverse engineering would give the following benefits:
1. knowledge of the skipjack algorithm. supposedly the NSA based
a lot of security on it being secret-- they consider it so powerful
that no one should be able to use it for their own purposes. however
I wonder how much security they tried to invest in this scheme. the
 rule of crypto, of course, is to always assume your adversary
can get your algorithm.
2. given knowledge of the algorithm, people could use it for their
own purposes, or to make compatible clipper chips that don't use
key escrow.
of course, it would be interesting to see the govt response to
this reverse engineering. new laws? fines? imprisonment? frankly,
it would be fun to see them squirm like this.
CYPHERPUNKS-- this would be another big front page NYT article and
*severe* blow to the spook establishment if someone PUBLISHED this
algorithm in cyberspace.... just noting the obvious and not
encouraging anything ILLEGAL here, heh heh,

@_date: 1996-12-24 12:38:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
[timmy paraphrase]
wow, what a ringing endorsement for cryptoanarchy, and quite Mayesque
in its style.
CRYPTOANARCHY!!! GO FOR IT!! IT PROBABLY WON'T BE ANY MORE
BRUTAL THAN THE WORLD IS ALREADY!!!
the cryptoanarchy thesis IS crap. everyone with a few brain cells to rub together is capable of seeing through this machiavellian dystopian trash
masquerading as a rational political philosophy.
anyone heard of "memes"? cryptoanarchy is a virus of weak minds without
any defense mechanisms. the cpunk list is the principal vector..
gosh, thanks for the tip, Omegaman, hadn't heard anything about that--
I'll be sure to check that out. I certainly wouldn't want to prejudge
Mr. May's complex thesis, my profuse apologies if I misunderstood any
of the parts about extortion, kidnapping, tax evasion, anonymous
assassinations, etc.

@_date: 1996-12-25 11:16:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: clipper plans 4 sale (was Re: Earl Edwin Pitts, $224,000) 
[publish skipjack]
they spent millions of dollars to hide the encryption on the chip--
using state-of-the-art technology from what I understand. it would have
been far cheaper not to have done this.  also, the
chip manufacturer was under very high security. so, seems like exactly
the opposite to me-- they don't want it to be publicized. in fact
when it was first released there was some verbiage in the documents
about how the chip design would be used to prevent such an amazingly
powerful algorithm from getting into private hands without "appropriate safeguards". so I don't buy your theory.
publishing skipjack would be a very, very significant cpunk victory.
recall that DES was slightly redesigned by the NSA, and about 20
years later it was discovered it was done to possibly make it
less vulnerable to "differential cryptoanalysis". 20 years later!
that suggests that the NSA may be up to 20 years ahead of public/academic
crypto research, at least at that point.
anyway, my point is that if skipjack was published, similar insights
into what the NSA is thinking would be available. can you point to
an algorithm other than DES officially sanctioned by NSA? skipjack
is even better, it was *built* by them, and apparently to be highly
secure. the insights available to private researchers after studying
the algorithm would be very significant imho. it would be a snapshot
made very recently of what the nsa considers a state-of-the-art
encryption algorithm. especially useful considering that DES is
about to die and people are looking for alternatives.
note that many people suspect Skipjack is very similar to the DES
in that it is built out of Sboxes and Pboxes. so in that sense
the basic design is probably not all that different. it would be
disappointing if it wasn't different from DES in some interesting
way. I doubt this would be the case.

@_date: 1996-12-26 21:19:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: cryptoanarchy 
omegaman taunts me to rant about cryptoanarchy. frankly I find
it tiresome given its originator repeatedly refuses to answer
point-blank questions about key aspects of it. lacking this, I fail to take it seriously, given nobody else has a similar idea.
actually TCM tends to avoid talking about the demise of democracy
to avoid spilling his real opinions on it, namely that it is a pile
of crap that has corrupted civilization. this from someone who likes
to wrap himself in the constitution when the issue is free speech
or something else like that.
bzzzzzzt, history readily denies this.
  Nor is brutality
bzzzzzt, history readily denies this. but again it is amusing to see
the patently incorrect assertions that cryptoanarchists embrace and
murder, assassination, kidnapping, they all already exist. I am dubious that
the existence of anonymous payments will change much in this area. I don't
think it will become any more prevalent. what TCM seems to imply in much
of his writing, but fails to outrightly assert because he's such a weasel,
is that the world would be a *better*place* with all these
things, which I vehemently reject.
it is not so much the point that these things can happen, that I am
debating, but that they are inevitable and even something to look
forward to that I think mark TCM as a wacko.
terrorism has existed for centuries, and will continue to exist. it
cannot be prevented, in a sense, and in another way, it can be minimized. it's not a black or white issue as feebleminded people
would like to portray it as. I'm in favor of anonymous cash, but
I am also in favor of social/legal mechanisms to minimize its subversive
impact. note that "not dealing with kidnappers or terrorists" is
one such approach that does not involve police.
consider this: the cash is normally anonymous, but the govt would
have the ability to "tag" it in special circumstances, such as the
way stolen money from banks may explode red ink over the culprit.
the fact that cpunks would totally reject any such reasonable compromise
I find highly repellent.

@_date: 1997-01-21 13:44:28
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Netscape to use Cybercash? 
(S.Schear tells me that he thinks the lack of anonymity in
payment schemes is what is primarily what is holding them
back, not good GUI interfaces. I consider this hogwash,
but maybe we can agree to disagree.)
whoa, I missed this. was there any discussion on this list? or
is it just because we are drowning in noise? any more specifics?
I personally am hoping for a point-and-click interface with
the piggybank/cost HTML tag scenario I described. also, any ETA?

@_date: 1997-01-28 16:25:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: c2 internet accounts 
does c2net still offer internet accounts? I liked their
offer for internet accounts with a 5 mb web site via
telnet. does anyone else know of a place for cheap
telnet only accounts?

@_date: 1997-01-30 14:26:28
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Cats Out of Bags 
as I've said before, I really hate the "cat out of the bag"
saying, as Aaron's recent comments indicate.
ONLY A TYRANNICAL GOVERNMENT WOULD PUT THE CAT IN THE
BAG IN THE FIRST PLACE
maybe we can distill this into a new saying, instead of
the favorite "cats out of bags". I've said repeatedly that pro-crypto advocates using the
"cat out of the bag" analogy is actually damaging to the
position that the constitution guarantees crypto freedom
via free speech and privacy. it encourages the government
side to do exactly as Aaron is doing-- arguing that the
cat is not out of the bag, when *that's*not*the*point*
how about, GOVERNMENT SHOULD STOP SUFFOCATING CRYPTO CAT!!!

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:57:27
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Cats Out of Bags 
fascinating reading sandy, but
these have the same conceptual limitations I was flaming. to
use the analogy:
1. it is unconstitutional to put a crypto genie in a bottle
in the first place.
2. it is unconstitutional to make laws against ringing crypto bells.
again, when you use the above analogies, the government can
argue with you and say, "no, we thing that crypto hasn't really
spread as much as it could without the ITAR", and this is a pretty difficult point to argue. how can you argue that crypto
has spread as much as it possibly can? relaxing regulations would
surely cause it to spread more than it has.
admittedly, I can't think of a nice substitute with a good "ring to it". however, I do like the saying that crypto-news has been using about
"our safe, our KEYS!!" or something similar. I propose that people
emphasize this. using any of the other analogies just encourages orwellian thinking along the lines in the government: oh YEAH?! who
SAYS the genie is out of the bottle?! what makes you think we can't
put him BACK THERE?!
so imho its all a diversion and a decoy. it's the wrong argument
to get involved in-- has crypto spread to make it impossible to contain? and as the saying goes, "never get in an
argument with a fool, people might not know the difference".
do we believe in the constitution or not? perhaps it becomes
a self-fulfilling prophecy when we don't.

@_date: 1997-01-30 21:06:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Cats Out of Bags 
ability to use strong crypto is not "either or" but a matter of degree. the question is not "is strong crypto available", but, "how much harder would
the NSA's peeping be if ITAR was relaxed?  the real question is, do we have the right to use strong crypto,
or don't we? if we don't then the government has the authority
to regulate it to its heart's content, *regardless* of whether
those laws are effective or not. cpunks seem to think that a govt
can only have *effective* laws. but there is obviously no such
I think we need to approach it from the point of view that we
have the *right* to use strong crypto, and see if the supreme
court agrees. hence I'm very interested in the bernstein etc.
cases, which may be the ultimate breakthrough eventually..
there is no end to the blathering about genies, cats, or bells
that can sway the govt, but a single supreme court decision
can have a revolutionary effect.
again I still think the genie/cat/bell metaphor is a disservice to the cause, but feel free to defy me. just one crackpot's opinion, YMMV

@_date: 1997-01-31 14:12:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Cats Out of Bags 
PJ wrote me in email:
I consider it a violation of free speech if the government
made "hard crypto" illegal. yes, these cases are generally challenging the publishing aspects of crypto in the US, but
this is not what I consider the most important constitutional
ingredient in favor of crypto. crypto is essentially a kind
of speech, or communication. hence restricting it would be
like outlawing a certain foreign language that the government
doesn't understand. in my opinion, this is the most important,
root case to be made for the use of crypto in this country. publishing crypto algorithms is only a side issue compared to this,
so the bottom line is this: crypto regulations can be challenged
under the idea that they are restricting freedom of the press,
i.e. for academics to discuss algorithms, or it can be challenged
under freedom of speech issues, i.e. everyone has the right
to use codes for whatever purpose. currently because the regulations
prohibit the "export" of crypto code, the first route is the
basic challenge that makes the most sense. but I'd like to see
the ITAR challenged on the second grounds as well, i.e. as
a free speech issue. there's less reason when the gov't is not
trying to regulate domestic crypto, but it might be a relevant
angle in the export debate.
BTW, I understand that there are cases being made by Karn, Junger, and Bernstein, is that correct? with Junger being the most recent?  does anyone have web pages dedicated to each
one of these?

@_date: 1997-01-14 08:52:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: s/n problems on this list 
I've posted on this subject many times in the past, and its
something I like to brainstorm on. signal to noise problems
on this list. generally, the moderator-specific approaches I find less
palatable than techniques that can be automated. here
are some more ideas for automated moderation techniques.
1. software called "grouplens" I've talked about here (search
yahoo) has been used to rate articles. they found that there
was a very high correlation between how long people spent reading
articles and the "interesting" rating that they gave that article.
hence, a proposal: cpunks have long advocated and hacked mailer
programs to stick in crypto. how about sticking in a hack that
tracks how long mail messages are being read, and send that
info back to an auxilliary mailing list address. the list
software keeps track of time spent reading articles and
can allow people to screen the list based on the "most interesting
articles". "send me only those articles that go over a threshhold
of 500 combined human attention minutes".
of course this can be messed up by hackers who try to skew the
ratings. I would suggest a limit on the max time per article per
2. I like the idea of a system that keeps track of complaints against
given users. it could keep track of the complaint/per age of every subscriber. e.g. hypothetical: LD gets 10 complaints per week, and TCM
gets 30 per week on average, and it could allow people to screen
the mail based on these numbers, such as a command "send me mail
of all users below a 20 complaint/per week value". you could,
for either of these approaches, have an "official screening value"
in which the owner of the list adjusts these parameters to his
just more ideas. I like cpunks generally favor a technological
fix that doesn't involve bottlenecks of individual moderator
opinions. (2) would be pretty easy to implement inside existing
mailing list software, at the majordomo side.

@_date: 1997-01-18 13:05:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: microcurrency: Netscape vs. Microsoft 
it seems that microcurrency has still not hit the "big time"
yet. or perhaps some people see otherwise. what is the evidence
for how far it has penetrated ala DigiCash etc? I haven't seen
much myself.
I predict that microcurrency will not catch on in a big way
until it is integrated with browsers, and when it is, it
will be adopted in an insanely large rush like the way
the web itself caught on with the GUI (and was mostly comatose
before it).  I'd like to have seen microcurrency catch on like a brushfire
at this point, and was trying to figure out why it hadn't,
and focused on the above key aspect.
hence, I wonder: WHO WILL BE THE FIRST TO INCORPORATE A MICROCURRENCY
FEATURE IN THEIR BROWSER, MICROSOFT OR NETSCAPE?
why am I shouting? because I hope that we can create
a buzz around this question, to the point that both
manufacturers begin to realize how much is at stake
in this single little feature. I'd like to see speculation
and articles about it in the trade press.  let it turn
into a hot topic of conversation..
do either MS or Netsacpe have plans to
do so right now? I suspect the future of the browser
wars will belong to he who does the microcurrency feature.
here's how it might work: the browser has an internal
piggyback that can be filled up with cash. it has various
features that prohibit a charge of greater than some
fixed limit of being made, per time, per site etc... also
in no case can more money than is currently in the piggy
bank be charged. once the charge hits, there is no
contesting allowed, because the charge is so low. a little
bar on the user interface could indicate how much cash
is left. the idea would also be to invent some new html tags that
indicate the charge on a link. the charge is incurred when
1/2 of the page is sent (there would be all kinds of hacks
in which people could retrieve only part of a page to avoid
the charge, hence this limit or some variation thereof).
so when I move my mouse over a link in the browser, I see
not only its address as with Netscape's, but also some charge that will incur when I hit it. there could be color
coding and little graphics for costs also.
notice how much crypto really caught on when Netscape incorporated it, and how this action alone did more for
the proliferation of crypto in cyberspace, almost, than
all prior efforts combined. I think that microcurrency
will be unleashed in a very similar way.
the system I describe above can be built up pretty easily
from existing technology such as DigiCash. pretty much
all the major ingredients are available.. it's just a matter
of time before some enterprising programmers plug it all
together in an easy to use way. (as far as I know the
Digicash software is not easily integrated with any browser,
am I correct?)
by framing the question as I have above, the question is
no longer "how should microcurrency be implemented", or
"should it be", but "who will be the first to do it?", a nice competitive incentive to the key companies involved.
so, Netscape, Microsoft, are either of you listening? do you
have any idea how much is riding on this option? are you
working on it right now? if not, are you prepared to face
the consequences? has anyone heard any rumors about their
intention to implement microcurrency? I've long predicted some pretty revolutionary strides
in cyberspace that will make all development up to now
look pretty sickly and pale, when microcurrency is invented
and brought into a trivial-to-use GUI.  in a sense it is the
the economic system that the whole industry (or even the
whole world) has been waiting for ever since its beginning.
it will unleash a torrent of frenzied innovation and reorganization
beyond what anyone has ever seen or thought possible.
p.s. has anyone done a plugin that handles cash in the way
I am referring to? this may be a really neat way for third-party developers to cash in on this, but I suspect
that it's so crucial that the browser manufacturers will
eventually incorporate it themselves.

@_date: 1997-01-20 11:48:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: microcurrency: Netscape vs. Microsoft 
as I see it, I think there are a few key standards that need to be devised: 1. an html tag that indicates how much a link costs, probably in
the  type syntax
2. modification of http to support a payment mechanism, by sending
a token.
3. browser "piggy bank".
there are other standards, such as how a person might get
cash into their piggy bank etc., but most would be related to
the above items. notice that we don't really need a good interoperable standard
to begin with. often Netscape and MS invent tags that are not
interoperable between them, and later standardization arrives
at a consensus / convergence. as I see it, I think the browser
manufacturers should just pick their favorite digital cash
scheme (cybercash, digicash, whatever) that is easiest to
implement, and do so, with the intention of integrating other
schemes at a later date.
hence, a good opportunity for the browser manufacturer to remove
all these additional complications and make it point-and-click
simple. I agree, this is not going to be a total nonbrainer. but
better the browser manufacturer do it for their software, allowing
everyone who uses it to benefit, than every single cash user
in cyberspace trying to replicate the same difficult series of
steps to get their cash going.
generally, that's what I'm calling for, some ad hoc standards being
put into place immediately by the browser manufacturers, in the
same way new tags are always being invented. standardization generally
results *after* an initial, minimally constrained innovation phase, imho.

@_date: 1997-01-20 13:42:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: microcurrency: Netscape vs. Microsoft 
as I see it, I think there are a few key standards that need to be devised: 1. an html tag that indicates how much a link costs, probably in
the  type syntax
2. modification of http to support a payment mechanism, by sending
a token.
3. browser "piggy bank".
there are other standards, such as how a person might get
cash into their piggy bank etc., but most would be related to
the above items. notice that we don't really need a good interoperable standard
to begin with. often Netscape and MS invent tags that are not
interoperable between them, and later standardization arrives
at a consensus / convergence. as I see it, I think the browser
manufacturers should just pick their favorite digital cash
scheme (cybercash, digicash, whatever) that is easiest to
implement, and do so, with the intention of integrating other
schemes at a later date.
hence, a good opportunity for the browser manufacturer to remove
all these additional complications and make it point-and-click
simple. I agree, this is not going to be a total nonbrainer. but
better the browser manufacturer do it for their software, allowing
everyone who uses it to benefit, than every single cash user
in cyberspace trying to replicate the same difficult series of
steps to get their cash going.
generally, that's what I'm calling for, some ad hoc standards being
put into place immediately by the browser manufacturers, in the
same way new tags are always being invented. standardization generally
results *after* an initial, minimally constrained innovation phase, imho.

@_date: 1997-01-20 11:58:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: microcurrency: Netscape vs. Microsoft 
neither has "beat" the other at this point. but this does show something
I have always believed: companies should just invent ad-hoc, quick-and-dirty
standards if full standards are not immediately available. it makes no
sense to me to delay the introduction of some new feature because there
isn't industry standardization. the case is often that the initial ad-hoc standards will tend to converge into a better standard down
the road. I don't see standards as "forever". standards should be
viewed as stepping stones to better standards. hence I think netscape and/or MS should invent a "plug and play" (i.e. trivial to use) micropayment standard immediately, regardless
of what industry standardization does not or will exist. it wouldn't
be pretty at first but standardization to better interfaces could
ensue later. the main thing is to get it on the table, and get
people using it, to create the demand. services are rarely developed
unless there is a demand. hence I suggest that a *rudimentary* form
of the service be first devised and implemented asap to increase
demand for one with much more finesse.
  In its early
don't think this is a valid question. the whole point of microcurrency
is just decreasing the cost until people hit the page and don't
care about the cost. hence I think there is a guaranteed market, because
with microcurrency you can always shave off your price to virtually
infinitesmal values (say pennies a hit) that will guarantee you will
have at least some audience.
  Do web service operators think they can offer value added
I'm imagining just putting a teeny little transaction charge on top
of every single hit that now exists. if it is small enough, consumers
won't care very much.
well, pick one payment scheme and then competing companies could
adopt the same standard (but offer competing systems and features)
exactly. someone who reengineered the whole thing from top to
bottom and made it absolutely trivial to use-- I suspect the future
of the browser wars will belong to the company that does this.
again, I note it might be doable in a plug in, but as I said, I think browser manufacturers are eventually going to put it into their own code because of its sheer importance.

@_date: 1997-01-20 13:43:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: microcurrency: Netscape vs. Microsoft 
neither has "beat" the other at this point. but this does show something
I have always believed: companies should just invent ad-hoc, quick-and-dirty
standards if full standards are not immediately available. it makes no
sense to me to delay the introduction of some new feature because there
isn't industry standardization. the case is often that the initial ad-hoc standards will tend to converge into a better standard down
the road. I don't see standards as "forever". standards should be
viewed as stepping stones to better standards. hence I think netscape and/or MS should invent a "plug and play" (i.e. trivial to use) micropayment standard immediately, regardless
of what industry standardization does not or will exist. it wouldn't
be pretty at first but standardization to better interfaces could
ensue later. the main thing is to get it on the table, and get
people using it, to create the demand. services are rarely developed
unless there is a demand. hence I suggest that a *rudimentary* form
of the service be first devised and implemented asap to increase
demand for one with much more finesse.
  In its early
don't think this is a valid question. the whole point of microcurrency
is just decreasing the cost until people hit the page and don't
care about the cost. hence I think there is a guaranteed market, because
with microcurrency you can always shave off your price to virtually
infinitesmal values (say pennies a hit) that will guarantee you will
have at least some audience.
  Do web service operators think they can offer value added
I'm imagining just putting a teeny little transaction charge on top
of every single hit that now exists. if it is small enough, consumers
won't care very much.
well, pick one payment scheme and then competing companies could
adopt the same standard (but offer competing systems and features)
exactly. someone who reengineered the whole thing from top to
bottom and made it absolutely trivial to use-- I suspect the future
of the browser wars will belong to the company that does this.
again, I note it might be doable in a plug in, but as I said, I think browser manufacturers are eventually going to put it into their own code because of its sheer importance.

@_date: 1997-01-21 12:33:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Netscape to use Cybercash? 
(S.Schear tells me that he thinks the lack of anonymity in
payment schemes is what is primarily what is holding them
back, not good GUI interfaces. I consider this hogwash,
but maybe we can agree to disagree.)
whoa, I missed this. was there any discussion on this list? or
is it just because we are drowning in noise? any more specifics?
I personally am hoping for a point-and-click interface with
the piggybank/cost HTML tag scenario I described. also, any ETA?

@_date: 1997-01-28 15:22:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: c2 internet accounts 
does c2net still offer internet accounts? I liked their
offer for internet accounts with a 5 mb web site via
telnet. does anyone else know of a place for cheap
telnet only accounts?

@_date: 1997-01-30 12:36:11
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Cats Out of Bags 
as I've said before, I really hate the "cat out of the bag"
saying, as Aaron's recent comments indicate.
ONLY A TYRANNICAL GOVERNMENT WOULD PUT THE CAT IN THE
BAG IN THE FIRST PLACE
maybe we can distill this into a new saying, instead of
the favorite "cats out of bags". I've said repeatedly that pro-crypto advocates using the
"cat out of the bag" analogy is actually damaging to the
position that the constitution guarantees crypto freedom
via free speech and privacy. it encourages the government
side to do exactly as Aaron is doing-- arguing that the
cat is not out of the bag, when *that's*not*the*point*
how about, GOVERNMENT SHOULD STOP SUFFOCATING CRYPTO CAT!!!

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:32:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Cats Out of Bags 
fascinating reading sandy, but
these have the same conceptual limitations I was flaming. to
use the analogy:
1. it is unconstitutional to put a crypto genie in a bottle
in the first place.
2. it is unconstitutional to make laws against ringing crypto bells.
again, when you use the above analogies, the government can
argue with you and say, "no, we thing that crypto hasn't really
spread as much as it could without the ITAR", and this is a pretty difficult point to argue. how can you argue that crypto
has spread as much as it possibly can? relaxing regulations would
surely cause it to spread more than it has.
admittedly, I can't think of a nice substitute with a good "ring to it". however, I do like the saying that crypto-news has been using about
"our safe, our KEYS!!" or something similar. I propose that people
emphasize this. using any of the other analogies just encourages orwellian thinking along the lines in the government: oh YEAH?! who
SAYS the genie is out of the bottle?! what makes you think we can't
put him BACK THERE?!
so imho its all a diversion and a decoy. it's the wrong argument
to get involved in-- has crypto spread to make it impossible to contain? and as the saying goes, "never get in an
argument with a fool, people might not know the difference".
do we believe in the constitution or not? perhaps it becomes
a self-fulfilling prophecy when we don't.

@_date: 1997-01-30 18:39:28
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Cats Out of Bags 
ability to use strong crypto is not "either or" but a matter of degree. the question is not "is strong crypto available", but, "how much harder would
the NSA's peeping be if ITAR was relaxed?  the real question is, do we have the right to use strong crypto,
or don't we? if we don't then the government has the authority
to regulate it to its heart's content, *regardless* of whether
those laws are effective or not. cpunks seem to think that a govt
can only have *effective* laws. but there is obviously no such
I think we need to approach it from the point of view that we
have the *right* to use strong crypto, and see if the supreme
court agrees. hence I'm very interested in the bernstein etc.
cases, which may be the ultimate breakthrough eventually..
there is no end to the blathering about genies, cats, or bells
that can sway the govt, but a single supreme court decision
can have a revolutionary effect.
again I still think the genie/cat/bell metaphor is a disservice to the cause, but feel free to defy me. just one crackpot's opinion, YMMV

@_date: 1997-01-31 12:51:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Cats Out of Bags 
PJ wrote me in email:
I consider it a violation of free speech if the government
made "hard crypto" illegal. yes, these cases are generally challenging the publishing aspects of crypto in the US, but
this is not what I consider the most important constitutional
ingredient in favor of crypto. crypto is essentially a kind
of speech, or communication. hence restricting it would be
like outlawing a certain foreign language that the government
doesn't understand. in my opinion, this is the most important,
root case to be made for the use of crypto in this country. publishing crypto algorithms is only a side issue compared to this,
so the bottom line is this: crypto regulations can be challenged
under the idea that they are restricting freedom of the press,
i.e. for academics to discuss algorithms, or it can be challenged
under freedom of speech issues, i.e. everyone has the right
to use codes for whatever purpose. currently because the regulations
prohibit the "export" of crypto code, the first route is the
basic challenge that makes the most sense. but I'd like to see
the ITAR challenged on the second grounds as well, i.e. as
a free speech issue. there's less reason when the gov't is not
trying to regulate domestic crypto, but it might be a relevant
angle in the export debate.
BTW, I understand that there are cases being made by Karn, Junger, and Bernstein, is that correct? with Junger being the most recent?  does anyone have web pages dedicated to each
one of these?

@_date: 1997-02-01 16:10:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Junger web site 
PJ sent me his web site which others may be interested in,
with pointers to Karn and Bernstein:
so, essentially, there are now 3 pretty significant cases
challenging ITAR on constitutional grounds, which I find
highly encouraging. of course the Bernstein case has already
had very positive results so far.

@_date: 1997-02-03 14:41:46
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Govt & cyberspace 
DF raises the question of whether the IRS will be able to modernize in the lack of "intellectual capital" (i.e. brains).
This is actually a very interesting topic which I've not
seen a lot of analysis on elsewhere, but which I expect
to see a lot more in the future.
the basic issue is this: private industry is moving into
cyberspace at a lightening pace. yet the government is
painfully incapable of doing the same for reasons of bureacracy.
numerous articles have been documenting the inability of the
government to successfully pull of massive software and
hardware upgrade projects. I suspect it will only be a matter of time before this is
called a major "crisis" by politicians and milked for all
of its conceivable tax value. eeks.
I've seen a lot of articles about govt agencies in a computational crisis due to this problem. maybe someone
can come up with a cute tag item. "technology envy" maybe?
I read about how the FAA was trying to install a new flight
control system that's insanely over budget and lightyears
from a conceivable completion.
another *major* computation problem is the year 2000
crisis. private companies can barely get it together to
do the upgrading and investigation required to fix the
2000-flip problem. the government is even farther behind.
if there is going to be a year 2000 "crisis" due to the
millenium bug, I suspect much of it will be focused in
government agencies.
"tech envy"-- what impact is this going to have on our
government? it's becoming a huge issue. it may be a really great opportunity for a populist movement to
truly reform the government in the process of upgrading
their computers. I suspect that the "groupware" technology
that is just getting started will have major influence
in these areas. as private companies find increasingly
sophisticated ways of managing themselves, the obvious
question will arise, "why can't we have an efficient govt
when our private industries are"? the answer is, we
I've written about "electronic democracy" repeatedly. many
people object to the idea. but when it is phrased in terms
of groupware, it becomes more palatable. imagine a small
company humming along with its groupware application that
allows it to make company-wide decisions using a democratic
process. moreover, the software is robust and scales well.
why can't the same principles be scaled up, up, up? I predict
that they will be in a rather extraordinary revolution.
a new "velvet revolution"? comments anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-03 14:57:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
<* The mechanics of the announcement troubled me greatly. To be blunt, I was
<seething with anger. I was mightily annoyed to read that John had made a
<decision to appoint Sandy as his Moderator, with no discussion on the list.
<I don't know if Eric Hughes and Hugh Daniel were asked their opinions, but
<I certainly know I was not. I feel that as one of the two or three
<founders, depending on how one is counting, and as a frequent contributor
<to the list since its inception, and so on, I (and others) should at least
<have been told of this plan. Better yet, have the plans discussed on the
<list, as some good ideas may have been generated.
hi timmy, a word to the wise: it amuses me that whenever I referred
to a cypherpunk "community" my eyebrows were flamed off, by people
who claimed there was no such thing. a community has certain properties,
many of which I believe the cypherpunks "crowd" has always lacked.
one aspect of the "crowd" that is lacking is LEADERSHIP. I have pointed
this out again and again. the cpunks believe that leadership is no
longer relevant in a digital society, somehow. the list is in the
shape it is in because of POOR LEADERSHIP.. neither you nor EH care
about what LEADERSHIP entails, or wish to exert the sacrifices that
it requires. hence, you have, and have always had, a LEADERSHIP VACUUM.
and now you are "mightily annoyed", "pissed off" etc. that as a
"founder" you were not consulted? you weren't consulted because you
weren't a leader in the true sense of the word. are you in or out?
imho leadership does not merely entail writing posts and having a
completely laissaiz fair attitude about every single issue under the
sun, particularly those of dear importance to the list, such as how
to deal with crappy signal to noise ratios, intentional provocateurs,
people who seem to have ulterior agendas, etc.
I think it is highly amusing for you to get a lesson about how your
views about "anarchy" really work out. what does this anarchy thing
mean, anyway? is someone else taking over the list your idea of
what is represented by anarchy?   imho anarchy is a power vacuum
in which the events which have transpired, and that you perceive
as unpalatable to say the least, are inevitable.
<I'll have more to say about my problems with how things were handled.
<Frankly, it smacked of the same kind of fait accompli decision John made
<with the unsubscribing of Vulis. While John had (and has) every legal right
<to do with his property as he wished, the effect was very negative. First,
<Vulis found other ways to post (duh). Second, the list was consumed with
<flames about this, many from Vulis, and many from others. Third,
<journalists (who love sizzle over substance any day of the week) lept into
<the fray with articles which gave Vulis the publicity he craved. Fourth, it
<sent a message to enemies of liberty that "Even the Cypherpunks have found
<it necessary to abandon their anarchic ways."
"enemies of liberty"? hee, hee. anarchy was not a practical way of
running the list, and never has been, and now that the REALITY of the situation is PROVING this to you in an inescapable existence proof,
you find it impossible to confront the obvious message. timmy, a little
tip: anarchy, as you seem to conceive it, doesn't scale well, and both usenet and the cypherpunks list are eminent evidence of this.
<(I'm well aware of the issues with pests like Vulis, who seek to destroy
<virtual communities like ours. But the solution John used did not work, and
<generated more crap. As you all should know, it was John himself who coined
<the wonderful saying, "The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes
<around it." A delicious irony.)
which should encourage people to understand that there is a subtle difference between censorship and moderation.. or does the distinction
elude you? is there a difference in your opinion? you have plenty
of financial resources to start a mailing list of your own, what makes
you think it would be any more orderly than the one that is being run
here? in fact, do you understand how "anarchy" and "order" are mutually
exclusive, now that your own reality is shouting it to you?
<* The proper solution to bad speech is more speech, not censorship.
ah, so everyone should post 5 messages to the list, instead of 1, and
those that are quite should post 3. quite an elegant solution. do you
see how the silly rhetoric fails to hold up in reality? when will you
get a clue about where your own views are really leading you?
<* OK, even given that John had decided to censor "his" list, what about his
<choice of Sandy Sandfort as the censor? "moderator"-- does the word mean anything to you?
<(I count Sandy as a friend, but I'm just being honest here. Sandy is just
<not a "Peter Neumann" (moderator of the "RISKS" list).
you were free to propose another  moderator. moderation is hard work.
it takes a lot of time. who volunteered other than sandy?
<* I would have had no problem had John announced that he was creating a new
<list, the "Good Stuff" list, with Sandy has his Chooser of Good Stuff.
<After all, both Eric Blossom and Ray Arachelian already offer just such
<lists, and more would not hurt.
<But by making the _main list_ the censored one, this skewed things
anyone is free to subscribe to any list they choose, including the unfiltered
one. how is the reality different than that which you write? are you suggesting
that people are too lazy to make a coherent choose on their own? who
are you to argue with what everyone themself chooses?
<* The decision to "moderate" (censor) the Cypherpunks list is powerful
<ammunition to give to our opponents, and Vulis is certainly gleeful that
<his fondest wishes have been realized. And it won't work. People are
<consuming even more bandwidth arguing the merits of John's decision, the
<traffic is presumably being slowed down by the need for Sandy to wade
<through the traffic and stamp "Approved" or "Rejected" on what he glances
<at, and people are "testing the limits" of what they can say and what they
<can't say.
what's a better solution, in your opinion, besides ignoring it all and
pretending there is no problem?
<In any case, my several years with the list have taken a huge amount of my
<time. Given the way this whole thing was handled, and the way the list is
<degenerating even further, it looks like it's good that I'm moving on to
<other things.
ah, quite convenient excuse to bail out when no elegant solution seems
possible. blame all the problems on faux-reasons rather than an opportunity
for soul-searching.
<- the decision to censor the list was made without any discussion on the
<list, without any discussion with at least some of the longterm core
<contributors, and was presented as a "fait accompli."
by their own construction, all insisted that everyone be treated identically on the list, and that no such distinction be made about
"longterm core contributors"
but thanks for showing up and clarifying your position, timmy. what
a tragedy not to routinely see your smiling face here. I for one
have "taps" playing on my computer whenever I read the list as
a suitable memorial to your past greatness. viva la cypherpunks!

@_date: 1997-02-03 15:00:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Filling Power Vacuums 
And since I don't wish to assume the mantle
<of leadership, hmmmmmmmmmmmm, it seems to me that reliquishing that burden might entail
having decisions made that you do not agree with.
<I am resentful and suspicious of people who _do_ step into the
<"power vacuum" to lead and control.
<Now I grant you that Sandy's form of leadership and control is relatively
apparently in your brain, "lead" == "control"
<Yes, I'm seething. Sandy is right about that. I saw a group I helped create
<and spent thousands of hours on, writing articles and developing ideas
<choose--by fiat from the owner of the machine the list was being sent out
<from--to embrace the dark side, the control freak side. In the name of
<"comity," Sandy's term for the bonhomie he thinks he can cultivate, we lose
<our ideological purity.
hee, hee.
don't worry timmy, you'll feel better later after you've forgotten
that there was some deep lesson in all this.

@_date: 1997-02-07 13:22:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
TCM defending Vulis, I think I've died and am in some strange
dreamworld. hehehehe

@_date: 1997-02-07 13:58:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: automated moderation system 
here's an idea for a simple "moderation" system with no
one-moderator bottleneck/choke point. I'm trying to come
up with a constructive solution with cyberspatial spirit.
please send me email if you would be willing to try this system. flames ignored. if there is enough support I may be able to
persuade a friend to write the code to do this.
a new mailing list is set up, one that gets posts from a
noisy mailing list. it filters the mail according to user
preferences, and sends it out to its own subscribers. the
filtering scheme is as follows:
a web site is set up that allows people to express their
own preferences as to who they wish to listen to in particular,
and who they wish to killfile, based on email address. first, they hit the web site
and have it send them a secret password to their email address.
then they use that password to edit their "pass" and "zap"
lists. (the password is for authentication)
now, the mailing list works as follows. people always receive
posts from people they put on their "pass" lists. mail from
entities on their "zap" lists is always trashed.
why are the lists kept on the server? the usefulness of this
scheme is that now you have information about all entities,
the number of votes to "pass" each entity, and the number of
votes to "zap" each entity. now lets say that the system is
considering sending me mail from someone that is neither on
my pass or zap lists. I have no personal info on it, but the
system could use the votes in some algorithmic way to decide
whether to send it to me or not. various experiments could
be tried to come up with a good scheme.
 my preference is at
the moment something like this: every person indicates how
much mail they wish to recieve from the list, and how much
of a delay is acceptable. the system uses this information
and the "pass/zap" ratio (or difference) to send out the
"highest rated" messages in a given time window. during
low list traffic, the messages that pass through would be
ranked lower. or, the system could have a ranking threshold
set by each individual user below which it will never pass the email.
my feeling is to keep these lists public, although the scheme
would allow a system that kept them private. of course I will
be flamed for this.
the system of course is essentially a reputation system, something
everyone here talks about but nobody really seems to know what
one is or how to set one up.
anyway, I hope to hear from anyone with comments. if you might
be able to support a cgi web site for the idea, please let me
know. technically the system is pretty straightforward. my experience with these systems is that the great difficulty is
getting people to try them, the "critical mass" problem.

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:41:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Keep it Simple and the Cypherpunk Way 
what TCM continues to stick his head in the sand over
is the fact that the list noise levels have gotten outlandishly
out of control over recent times, far beyond anything in memory. what is it due to? it appears that there is a basic law of cyberspace that S/N decreases as you add more people. it seems to be a very obvious and repeatable
there are some significant lessons about cryptoanarchy that are
completely evading TCM. how well does anarchy scale? apparently, not
well. TCM would like to pretend that just deleting posts and having
outsider filterers is a "solution" to the problem and argues for
business as usual, upholding the status quo.
the problem is that when you have a deteriorating situation, the
status quo is not a valid concept. keeping the status quo means
further deterioration.
TCM also fails to address the problem of AGENT PROVOCATEURS. the
cyberspace list is intensely fragile and susceptible/ vulnerable
to them as Vulis demonstrates. it only takes ONE and a lot of tentacles. does TCM propose a solution to this? no, of course not,
because he has a blind spot when it comes to realizing the
PATENTLY OBVIOUS FLAWS OF CRYPTOANARCHY that stare him in the face.
if cpunks had a formal way of making decisions, and some loyalty
to each other, instead of BAILING OUT at the slightest difficulty,
perhaps the situation would be different, eh? see how quickly people
who were once friends simply WALK OUT on each other in the cryptoanarchist
approach? where is the loyalty? the sense of working for the greater
good? it's gone. TCM simply ABANDONS the list at the first opportunity,
and ignores the years of hard work that J.G. has put into it.
timmy, cpunks, etc. you are getting a lesson in REALITY. you are seeing
the logical conclusion of your views playing out before you.
acrimony, bitterness, resignation, chaos, confusion, cacaphony,

@_date: 1997-02-07 12:59:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: My messages not appearing on either of the lists? 
TCM defending Vulis, I think I've died and am in some strange
dreamworld. hehehehe

@_date: 1997-02-07 13:15:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: automated moderation system 
here's an idea for a simple "moderation" system with no
one-moderator bottleneck/choke point. I'm trying to come
up with a constructive solution with cyberspatial spirit.
please send me email if you would be willing to try this system. flames ignored. if there is enough support I may be able to
persuade a friend to write the code to do this.
a new mailing list is set up, one that gets posts from a
noisy mailing list. it filters the mail according to user
preferences, and sends it out to its own subscribers. the
filtering scheme is as follows:
a web site is set up that allows people to express their
own preferences as to who they wish to listen to in particular,
and who they wish to killfile, based on email address. first, they hit the web site
and have it send them a secret password to their email address.
then they use that password to edit their "pass" and "zap"
lists. (the password is for authentication)
now, the mailing list works as follows. people always receive
posts from people they put on their "pass" lists. mail from
entities on their "zap" lists is always trashed.
why are the lists kept on the server? the usefulness of this
scheme is that now you have information about all entities,
the number of votes to "pass" each entity, and the number of
votes to "zap" each entity. now lets say that the system is
considering sending me mail from someone that is neither on
my pass or zap lists. I have no personal info on it, but the
system could use the votes in some algorithmic way to decide
whether to send it to me or not. various experiments could
be tried to come up with a good scheme.
 my preference is at
the moment something like this: every person indicates how
much mail they wish to recieve from the list, and how much
of a delay is acceptable. the system uses this information
and the "pass/zap" ratio (or difference) to send out the
"highest rated" messages in a given time window. during
low list traffic, the messages that pass through would be
ranked lower. or, the system could have a ranking threshold
set by each individual user below which it will never pass the email.
my feeling is to keep these lists public, although the scheme
would allow a system that kept them private. of course I will
be flamed for this.
the system of course is essentially a reputation system, something
everyone here talks about but nobody really seems to know what
one is or how to set one up.
anyway, I hope to hear from anyone with comments. if you might
be able to support a cgi web site for the idea, please let me
know. technically the system is pretty straightforward. my experience with these systems is that the great difficulty is
getting people to try them, the "critical mass" problem.

@_date: 1997-02-14 12:57:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Keep it Simple and the Cypherpunk Way 
what TCM continues to stick his head in the sand over
is the fact that the list noise levels have gotten outlandishly
out of control over recent times, far beyond anything in memory. what is it due to? it appears that there is a basic law of cyberspace that S/N decreases as you add more people. it seems to be a very obvious and repeatable
there are some significant lessons about cryptoanarchy that are
completely evading TCM. how well does anarchy scale? apparently, not
well. TCM would like to pretend that just deleting posts and having
outsider filterers is a "solution" to the problem and argues for
business as usual, upholding the status quo.
the problem is that when you have a deteriorating situation, the
status quo is not a valid concept. keeping the status quo means
further deterioration.
TCM also fails to address the problem of AGENT PROVOCATEURS. the
cyberspace list is intensely fragile and susceptible/ vulnerable
to them as Vulis demonstrates. it only takes ONE and a lot of tentacles. does TCM propose a solution to this? no, of course not,
because he has a blind spot when it comes to realizing the
PATENTLY OBVIOUS FLAWS OF CRYPTOANARCHY that stare him in the face.
if cpunks had a formal way of making decisions, and some loyalty
to each other, instead of BAILING OUT at the slightest difficulty,
perhaps the situation would be different, eh? see how quickly people
who were once friends simply WALK OUT on each other in the cryptoanarchist
approach? where is the loyalty? the sense of working for the greater
good? it's gone. TCM simply ABANDONS the list at the first opportunity,
and ignores the years of hard work that J.G. has put into it.
timmy, cpunks, etc. you are getting a lesson in REALITY. you are seeing
the logical conclusion of your views playing out before you.
acrimony, bitterness, resignation, chaos, confusion, cacaphony,

@_date: 1997-02-01 13:56:14
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Junger web site 
PJ sent me his web site which others may be interested in,
with pointers to Karn and Bernstein:
so, essentially, there are now 3 pretty significant cases
challenging ITAR on constitutional grounds, which I find
highly encouraging. of course the Bernstein case has already
had very positive results so far.

@_date: 1997-02-03 13:44:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Govt & cyberspace 
DF raises the question of whether the IRS will be able to modernize in the lack of "intellectual capital" (i.e. brains).
This is actually a very interesting topic which I've not
seen a lot of analysis on elsewhere, but which I expect
to see a lot more in the future.
the basic issue is this: private industry is moving into
cyberspace at a lightening pace. yet the government is
painfully incapable of doing the same for reasons of bureacracy.
numerous articles have been documenting the inability of the
government to successfully pull of massive software and
hardware upgrade projects. I suspect it will only be a matter of time before this is
called a major "crisis" by politicians and milked for all
of its conceivable tax value. eeks.
I've seen a lot of articles about govt agencies in a computational crisis due to this problem. maybe someone
can come up with a cute tag item. "technology envy" maybe?
I read about how the FAA was trying to install a new flight
control system that's insanely over budget and lightyears
from a conceivable completion.
another *major* computation problem is the year 2000
crisis. private companies can barely get it together to
do the upgrading and investigation required to fix the
2000-flip problem. the government is even farther behind.
if there is going to be a year 2000 "crisis" due to the
millenium bug, I suspect much of it will be focused in
government agencies.
"tech envy"-- what impact is this going to have on our
government? it's becoming a huge issue. it may be a really great opportunity for a populist movement to
truly reform the government in the process of upgrading
their computers. I suspect that the "groupware" technology
that is just getting started will have major influence
in these areas. as private companies find increasingly
sophisticated ways of managing themselves, the obvious
question will arise, "why can't we have an efficient govt
when our private industries are"? the answer is, we
I've written about "electronic democracy" repeatedly. many
people object to the idea. but when it is phrased in terms
of groupware, it becomes more palatable. imagine a small
company humming along with its groupware application that
allows it to make company-wide decisions using a democratic
process. moreover, the software is robust and scales well.
why can't the same principles be scaled up, up, up? I predict
that they will be in a rather extraordinary revolution.
a new "velvet revolution"? comments anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-03 14:04:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
<* The mechanics of the announcement troubled me greatly. To be blunt, I was
<seething with anger. I was mightily annoyed to read that John had made a
<decision to appoint Sandy as his Moderator, with no discussion on the list.
<I don't know if Eric Hughes and Hugh Daniel were asked their opinions, but
<I certainly know I was not. I feel that as one of the two or three
<founders, depending on how one is counting, and as a frequent contributor
<to the list since its inception, and so on, I (and others) should at least
<have been told of this plan. Better yet, have the plans discussed on the
<list, as some good ideas may have been generated.
hi timmy, a word to the wise: it amuses me that whenever I referred
to a cypherpunk "community" my eyebrows were flamed off, by people
who claimed there was no such thing. a community has certain properties,
many of which I believe the cypherpunks "crowd" has always lacked.
one aspect of the "crowd" that is lacking is LEADERSHIP. I have pointed
this out again and again. the cpunks believe that leadership is no
longer relevant in a digital society, somehow. the list is in the
shape it is in because of POOR LEADERSHIP.. neither you nor EH care
about what LEADERSHIP entails, or wish to exert the sacrifices that
it requires. hence, you have, and have always had, a LEADERSHIP VACUUM.
and now you are "mightily annoyed", "pissed off" etc. that as a
"founder" you were not consulted? you weren't consulted because you
weren't a leader in the true sense of the word. are you in or out?
imho leadership does not merely entail writing posts and having a
completely laissaiz fair attitude about every single issue under the
sun, particularly those of dear importance to the list, such as how
to deal with crappy signal to noise ratios, intentional provocateurs,
people who seem to have ulterior agendas, etc.
I think it is highly amusing for you to get a lesson about how your
views about "anarchy" really work out. what does this anarchy thing
mean, anyway? is someone else taking over the list your idea of
what is represented by anarchy?   imho anarchy is a power vacuum
in which the events which have transpired, and that you perceive
as unpalatable to say the least, are inevitable.
<I'll have more to say about my problems with how things were handled.
<Frankly, it smacked of the same kind of fait accompli decision John made
<with the unsubscribing of Vulis. While John had (and has) every legal right
<to do with his property as he wished, the effect was very negative. First,
<Vulis found other ways to post (duh). Second, the list was consumed with
<flames about this, many from Vulis, and many from others. Third,
<journalists (who love sizzle over substance any day of the week) lept into
<the fray with articles which gave Vulis the publicity he craved. Fourth, it
<sent a message to enemies of liberty that "Even the Cypherpunks have found
<it necessary to abandon their anarchic ways."
"enemies of liberty"? hee, hee. anarchy was not a practical way of
running the list, and never has been, and now that the REALITY of the situation is PROVING this to you in an inescapable existence proof,
you find it impossible to confront the obvious message. timmy, a little
tip: anarchy, as you seem to conceive it, doesn't scale well, and both usenet and the cypherpunks list are eminent evidence of this.
<(I'm well aware of the issues with pests like Vulis, who seek to destroy
<virtual communities like ours. But the solution John used did not work, and
<generated more crap. As you all should know, it was John himself who coined
<the wonderful saying, "The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes
<around it." A delicious irony.)
which should encourage people to understand that there is a subtle difference between censorship and moderation.. or does the distinction
elude you? is there a difference in your opinion? you have plenty
of financial resources to start a mailing list of your own, what makes
you think it would be any more orderly than the one that is being run
here? in fact, do you understand how "anarchy" and "order" are mutually
exclusive, now that your own reality is shouting it to you?
<* The proper solution to bad speech is more speech, not censorship.
ah, so everyone should post 5 messages to the list, instead of 1, and
those that are quite should post 3. quite an elegant solution. do you
see how the silly rhetoric fails to hold up in reality? when will you
get a clue about where your own views are really leading you?
<* OK, even given that John had decided to censor "his" list, what about his
<choice of Sandy Sandfort as the censor? "moderator"-- does the word mean anything to you?
<(I count Sandy as a friend, but I'm just being honest here. Sandy is just
<not a "Peter Neumann" (moderator of the "RISKS" list).
you were free to propose another  moderator. moderation is hard work.
it takes a lot of time. who volunteered other than sandy?
<* I would have had no problem had John announced that he was creating a new
<list, the "Good Stuff" list, with Sandy has his Chooser of Good Stuff.
<After all, both Eric Blossom and Ray Arachelian already offer just such
<lists, and more would not hurt.
<But by making the _main list_ the censored one, this skewed things
anyone is free to subscribe to any list they choose, including the unfiltered
one. how is the reality different than that which you write? are you suggesting
that people are too lazy to make a coherent choose on their own? who
are you to argue with what everyone themself chooses?
<* The decision to "moderate" (censor) the Cypherpunks list is powerful
<ammunition to give to our opponents, and Vulis is certainly gleeful that
<his fondest wishes have been realized. And it won't work. People are
<consuming even more bandwidth arguing the merits of John's decision, the
<traffic is presumably being slowed down by the need for Sandy to wade
<through the traffic and stamp "Approved" or "Rejected" on what he glances
<at, and people are "testing the limits" of what they can say and what they
<can't say.
what's a better solution, in your opinion, besides ignoring it all and
pretending there is no problem?
<In any case, my several years with the list have taken a huge amount of my
<time. Given the way this whole thing was handled, and the way the list is
<degenerating even further, it looks like it's good that I'm moving on to
<other things.
ah, quite convenient excuse to bail out when no elegant solution seems
possible. blame all the problems on faux-reasons rather than an opportunity
for soul-searching.
<- the decision to censor the list was made without any discussion on the
<list, without any discussion with at least some of the longterm core
<contributors, and was presented as a "fait accompli."
by their own construction, all insisted that everyone be treated identically on the list, and that no such distinction be made about
"longterm core contributors"
but thanks for showing up and clarifying your position, timmy. what
a tragedy not to routinely see your smiling face here. I for one
have "taps" playing on my computer whenever I read the list as
a suitable memorial to your past greatness. viva la cypherpunks!

@_date: 1997-02-03 14:24:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Filling Power Vacuums 
And since I don't wish to assume the mantle
<of leadership, hmmmmmmmmmmmm, it seems to me that reliquishing that burden might entail
having decisions made that you do not agree with.
<I am resentful and suspicious of people who _do_ step into the
<"power vacuum" to lead and control.
<Now I grant you that Sandy's form of leadership and control is relatively
apparently in your brain, "lead" == "control"
<Yes, I'm seething. Sandy is right about that. I saw a group I helped create
<and spent thousands of hours on, writing articles and developing ideas
<choose--by fiat from the owner of the machine the list was being sent out
<from--to embrace the dark side, the control freak side. In the name of
<"comity," Sandy's term for the bonhomie he thinks he can cultivate, we lose
<our ideological purity.
hee, hee.
don't worry timmy, you'll feel better later after you've forgotten
that there was some deep lesson in all this.

@_date: 1997-05-01 08:47:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: mainstream media corruption same as govt 
there is nothing to be said for it except that it is one step up from
what is contributing to the inbred relationship between journalists and
politicians. once upon a time, a journalist did not try to curry favor
with politicians, it was not a non-antagonistic relationship nor was
it meant to be. today, journalists go to their feeding buffets called
"press conferences" and pass on uncritically what is fed to them. whatever
happened to the journalist who tried to dig for a real story? obviously
the truth does not come easily, and older style journalists were closer to
understanding this.
why is our press so screwed up? because it has been infiltrated at the
very highest echelons by the CIA with its own agenda, which itself is
being driven by another more sinister agenda behind the scenes. the press has reached the level of hypnotic proportions in its ability
to manipulate the perceptions of the populace. if the media is the eyes of the populace, then it has been increasingly blinded for several years. I encourage anyone to read anything by Ambrose Evans Pritchard,
a british journalist, to see the level of unwary mindless corruption
we are now wallowing in daily in this country, in both the media and
the crack cocaine situation in LA is a good example of how the truth
is buried by the media. a maverick newspaper reports something close to the
truth and the cia-manipulated mouthpieces around the country pile on
the journalist and the newspaper in a barrage of picks that choke the
truth in clouds of smoke.
the internet is breaking some of the press's stranglehold on communication
between citizens. I expect that the mainstream media is going to crumble
very soon as the public begins to realize how corrupted it has become,
both advertently and inadvertently.
in my opinion, the press has become as corrupt as the government. a pity,
because as Jefferson hoped, the press would become a control on the
government. the founding fathers seemed to have a lot of faith in the
integrity of humanity that does not seem to have entirely been borne out
by history.

@_date: 1997-05-01 08:50:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Rejecting Dialog with Government Vermin 
I rest my case. That's *bias* and essentially *bribery*, folks, and its
responsible for a good portion of the corruption of the media. and what's
more amusing, not a single reporter involved in it has any pangs of doubt.
DM is downright proud that he's so clever that he's figured out this
ingenious inbred system of you-scratch-my-back!! congratulations on your
ingenuity, DM!! you will truly go a long way with your clearly highly
negotiable and hockable ethical standards...! I see you must be eyeing the
NYT or the Washington Post, eh? (DM, imagine the manipulation that you are describing getting *worse*
as you rise to the top, with your scent of it only a small whiff in
comparison, and you begin to understand the corruption that infects
the reality that surrounds us..)

@_date: 1997-05-02 08:56:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: counterTCM post 
in the continuing series of counterTCMeme posts, I would like to
address a recent TCMeme on the subject of government.
TCM asserts that the president and congress have absolutely nothing
to offer american citizens, that any attempt to deal with them
is a total waste of time.
I generally agree that our democratic system has degenerated over
the decades, to the point of being scary and dangerous in places.
however, we can ask, why did it get to that point? I believe it is
not because of an inherent impracticality of the government or congress. rather, it is a failure of the citizens to maintain the
authority over their congressmen and president.
once upon a time, citizens saw congress and the president as their
servants. it led to a particular kind of ideology reflected in the
policies of the country.
over time, people gradually gave away this authority. they saw the
president and congress as having authority over citizens, instead of
vice versa.
TCM's idea of telling congress and the president to f*** off is actually,
in my opinion, an extreme case of people giving away their authority.
it is more of the same problem, not the solution. it is failing to address the root of the problem-- that the president and congress
must be put in a subservient relationship to the desires of the citizens.
citizens are failing to exercise their ability to remove and replace
those in power.
TCM quotes De ToqueVille, "the american experiment in democracy will
last until people begin to realize they can pick each other's pockets
at the voting booth". there is a fallacy and a truth in this at the
same time. the truth is that the citizenry is beginning to discover
that the government is the greatest pickpocket of all. if it redistributed its wealth, our economy would be better off. but instead the government
ties up vast amounts of wealth into (1) social programs that
redistribute only a fraction of the wealth they take in, the rest
caught up in bureacracy (2) weaponry that sits idle, and is so horrific
that it should never be used, and (3) a national debt of borrowed money.
so people are no longer trying to pick each other's pockets at the
voting booth, in my opinion, but realizing that the government itself is
picking everyone's pockets at tax time. everyone who pays money via taxes to the government is the employer
of those in government. when was the last time you exercised some
control over this money? or do you just sign it off? there are many
ways that individual citizens can create leverage over their government,
and increase their power over it. it is the opposite of the process
by which they have given their power away. it is reversable. but to unplug oneself from the monster one has created is not possible
as TCM is always campaigning. the monster will run around some more.
one must uncreate the monster in the same ways it was created.
I commend CDT and all other online groups for their organizational
motives and drive, and condemn TCM for his pissing on them. what is he doing?
he is just unplugging himself and asserting that the monster will no
longer exist if he refuses to believe in it.
the road to greater power is greater organization and unity while
preserving individuality. the individualism that TCM promotes is
actually ultimately disempowering and dangerous. the individual
has no power. the solution to an oppressive society is to fix the
society, not to try to find increasingly ingenious ways of hiding
from it. the society will always has means of becoming more
orwellian and surmounting whatever obstacles individuals place in it.
if something is broken, do you fix it, or abandon it? or shoot it? TCM is
always advocating the latter two. it's not a solution, and he knows it,
and everyone else here knows it too.

@_date: 1997-05-04 07:39:05
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Java woes on compatibility 
in a recent "PC Magazine" the story went into the compatibility problems
among different vendors versions of the Java language, predicting that
the problems may become worse. in short the vendors have a hard time
getting all the compliance exactly correct.
unfortunately, this same story happened with Unix and C such that the
libraries out there did not fully adhere to a standard, even when the
standard went into meticulous detail. is it the same insurmountable
problem all over again? can there ever really be a totally portable
language? java was invented to solve portability problems, but is
plagued with the same ones that other languages have.
what's the solution? it hasn't been implemented yet, but I believe the
solution is an extremely sophisticated verification package for the
correctness of the Java language. this type of idea is hinted in the
makefiles of some C programs that compile based on complex attempts
to avoid/workaround portability glitches. I saw one that did many
regression tests on "strcpy" trying to catch all the kinds of things
that can go wrong.
the idea is that you actually have code that tests all the key implementation
aspects of the library and language. it needs to be capable of being fully
automated. for example, you might have code that calls the java window kit and then actually verifies that a window is drawn correctly
by reading the screen or something like this. if you find that some things
are falling through the tests, you just add to your tests. the tests
don't need to be efficient-- you run them once and never again.
also, I think the solution would involve writing a lot of verification
routines for *every* feature of java that is implemented. the vendors
simply run the code on their own implementation and it gives a "pass or
fail" response. ideally, the java *user* could go through this process--
then the company cannot claim themselves that their implementation pass
it's all out in the open for customers to test themselves.
I would suggest that anything in the Java language that can't be tested like this, could be modified slightly to support this "testable" property, and that it would really pay off bigtime. in other
words, some part of the library that doesn't seem like it could be tested, could have extra little aspects added to its implementation that
support regression testing of the feature. (note that this is not
necessarily "regression" in the classic sense of software engineering,
but is very similar).
I've written software that has this property, that its verification routines are built into it and are accessable by the end user. I think
it represents a major new and important design consideration. and ultimately
I think it saves developers and users time in the long run, but perhaps
not the short run.
a lot of work? yes, but it's the only way in my opinion, and it can be
done in an elegant way. if it isn't I believe that portability problems
will *increase* as the article predicted, and the revolutionary possibilities
of Java will be forever handicapped and shortchanged.
note that some people think that you should have a certification process.
I don't like this at all because then the verification tools are caught
up inside the Java company when it makes sense to *distribute* these tools
so vendors can debug their own software without going through a bureacracy to get the stamp of approval. the verification suite is actually
an extremely powerful utility that can test Java conformance and should
be available to anyone trying to support the standard.
note also that it wouldn't have to be Sun that creates such a package.
in fact it might be better if someone not affiliated with the creation
of the Java language built such a package.
if anyone from Java/Sun is listening, I would be happy to consult on this.

@_date: 1997-05-08 08:34:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: My editorial in Oregonian newspaper published today. 
JB's editorial is so mild-mannered I can barely resist comment.
this from the JB we all know and love? this is so bland as to
be almost PC, and frankly I agreed with every statement in
it, virtually. how did he manage to avoid the label "assassination
politics"? in fact how does he avoid the label "assassination"
entirely? the whole system was based on killing people. what's
this about mere "protection" or "security"? JB, have you changed
your ideas? a common pot of money for a security force is not
a radical idea. a betting pool on deaths *is* not only radical,
but quite morally vacuous and depraved.
I think the main flimflammery in the essay is the concept of
"criminal". JB always advocated in the past that merely being
a bureacrat was virtually criminal, and that people would donate
money toward their demise. JB, you are going to get nailed for your obvious duplicity.
you should be ashamed of yourself. you are not only a advocate
of death, but someone who does so as weasely as any politician
hides his true views.  you are not being honest with your own ideas. you are just as much a hypocrite as the bureacrats you despise.
note to everyone: jim bell's editorial has virtually no relation
to his past essays. I propose that someone send that newspaper
his AP article.

@_date: 1997-05-11 13:09:39
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: timmy has finally lost it 
kC on TCM:
yeah, I've noticed that TCM is really uptight lately and has been way off
the scale (more so than usual) on the "panty-knot" scale. what gives,
Tim? I think the situation is mostly he's so upset that congress is
discussing bills with the words "crypto" in them, which is apparently
enough to make him cringe with terror.
when the CDA was being passed, I think his hemor^h^h^h rhetoric
swelled up then too as well. but look at what happened with the
CDA-- it got challenged, killed by lower courts, and is stuck in the supreme court, likely
to be struck down there too. far from the end of the world forecast
by some here.
the congressional crypto bills are generally a good thing, because
they are increasing public awareness of the issue. any bill that
is not fair or just is likely to be tested in the courts, and if
our system is beyond an orwellian tyranny, will be struck down.
do we have a constitution or not? if so, we have nothing to worry
about. (of course, I am not advocating doing nothing, but I am
advocating not panicking or calling for the "vaporization of washington"..)
there might actually be an advanteage in a very orwellian bill
*passing*. if it is struck down, perhaps no legislator would ever
try again, and those that tried would have their reputations marred
with widescale public infamy.
TCM is terrified by virtually anything that happens in govt, which is amusing and comical at times.

@_date: 1997-05-14 09:09:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Inducement of Rapid Oxidation of Certain Materials in or Near Government Buildings 
therefore, it is ok for civilians to murder government officials, or engage in any other damaging conduct.
CED (cypherpunk QED) endorsed by TCM, Bell, etc. ad nauseum

@_date: 1997-05-15 08:25:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: microstock market 
ultimately what cyberspace does in many ways is decrease
the "granularity" of economic transactions.
you can imagine that an economic transaction has an overhead
cost associatd with it needed to manage the bureacracy of
the cash transfer. the army of people that have to support
check passing, such as the mailman, bankers, etc., the people
in the company that have to open envelopes and punch
keys, etc. ad infinitum.
these vast teams/roles of people are going to vaporize to move
into other aspects of the economy. increasingly, the overhead
of an economic transaction will move toward the infinitesmal.
this radically changes many business models.
consider the stock market for example. you have a situation
where it doesn' t make sense for a company to be traded on
the stock market except after some threshhold has been reached.
I suspect this threshhold is due directly to economics that
could radically change in the near future (say a decade).
what I suspect this might mean is not merely new kinds of
stock markets, but a massive plethora of new forums in which
business can be transacted in cyberspace. I think we are
going to see many new stock exchanges as the capital moves
towards the ones that most efficiently handle it. and increasingly, I think you will see very small companies have
stocks. you will also see a much better means by which an
investor can judge the value of a company. the assets will
be more open and thoroughly revealed on public web sites
of the company. increasingly the outsider will be able
to "peer into" a company for investment or business purposes. the companies with the most open policies are going to be those most favored by their customers.
what would be neat is if one could invest in very small
companies or ideas. I suspect our economy is moving
in exactly this direction.
also in addition to this, I suspect that regulations governing stock transactions are going to be challenged
and increasingly melt away in the long run. the open market
will find its own ways of guaranteeing the safety of its
transactions that will make government interference
only draining or damaging.
so you can imagine that our economy of today is like moving
around big boulders-- you need a lot of people and organization
to create economic transactions. in the future, transactions
are going to decrease in granularity and you will have
a system more like the flow of electricity throughout an
entire system.
the revolutionary implications of cyberspace have barely
begun to be uncovered. ultimately it will radically change
the nature of our economics and government systems just
as the introduction of the printing press did in its

@_date: 1997-05-16 09:42:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Just Say "No" to Congress 
another counterTCMeme for the crowd here-- where else do you give
away vast sums of your cash and refuse to exercise any authority
over how it is spent?
this is the situation we find ourselves in our country. we have
vast sums of money automatically withheld from our paychecks,
yet the public has consistently refused to hold the government
accountable for what it does with the money.
the question is not "how do we hold the government accountable for
our cash" but, "*when* will we"?
again, TCM's total withdrawal is obviously not a solution.
anyone who disbelieves in the authority of the US government
yet sends them their tax money is a hypocrite.
perhaps that US government is a waste of time and effort.
but anyone who sends their cash to it are supporting it.
by withdrawing and still sending your cash, you have put
yourself in the worst possible position, the one that
the US Govt parasites would prefer above all others.

@_date: 1997-05-17 09:37:50
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: intellectual capital 
an interesting trend is occuring relative to the term
"intellectual capital" that BS's message reminds me of.
I've read recent issues of Forbes and "fast company" that
talk about the concept of "intellectual capital", the
former ridiculing it and the later glorifying it.
what is intellectual capital? in short, in the information
age, value becomes more and more abstract. you don't measure
value any more in a company by the number of heads, like
cattle, but in fact the volume of those heads. "intellectual
capital"-- one person may be worth ten times another based
on their contribution to the profitability of a company.
increasingly we are going to see business models that reflect
this truism, much to the dismay of "atom-based" companies
that will fight this trend tooth and nail, and die out
like dinosaurs kicking and screaming. we will see people
make money that relates far more to their actual contribution
to a company. if programmers are adding the most value, then
their salaries will reflect it. in a way, their salaries
already reflect it!
part of my posting the "microstock market" is that I hope
that this trend continues to the point that it may be possible
some day to have a stock market of ideas-- a far more conceptual construction in which value is related to the
people participating and their ideas, not the amount of
atoms/mass that is involved. I suspect such a thing will
eventually happen.
I think in the future we will also see ways of growing companies
from the very most seed-like idea to the mass manufacturing
system. there will be some kind of cohesion and elegance about
the whole thing, as the process is recognized as basic as
growing plants. a neat book I would recommend to anyone is called "accidental
empires" by an infoworld columnist on the computer industry
that hints on some of these ideas.
on to BS..
intellectual capital. imagine everyone's resumes being posted
on their web site. it may be hard to judge, but the information
is there for you if you have some kind of measure. such systems
already exist today for some companies. you see everyone's
resume online. also, in companies in which people have individual
web pages describing internal company projects, I suspect increasingly
these pages will be open to the outside world so customers can
better judge the value of a company.
[ideas] may need privacy to the question to ask is about "open standards" in the computer
industry. ultimately I think this is a concept that will become
far more global than merely electronics and software but begin
to permeate the entire economic system. notice that it is possible
for companies to survive, even thrive, on open standards. everyone
benefits. it's not a "us vs. them" thing any more, a paradigm
shift that requires some people to rethink their approaches
and attitudes. (bill gates would be one example of this. he has
found in the past that he made enemies out of companies that were
not really his enemy. see the "accidental empire" book).
however I do agree there is a role for secrecy even in this
system. however openness/publicity will tend to be the new
norm, instead of closed-up boxes as it is now.
yes, what I see in the computer industry is that increasingly because
the intellectual capital is so valuable, you are going to see situations
in which valuable players become like "free agents". they move around
teams, they have people who do nothing but figure out where to plug
them into, and their salaries are very high. this is happening right
now in the computer industry. the concept of working at one company
or another is increasingly less relevant. I've not seen many good books
or articles on this amazing phenomenon, and hope that some people
might be able to cite some.
I agree. venture capital firms are on the leading edge of understanding
the importance of "intellectual capital" and what it adds to a company.
although I've heard horror stories of VC firms that just throw a lot
of money around without the slightest clue about the technology
involved. I suspect the converse is true that there are some very
sophisticated technology-only VC firms that go over the technology
they are funding with a fine-toothed comb. the image of VC is that
it is very chaotic and hit or miss but I wonder if some VC firms
are becoming far more scientific than throwing darts ...
  Information wants to be free,
intellectual capital is what transforms mere information into profit. there is a proportion going on here that might be exponential (profit is exponentially related to intellectual
capital?)  unfortunately while I believe IC exists, it is very
hard to measure. it's like an intelligence test. everyone agrees
that "intelligence exists", but no one has found a foolproof
way to measure it. oh well, the market will support those who
come the closest to the optimum.
  The nets can improve the
tremendously. in fact I think our future economy is going to become
extremely web-based. customers and companies will all use the web
to interface with each other. companies without web pages will be
considered extremely gauche.
there is a neat idea in "accidental empires" that involves the idea of a software studio, which I think is a great idea. in short,
the idea is to make software creation like moviemaking. you begin
from the start in assuming that you may or may not have a hit.
you hire contract workers who get a piece of the final action.
the contract workers move onto new projects all the time. I think
this could be a very powerful model, which is already being used
in the production of computer games.
p.s. thanks for taking me seriously BS

@_date: 1997-05-17 09:50:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Just Say "No" to Congress 
ok truthmonger, after someone has stolen your money, do you
report it to the police, or do you just sit around and
curse the evildoer? what is your response when your money
is stolen?
if you do report the thief to the police, what is the equivalent
of doing this with government tax money?
 the basic idea is that "he who does nothing has
no right to complain, but of course that has never stopped
anyone from complaining"

@_date: 1997-05-17 09:57:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Disinformation from folks like Kent on this list 
ah, kent crispin is a man after my own heart. good work Kent,
keep at it, and hone your style, after many months you may
be able to create seething cascading flamewars with only a few
posts. (hee, hee) the idea is to find the hot button of your
opponent, and then push it endlessly. wheeeeeeee!!! cypherpunks
have a *lot* of hotbuttons, I can assure you.
keep up the good work, Kent, uh, if that is really your real
name (heh heh)
history is a clear example of this. only an anarchist such as yourself
would contest such a blatently obvious fact. if you do argue against it,
you're clearly using some concept of "anarchy" not commonly understood.
but of course, that has always been what you are doing. here is a question
for you: are there any synonyms in the english language that come closer
to what you are advocating than "anarchy"? surely you can think of some.
but of course, the word "anarchy" was very deliberately chosen.
as others have noted, the "cypherpunk vocabulary" is a bit different
than that used by most english-speaking people. the cypherpunks have
their own vocabulary in which words like "democracy, anarchy, leadership" etc. become highly charged words with new meanings. a
complex culture.
anyone with more interest should see  an amusing
site on the subject of "cypherpunk sociology" etc.
oh, the horror that he hasn't read every single post of yours and your
tedious and disorganized "faq". ahem, I credit you for putting in a lot
of time into the project, but perhaps you would get more bang for your
buck designing chips or whatever it was you used to do.  eeeks, that
came out sounding pretty horrible, please rest assured that if it sounded
offensive I didn't *mean* it that way!!! thanks for your understanding
and patience.
has there ever been a period in history that you cite as "anarchy" that
you would hold up as an example of what you are talking about?
if not, why is it that nobody has stumbled on it in the millenia of
human social systems?
nothing delights me more in pushing hotbuttons or seeing a young
up-and-coming whippersnapper with a good taste for the same. beep, beep, BEEP
a man after my own heart. kent, keep up the good work.
Tim, please go away.
Tim is one of several people who pretends to have started this list, brainwashes everyone with his core values, and seeks to mold it into
his own image with innuendos, camouflaged spam, insults, and Only one response is warranted to the cryptonarchists who claim that a nonviolent anarchy exists: "Death to Cryptoanarchists!"

@_date: 1997-05-19 05:22:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Just Say "No" to Congress 
right. and those who do nothing to change this, certainly can't expect
that it will ever change.  but in fact it *has* changed before. it
wasn't always the case that money was withhold. this law was introduced
during WWII as I understand it.
is it true that something that can be done cannot be undone? or can
the withholding tax be undone just as it was done? a certain amount
of energy was expended in creating the situation that we find ourselves
in-- decades of entrenchment. I submit that exactly the same amount
of energy applied to the problem can *undo* it. it's a simple concept
of conservation of energy. granted, a lot of energy is involved, I don't
deny that. but *no* energy will get you absolutely nowhere. what others are claiming is that no amount of energy will change
anything, so why bother? indeed, why bother with your life at all?
perhaps suicide is the easiest and ultimate solution for people who
think this way. there are things in your life that you think you
can change, right? why is the tax system not included in that category?
I agree, one person cannot change the system. do not give me examples
where one person failed. this is conservation of peoplehood; if many
people were involved in its creation, than many must be involved in
its destruction.
just out of curiosity timmy, what would you think is more likely?
oh really? here are some questions that anyone can ask about
why their money was stolen.
1. who is the person who stole my money?
2. why did they steal it?
3. what could prevent it from being stolen?
4. what can I do to protect my money from being stolen?
government construction is an *engineering* problem. you cannot
build something without putting thought and labor into it.
I believe that if cpunks put their mind to it, they could create
a better system than we now have-- and it wouldn't be anarchy (which
is no system at all).
what if you showed up on the doorstep of a politician of your choice
who you thought was stealing money from you? what if not only you
but many people did this? would the government change? would they
shoot you?
I don't buy into the alienation and cynicism on this list peddled
by TCM, truthmonger, et.al., and I suggest that anyone else who
does is selling themself short, and in fact part of the problem and
not the solution.

@_date: 1997-05-30 08:38:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Surveillance State Delayed 
not sure if you are referring to TCM here as a "gloom and doom" type.
but it seems that we ought to be able to design a government that
does not rely on the supposed inherent incompetence of bureacrats
and or humans in general for security of the citizen. in other words,
your general argument that "see!! feds are really STUPID!! they wouldn't be SMART enough to infringe on your rights!!" is a pretty
lame argument overall.
state power in the US, as it stands currently. but what the past shows
is that government can change abruptly. it only matters who is in power. I think what people here are worried about are abrupt changes
in the government, which can happen quite fast with e.g. new laws that are legislated. there are plenty of cases
where the entire government has changed radically *without* even
law changes. the manipulation of the ITAR and e.g. the recent
changing in policy relative to the amount of money that is reported
to FinCEN by banks are good examples. the government can change its
mind on a dime.   Citizenship applicants have submitted vast quantities of information a totalitarian state is quite possible, although difficult to conceive
of. it's a problem that some people
are interested in solving. what is most difficult is an "invisible
tyranny" in which the inhabitants are not even aware of their
imprisonment, and perhaps even defend such a situation.
 a system that we live in right now, imho. (but to elaborate on this would rely on conspiracy theories)

@_date: 1997-06-11 08:54:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Untraceable Contract Killings 
why be bashful, timmy? go ahead and say it. "I invented the concept of anonymous contract killings via cyberspace, and I'm quite proud of this, and it annoys me when people don't give me proper credit"

@_date: 1997-06-18 11:44:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Declan as a Crime Beat Reporter 
ah, so lets see, given your strange fascination with the mafia and
mafia-like ventures such as Blacknet and anonymous digital-cash
funded cyberspace assassination, that would make you a prime
Declan follower and admirer.
hee, hee, I hope that Declan comes up with an amusing mishmash of your
own life. turnabout is fair play. maybe if he doesn't, someone else
can take a stab at satirizing mr. debauched millionaire playboy
who dabbles in cryptography theory.

@_date: 1997-06-18 11:59:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Tao 
the crass, ignorant, and materialistic mistake the Tao for the Dow.
when the Dow melts down, those that believe in it will be as shattered
as those clinging to a false religion. they will be like the priests of a fallen hypocrisy. this is the way of the
Tao, to arrive at truth by swimming through falsity. for
the master it need not be so. but masters are rare. if they
were not rare, it would not be the Tao.

@_date: 1997-06-20 09:11:19
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: new money systems 
I've written frequently on ideas about money here. not too long
ago I suggested that stocks are actually becoming a kind of a
currency, and that a diversity of currencies is actually
preferrable to a uniformity.
after a lot of research, I've come across some neat new technology
that cypherpunks might be interested in.
the use of money lies at the root of social interactions. what
kind of properties does that money have? those properties are
likely to influence the social interactions that ensue.
in this country, our money supply is controlled by the federal
reserve, which is actually a private banking system. there
are some people who claim that key parts of it are being
kept secret from the public, such as the controlling interests.
there is definitely little doubt that board meetings of the fed
are held in the strictest of secrecy.
in the computer industry, all software and hardware is moving
toward open standards. could this ideal translate to our money system
as well? I suspect it can.
some very reputable people are beginning to reexamine our money
system and conclude that it is not that we are competing for
scarce resources via money, but that we are competing for scarce money
utilizing resources in the process. this involves the problem of
creating money and then charging interest on this fictitious entity, as opposed to charging interest on money that is actually
backed by energy and not debt.
after a lot of study I've concluded that the entire money system
functions like a massive electrical circuit. this is related to
ideas presented in a mysterious document called "silent weapons
for quiet wars" which I highly recommend to anyone on the list.
some will claim it is fraudulent, but I've decided the ideas
it presents are extremely genuine, regardless of the source or
motives behind the writing.
in an electrical circuit, you have the problem of resistence
gumming up the works. engineers spend their entire lives trying
to squeeze electrical efficiency out of their devices. yet
the largest electrical circuit of all, of the greatest importance
to the health and well-being of the entire planet, I believe
has gone largely unexamined. quite possibly the electrical circuit
that comprises our world economy has large amounts of undesirable
resistance. this manifests in a very subtle way-- not direclty as
inflation, not interest rates, but as a difficulty in obtaining money.
in a system with less resistance, money would actually be easier to obtain.
and in fact many have reason to believe the world economy has been intentionally designed/manipulate to have
undesirable properties, such as creating an invisible and
undetectable slavery.
imagine that I have a rat on a wheel, and I am using its power to
drive my machines. part of the energy the rat expends goes into moving food pellets into its box. but the remaining energy I siphon
off for my own ends. the rat does not realize that it doesn't in theory
have to expend as much energy as it is doing to live, and does not
question its existence as long as it lives. but I can use this energy
for my own agenda.
would it be possible to create such a system using money? are *we* the rats on the treadmill? is all our money energy going toward
feeding ourselves, or is some of it being siphoned off? others who
have written intelligently on the subject are suggesting exactly that--
that a system of invisible slavery is now in existence and actually
pervades our culture. it is involved in the way the fed creates
money and manipulates interest rates, charging interest on money
that isn't truly backed by energy.
consider these questions:
1. why is it that even as our economy becomes "more productive", we
have to work harder? families now require more than one wage earner
when before they did not?
2. there are statistics that show in earlier times, it took [x]
farmers to produce the food for the population, such that the ratio
was something like 1 to 2 or so. now the ratio is nearly 1 to 60
or greater. why does this not translate into more free time for
everyone? could it be there is a means by which some entity can
siphon off our spare energy and time?
3. if someone is siphoning off energy from *everyone* simultaneously,
could it be detected in our system? how?
what's the solution? some are looking toward "alternative" or "local"
currencies. there are some cases such that local communities experienced
more efficient economies when they resorted to local currencies out
of desperation. this has extreme relevance to the cypherpunk ideals of trying to
extricate oneself from the "powers that be" and be a sovereign individual, particularly using technical means. it is possible that
new kinds of digital currencies will flourish, and that will not
be tied to what appears to be a very sinister system involving
the federal reserve.
some interesting ideas in new money, including digital cash,
 can be found at also, there is a system called "LETS" (local exchange transaction
system) that is getting more exposure and acceptance.
I believe that in the future there will be more and more propaganda
relative to money systems, and I hope that those here will have
a head start in understanding the secret agendas of others.
I hope others will post on this subject in the future. as I say, I believe
it is of extreme cypherpunk relevance.

@_date: 1997-06-20 09:19:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "how washington is strangling america" 
.
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
X-No-Archive: Yes
FORWARDED On Sun, 15 Jun 1997 19:17:32, RoxanneJohnson
TO ALL PATRIOTS AND OTHER CONCERNED CITIZENS:
Here is an excellent book to read if you haven't read it already.  You can
acquire a copy thru Waldenbooks or Dalton Books or at your library (if they
carry it).  It is called A CALL FOR REVOLUTION---HOW WASHINGTON IS
STRANGLING AMERICA--AND HOW TO STOP IT by Martin L. Gross.  Below is a
brief synopsis of the book.
WE THE PEOPLE ARE ANGRY!
All across the nation, Americans are gasping for breath, waking up to find
the tentacles of Washington wrapped firmly around their necks--and
pocketbooks.  In his NEW YORK TIMES bestseller, THE GOVERNMENT RACKET:
WASHINGTON WASTE FROM A TO Z, Martin L. Gross exposed the wasteful
practices of Washington.  Now, in A CALL FOR REVOLUTION, Gross digs far
beneath that waste to uncover the startling but undeniable truth:  the core
of government is rotten.  WE'RE BEING STRANGLED BY:
*  TAX LAWS THAT DESTROY THE MIDDLE CLASS:  In 1950, a middle-class family
living in Long Island had a total tax burden of 12 percent of its income.
Today, that same family has a tax burden more than three times as much.
*  THE WELFARE PROGRAM, A NATIONAL DISGRACE:  The welfare system costs the
taxpayer more than $300 billion a year -- but if Uncle Sam wrote annual
checks for $14,700 to all 7.7 million poor families, if would cost only
$113 billion a year.
*  THE TWO PARTY DICTATORSHIP:  The Majority Leader (not elected by
voters!) has twenty-six PARTY workers on his staff -- all on the federal
payroll.  The total party tab in Congress is $20 million a year -- all paid
by taxpayers.
*  A POWER-MAD WASHINGTON:  Our cities and states are continually subjected
to unfunded mandates from the government.  Anchorage, Alaska, was forced to
pollute its waste water with fish guts, then treat the organic material in
order to comply with federal regulations.  Washington's rules will cost
that small city -- not Uncle Sam -- $428 million.
*  A BLOATED AND INDIFFERENT CONGRESS:  Congress operates at a price tag of
up to $2.8 billion a year, or some $5 million a member.  What does that get
us?  In 1991, the House passed a $151 billion highway bill -- at a cost of
$2,300 for each family of four -- without ever reading it.
Scathingly honest and crammed with investigative reporting, A CALL FOR
REVOLUTION takes us through the treacherous waters of government, offering
direct ways to correct the corruption, end the inefficiency, and tighten
the belt around the Beltway so that the federal government -- and democracy

@_date: 1997-06-21 13:20:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: fbi+eu mass wiretapping? 
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
X-No-Archive: Yes
FORWARDED On Thu, 19 Jun 1997 15:19:36 -0400, "Mark A. Smith"
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
     European Union and FBI launch global surveillance system
          -------------------
          From Statewatch,
          25 February 1997,
          London, UK
          -------------------
          "The EU, in cooperation with the FBI of the USA, is launching
          a system of global surveillance of communications to combat
          "serious crime" and to protect "national security", but to do
          this they are creating a system which can monitor everyone
          and everything. The EU will be able to trawl the airwaves for
          "subversive" thoughts and "dissident" views and, with its
          partners, across the globe."
          "It seems extraordinary given the concern over the Police
          Bill in the UK and the "Clipper chip" in the USA that there
          has been no debate over the creation of a global telephone
          tapping system initiated by the EU and the USA and supported
          by Canada, Australia, Norway and Hong Kong."
          "the UK Parliament, like many others in the EU, has been by-
          passed in the most blatant way. To claim as the Home
          Secretary does that the "Memorandum of Understanding" is "not
          a significant document" and to fail to send the main EU
          Council Resolution to parliament for scrutiny is quite
          extraordinary when the Police Bill - which extends police
          surveillance - is going through parliament."
          OVERVIEW
          EU-FBI: global tapping system
          The Council of the European Union and the FBI in Washington,
          USA have been cooperating for the past five years on a plan
          to introduce a global telecommunications tapping system.
          The system takes advantage of the liberalisation of
          telecommunications - where private companies are taking over
          from national telephone systems - and the replacement of
          land/sea based lines and microwave towers by satellite
          communications.
          Telephone lines are now partly land-based or under sea or via
          microwave land-based towers but the new generation of
          telecommunications will be totally satellite based.
          The EU-FBI initiative notes the demise of:
            1. state-owned telephone companies
            2. nationally-based telephone systems is concerned about:
            3. the problems faced with intercepting "mobile" phones and
               encrypted communications and wants to ensure:
            4. there is harmonisation of national laws on interception
            5. to ensure that telecommunications provider business
               cooperate with the police and internal security
            6. the equipment produced has standards which can be
               intercepted
            7. as many countries as possible to sign up and thus create
               a de facto global system (through provisions of
               equipment etc to third countries)
          A related disclosure in a book by Nicky Hager shows that
          instead of "suspects" and "targets" the ECHELON system simply
          trawls the airwaves for "subversive thoughts" in written form
          and increasingly in verbal form.
          ECHELON is run under the 1948 UKUSA agreement by the US, UK,
          Canada, New Zealand and Australia.
          REPORT
          The Trevi decision
          The first reference to this initiative was at a Trevi
          Ministers meeting in December 1991 which decided that:
               "a study should be made of the effects of legal,
               technical and market developments within the
               telecommunications sector on the different
               interception possibilities and of what action
               should be taken to counter the problems that have
               become apparent"
          At the meeting of Trevi Ministers in Copenhagen in June 1993
          they agreed the text of a "questionnaire on phone tapping"
          which was sent to each Member State in July 1993 and to the
          new members (Finland, Sweden and Austria) in September 1993
          (see below).
          EU-FBI linkup
          At the first meeting of the new Council of Justice and Home
          Affairs Ministers in Brussels on 29-30 November 1993 they
          adopted the following Resolution on "the interception of
          telecommunications" which speaks for itself and reproduced
          here in full:
          "COUNCIL RESOLUTION ON THE INTERCEPTION OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS
          The Council:
            1. calls upon the expert group to compare the requirements
               of the Member States of the Union with those of the FBI;
            2. agrees that the requirements of the Member States of the
               Union will be conveyed to the third countries which
               attended the FBI meeting in Quantico and were mentioned
               in the memorandum approved by the Ministers at their
               meeting in Copenhagen (Sweden, Norway, Finland
               (countries applying for accession to the European
               Communities), the USA and Canada) in order to avoid a
               discussion based solely on the requirements of the FBI;
            3. approves for practical reasons the extension to Hong
               Kong, Australia and New Zealand (which attended the FBI
               seminar) of the decision on co-operation with third
               countries which was taken at the Ministerial meeting in
               Copenhagen;
            4. hereby decides that informal talks with the above-named
               countries may be envisaged: to that end the Presidency
               and the expert group might, for example, organize a
               meeting with those third countries to exchange
               information."
          Source: "Interception of communications", report to COREPER,
          ENFOPOL 40, 10090/93, Confidential, Brussels, 16.11.93.
          Main Resolution on the "lawful interception of
          communications"
          The draft Resolution on the "lawful interception of
          communications", an initiative by the Netherlands (which set
          out the "Requirements", see below) was discussed in the K4
          Committee in March, April, November and December 1994.
          The JHA Council discussed the draft Resolution in March 1994
          but it was only formally adopted by "written procedure" (by
          telexes to Member States dated 21.12.94, 9.1.95, and 18.1.95:
          source Council of the European Union; the last date is after
          the Resolution was agreed) on 17 January 1995. The decision
          was not published in any form for almost two years - on 4
          November 1996 it finally appeared in the Official Journal.
          The Resolution has three parts: First, the short Resolution
          which says:
               "the legally authorised interception of
               telecommunications is an important tool for the
               protection of national interest, in particular
               national security and the investigation of serious
               crime."
          Second, the "REQUIREMENTS" which place a whole series of
          obligations on: network providers, eg: satellite
          communications networks; and on service providers, who
          provide the equipment for national telecom centres, business,
          groups and individuals. And finally, a Glossary of
          definitions.
          The "Requirements" are based on the needs of "law enforcement
          agencies" (defined as "a service authorised by law to carry
          out telecommunications interceptions") who "require access to
          the entire telecommunications transmitted.. by the
          interception subject" (defined as: "Person or persons
          identified in the lawful authorisation and whose incoming and
          outgoing communications are to be intercepted") who is the
          subject of an "interception order" defined as: "An order
          placed on a network operator/service provider for assisting a
          law enforcement agency with a lawfully authorised
          telecommunications interception."
          The "law enforcement agencies" are required to be provided
          with access not just to the content of a communication, in
          whatever, form, but also "associated data", "post-connection"
          signals (eg: conference calling or call transfer), all
          numbers called, all numbers called by - in both cases even if
          a connection is not made - plus "realtime, fulltime
          monitoring capability", the location of mobile subscribers,
          simultaneous and multiple interceptions "by more than one law
          enforcement agency", and "roaming" by mobile phone users
          "outside their designated home serving area".
          The network operators and service providers are expected to
          provide "one or several" permanent "interfaces from which the
          intercepted communications can be transmitted to the law
          enforcement monitoring facility." And, if they provide
          "encoding, compression or encryption" to the customer they
          must provide it en clair (decrypted) to the law enforcement
          agencies.
          Finally, they are obliged to ensure that:
               "neither the interception target nor any other
               authorised person is aware of any changes made to
               fulfil the interception order... [and] to protect
               information on which and how many interceptions are
               being or have been performed, and not to disclose
               information on how interceptions are carried out."
          Source: "Memorandum of Understanding concerning the lawful
          interception of telecommunications", ENFOPOL 112, 10037/95,
          Limite, Brussels, 25.11.95; this report contains the
          "Memorandum" with the Resolution adopted on 17 January 1965
          attached. The Resolution was published in the Official
          Journal on 4.11.96, ref: C 329 pages 1-6.
          Memorandum of Understanding on the Legal Interception of
          Telecommunications
          The "Memorandum of understanding with third countries" (later
          described as the "Memorandum of Understanding on the Legal
          Interception of Telecommunications") was discussed at the K4
          Committee in November 1994.
          The significance of the "Memorandum" is that it extends the
          agreement on the surveillance of telecommunications to non-EU
          countries who are being invited to adopt it - and with it the
          "Requirements".
          The Memorandum of Understanding was signed by the 15 EU
          Member States on 23 November 1995 at the meeting of the
          Council of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers.
          The contact addresses for signatory countries and for further
          information, which confirms the EU-USA link, should be sent
          to:
            a. Director Federal Bureau of Investigation, Attention:
               Information Resource Division, 10 Pennsylvania Avenue,
               N.W., Washington D.C. 20535
            b. General Secretary of the Council of the European Union,
               FAO The President, Rue de la Loi 175, B-1048 Brussels,
               Belgium."
          The number of signatories to the "Memorandum" is open-ended,
          any country can join providing the existing member states
          agree.
          It invites "participants" because "the possibilities for
          intercepting telecommunications are becoming increasingly
          threatened" and there is a need to introduce "international
          interception standards" and "norms for the telecommunications
          industry for carrying out interception orders" in order to
          "fight.. organised crime and for the protection of national
          security."
          The strategy appears to be to first get the "Western world"
          (EU, US plus allies) to agree "norms" and "procedures" and
          then to sell these products to Third World countries - who
          even if they do not agree to "interception orders" will find
          their telecommunications monitored by ECHELON (see below) the
          minute it hit the airwaves.
          Source: "Memorandum of Understanding concerning the lawful
          interception of telecommunications", ENFOPOL 112, 10037/95,
          Limite, Brussels, 25.11.95.
          "not a significant document" - the Home Secretary
          The Chair of the Select Committee on the European Communities
          in the House of Lords, Lord Tordoff, took up the "Memorandum"
          with the Home Secretary, Michael Howard, in an exchange of
          letters on the Committee~s access to documents for scrutiny.
          On the subject of the "Memorandum of Understanding on the
          Legal Interception of Telecommunications" Mr Howard told Lord
          Tordoff:
               "The Memorandum of Understanding is a set of
               practical guidelines to third countries on the
               lawful interception of telecommunications. It is
               NOT A SIGNIFICANT DOCUMENT and does not, therefore,
               appear to meet the criteria for Parliamentary
               scrutiny of Title VI documents." (emphasis added)
          It is quite clear from this Briefing that the "Memorandum" is
          not an insignificant document concerning as it does a EU-US
          plan for global telecommunications surveillance.
          The "Memorandum" itself is just two pages. It is the full
          text of the "Resolution" attached to it which demonstrates
          its full meaning.
          However, not only did Mr Howard not think the "Memorandum"
          was "a significant document" he also apparently believes the
          attached Resolution also insignificant as he did not submit
          it to the House of Lords Committee for scrutiny prior to its
          adoption in January 1995 or thereafter.
          Source: Correspondence with Ministers, 9th Session 1995-96,
          HL 74, pages 26-29.
          Letter to international standards bodies
          In December 1995 COREPER agreed a letter to be sent out to
          "international standardisation bodies in the field of
          telecommunications" (IEC, ISO and ITU). The letter said:
               "Modern telecommunications systems present the risk
               of not permitting the lawful interception of
               telecommunications if they have not been adapted,
               at the standardisation and design stage, to allow
               such interception."
          These bodies are "invited" to take account of the
          requirements of the Council Resolution of 17 January 1995 and
          told that Member States would be applying "these requirements
          to network operators and providers of services".
          The December 1995 letter to international standards bodies
          and the publication of the main Resolution in November 1996
          in the Official Journal announced to manufacturers of
          equipment and service providers that they will be expected to
          meet the "Requirements" allowing surveillance for any new
          contracts within the EU and via the "Memorandum" that these
          standards would also apply to any countries signing up to it
          - for example, the USA.
          Source: "Draft letter to be sent to the international
          standardisation bodies concerning the Council Resolution of
          17 January 1995 on the lawful interception of
          communications", Council General Secretariat to
          COREPER/COUNCIL, ENFOPOL 166, 12798/95, Limite, 14.12.95.
          Letter to non EU countries
          At its meeting on 28-29 November 1996 the Council of Justice
          and Home Affairs Ministers agreed a "draft letter" prepared
          by the K4 Committee to "non EU participants in the informal
          international Law Enforcement Telecommunications Seminar".
          "The letter.. informs you of the wider international support
          for the "Requirements" annexed to the Council Resolution.
          The Council considers that the lawful monitoring of
          telecommunications systems is an important tool in the
          prevention and detection of serious crimes and in
          safeguarding national security. Mindful of new technological
          developments in the field of telecommunications, the Council
          adopted the Resolution of 17 January, 1996 laying down
          technical Requirements, for the lawful interception of
          telecommunications. The Member States of the European Union
          have been called upon to apply those Requirements to
          telecommunications operators and service providers...
          The "Requirements" have been discussed by interception
          experts from EU Member States with colleagues from other
          countries which are equally concerned to ensure that adequate
          technical provision is made for legally authorized
          interception in modern telecommunications technologies.
          Arising from those discussions which have taken place during
          a seminar, the Council of the European Union has received
          expressions of support for the Requirements from Australia,
          Canada, Norway and the United States of America. In
          particular, the relevant authorities In those countries have
          undertaken to (i) have the Requirements taken into account in
          their appropriate national policies and (ii) use the
          Requirements as a basis for discussions with the
          telecommunications industry, standards bodies and
          telecommunications operators...
          You are invited to take note of this letter for the purpose
          of your further discussions with the telecommunications
          industry standards bodies and telecommunications operators.
          The President, for the Council of the European Union."
          Source: "Draft letter to non EU participants in the informal
          international Law Enforcement Telecommunications Seminar
          regarding the Council Resolution", ENFOPOL 180, 11282/96,
          Limite 6.11.96.
          Behind the scenes
          Behind the formal decisions and letters the various Working
          Parties under the K4 Committee were at work on the details.
          In January 1995 the Police Cooperation Working Group, which
          comes under the K4 Committee, considered a report by the UK
          delegation on the problems presented by the next generation
          of satellite-based telecommunications systems which should be
          able to:
               " ~"tag" each individual subscriber in view of a
               possibly necessary surveillance activity."
          The report said that the new mobile individual communications
          working through satellites were already underway and unlike
          the current earth-bound systems based on GSM-technology would
          "in many cases operate from outside the national territory".
          The rationale for the plan was that these new systems:
               "will provide unique possibilities for organised
               crime and will lead to new threats to national
               security".
          The report said all the new systems have to have the
          capability to place all individuals under surveillance - the
          product of "tagging" individual phone lines could therefore
          easily be extended to political activists, "suspected"
          illegal migrants and others.
          The fact that the new systems were being developed by large
          private international corporations, not national state-run
          systems, created "unusual problems for the legally permitted
          surveillance of telecommunications". The first problem to
          surface, according to the report, was that:
               "initial contacts with various consortia... has met
               with the most diverse reactions, ranging from great
               willingness to cooperate on the one hand, to an
               almost total refusal even to discuss the question."
          It goes on to say:
               "it is very urgent for governments and/or
               legislative institutions to make the new consortia
               aware of their duties. The government will also
               have to create new regulations for international
               cooperation so that the necessary surveillance will
               be able to operate."
          Another "problem" for surveillance under the new systems is
          that satellites will communicate with earth-bound stations
          which will function as distribution points for a number of
          adjoining countries - there will not be a distribution point
          in every country. While the existing "methods of legally
          permitted surveillance of immobile and mobile
          telecommunications have hitherto depended on national
          infrastructures" (italics added). The:
               "providers of these new systems do not come under
               the legal guidelines used hitherto for a legal
               surveillance of telecommunications."
          The report says it would be difficult to monitor the "upward
          and downward connections to the distribution point" so the
          "tag" would start the surveillance at "the first earthbound
          distribution point".
          Due to the number of different countries that might be
          involved in making a connection it has been agreed that the
          following "relevant data" should be provided: "the number of
          the subscriber calling, the number of the subscriber being
          called, the numbers of all subscribers called thereafter".
          The report uses the example of a subscriber who is a national
          of country A, with a telephone subscription in country B
          (supplying the relevant data for the "tag"), who occasionally
          uses the system in country C which uses the distribution
          point in country D (which conducts the surveillance) and who
          is in contact with a person in country E concerning a
          suspected serious crime in country F.
          The report with a series of recommendations including
          amendments to national laws to "ensure that surveillance will
          be possible within the new systems" and that "all those who
          are involved in planning the new systems" should be made
          aware of "the demands of legally permitted surveillance".
          A later report from the same Working Party, in June 1995,
          concludes:
               "These new telecommunications systems have much in
               common with existing mobile phone systems... [and]
               will very quickly develop into a global problem,
               which looks like it can only be controlled by
               global cooperation of a hitherto unknown degree."
          Sources: "Legally permitted surveillance of
          telecommunications systems provided from a point outside the
          national territory", report from the UK delegation to the
          Working Group on Police Cooperation, ENFOPOL 1, 4118/95,
          Restricted, 9.1.95; Report from the Presidency to the Working
          Group on Police Cooperation, ENFOPOL 1, 4118/2/95 REV 2,
          Limite, 2.6.95.
          Questionnaire on "national law regarding phone tapping"
          In November 1995 while the EU Ministers were signing the
          "Memorandum of Understanding" for non-EU countries a Working
          Party under the K4 Committee was considering a report from
          the Spanish delegation on national laws within the EU on
          phone tapping surveillance.
          The 1995 report opens with the cynical observation:
               "As it was foreseeable, all states which have
               answered the questionnaire guarantee the
               confidentiality of private communications either by
               their constitution or their Basic Law, or both, in
               accordance with Article 8 of the European
               Convention on Human Rights."
          However, it goes on to observe, and assume, "under certain
          conditions the interception of telecommunications" is
          allowed.
          The report says the country surveys showed - and this is of
          crucial importance regarding surveillance by ECHELON (see
          below) that:
               "At the moment there does not seem to be a legal
               problem for interception that depends on the kind
               of device used for the transmission of voice, text,
               data or images"
          This is a reference to forms of "written" communications or
          "images" sent by e-mail, fax, and telex.
          It summarises the legal positions as: the following countries
          "can simply" make changes in the penal procedure: Germany,
          Austria, Denmark, Luxembourg, Spain and Portugal, while
          Belgium, France, the UK, Ireland, Greece, Norway and Sweden
          require new legislation, with a combination of both in Italy.
          Discussions had taken place, the report says, on the "great
          advantages" the police have if: "they can keep people under
          surveillance on the grounds of suspicion of criminal
          activity". Some countries require objective evidence of an
          offence before surveillance can start but in Austria a
          request for a phone tap "leads automatically to an
          investigation being opened".
          Another problem addressed was the right of individual's to be
          informed about phone tapping (Article 6.3 in relation to
          Article 8 of the ECHR):
               "Obviously such information prejudices the result
               of the police investigation. Therefore, each
               country has to arrange for a procedure to legally
               delay notification."
          The report recommends the Danish system where a lawyer is
          appointed by the Justice Ministry who represents the
          interests of the person to be placed under surveillance at a
          private hearing but is not allowed to tell the person
          concerned.
          The survey found that the maximum duration of authorisation
          varied from 2 weeks to 4 months.
          The report concludes that phone tapping "is justified by a
          serious offence" where "a punishment of imprisonment of one
          year or more" is available to fight "organised crime". Yet
          again the justification for combating "organised crime" is so
          widely drawn - sentences of just one year or more - that the
          purpose of surveillance has to be fundamentally questioned.
          Source: "Report on the national laws regarding the
          questionnaires on phone tapping", Report from the Spanish
          Presidency to the Working Group on Police Cooperation,
          ENFOPOL 15, 4354/2/95 REV 2, Restricted, 13.11.95.
          Who is going to pay for it?
          One issue on which the reports from the K4 Committee are
          silent is who is to pay the costs for the special facilities
          needed under the "Requirements" of law enforcement agencies -
          network and service providers or the governments?
          However, a report produced by the German government, says
          that the costs are going to be astronomical. It estimates
          that to set up surveillance of mobile phones alone will cost
          4 billion D-Marks.
          Source: draft report, dated 5 May 1995, from the German
          government on the "problems and solutions regarding the
          surveillance of telecommunications".
          The "ECHELON" connection
          "ECHELON" is a world-wide surveillance system designed and
          coordinated by the US NSA (National Security Agency) that
          intercepts e-mail, fax, telex and international telephone
          communications carried via satellites and has been operating
          since the early 1980s - it is part of the post Cold War
          developments based on the UKUSA agreement signed between the
          UK, USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand in 1948.
          The five agencies involved are: the US National Security
          Agency (NSA), the Government Communications Security Bureau
          (GCSB) in New Zealand, Government Communications Headquarters
          (GCHQ) in the UK, the Communications Security Establishment
          (CSE) in Canada and the Defence Signals Directorate (DSD) in
          Australia.
          The system has been exposed by Nicky Hager in his 1996 book,
          Secret Power: New Zealand's role in the International Spy
          Network. He interviewed more than 50 people who work or have
          worked in intelligence who are concerned at the uses of
          ECHELON.
               "The ECHELON system is not designed to eavesdrop on
               a particular individual's e-mail or fax link.
               Rather, the system works by indiscriminately
               intercepting very large quantities of
               communications and using computers to identify and
               extract messages from the mass of unwanted ones."
          There are three components to ECHELON:
            1. The monitoring of Intelsats, international
               telecommunications satellites used by phone companies in
               most countries. A key ECHELON station is at Morwenstow
               in Cornwall monitoring Europe, the Atlantic and the
               Indian Ocean.
            2. ECHELON interception of non-Intelsat regional
               communication satellites. Key monitoring stations are
               Menwith Hill in Yorkshire and Bad Aibling in Germany.
            3. The final element of the ECHELON system is the
               surveillance of land-based or under-sea systems which
               use cables or microwave tower networks.
          At present it is thought ECHELON's effort is primarily
          directed at the "written form" (e-mails, faxes, and telexes)
          but new satellite telephones system which take over from old
          land-based ones will be as vulnerable as the "written word".
          Each of the five centres supply "Dictionaries" to the other
          four of keywords, phrases, people and places to "tag" and the
          tagged intercept is forwarded straight to the requesting
          country.
          It is the interface of the ECHELON system and its potential
          development on phone calls combined with the standardisation
          of "tappable" telecommunications centres and equipment being
          sponsored by the EU and the USA which presents a truly global
          threat over which there are no legal or democratic controls.
          Source: "Exposing the global surveillance system", Nicky
          Hager. CovertAction Quarterly, Winter 1996-97, pages 11-17.
          CHRONOLOGY
          December 1991
          A meeting of the Trevi Ministers decide a study should be
          carried out on the new telecommunications systems and "the
          different interception possibilities".
          29-30 November 1993
          The first meeting of the new, post-Maastricht, Council of
          Justice and Home Affairs Ministers meeting in Brussels adopt
          a Resolution calling on experts to compare the needs of the
          EU "with those of the FBI".
          March, April, November and December 1994
          The K4 Committee discusses the draft Resolution on the lawful
          interception of telecommunications and the "Requirements" to
          be placed on network and service providers.
          March 1994
          The Council of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers discuss the
          draft Resolution.
          November 1994
          The K4 Committee discusses the draft "Memorandum of
          Understanding with third countries".
          9 January 1995
          The Working Group on Police Cooperation, under the K4
          Committee, considers a report on the need to "tag" all
          communications.
          17 January 1995
          The Resolution is adopted by "written procedure". It is not
          published in any form until 4 November 1996 when it appears
          in the Official Journal.
          13 November 1995
          The Working Group on Police Cooperation consider a report on
          the situation in each EU state on telephone tapping.
          23 November 1995
          The Council of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers agree the
          "Memorandum of Understanding". It is not published in any
          form.
          December 1995
          COREPER agree the text of a letter to be sent to
          international standards bodies attaching the Resolution.
          7 May 1996
          Michael Howard, the Home Secretary, tells the Chair of the
          Select Committee on the European Communities in the House of
          Lords that the "Memorandum of Understanding on the legal
          interception of communications" is "not a significant
          document".
          28 November 1996
          The Council of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers agree the
          text of a letter to be sent out to other potential
          "participants" (countries) in the "Memorandum of
          Understanding".
          Council of Justice and Home Affairs Ministers
          Set up under Title VI, Article K, of the Maastricht Treaty.
          First meet on 29 November 1993 when it took over from the
          Trevi Group and the Ad Hoc Group on Immigration.
          K4 Committee
          Also set up under the Maastricht Treaty to coordinate the
          work on the "third pillar" - policing, immigration and
          asylum, and legal cooperation. Is comprised of senior
          officials from Interior Ministries and prepares report to go
          to the Council.
          Under the K4 Committee there are three Steering Groups
          covering policing and customs, immigration and asylum, and
          legal cooperation (civil and criminal) to which a series of
          Working Groups report.
          COREPER
          The Committee of Permanent Representatives from each EU state
          based in Brussels.
     -----------------------------------------------------------------------
     Copyright: Statewatch, February 1997. Material in this report may be
     used provided the source is acknowledged.
     Statewatch, PO Box 1516, London N16 0EW
     tel: 00 44 181 802 1882
     fax: 00 44 181 880 1727
     e-mail: statewatch-off

@_date: 1997-06-25 08:34:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: new money systems 
note: one respondent on this subject claimed that my references
to the money system only applied to the US. in fact I believe
they apply to any country that is paying interest on government
an interesting book, I think this is one of his I browsed. MF is correct
in some ways but I believe he is off the mark in others. gold has a  key advantage over money printed by a government in that it can't be
counterfeited even by that government.  it is clear to me at this point that any government that pays interest
on its bonds without loaning out that money is actually counterfeiting
its own currency. this interest paid on bonds is the direct cause of inflation.
of course all three are interchangeable in a complete economy.
no, actually I think that this is not entirely true-- even measured for this
factor, our money has lost force. consider some job that has not changed in nature since then, say plumbing or farming. I believe on
average that today's plumber or farmer must work harder than the 20's
farmer to achieve the same lifestyle. in fact this can be proven mathematically in a post I'm working on.
a reasonable hypothesis, and partly correct imho.
what I am trying to imply in the post is that there is actually a hidden
resistance on our money that is not reflected in the fees that various
entities charge.  this is inflation, and it it can be totally controlled,
despite whatever lies the Fed tells the public.
so what? I understand this obvious and trivial point.
a local economy can have a currency, and ask the question, "why is value being extracted from our local economy when it is a self-sustaining
unit"? the idea behind a local currency actually encourages local
the reason is that, imho, a set of greedy people have realized they
can enslave the population of an entire country by manipulating the
currency supply.
no, this is not a problem, but a solution. as our world markets show,
it is trivial to convert between currencies and each one acts as a
check and a balance on the other. if a currency declines in value to
another in the market, I will bet you the country whose currency
declined is "counterfeiting its own money" via interest rates paid
on bonds.

@_date: 1997-06-25 12:57:19
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: LOSE MONEY FAST!! 
not to encourage any paranoia or conspiracy theory, but this is an interesting warning I saw on another mailing list that I thought
I'd pass on---
I am writing this to WARN THE PUBLIC of a very DIABOLICAL SCHEME that
is RIGHT NOW playing out in the market and ingeniously designed to separate GULLIBLE INVESTORS from their lawful returns. I cannot now reveal exactly the name of the company involved, but I will identify it by the initials "FRN". FRN directors are involved in a complex STOCK MANIPULATION SCHEME
in which they are selling additional shares of the company beyond
those in circulation, with only the hazy knowledge of the existing
stockholders. This is being done IN COLLUSION WITH GOVERNMENT
REGULATORS, who are receiving kickbacks from the operation! In other words, individual investors of FRN believe they own 1/n of the company, when in fact there are more shares in existence and they actually own far less than the fraction indicated on their certificates!
The additional shares are owned by directors of the company who
are secretly releasing the FRAUDULENT SHARES on the market with PRECISE TIMING, such that whenever the legitimate value of the company increases,
they release new shares for sale at the current share price. The
net effect is that market share prices creep up in value only marginally while the directors effectively INCREASE THEIR CONTROL of the corporation by STEALING FROM SMALLER SHAREHOLDERS. Some select shareholders are allowed to participate in the plan if they
increase the profitability of the company, but in their BLIND GREED have not done the math and do not realize that they are in effect LOSING MONEY even though numerically their supposed shares are compounding regularly! In effect the corporation is COUNTERFEITING ITS OWN SHARES under the full knowledge and supervision of the topmost echelons, and the general
ignorance of shareholders! This thievery is paid for courtesy of an ever-increasing percentage of the company's shareholders without
their awareness! In fact, because so many shareholders are participating, the whole
system can be thought of as a massive form of INVISIBLE SLAVERY! The energy of the shareholders that is successfully improving the
company is being siphoned off by their "masters", while the masters
insist that the company is not even breaking even!  Perhaps you may scoff, but remember, THE PERFECT SLAVE IS THE ONE WHO DOESN'T REALIZE HE'S A SLAVE, and an even better one RIDICULES THE POSSIBILITY. And--some slaves THINK THEY ARE MASTERS when in fact they are really SLAVES.
(Do you live in a "land of the free"? Are you sure?)
FRN has been operating since 1913 and has sucked in huge masses of
unsuspecting shareholders who do not realize that it is a massive pyramid
scheme that must eventually collapse! Initially the effects were negligible
but the disparities among shareholdings has been magnified exponentially
over the years.  Shareholders have not realized this EVIL TRICK because the company has been growing incredibly rapidly
with massive profits that are never reaped by the DESIGNATED
VICTIM SHAREHOLDERS but instead skimmed by the CONSPIRATOR'S ELITE.
A sophisticated and well-funded PR Office of the company has hypnotized
the shareholders into believing their shares are far more valuable than
they really are, even in spite of OBVIOUS SIGNS OF DEPRECIATION!
The grotesque nature of the beast is revealed in that eventually, with mathematical certainty, doing absolutely nothing, the SINGLE SHAREHOLDER who owned the greatest share at the beginning of this hoax will eventually OWN VIRTUALLY THE ENTIRE COMPANY, with all other shareholders owning virtually nothing! ("The rich get richer and the poor get poorer"-- with
some of the poorer thinking they are getting richer!) But the system will collapse before then after enough shareholders FEEL THE SQUEEZE.
Unfortunately, it is likely the shareholders will only realize they have been CHEATED and get ANGRY once the whole snake oil enterprise
CRASHES! At that point, whoever will be left holding the bag will be mostly random!  But what about the masters?
Hopefully when the pyramid scheme FINALLY DOES CRASH, the shareholders
will have learned their lesson, and go after those truly responsible instead of fighting among themselves, or at the very minimum
STOP INVESTING IN PYRAMID SCHEMES! However, history has suggested that the current FRN owners have been using the same strategy in many prior shell games and escaped many previous company "bankruptcies" with their wealth unscathed, and are right now shrewdly planning their escape route by cashing out at precisely the right instant
in their LATEST AND MOST GREATEST SKULLDUGGERY EPISODE as well! to erect the next, EVEN MORE CONSTRICTING WEALTH EXTRACTION AND SLAVERY SYSTEM. They have been doing this LIKE CLOCKWORK on a schedule of about every 60-70 years, which seems
to be about the limit of the public's memory and the lifespan of
the system. In fact, it has been going on so long the masters
have convinced the population that it's a regular and
unavoidable phenomenon!
I don't know what will happen, but I am sending this warning to
YOU PERSONALLY to check to see if you own shares in FRN, and if
so, SELL THEM IMMEDIATELY and invest your hard-earned money into
some LEGITIMATE ALTERNATIVE that doesn't steal from you merely by
owning it. Also realize that TRADING FRN SHARES, while convenient, is
PLAYING INTO THE SCAM! Quite insidiously, far more people own and
trade shares in FRN than realize it due to indirect ownership!
The MASS DELUSION is everywhere!
Eventually the corruption in the government and greed in the population
will have to be cleaned up so that companies such as FRN can never
begin operating in the first place, and THE TEMPLE IS FOREVER RID OF THE MONEYCHANGERS. But your FIRST DEFENSE is your own intelligence. Remember, YOU CAN'T CHEAT AN HONEST PERSON!
Part of the moral is to KNOW WHERE ALL THE SHARES ARE and to MAKE SURE THEY ADD UP TO 1!  The TREACHEROUS HIGHWAY ROBBERS will invent elaborate,
complicated, INCOMPREHENSIBLE reasons why they don't, such as talking about
what paper the stock certificates are made out of, or how high government taxes are, or pointing at programs for share-trading among shareholders. But
remember, this is all SMOKE AND MIRRORS--a certificate that says 1/n is
a CONTRACT no matter what kind of paper it is printed on, the entire government recently became ANOTHER LOSING SHAREHOLDER, and the net result
of the share-trades NEVER ESCAPES THE SHARE PARASITES! Please don't attack the losing shareholders! If you have problems identifying the thieves, remember, THEY'RE THE ONES WHO AUTHORIZED
RELEASE OF THE FRAUDULENT CERTIFICATES in the first place, IN EXCESS OF FACE VALUE. And they'll likely be unscathed after the collapse, but keeping
an extremely low profile! (But don't blame the printers! And don't believe it if the "authorizers" pretend to be the "printers"!)
Take back your power and DEMAND ACCOUNTABILITY, otherwise, you're just ANOTHER VICTIM FOR THE CON GAME! May God be with you--

@_date: 1997-06-27 08:47:46
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: new money systems 
but the sheer beauty of this is that everyone can independently verify
that gold is real by doing independent assays on it. anyone in an
entire population can do so. however when a government controls the money
supply, you are relying on them to govern the scarcity of it, and not
to steal from the population using inflation. gold does not have this problem.
in fact it doesn't have to be gold, it can be *anything*-- platinum, etc.
the key thing is that as people get more of this material, like from mining
or whatever, that the economic cost of this is not low compared to the
existing supply. and, that new additions of this money going into the
system are negligible compared to the total volume. in fact anyone who
asserts "there isn't enough gold in the world to use for money" is marvelously ignorant of economic principles, in which it isn't the
volume but the scarcity (lack of ability to create new volume) that matters.
you see, the government can easily create new money. the government is
right now doing this every time it pays money on a bond. the greed of
the population fails to allow people to realize they are losing money
in the long run. it's guaranteed to crash periodically.
it's a horrible problem that virtually all government currencies are being inflated by design by the central banks & the governments involved.
this is done whenever they pay money for bonds, more going out than went
fees to convert currency are currently quite negligible. and the fee is
in line with the service to do so. multiple currencies act as checks
and balances on each other, in the same way state independence does, or
should, in the US. do you want one mass amalgamation of everything?
so do various people in the UN working for "nwo".. and unifying the
currency is the key means to do so.
in fact you pay a small percent for every transaction you make on a credit
card that is not likely to be much larger than that involved in currency
trader fees.
exchange problem is merely one of electrons in wires. it's not a problem,
and it doesn't need to be solved. it's already been solved. only those
who wish greater control assert it is a problem, and that it needs to
be solved. they offer a false solution to a false problem. but their
propaganda is working quite well across the world.
the world requires a mixture of independence and dependence. a local
currency is working toward the former, a global currency toward the latter. it's not either/or but a mixture situation.
why should one expect to make a profit merely by exchanging currency?
there will be very low friction rates involved in the transfer. but
in fact what you get with a global currency is the sum of all these
local friction rates, in an invisible format that you can't measure.
which would you prefer? to know how much it really costs you, or to
have the fees hidden so that you have no way of knowing why what you
want costs more than it seems like it ought to?
or worldwide ones. which is more dangerous? furthermore, as I have been
trying to reveal, it is possible to use a money form that is impossible
to manipulate. that is the advantage of gold that world bankers do not
wish the public to know, because it makes them free and soveriegn and
uncontrollable. hence my interest in this and my interest in promoting
it as a key cypherpunk topic.
good questions:
I am advocating a currency that is "open" in which it is public knowledge
what everyone owns in that currency. everyone can verify how much of the
currency is in circulation. people cannot use it unless they agree to
the "open" requirement. note that this is only the local currency-- a person
could have many assets not measured in it. that is, I could own far more
than is revealed on these public boards.
consider a company that releases "iou [x] service" or "iou [x] product".
if there is knowledge about how many ious are out there, people can
judge for themselve the ability of the individual to repay. an individual
who has 1000 "iou" hours is more inflated than an individual with "100 iou hours" in circulation.
  3. As
local independence.  a community that is self-sustaining shouldn't be
taxed by a community that isn't, imho. this is the real message of the revolution of 1776 and man's century-long desire to escape slavery and tyranny.

@_date: 1997-07-07 05:57:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: nsa+gchq spying operation 
as I recall we have gotten early hints of this operation/book.
------- Forwarded Message
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
Forwarded from alt.2600.moderated by me.
- -> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
- ->  Posted by: Leander ------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-07-25 09:23:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: EPIC letter to CNET.COM and the Internet Community (fwd) 
the EPIC letter shows a rather severe misunderstanding of
what many interenet ratings systems are intended to accomplish.
I've written on this subject here and will rebut some of the
claims of the EPIC letter by Marc Rotenberg. (keep in mind,
as you read the following, I am violently opposed to *involuntary* rating systems.)
*voluntary* rating systems are in fact another glorious expression of free speech, and anyone who advocates free speech will find
themselves in a paradoxically inconsistent point of view
in rejecting such systems.  just as anyone should be free to disseminate information,  anyone should be free to comment on
that information. ratings are nothing but "information about information" and anyone who claims otherwise would be like someone
arguing for the existence of "illegal bits", as TCM lovingly likes
to call them. amusingly, I have seen TCM argue against voluntary rating
systems here, making the distinction that they are not free speech
but the road to ruin.
PICs was designed from the beginning to be voluntary, and support
voluntary ratings. how is a company that tells you what are some
"hot web pages" different from one that tells you about ones that
are "offensive to children"? there are many of the former that
I've never seen any cypherpunks argue against. surely EPIC would
consider them a good idea. why are the latter a bad idea? what's
the difference between these "good bits" and "bad bits"? answer:
there is none, except in the minds of people who have kneejerk
opinions but not deeply thoughtful insights.
the argument that voluntary rating systems can be quickly
turned into an involuntary one is specious. it's like saying that
if some people are allowed to public fascist magazines, we're
in danger of turning into a fascist country. obviously it's the
same argument the government scaremongers make against free speech.
cypherpunks like to talk about "technical solutions" to problems.
I would like them to begin to understand that a means by which
public opinion is altered is in fact in many cases the only possible "technical solution" to some problems. I submit that no amount of ingenuity in technical solutions can circumvent a government
or majority of the population that is opposed to your endeavor.
the solution is in part to change public consciousness.  and
to give credit where it is due, the cpunks have done a very admirable job of this through the mailing list.
hence, if we have a government that is trying to make voluntary
things mandatory (such as ratings), and clamp down on the public, don't you think
you're evading the whole issue by trying to find more ingenious
ways to hide? you're evading the basic question, which is, why did the government become like that? why have you accepted
the questionable conclusion that it cannot be changed? do you
think perhaps it became that way because of that opinion? which
came first, the apathy or the tyranny? the lines blur, don't you
if other governments are going to use PICs to manipulate their
public, than is the problem PICs or the governments that are
in that situation? do you think that getting rid of PICs is going
to solve the problem of bad governments? answer: no!! you can
get rid of every opportunity for what you think is a bad government
to exercise its badness, and it will find some ingenious new
way of being bad!! the answer is to fix the government, not to try
to change the ten-bazillion different things it may get its hands onto. one problem, one solution.
on to the letter...
a silly restatement of what rating systems do. what mr. rotenberg
fails to note is the obvious distinction between a voluntary and
an involuntary rating system. only the later have the property that
"one person can decide what another can recieve". in fact all rating
systems in existence today are voluntary and merely *advisory*.
they are just *opinions* that people can choose to follow.
so does a NEWSPAPER!!! perhaps we should ban them!! or is it that
they don't really "impose" anything???
the government could also use duct tape to suffocate its citizens.
perhaps we should outlaw duct tape? because it has the potential
to be misused by governments?
FALSE. these rating systems block access to information when people
volunteer to use the databases. presumably, they SUBSCRIBED TO THOSE
BLOCKING SERVICES FOR EXACTLY THAT SERVICE, I.E. BLOCKING. if I subscribed to a blocking service, I would certainly expect that
they did block some sites, wouldn't you? your fuzzy brained thinking
fails to distinguish again between voluntary and involuntary, Mr. R...
misleading use of the word "block".  when people stop using the
word "block" in a context where it is clearly not applicable
we'll all be better off. suppose I say to my butler, "please stop
me from eating greasy food" and he stops me. was that involuntary?
did he "block" me against my will?
many countries are now considering the best ways to torture their
subjects with rubber hose. perhaps we should regulate rubber hoses
this moment.
 Further,
bzzzzzzzzzzt, only if we have an orwellian government, in which case
you will have much worse things to worry about than a silly PICs
standard. technology is not the problem, but governments who misuse
it. no amount of ingenuity in technology will protect you from a bad government. fix the government!!
a flimsily-put-together letter, Mr. R, quite a disappointment.

@_date: 1997-07-28 06:20:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "the sovereign individual" by davidson/rees mogg 
interesting new book out on the shelves, (c) 1997, by
James Dale Davidson and Lord William Rees-Mogg called
"the sovereign individual". many cpunk themes in this
book and I highly recommend it to people on the list.
from the back cover:
they predict:
- collapse of the welfare state and the death of nations worldwide
- overhaul of the US Tax system, based on consumption instead
of earnings
- governments will lose power to arbitrarily regulate
- banks will go through larger crisis than the 1980s
- US government will diminish to the size it was in
the 19th century
- US government- IRS, CIA, NSA will declare war on
groups that try to circumvent the income tax through cyberspace
- organized crim ewill grow as central economies break down
- central banks will lose power to inflate and control
the money supply as paper money is supplanted by cybercash
- individuals will gain more autonomy and financial capability - morality will make a comeback.
interesting ideas on the role of violence in what makes
different government and social systems "viable" and the
idea as the government as being in the "protection" business
with a monopoly on the use of violence. ideas about digital
currencies that compete with each other on the free-market
bases. inviability of the "new world order" of worldwide
government.  lots of neat ideas on cyberspace. role of
cryptography in securing private transactions.
from p. 324, on cyberspace:
"massed armies will mean little in such a world. efficiency will
mean more than ever before. because microtechnology creates
a new dimension in protection, individuals for the first time in
human existence will be able to create and protect
assets that lie entirely outside the realm of any individual government's territorial monopoly on violence. these assets, therefore,
will be highly susceptible to individual control. it will be perfectly reasonable for you and significant numbers of future Sovereign Individuals
to "vote with your feet" in opting out of leading nation-states
to contract for personal protection with an outlying nation-state or
a new minisovereignty that will only charge a commercially
tolerable amount, rather than the greater part of your net worth."
an interesting theme near the end of the book is the idea that
morality/trust will play a more important role in cyberspace because
people will be depending on each other's reputations to conduct
business transactions in cyberspace.
some of these ideas I've written on here before, and seen much dialogue
here. think this will be an influential book that will frame future
debate for a long time.
the authors verge on what consider "conspiracy theory" at times when
they even get into Clinton's drug connections in mena, arkansas.
they advocate going to alternative sources of news other than the
mass media which will be unable to recognize or report on the
reality of the changing world because they are caught up in
their own reality distortion fields, very much like those who,
at the fall of the roman empire, still believed it existed.

@_date: 1997-07-29 09:07:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: y2k problem *serious* 
some people have talked about the y2k problem here, the "year 2000 problem". as programmers know, is the
name given to the glitches that are caused by software
malfunctioning because it only used 2 characters for the
date field. I have mentioned that I think government
agencies are going to be particularly hard-hit by this situation. I envisioned delays in payments etc. of something like
a few weeks or so.
however some recent new data and analysis by someone
named Gary North causes me to rethink my position.
it's somewhat alarmist, but he's got some excellent evidence.
he believes the year 2000 problem is vastly more serious
than anyone has realized. he thinks it may even lead to
bank panics and instabilities in the entire worldwide
economic system.
he quotes Yourdon, a very respectable software professional, who
talks about the domino effect in software such that even if parts of it are fixed, the erroneous sections can cause
the system as a whole to fail.
I suspect that we will be seeing some major, major news
events related to y2k over the next year, all the way up
to 2000.
more info on this perspective can be found at   this will be an incredibly important issue for virtually all
programmers in the information field. (some cryptoanarchists
here might rejoice at the potential here for mass social disruptions. may you live in interesting times.)
   The Yourdon Report
   Vol. 1, No. 4, June 1997.  Copyright 1997 by Cutter Information
   Corp.
The Personal Consequences of Year 2000
   Dear Colleague,
   Where will you be on New Year's Eve, 1999? If you're involved in the
   computer field in any way, there's a high likelihood that you'll be
   frantically working on the last-minute details of a year-2000 project.
   Yes, I know, not everything is written in COBOL and not every hotshot
   Java programmer is interested in the problem. But if you're an
   application programmer who normally develops business applications in
   Visual Basic, PowerBuilder, Smalltalk, or COBOL, there's a good chance
   that your organization will give you a temporary assignment to help
   out with converting mission-critical systems that are too important to
   fail. If you're a new-age Java programmer in a Silicon Valley startup
   company, maybe you'll be able to ignore the whole thing; but for many
   of the people who write software, 1998 and 1999 will be the years of
   year-2000 death march projects.
   I assume that anyone who reads this newsletter is familiar with the
   basics of the year-2000 problem; I won't bore you with a repetition of
   the details, or how we managed to get ourselves into this state. What
   I do want to talk about is the notion that it's our organizations that
   got themselves into this state, and that we have to make sure we
   distinguish between the problems and demands of our organizations,
   versus the problems and demands of our own lives and the lives of our
   families and friends.
   First, let's deal with the basic moral issue of culpability and
   responsibility. As you well know, there are some enormous legacy
   mainframe systems that will fall over and collapse on January 1, 2000,
   unless a thorough, expensive, and time-consuming effort is made to
   make them year-2000 compliant. But it's highly unlikely that you wrote
   the original code for those systems; indeed, the original programmers
   are probably long gone, maybe even dead. Or, ironically, those
   programmers may have been promoted: They may be your boss, or your
   boss's boss, or the CIO of the whole shop.
   In the rare case where you actually worked on the applications that
   now require year-2000 maintenance, chances are that nobody paid
   attention 15-20 years ago if you recommended that the date be coded
   with a four-digit year field. You were told how expensive memory was,
   and that none of these systems would last through the 1970s, or the
   1980s, or the 1990s.
   In other words, with very, very few exceptions, the year-2000 problem
   is not your fault. Maybe we should have been smarter 20 years ago, and
   maybe we should have staged a mass revolt when our business users told
   us that they didn't want to spend the money for an extra two bytes of
   storage every time a date field was required within an application.
   Maybe they didn't really understand the significance of the short-term
   tradeoff that we made on their behalf. But after all, it was their
   money and their systems. In any case, there's a good chance that you
   can look at yourself in the mirror and honestly say: It's not my
   fault.
   Perhaps you feel that, as a member of a more-or-less professional
   category of "knowledge" workers, we all share collective
   responsibility for letting society get itself into the year-2000
   dilemma. After all, what if mechanical engineers told us that a flaw
   in their calculations would lead to bridges and buildings falling over
   and crashing on January 1, 2000? What if they collectively shrugged
   their shoulders and said, "Well, it's not our fault. Newton, Galileo,
   and Einstein made a few miscalculations in their basic laws, and we
   just realized the problem."
   From that perspective, none of us really wants the IT community to end
   up with a huge black eye, or with the blame for having caused a
   massive economic and social disruption associated with year-2000
   software problems. I'm willing to contribute some time and energy to
   help solve the problem. I'm willing to say, "Well, it doesn t really
   matter whose fault it is at this point. The most important thing is to
   fix the problem, and then move on."
   But what if the problem cannot be fixed? What if January 1, 2000,
   arrives and half of your company's software has not been converted?
   What if your organization collapses as a result? At that point, where
   does your responsibility lie? The interesting thing about this is that
   almost every organization could have fixed its year-2000 problem if it
   had begun addressing the problem in 1995 or before. But if the
   year-2000 conversion team is just forming now, in mid-1997, then the
   conversion almost certainly won't be finished when New Year's Eve
   rolls around two years from now. And that part of the problem is the
   fault of senior management, which was too busy worrying about other
   issues to focus on the biggest software project of all time.
   Let me stop for a moment and address a basic point: Many software
   professionals believe that the year-2000 problem will be somewhat
   annoying, and somewhat expensive to fix, but they can't bring
   themselves to believe that it could be a major, fundamental problem.
   It's like asking the residents of Southern California if they really
   believe that they're going to wake up one day and find that the San
   Andreas Fault has finally ruptured, and that California is now an
   island floating in the general direction of Hawaii. "We've lived with
   plenty of earthquakes, and some of them have been pretty serious,"
   these folks will tell you. "Someday, the Big One will hit, but I
   really can't believe it's going to happen this year, or next year, or
   the year after."
   So here's the question: Do you believe the year-2000 problem is going
   to be really serious? Do you think it could shut down telephone
   service, banking systems, and airline systems for a few days, or a few
   weeks, or even a few months? I've been thinking about all of this
   during the last several months, and I'm becoming increasingly worried
   about the "ripple effect" problems that will be difficult to
   anticipate, and almost impossible to avoid. It won't be the end of
   civilization, but the year-2000 problem could indeed trigger a
   depression on the scale of the Great Depression in the U.S. during the
   1930s. For example, consider XYZBank, which has 300 million lines of
   legacy code. Assume that XYZ has the time and resources to convert 200
   million lines, and it has done a triage to ensure that the
   mission-critical systems are converted. That leaves 100 million lines
   of unconverted code that won't run at all, or will spew out gibberish.
   Since this unconverted code is associated with noncritical systems, it
   won't have a fatal impact on XYZ though it could incur a nontrivial
   cost. My real concern is that the applications XYZ considers
   noncritical might be very critical to some of XYZ's customers,
   partners, suppliers, etc. So it's quite possible that XYZ's failure to
   convert some of its software will cause little, tiny ABCWidget Company
   to go bankrupt, which causes slightly larger DEF Corp. to fold, and so
   on.
   Meanwhile, XYZ can't operate entirely alone; without electricity,
   phone service, and water, the offices can't function; without
   transportation services, none of its employees can come into work, and
   none of its customers can visit the bank to transact business. Let's
   assume for a moment that these basic utilities do continue operating
   properly after January 1. But what if the Federal Reserve Bank,
   S.W.I.F.T., and all the other banks that XYZ interacts with are having
   problems? What if XYZ's ability to print monthly bank statements
   depends on PQRPaper Corp. supplying laser-printing paper on a "just in
   time" basis? And what if PQR has a staff of three overworked
   programmers who maintain an ancient legacy system written in assembly
   language? If PQR stops shipping paper, then XYZ stops sending bank
   statements. Not forever, perhaps just for a month or two, but that's
   enough to cause a lot of confusion.
   There's also going to be a lot of confusion resulting from bugs
   injected into the converted programs. If XYZBank converts 200 million
   lines of code between now and December 31, 1999, then there will be an
   enormous amount of testing, and with that much code it's inevitable
   that some bugs will slip through. Maybe not fatal bugs that delete the
   database or shut down the bank's systems, but perhaps the kind of bug
   that will send incorrect monthly statements to 100,000 of the bank's 3
   million customers. A problem like this might not be noticed until
   January 31, or when the year-end statements are produced on December
   31, 2000.
   The problem with 100,000 incorrect statements is that it will generate
   100,000 angry phone calls. Indeed, officials at the Social Security
   Administration (SSA) are quoted as saying that if the SSA has a 1%
   error rate in its retirement checks and other benefits, it will lead
   to somewhere between 43 and 50 million phone calls, starting the day
   after the checks are mailed. If the problem isn't resolved right away,
   then those people are likely to call back the next day, and the day
   after that, and the organization is likely to be in a state of
   paralysis.
   Back to the banks again: Do I really think that Citibank, Chase,
   Chemical, and BankAmerica (along with all the huge Japanese and
   European banks) are going to shut down on January 1, 2000? No, of
   course not. But I won't be surprised if the XYZSavings and Loan in
   South Poobah discovers that it can't process deposits and withdrawals
   for a week or two. That problem might cause a run on the bank, or an
   outright bank failure, and similar problems are likely to occur for a
   number of other small organizations as well. General Motors (GM) won't
   go bankrupt, but ABCWidget and PQR Paper could.
   Indeed, if ABCWidget goes bankrupt, it could cause serious problems
   for large companies like GM. Suppose ABC is one of the 100-odd
   companies that supply parts for GM cars and the widgets manufactured
   by ABC are an essential element of the transmission system. Because of
   the lean manufacturing system used throughout U.S. industry today,
   there's a good chance that GM doesn't have an inventory of widgets;
   ABC is supposed to deliver the appropriate number of new widgets to
   the GM plant every day. To ABC's surprise, its computers fail on
   January 1, 2000, and its widget production line shuts down. A week
   later, GM's production line grinds to a halt until it can find a
   replacement widget manufacturer. Meanwhile, GM's factory workers are
   furloughed without pay.
   By now, I'm sure you get the drift of my concerns. The interesting
   thing is that while software professionals and systems analysts are
   well-equipped to understand the reasons why the software could fail,
   and the possible consequences of those failures, they prefer to deny
   it. I wasn't aware of this until I watched Peter de Jager's year-2000
   presentation at our recent Summit 97 conference, which ended with a
   question to the audience: "How many of you really believe these
   problems will occur?" To my surprise, a significant number of people
   raised their hands to indicate they did NOT believe that serious
   year-2000-related failures would occur. They couldn't disagree with
   any of the technical points that de Jager raised, just as you probably
   won't find anything fundamentally wrong with my arguments here. But de
   Jager's audience, and many of the people reading this newsletter,
   don't want to believe things could be this bad. "Surely," people will
   argue, "companies will find a way to solve this problem." Given our
   track record for normal software projects over the past 30 years, this
   argument borders on hysterical optimism. More likely, it's cognitive
   dissonance: If the facts disagree with the conclusions you were hoping
   for, then ignore the facts.
   What does all of this have to do with your job? Well, first you need
   to realize that a "denial of reality" may be taking place within your
   own organization today. Has your CEO or board of directors made a
   public commitment that all of the organization's systems will be
   year-2000 compliant, and that there is a detailed plan for coping with
   the organization's non-year-2000-compliant vendors, suppliers,
   customers, etc.? Do some arithmetic: If your company has 100 million
   lines of code in its application portfolio, then as of June 1, it
   would need to convert more than 100,000 lines of code per day, every
   day, in order to finish the job on time. Do you see the plans, the
   people, the tools, and the management commitment to make that happen?
   If not, what will be the impact on your job? Chances are that your
   company will go into panic mode sometime in 1998, halt all of its
   development work, and assign everyone in the IT department to work on
   year-2000 conversions. When I say everyone, I mean everyone.
   Secretaries will be drafted into the testing effort, and the managers
   will be expected to begin writing COBOL code. Is that the kind of
   environment, with everyone putting in double overtime, that you want
   to work in? And if the year-2000 conversion isn't finished on time,
   who will be blamed? You can be sure there will be lawsuits; are you
   sure you'll escape the wrath of the lawyers?
   If your company's year-2000 problems are very severe, what happens if
   it goes bankrupt? Will you be able to get another job? (An even more
   interesting question: At that point, will anyone want to admit that he
   or she is a programmer, or will it be a social stigma after January 1,
   2000?) If you're out of work for six months, do you have enough money
   in the bank to support your family?
   Speaking of banks, what if your savings account is in XYZSavings and
   Loan of South Poobah? If depositors begin to worry about XYZ's
   year-2000 compliance in late 1999, will they begin withdrawing all of
   their money? If they do, will you be able to withdraw your money on
   January 3, 2000? Indeed, given the delicate balance of the fractional
   reserve system used by banks, it doesn't take a very large percentage
   of panicky customers to cause a bank run. The worst-case scenario in
   this area is pretty scary -- it might not be just the XYZSavings and
   Loan that suffers a bank run, but the big banks too. If the banks
   close for more than a couple of days, then how does the government
   collect taxes? If the government can't collect taxes, what happens to
   the value of its bonds, T-bills, and other financial instruments?
   Meanwhile, how many non-year-2000-compliant railroad and trucking
   companies will it take to disrupt the transportation infrastructure?
   While you're thinking about this, keep in mind another aspect of the
   lean manufacturing system -- the average grocery market, especially in
   urban areas, has to be restocked every 72 hours.
   I don't have answers for all of these questions, and I spend a portion
   of each day wanting to believe that none of these crises will occur.
   But I can't find a way to deny the possibility that they could occur,
   not exactly in the way I've described, but as a series of
   domino-effect problems that ripple through society. And if my software
   experience allows me to anticipate some of this, then your experience
   should provide similar insights. Think about this, and try very hard
   to avoid the cognitive dissonance problem.
   If the problem is anywhere near as bad as I think it could be, then
   you have to think very carefully about your loyalties and priorities.
   Will your employer get first call on your loyalty, or will it be your
   family and loved ones? On January 1, 2000, will you be at your
   keyboard, still converting two-digit year fields? Think about this
   now, while things are still calm. It won't be so easy two years from
   now. Ciao!
   Ed
   Internet: ed
   Web site:

@_date: 1997-08-02 13:01:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Canada's Entrust does end-run around ITAR 
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
Path: news.alt.net!news1.alt.net!news-chi-13.sprintlink.net!news-east.sprintlink.net!news-dc-26.sprintlink.net!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news-pull.sprintlink.net!news-in-east.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!205.185.79.4!zdc!super.zippo.com!lotsanews.com!szdc!newsp.zippo.com!news1
Newsgroups: alt.current-events.clinton.whitewater,alt.politics.clinton
Organization: None
Reply-To: jqp

@_date: 1997-08-06 13:47:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: "A new battle over keeping the Net clean," by J.Weber/LATimes 
DM, JW, *please* get more info on PICS. in the early stages of its
development, many people were interested in using the rating
system to rate *cool* pages. that is, the same system could be
used to point to neat content and help people navigate. therefore,
your examples always involving censorious groups like the
"christian coalitian" is highly misleading. have you heard
of the "point communications" awards, surely? such a system
would benefit immensely from the standardization of ratings that
PICS is trying to achieve..
I urge all rabid libertarians to get a clue about what the
rating systems are actually trying to accomplish.
this is a silly us vs. them characterization for simpleminds of a much
more complex issue. there are no clearly defined sides and it's not
a war.
not if the constitution is valid in our own country. let's cross that
bridge when the government comes to it. no reason to spread fear,
uncertainty, and doubt over something that's not happened.
worry, worry, fear, fear. same as with CDA. just as baseless in
the long run.
bzzzzzzzzzzzzt. those that use the filters are free to configure them
how they want. virtually all the filtering software allows different
levels of security. one can often treat the bad rating as merely an
advisory warning.
who is calling for this? PICS was designed with the idea that many
ratings would be by third-parties. I don't think self-ratings are going to be that common on the net, and its really absurd for anyone
to pretend there is going to be a major pressure on anyone to
"rate" their sites.   who are these nameless advocates? where is
the data? this article is about nothing but baseless speculation.
 Overseas Web services would yes, one can create all kinds of scary scenarios when you have a teeny
brain that is overcome with fright over the slightest new situation in
life. SELF RATINGS are not the main use of ratings. ratings mostly make
sense with THIRD PARTIES doing the rating. there is no such thing
as "misrepresentation". who is it that thinks everything is going
to be "self rated"? whoever does is missing the essential
THIRD PARTY ASPECT that is designed into the core of PICS.
so what?
"battles, fights"-- the mentality of the person who wrote this is clear.
where is this fighting going on ? who are the people? I haven't seen
any fights except a lot of fearmongering in cyberspace over completely
hypothetical situations.
SELF RATING is not going to be a major use of ratings. existing filtering software rarely works through SELF RATING. whoever focuses
on SELF RATING relative to the rating systems doesn't have a clue about
the major use of the technology.
bzzzzzzzzzzzt. anyone is free to rate anything. this coalition can get
together and rate anything they want right now. PICS does not change
that. it only gives a way for users who CHOOSE TO to access those
ratings and integrate them with their browsers.
the earth might stop rotating tomorrow, too. why is it that we have
a constitution but we don't believe in it? that those who scream the
loudest about constitutional violations are those that are least likely
to believe in it?
especially if you like to engage in fearmongering.
they represent DECENTRALIZED control at the heart, as anyone with half
a brain can recognize..

@_date: 1997-08-06 15:13:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: spam-- a technological solution/proposal 
for a long time conversation here has covered the possibility of "certificates" especially the cryptography and algorithms behind
them. also, spam is a frequent topic. in fact I think the term
"spam" was used on this mailing list almost before anywhere else.
at the heart, spam is a fascinating question. the internet has
been designed to survive a nuclear war through its decentralization,
i.e. a threat from without. but what about a "threat from within"
such that your own nodes can be corrupted? this is the case with
spammers. it's an extremely difficult question to solve, and involves
concepts like a body, "immune system", cancer, etc.
after thinking about it for many moons, here is an interesting idea that I think could work on "spam prevention" using certificates. it's somewhat decentralized and has other nice "cyberspace friendly" features.
a "spam-free certifying agency" is started. this is essentially
a web site that allows people to download "spam-free certification".
it parcels out new digital signatures to anybody who asks.
the system works simply as follows: a person is spam-free until "the net" complains otherwise. the agency decides what threshold
of complaints constitutes a loss of "spam-free certification". when it revokes a certificate, it sends out the revocation to
the net.
you'd need something like the DNS system today to carry all the
spam-free certificates in a distributed fashion. everyone who
reads their mail can have automated checkers that throw out mail from non "spam-free" certified emailers.  this system requires
people to put their spam-free certificates in their mail.
the idea is that spammers could get intially certificates, but that complaints would be so numerous and so immediate that they couldn't get out that many letters before they lost their certification due to everyone
immediately complaining.
another interesting approach would be for internet providers not to allow
too many mails to be sent after a new spam-free certification of a new email address. that is, tie in the email addresses themselves to
the spam-prevention system.
interestingly many of these ideas are similar to the credit-reporting
agency techniques. you can get credit after you get a credit history.
the more history, the more credit. perhaps a system that limited the
amount of mail a person could send based on a "spam free history" could work well.
I think you could have a system that had multiple spam-free
certification agencies. you could have standards that try to juggle
among multiple agencies and certificate schemes. a variety of schemes
is better than none.
of course, all the usual caveats apply here. it's patently obvious
this system could be misused and manipulated. however I believe it's
the most promising route of anything that's been tried. I personally
think legislative/litigation solutions are a waste of time and potentially
harmful. if anyone would like to help develop this, please send me

@_date: 1997-08-13 04:17:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: TCM goes to city council 
TCM attending a government sponsored meeting? participating in participatory government? voting with his voice in a democracy?
whatever happened to the "f*** them all philosophy"?
or maybe you will be using this little anecdote ad nauseam to
show the failure of democracy to individual wishes, and the tyranny of the majority?
seriously, if cypherpunks think government is so crappy, let see
them invent a better alternative than that which exists. note that
"anarchy" evades the problem completely. it's like saying, "I hate
my web browser" and someone saying, "oh, just get rid of it, the
alternative is far better".  an 8 year old would understand this
logic, but alas it eludes the cpunks after many moons on this list.
agreed, the food policy you cite is strangely orwellian. however one
can somewhat sympathize with states which are in a bind here, in such a way
that you fail to mention the obvious ramifications. the more empathetic governments are toward the homeless, the more the state becomes a hangout
for them. would you like to see the homeless multiply in your
own jurisdiction? word gets around fast in these circles where the
best place to get a free lunch is, and they travel around the country to that place. you have a very rabid opinion on welfare as a redistribution of
income to those that don't deserve it. how is this food redistribution
program different? the fact that you don't pay for it? so you
aren't really objecting to leeching, just leeching off of your
money? and BTW, I believe "leeching" is a word that you have used
in your own posts on the subject, and is not something I'm inventing

@_date: 1997-08-19 09:43:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: first y2k lawsuit hits in london 
Millennium bomb: Supplier sued over cash
                   registers
                   MONDAY AUGUST 18 1997
                   By Christopher Adams in London
                   A small supermarket owner in the US is suing a cash
register supplier for
                   allegedly providing computerised tills that cannot
recognise the year 2000.
                   The lawsuit is believed to be the first of its kind.
If it is successful, it could
                   set a precedent with dangerous consequences for the
insurance industry.
                   Mark Yarsike, a supermarket owner in Detroit, is
suing Tec-America, the
                   Atlanta-based supplier of cash registers, because he
says credit cards that
                   expire after 2000 cause the tills to shut down.
                   The lawsuit has wide implications for the insurance
industry as suppliers
                   may be forced to make claims on insurance policies
covering them against
                   the failure of their products to cope with the date
                   Legal experts say insurers might be inundated with
claims over the
                   so-called "millennium bomb", leaving them vulnerable
to losses that could
                   run to billions of pounds.
                   The millennium bomb is expected to cause widespread
chaos because
                   most computers recognise only the last two digits of
a year and will treat
                   dates beyond 1999 as referring to the 1900s.
                   Should litigation escalate, the cost of claims could
be inflated by damages
                   and legal fees.
                   Mr Yarsike owns three Produce Paradise supermarkets
in Detroit. He
                   says the cash registers have failed more than 150
times in two years,
                   causing chaos in his stores and losing him hundreds
of thousands of dollars.
                   Mr Yarsike says his patience with Tec-America finally
snapped two weeks
                   ago. He says that each time credit cards expiring
after 2000 cause cash
                   resisters to shut down, Tec-America comes to fix the
problem. But within
                   hours, the registers fail again.
                   "It's gotten pretty wild in here. A lot of customers
walk out upset and
                   embarrassed.
                   When the card zips through and the modem packs up,
everybody looks at
                   that one customer and says, 'Wow! What did she do?'.
                   "How would you like to have 300 people in your store
and the cash
                   registers don't work with a 10-hour day ahead of
                   Mr Yarsike wants Tec-America to put in a replacement
system. He spent
                   $150,000 on the fleet of registers for his stores and
says it would cost him
                   another $35,000 for new equipment.
                   Tec-America denied it was to blame for the shutdown
of the cash
                   registers.
                   It said responsibility lay with the credit card
industry, which was forced
                   several years ago to establish a format for swapping
data that would
                   recognise the year 2000.
                   The industry's efforts, however, were not completed
until April.

@_date: 1997-08-23 04:29:58
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: CypherPunk Cults) 
an idea already tried in repressive states like iraq/
iran. I would expect you of all people to spot the obvious deficiency.
a criminal system relies on the word of police and prosectors. a
system with penalties like these tends not to have a "due process".
that is, countries with policies like this tend to have only sham trials.
reasonable trials and nasty sentences like these seem never to be
found in combination. probably because they go together in the mind
of the public-- reasonable trials, reasonable sentences.
also, in any criminal justice system you cannot detect guilt with
100% certainty. some people would sleep better at night knowing that
if a mistake has been made, it won't be too severe on an innocent
person. that is a tradeoff that politicians never talk about-- about
the difference between "criminal" and "suspect" and how our system
is guaranteed imperfect in detecting the difference.
for interesting ideas on the court system, a new book called
"the truth machine" (fiction) has some speculations on a future
criminal justice system based on a 100% effective truth detection

@_date: 1997-08-23 05:13:05
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Mathematics > NSA + GCHQ 
I've thought about this, and still wonder if the NSA may have an edge. imagine have huge, unlimited resources to spend on whatever
you want. all other mathematicians/researchers in the world are subject to having to scrape fund money together via grants. guess who grants the
grants? government. and in some cases, I think that it is possible the
grant process is subject to manipulation by government agencies. the
really hot stuff may not be getting funded, because the NSA secretly
pulls the plug and the researcher just thinks, "gosh darn it, didn't
get the grant". a great conspiracy theory, eh? as for commercial R&D, it is always ultimately directed toward making
money. this limits the freedom of the researcher as well.
now consider that the NSA is the world's single largest employer of
mathematicians. believe I have seen this claim in some articles on
them. now realize that none of their research is allowed to
be publicized. that is, they can read the open literature, and they
also have their own resources to go past it. individual researchers
outside of the NSA do not have the advantage of seeing what the
NSA is doing. hence a bit one-sided here as well.
consider now that the NSA is not just the largest mathematical
employer, but that they aggressively go after the *best* without
anyone realizing it. consider the spiel: "do a patriotic service
for your country. be among the few, the proud, the spooks". this
they give to the greatest mathematicians you can imagine. it's not
too unlikely. I suspect there are a lot of researchers working for
the NSA with academic "cover stories". hence people you think are
extremely talented and are not working in it are actually working
for it.
some theories, nothing more.
on the other hand, many people have spoken of the compartmentalization
of the government, esp. the NSA, and how this makes it myopic and
ineffectual. I'm not so sure about this. the atomic bomb creation
was pretty compartmentalized at first, yet it was very effective.
something to consider is that there has been no major incentive for
anyone to really find such an algorithm until recently, say within
the last 10 years or so. I believe it is mistaken to pretend that
mathematicians have been trying to find an efficient factoring algorithm
since the dawn of math. perhaps out of amusement, but not seriousness.
there is no practical reason why large numbers needed to be factored
in math other than curiousity, until recently. what I am saying is
that I doubt the worlds greatest mathematicians of the past spent much
time trying to find a fast factoring algorithm.

@_date: 1997-08-25 09:23:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: gephardt slams crypto regs 
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
Path: news.alt.net!news1.alt.net!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news-pull.sprintlink.net!news-in-east.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!198.240.78.6!news.us.net!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,alt.wired,alt.politics.democrats.d,alt.politics.usa.republican,alt.politics.clinton,alt.president.clinton,talk.politics.misc,alt.politics.usa.misc,alt.politics.usa.congress,alt.whitehous.gov,alt.politics.org.cia,alt.politics.org.nsa,alt.politics.org.fbi
Organization: SOFTWAR
NNTP-Posting-Host: host46.richmond.us.net
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.0.82
Xref: news.alt.net talk.politics.crypto:17311 alt.wired:55794 alt.politics.democrats.d:270387 alt.politics.usa.republican:490233 alt.politics.clinton:344303 alt.president.clinton:129822 talk.politics.misc:571350 alt.politics.usa.misc:167063 alt.politics.usa.congress:129082 alt.politics.org.cia:23221 alt.politics.org.nsa:9829 alt.politics.org.fbi:12348
Encryption is vital to the Net
 BY RICHARD A. GEPHARDT
 THE Clinton administration's recent call for a ``non-regulatory,
market-oriented''  approach to promoting Internet commerce includes
many constructive initiatives.   However, if we are to realize the
full potential of the Internet, we must also end the  outdated
restrictions on U.S. exports of encryption products.
 Encryption, which encodes electronic messages so that only a
recipient with the  ability to decode the message can read it, is
vital to the future of Internet  commerce. It prevents crime by
keeping hackers from reading your e-mail or  stooling your credit card
numbers. It helps companies protect trade secrets. As  more
information flows over the open networks that constitute the Internet,
people  increasingly need encryption to keep their information secure.
 Because encryption is not restricted domestically, you would think
American  companies would be global leaders in world markets. But
often they aren't allowed  to compete. Fearing the availability of
encryption abroad could make it more  difficult for the U.S.
government to intercept the communications of criminals and
 gather intelligence, the current and past Administrations have chosen
to maintain  strict export controls on encryption. The level of
encryption U.S. companies are permitted to export is now so weak that
a college hacker can break it in less than  four hours.
 If export controls could keep encryption from criminals, controls
would make  sense. But U.S. self-restraint has simply encouraged
foreign producers of strong  encryption, who are not covered by export
limits, to fill the vacuum. Hundreds of  strong encryption products,
many developed in countries like Canada, Ireland, Germany and Russia,
are increasingly available abroad. And as foreign competitors
 use their advantage in encryption to win more high-tech sales, we
lose jobs.
 The National Research Council's blue-ribbon panel on encryption
policy recently  warned that ``foreign competition could emerge at a
level significant enough to  damage the present U.S. world
leadership'' in the software industry. Such damage could jeopardize
hundreds of thousands of high-paying jobs. It could also  undermine
our national security, according to the Council, by making it harder
for  the U.S. government to keep abreast of evolving encryption
technology in the  future. The Council endorsed a relaxation of export
controls in order to maintain the U.S. lead in this vital sector.
 The Administration has proposed a ``key recovery'' system to require
users to  make available to governments the ``keys''' to decode their
private communications. But giving governments worldwide ready access
to individuals' private information and to corporate secrets raises
difficult issues. Will U.S. firms operating in China be forced to
trust that government with the keys to their trade secrets? Will human
rights groups abroad, where U.S. constitutional protections do
 not apply, be forced to give authoritarian governments the keys to
their membership lists? Can we really expect criminals to give up
their keys so that they may be made available to the government?
 Key recovery won't work unless the many countries that produce
encryption adopt it. Otherwise criminals could still obtain encryption
from non-complying countries.  But countries like Germany have refused
to support key recovery. Indeed, they have a strong economic incentive
to resist. As long as the international disagreements persist and we
hog-tie our industry, their's will enjoy an advantage in world
 The National Research Council urged a balanced approach to this
problem: improve security on the Internet and prevent crime by
relaxing exports controls and allowing U.S. exporters to meet the
competition. Maintain robust controls against rogue nations. Impose
penalties for misusing encryption to commit crime.  And invest in
additional technical capabilities to help our intelligence agencies
adjust to the information age.
 Led by Members like Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren, D-San Jose, more than
250 Democrats and Republicans in the House of Representatives --
myself included -- have joined in support of the Security and Freedom
through Encryption (SAFE) bill to relax export controls and advance
many of the recommendations of the National Research Council.
 With growing support, the SAFE bill makes it clear that the Congress
will not tolerate the continued shackling of our high-tech sector. We
are willing to work with all sides to develop a consensus on a
workable, market-oriented approach that can advance our law
enforcement interests and win international acceptance.
 But we aren't willing to simply watch the current stalemate continue
and keep U.S. industry on the sidelines. It is time to move forward
and modernize our export policies for the information age.
 Rep. Richard A. Gephardt, D-Mo., is the House Democratic leader.  Published Thursday, August 21, 1997, in the San Jose Mercury News - -> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
- ->  Posted by: "J. Orlin Grabbe" ------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-08-27 03:28:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Stewart Baker on Bernstein encryption decision (fwd) 
well now Mr. BAKER, it has cost a lot of companies a lot of TIME and MONEY and SALES to adhere to laws that were
obviously UNCONSTITUTIONAL from the very beginning, such that
even the most dimwitted of citizens could tell you, but the sharpest
politicians and bureacrats in our government could or would not, all erected by a government way out of control and subject to covert machinations
by a massively funded/favored constituency known as the SPOOKS,
under the patriotic guise of NATIONAL SECURITY. I sincerely hope that this is the first straw that breaks that fraudulent camel's back. soon let the whole corrupt structure fall like the rotten house of cards that it is.
ironic indeed that you of all people would lament the
"money, time, and sales" that have cost companies in the
bureacratic and regulatory quagmire that is known as our government.
yes, let your hastily-composed email stand as eternal testament
to the fact that SOME PEOPLE JUST DON'T GET IT, even as they
wallow daily in their own hypocrisy.
the horrid and repulsive episode known as "cryptography regulations"
is indicative that there
are some people in the world who are not playing by rules of honor
and integrity, even as they live under the same country, they do not
have an agenda that is befitting of the welfare of the general
populace, that they will exercise the greatest ingenuity in stretching their own authorities beyond that which is legitimate,
in the attempt to glom as much power as can be obtained,
and can be restrained from their covert machinations
against their fellow man only by the shrewdest of vigilance-- something
we have been deeply remiss and negligent, as a nation, in invoking.
when in the course of human events it become necessary to expunge a gosh, could it really be the authority was handed to the commerce department
so "the government could avoid the                 constitutional deficiencies of its regulations by rotating oversight            of them from department to department"??? naw. ah, but that would be like
impugning the impeccable motives of the tooth fair, would it not?
(if so, it would be the one of the least vile and sleazy tactics employed
so far in the whole sorry affair.)
I am sorry that this message can barely begin to muster the sarcastic contempt I feel for you and your despicable cohorts, Mr. Baker. if you
prefer a more civil message, perhaps TCM will have some consolation
for you.

@_date: 1997-09-04 15:48:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: on the social taboo/stigma 
consider the recent events surrounding cigarettes. various laws
were passed for many decades that made them more difficult to obtain and sell. regulations increased. yet they have not
seen major effects in sales until relatively recently in history.
why is this?
because of the social taboo and stigma associated with them. this taboo and stigma only recently arose. and its efficacy
is attested to by the figures on the sales of cigarettes, which
have gone down considerably in the US. (yes I am aware of what
is happening in foreign markets-- please stay with me for a minute).
we have tobacco executives virtually being put on trial. their shame
is palpable.
what I would like to try to draw to your attention here to something
very powerful. it is the social taboo or stigma, and in some ways
it is the only long-lasting, enduring landmark of social consciousness. laws may come and go. people may obey or not follow laws. what is the
difference? I think it is clear that it is not taboo to break
some laws in the public's mind. (prohibition is one example).
laws can be viewed as an attempt to create a social taboo or
stigma via legislation. it is effective for the most part. but
it can be unreasonable and public opinion can diverge from the
what is the cpunk relevance? well, I am trying to point out that
taboos and stigmas are very powerful weapons. a government may
have physical weapons, but not use them because of international stigma. the reaction of other countries might be so great that
the "benefits" (a horrific term in this case) are not worth the
loss of accommodations given by other countries, which would
be retracted.
social stigmas/tabboos are very important in gauging the psyche
of a public. you can psychoanalyze the public at large by
determining what they consider taboo or stigmas. mass social
movements represent shifts in taboos and stigmas. consider
the sexual revolution for example. in some ways, the taboo
or stigma in a person's psyche are the root measure of their
behavior, not laws. if someone perceives there is no
taboo or stigma ("not getting caught" is related to this) there
is no deterrent.
here's the application. if cpunks wish to achieve certain goals,
one way is to try to create stigmas and taboos where none previously
existed, or tear down those that already exist that are obstacles
to the cpunk agenda. so, for example, a "stigma" about exporting
unapproved cryptography could be turned into a badge of honor. likewise,
we could create a "stigma" about working in the NSA.
this is the main them I want to nail in this letter.
many people are in jobs that some may consider ethically reprehensible.
they believe they have no choice. consider the tens of thousands
of very intelligent people (some of the most intelligent on the planet) that are *right*now* creating horrendous weapons of destruction in the name of "defense". they know in their hearts
that these weapons are stretching the concept of defense to the
"indefensible" so to speak. that is, they could only have offensive (in all senses of the word) applications.
moreover, even if they have defensive capabilities, they have
absolutely no way of ensuring their government would not misapply
them. anyone who thinks otherwise is pathetically naive. there
were famous scientists who developed the atom bomb who had
major turns of thought after they saw how it was applied. but
does anybody listen today? I encourage anyone working on their
ingenious defense research to get the slightest historical
clue about atom bomb development. how smart do you really think
you are, if what you are developing can be misused, and you
are merely a pawn in a big machine?
I am writing this letter to all those people who are *right*now*
channeling their own human energies into sinister applications. you might be working for the NSA. you might be working in the
defense industry. whereever, whatever. you have pangs of conscience
that you don't want to face. you can go a whole lifetime not
thinking about it. your superiors and everything in your environment
encourages you *not* to *think* about it. I am asking you to *think* about it. I am asking you to realize
that governments cannot go in the direction that they are not
supported. if tomorrow everyone who worked in the NSA said, "I am fed up, I don't have to take this job, they can intimidate
me but this is a free country, I have skills that are valuable
channelled elsewhere and not in constricting freedoms"-- the NSA would be
dead. you don't need laws or to create revolutions or governments
to get social change. in fact revolutions are typically intrinsically beyond laws, and new governments arise only when society's thoughts
everything, *everything* that cpunks rail against is being held
up by other *people*. these people are not evil, they merely
think differently. many of them react to mass social pressure
and stigma. can the public successfully create new, effective
stigmas that pressure government to reform? it appears to me this
is already happening. I suggest we focuse not on laws or institutions,
but on the people holding them up, and their beliefs.
I suspect there are people such as I am alluding to on the cypherpunk list.
I think there are a lot of very talented programmers, for example,
working on applications of highly questionable moral value (such
as weapons of mass destruction). does anyone have any idea how
much tax money goes into so-called "defense" projects? what evils
have been perpetrated under the guise of "national security"?
I believe that the value of the cpunk list is that it has successfully
created some new taboos and stigmas (associated with spooks), and removed others (such as criticism of the government, etc.)
I think that we need to create some new stigmas and nail them down emphatically. such as, "know that what you are working on is going toward
a greater good" (i.e. a stigma or taboo associated with the
lack of this), not "keep your mouth shut and don't ask any
questions". consider a programmer union that had recommendations
to its members such as these. "I will not work on code that
can be misused for violence. I will not work on code that
does not have adequate safeguards against its use" etc.
do you know what all your friends and neighbors are doing?
can we make it so that its really *uncool* to be supporting
rotten institutions via one's labor, instead of having some
kind of warped charisma associated with being a "rocket scientist"?
to borrow an ominous phrase, I call on the oppressed workers of the world to unite. I call on you to discover your own power and conscience. I call on you to have a philosophy that you have thought out, and
to adhere to it. consider what you are applying *your* energy
to. and consider the possibility that even though you think you
have no choice, that is the lie that keeps you as a secure  brick in the wall of oppression. all the rotten structures of
power would collapse in an instant if those who held them up
stopped doing so.
if nobody will work on his software, Big Brother cannot exist.

@_date: 1997-09-06 05:01:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Political News from Wired News 
it's amazing. in all the blathering by senators etc. over these
crypto bills (Feinstein, Freeh etc.), has *anyone* raised the possibility on the record
that the key recovery is UNCONSTITUTIONAL? maybe I'm not following closely enough, but I haven't seen a *single* reference. that's really eerie. can't we get a *single* senator to bring up that issue?

@_date: 1997-09-09 04:14:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Removing Tyranny from Democracy (Part II), was Democracy is the true enemy... 
FYI, SS is quoting from a new book that I have mentioned on this
list on a prior date.
our elections are also corrupted by the fact that voters are not
expending any significant effort to decide whom to vote for. they
watch tv, and if an advertisement pushes their buttons in the right
way, it affects their vote.
another possibility in reforming our system is changing it away
from a *republic* in which we elect senators and representatives
to a true democracy. it is easier to bribe politicians than it
is to bribe the public in my opinion. in fact, that's what we
need, someone that bribes the public-at-large instead of smaller
constituencies to get elected. a single senator can be bribed,
but bribing the entire population is like ultimately serving them.
consider that products sold for less money are in a way a kind
of "bribe" on the public. (a coarse word to use here). but the
products are trying to buy favoritism. I propose this is mostly
a problem only when they are appealing to narrow audiences.
for example, a bill that supports only timber cutters is a small constituency, susceptible to bribery. a bill that benefits
the entire nation is contrary to this.
the public needs to eventually learn that for every dollar they send
to washington, they get only a fraction back, no matter how lucrative
their own pork. the problem with our
politics is that voters have not realized that they are almost always
cheating themselves when they try to cheat their neighbors. it's a shell
game that they keep playing as long as they think someone else is paying.
I don't believe there are intrinsic flaws in democracy, so much as
there are intrinsic flaws in *human*nature* that are coming to light
after decades. government is a reflection of our human natures.
one cannot really expect a government to correct the flaws of its
users, any more than software could do the same.

@_date: 1997-09-15 11:52:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IRS tax reform y2k style 
Gary North has been predicting apocalypse on the y2k subject
for awhile. but he has a lot of data to back his claims.
this talks about the IRS computers and predicts they're going
to collapse.
------- Forwarded Message
- - -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
to - - -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: PGP for Personal Privacy 5.0
Charset: noconv
- - -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
- -> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
- ->  Posted by: Jack Doolin ------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-09-19 03:24:48
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: y2k as ideological opportunity 
the y2k question with regards to the government has a key
question: suppose computers start cranking out nonsense.
how fast can each problem be fixed? the IRS has armies
of people *right*now* that do nothing but fix problems
created by the computers. how far would this force go
toward fixing all y2k problems? not far, I imagine. but
one thing that Gary North is not emphasizing a lot is
that the big question is how fast new forces can be mobilized
when the government finds itself in a crisis. it is
true at the current rate it looks dismal for the govt to
fix the problems in time, but govt has huge amounts of monetary resources to throw at problems when it wants to.
does anyone have any idea how much cash sloshes around in
defense industries? sure, the computers may go haywire
for a few days, or a few weeks, but this may not have
a noticeable impact on govt as usual. the govt has an
army of clerks that can be mobilized to do by hand much
of what is required. it is a small force, but what I am pointing
out is that this is not a black-or-white success-failure
proposition. the government is  notoriously ingenious at
"limping along" on limited resources!!
this is my call out to PROGRAMMERS not to work on projects
that you don't consider ideologically valid. let's start
a movement in which "intellectual capital" refuses to be
routed toward supporting oppressive, self-perpetuating,
dying welfare-state institutions.  imagine a worldwide
programmer union or movement in which programmers refuse
to work on y2k problems in the government and refuse to
work on other projects they do not support, no matter what
the money. they say that every man has his price.
integrity has no price!! imagine, would you turn down any
amount of money to work on the corrupt state mechanisms?
this is exactly what is required to bring them down. as
long as they can continue to bribe the populace with its
own money, they will continue.

@_date: 1997-10-02 09:43:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: money laundering book review 
some new books that might be of interest to some cpunks
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-10-07 09:05:27
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: govt goes gun nuts 
for the libertarians & govt haters
------- Forwarded Message
==== BEGIN FORWARD================================
60,000 pistol-packing federal bureaucrats
show why people fear the government
        WASHINGTON, DC -- A new report revealing that almost 60,000
federal employees now carry weapons has prompted the Libertarian Party
to come out in favor of gun control -- for the federal government.
        According to a study by the General Accounting Office (GAO), an
astounding 60,000 government employees in 45 different agencies now
carry guns as a routine part of their job.
        And it's not just law enforcement agents: Poultry inspectors,
park rangers, and disaster aid workers are all allowed to carry
weapons -- in addition to special agents from the Small Business
Administration, NASA, the Department of Education, the U.S. Fish &
Wildlife Service, and even the Department of Veterans Affairs, noted
Steve Dasbach, national chairman of the Libertarian Party.
        "Federal employees have gone nuts -- gun nuts," he said. "It's
time to impose a waiting period on the federal government, while the
American people conduct a background check on these armed and
potentially dangerous bureaucrats."
        According to the GAO investigation, the number of federal
employees with guns is growing rapidly -- up by 20% in the last 10
years. In fact, 2,436 armed personnel were added to the federal
government's payroll last year alone.
        Even worse, federal employees are getting more powerful
weapons. According to the GAO, the Energy Department now has access to
machine guns, and other agencies can summon tanks and military
helicopters. In addition, the Western Journalism Center discovered that
the National Park Service and the Department of Health & Human Services
now have their own SWAT teams.
        Machines guns? Tanks? SWAT teams? What's going on?
        Dasbach said he has a theory: "Congress has passed over 3,000
criminal laws, and federal agencies have churned out hundreds of
thousands of regulations that carry criminal penalties. The result is
that ordinary Americans run a constant risk of violating laws they've
never even heard of as federal agents scramble to enforce those laws at
the point of a gun."
        And Libertarians aren't the only ones who have noticed this
disturbing trend, he said.
        For example, Congressman Ron Paul (R-TX) last month blasted the
"massive buildup of a virtual army of armed regulators." Larry Pratt,
head of Gun Owners of America, described the 60,000 armed federal
employees as "a standing army -- it's outrageous." And Greg Lojein,
legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union, said the
acquisition of "heavy equipment" like tanks and helicopters by federal
agencies is "more characteristic of war than law enforcement."
        "No wonder Americans don't trust their government; their
government doesn't trust them," said Dasbach. "But trust doesn't grow
out of the barrel of a gun -- or from the sight of a pistol-packing
poultry inspector.
        "If we want to live in an America where ordinary citizens don't
have to fear their own government -- and where the government doesn't
have 60,000 guns pointed at ordinary citizens -- the solution is to
demand a government that obeys the Constitution and protects the
liberties of its citizens," he said.
        "And the first step: Gun control for the federal government.
Let's end this federal arms race, and turn the federal bureaucracy into
a demilitarized zone."
The Libertarian Party
======= END FORWARD =============================================
Chris W. Stark
Gun Owners of America - Texas Representative
e-mail: gunowner
Visit our Web Page at: Support "The only no compromise gun lobby in Washington & Texas."
                *****************************
             ***Become a member of GOA TODAY!***
                *****************************
   "No class or group or party in Germany could escape its share of responsibility for the abandonment of the democratic Republic
and the advent of Adolf Hitler. The cardinal error of the Germans
who opposed Nazism was their failure to unite against it.
....the 63% of the German people who expressed their opposition
to Hitler were much too divided and shortsighted to combine against
a common danger which they must have known would overwhelm them
unless they united, HOWEVER TEMPORARY, to stamp it out."
 -William L. Shirer, author of "The rise and fall of
the Third Reich"
  p.259
.....they who do not learn from History are DOOMED to repeat it!!
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     subscribe ignition-point email
     unsubscribe ignition-point email
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-10-30 10:26:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: new intel verification circuit & crypto 
John Dvorak has an interesting column in a recent PC
magazine on the possibility that Intel has created
some new circuits in its new chips that would allow
alteration by software. this is to deal with a "verification crisis" in which the complexity of
their large chips is outstripping their ability
to test for flaws and make them perfect. according to
Dvorak the scheme would allow Intel to release a software program that would actually alter the
circuitry of the chip.
information at this point is very limited; Dvorak says
that Intel doesn't want to announce the scheme for fear
that it may not work in an embarrassing scenario.
he says that the scheme is protected using cryptographic
algorithms, so that hackers would be prevented from altering
the chip. he raises the spectre of a virus that could
do permanent, irreparable damage to the chip.
however, I have some big red flags going off in my brain
the more I think about this. it seems to me that no matter
what kind of cryptography is used on the chip, there is
the possibility of reverse engineering via dissassemblers
& debuggers etc. if the software is distributed widely.
hackers have long experience with this, and I suspect if
a fix was released, the code could be cracked quite the only other possibility is that Intel would require
people to bring the chip into a service dealer. but this
would decrease the utility and convenience of the fix
feature, and I doubt they could protect the distribution
of the software in this case either.
anyway, an interesting topic of conversation for this
list, no?

@_date: 1997-11-02 06:30:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: effective GACK fighting 
the key battles will be waged in the courtrooms after any
laws get passed. frankly, I admit I am stunned with the
seeming ease with which various bad laws get passed. in my
youthful naivete I would have thought that an unconstitutional bill, or one with the slightest doubt, wouldn't even be
remotely *considered*. but what the last crypto bill runaround showed rather shockingly was that it is horrifyingly easy for bad bills to make it far into the legislative process, and a kind of frankensteinan
process can occur in which a bill ends up being manipulated
far beyond or to the direct opposite of its original intentions. moreover, virtually no congressmen
any more care about whether a law is constitutional--
it's a concept that is trampled underfoot in all the lobbying and
hence, I think we need to rely more on the courtroom-- it's
the only "language" that bureacrats understand. extremely expensive, but more effective. it forces us to put our money
where our mouths are. "the price of liberty is eternal vigilance"
and a lot of cash as well. the PRZ case proves the public
can support such a campaign. also tactics
as used by Softwar such as the FOIA attack approach. I predict that there are going to be major lawsuits of interest
to the cypherpunks in the near future. the telecom industry
is dragging its feet over implementing the orwellian FBI
digital wiretap law, last I heard. this is a big story that
Wired et. al. have not noticed imho. the telecom industry
from what I can tell considers it a bureacratic nightmare and
stalling as much as possible. just wait until it gets to the
point they feel like turning loose their armies of pit-bull
lawyers. these are companies that consider litigation virtually
part of their job description.
so the major GAK lawsuit might go like this. joe sixpack
uses a GAK system but "superencrypts" on top of it. fbi
gets a warrant but cannot read his mail, tries to prosecute
him on "obstruction of justice" or whatever, unrelated to
any actual crime. joe sixpack sues the FBI for violation
of the first amendment rights. it would be a great spectacle.
increasingly I think we should not be so alarmed when
orwellian laws pass. we need to fight them tooth and nail
in the beginning, but in many ways a court victory such as
with the CDA can be far more compelling to the government
bureacrats than lobbying.
and of course there is the "guerilla tactics" that everyone
here is so fond of advocating, which I think have some
appropriateness in some forms. even Gandhi advocated
"widespread civil disobedience"

@_date: 1997-11-04 08:55:14
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict 
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
       NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict
                    by J. Orlin Grabbe
the U.S. regularly provided Iraq's Saddam Hussein with top-secret communication intercepts by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA).  Consider the evidence.
public relations firm of Hill & Knowlton ten million dollars to drum up American war fever against the evil dictator Hussein, it brought about the end of a long legacy of cooperation between the U.S. and Iraq.  Hill & Knowlton resurrected the World War I propaganda story about German soldiers roasting Belgian babies on bayonets, updated in the form of a confidential witness (actually the daughter of the Kuwaiti ambassador to the U.S.) who told Congress a tearful story of Iraqi soldiers taking Kuwaiti babies out of incubators and leaving them on the cold floor to die.  President George Bush then repeated this fabricated tale in speeches ten times over the next three days.
events is that, until then, Hussein had operated largely with U.S. approval.  This cooperation had spanned three successive administrations, starting with Jimmy Carter.  As noted by John R. MacArthur, "From 1980 to 1988, Hussein had shouldered the burden of killing about 150,000 Iranians, in addition to at least thirteen thousand of his own citizens, including several thousand unarmed Kurdish civilians, and in the process won the admiration and support of elements of three successive U.S. Administrations" [1].
good military intelligence.  The role of NSA in the conflict is an open secret in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia.  Only in this country has there been a relative news blackout, despite the fact that it was the U.S. administration that let the crypto cat out of the bag.  world on national television that the United States was reading Libyan communications.  This admission was part of a speech justifying the retaliatory bombing of Libya for its alleged involvement in the La Belle discotheque bombing in Berlin's Schoeneberg district, where two U.S. soldiers and a Turkish woman were killed, and 200 others injured. Reagan wasn't talking about American monitoring of Libyan news broadcasts. Rather, his "direct, precise, and undeniable proof"  referred to secret (encrypted) diplomatic communication between Tripoli and the Libyan embassy in East Berlin.
demonstration that it was also reading secret Iranian communications.  As reported in Switzerland's Neue Zrcher Zeitung,  the U.S. provided the contents of encrypted Iranian messages to France to assist in the conviction of Ali Vakili Rad and Massoud Hendi for the stabbing death in the Paris suburb of Suresnes of the former Iranian prime minister Shahpour Bakhtiar and his personal secretary Katibeh Fallouch. [2]
had both purchased cryptographic communication equipment from the Swiss firm Crypto AG. Crypto AG was founded in 1952 by the (Russian-born) Swedish cryptographer Boris Hagelin who located his company in  Zug.  Boris had created the "Hagelin-machine", a encryption device similar to the German "Enigma".  The Hagelin machine was used on the side of the Allies in World War II.
Switzerland was a neutral country. So Crypto AG's enciphering devices for voice communication and digital data networks were popular, and customers came from 130 countries. These included the Vatican, as well the governments of Iraq, Iran, and Libya.  Such countries were naturally skeptical of cryptographic devices sold in many NATO countries, so turned to relatively neutral Switzerland for communication security.
the leaks, when it arrested Hans Buehler, a top salesman for Crypto AG, in Teheran on March 18, 1992.  During his nine and a half months of solitary confinement in Evin prison in Teheran, Buehler was questioned again and again whether he had leaked Teheran's codes or Libya's keys to Western powers.  Luckily Buehler didn't know anything.  He in fact believed in his own sales pitch that Crypto AG was a neutral company and its equipment was the best.  They were Swiss, after all.  [3]
Buehler's release in January 1993, then promptly fired him once they had reassured themselves that he hadn't revealed anything important under interrogation, and because Buehler had begun to ask some embarrassing questions. Then reports appeared on Swiss television, Swiss Radio International, all the major Swiss papers, and in German magazines like Der Spiegel.  Had Crypto AG's equipment been spiked by Western intelligence services? the media wanted to know. The answer was Yes [4].
AG to a company in Liechtenstein, and from there back to a trust company in Munich. A witness appearing on Swiss television explained the real owner was the German government--the Federal Estates Administration. [5]
shares of Crypto AG were at one time owned by Eugen Freiberger, who resided in Munich and was head of the Crypto AG managing board in 1982. Another German, Josef Bauer, an authorized tax agent of the Muenchner Treuhandgesellschaft KPMG, and who was elected to the managing board in 1970, stated that his mandate had come from the German company Siemens.  Other members of Crypto AG's management had also worked at Siemens. Was the German secret service, the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND), hiding behind the Siemens' connection?
October 1970, a secret meeting of the BND had discussed how the Swiss company Graettner could be guided into closer cooperation with Crypto AG, or could even merged with it. The BND additionally considered how "the Swedish company Ericsson could be influenced through Siemens to terminate its own cryptographic business." [6]
had to coordinate his developments with "people from Bad Godesberg". This was the location of the "central office for encryption affairs" of the BND, and the service instructed Crypto AG what algorithms to use to create the codes.  The employee also remembers an American "watcher", who strongly demanded the use of certain encryption methods.
often. A memorandum of  a secret workshop at Crypto AG in August 1975, where a new prototype of an encryption device was demonstrated, mentions the participation of Nora L. Mackebee, an NSA cryptographer. Motorola engineer Bob Newman says that Mackebee was introduced to him as a "consultant".  Motorola cooperated with Crypto AG in the seventies in developing a new generation of electronic encryption machines.   The Americans "knew Zug very well and gave travel tips to the Motorola people for the visit at Crypto AG," Newman told Der Spiegel.
AG enciphering process, developed in cooperation with the NSA and the German company Siemans, involved secretly embedding the decryption key in the cipher text.  Those who knew where to look could monitor the encrypted communication, then extract the decryption key that was also part of the transmission, and recover the plain text message.  Decryption of a message by a knowledgeable third party was not any more difficult that it was for the intended receiver.  (More than one method was used.  Sometimes the algorithm was simply deficient, with built-in exploitable weaknesses.)
reports are ""pure invention".
Hussein exactly?  Answers to this question are currently being sought in a lawsuit against NSA in New Mexico, which has asked to see "all Iranian messages and translations between January 1, 1980 and June 10, 1996". intelligence to someone like Saddam Hussein brings up other questions.  Which dictator is the U.S. passing top secret messages to currently?  Jiang Zemin?  Boris Yeltsin?  NSA largess if he returns to the mass slaughter of Iranians?  What exactly is the purpose of NSA anyway?
                   Bibliography
[1] John R. MacArthur, Second Front: Censorship and Propaganda in the Gulf War, Hill and Wang, New York, [2] Some of the background of this assassination can be found in "The Tehran Connection," Time Magazine, March 21, 1994.
[3] The Buehler case is detailed in Res Strehle, Verschleusselt: der Fall Hans Beuhler, Werd Verlag, Zurich, 1994.  [4] "For years, NSA secretly rigged Crypto AG machines so that U.S. eavesdroppers could easily break their codes, according to former company employees whose story is supported by company documents,"  "No Such Agency, Part 4: Rigging the Game," The Baltimore Sun, December 4, 1995.
[5] Reported in programs about the Buehler case that were broadcast on Swiss Radio International on May 15, 1994 and July 18, 1994.
[6]  "Wer ist der befugte Vierte?":  Geheimdienste unterwandern den Schutz von Verschlusselungsgeraten," Der Spiegel 36, 1996.
[7] U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico, William H. Payne, Arthur R. Morales, Plaintiffs, v. Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director of National Security Agency, National Security Agency, Defendant, CIV NO 97 0266 SC/DJS.
- -> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
- ->  Posted by: KALLISTE
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-11-07 07:56:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: plugin to sell digital files in cyberspace announced!! 
wow, I have been thinking that netscape/microsoft would put
something like this in their browser and that this would
kickstart the microcurrency market. however, it sounds like
someone has preempted them for the moment and
built a plugin. this is an extremely significant development
imho. I don't know how credible they are (the notice was
spam) but it's a step in the right direction, and the
creation of a whole new market I predict.
I-vendor is offering a freeware version of a software plug-in that
anyone to sell digital files such as photos, programs, text based
information etc. from any web site. You don't have to be a company, you
don't have to have credit card facilities, you don't have to do anything
fancy with your web site - just convert your files, put them on your
site and wait for the monthly checks. The software works with Window 3.x
& 95 and current versions of Netscape and Internet Explorer - full
instructions for use are provided.
- - ---
Visit  to download the freeware
plug-in and information pack.

@_date: 1997-11-10 13:57:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: pentium bug/microprocessor design 
I've been having a brief discussion with someone on this list about
the pentium flaws. for those of you who don't know,
there's actually a minor crisis brewing in
chip design. Intel probably tests their chips more rigorously than just about anybody. the crisis is
that because of the enormous increasing complexity of
individual chips, it's becoming statistically impossible
to completely test them. that is, as much as people want
to curse Intel for their bugs, it's actually the case
that they've been ahead of the curve as much as possible
in testing. there are new schemes in the
works by which Intel etc. are trying to deal with this,
including a remarkable scheme in which new microcode
can be downloaded to the chip. it also involves encryption
in which one needs to know the encryption mechanism for
the chip to accept the new instructions. apparently it's
done in such a way that no one except those who know the
encryption can successfully alter the chip.
but this does raise a lot of cypherpunk issues such as
about reverse engineering etc.

@_date: 1997-11-18 12:59:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: secret life of bill clinton 
based on rumor this book is selling extremely well.
why have you not seen it in the mainstream media? answer:
because the mainstream media is secretly controlled.
it is my opinion that we have the government we deserve
based on our total apathy and irresponsibility when it
comes to the political process, speaking as an american.
as slimy and corrupt as Bill is, I think he is just the
first layer of the rotteness and that there are many people
in government who are far more sinister who use him as a pawn
in even more diabolical schemes.
I think we are witnessing a scale of corruption at such
high levels and of such an extent as to have never
before been seen in western civilization.
the big question is whether the american public will wake
up before the next election, or whether nothing
will happen with "business as usual"...
buy this book and help free yourself from the invisible
prison we find ourselves in!!
------- Forwarded Message
THE SECRET LIFE OF BILL CLINTON
                           Book Review
By Cathy Leahy
Two hundred years ago Frenchman Alexis  de  Tocqueville  came  to
America  to analyze a fledgling democracy and he left celebrating
her  by  writing  "Democracy  in  America."   Four   years   ago,
Englishman  Ambrose  Evans-Pritchard came with that same hope and
instead has written America's eulogy in "The Secret Life of  Bill
Clinton".  After  reading  this  well written and well documented
book, one might wish  to  rename  it,   "The  Death  of  American
Democracy At The Hands of Bill Clinton."
And if one didn't know the book is about an  American  president,
one  would  think  it describes Hitler, Stalin or better yet, the
(now executed for their crimes) Ceaucescus of Romania.  In  fact,
Evans-Pritchard  warns that under the corruption of Bill Clinton,
"you can sniff the pungent odors of decay in  the  American  body
politic" that was in evidence in continental Europe in the 1920s.
This is a chilling account of  an  emerging  Clinton  pattern  of
lawlessness  with  the  witting  and  unwitting  complicity  of a
complacent establishment that should know  better.  And  although
Evans-Pritchard  doesn't  say  it, he paints a startling parallel
for anyone who has studied history and the rise of Adolf Hitler.
Like Hitler, Clinton used established rules to legally  establish
himself  and quickly went about subverting those same rules. Like
Hitler, once in  office  Clinton  set  about  politicizing  every
government  agency  under  his control, replacing established law
enforcement  with  his  own  loyalists  that  would  silence  his
critics.   Like  Hitler,  he  then  took  control of the press to
further silence  dissent,  although  Clinton  has  done  it  with
seduction  and  lies.   Then,  unencumbered by law, he went about
exterminating his inconvenient associates, two of whom were Vince
Foster  and  Jerry Parks.  That done, he must now create a reason
for people to give up their liberty in favor of safety  with  the
Oklahoma  City  bombing.  Hitler used his henchman to provoke and
help an already irate dissident, Marinus van der Lubbe,  to  burn
the  German  Reichstag  in  1933.  Clinton  used Oklahoma City to
expand his power. If not stopped - and  soon,  what  will  he  do
Evans-Pritchard tells us of the Dixie Mafia and  about  Clinton's
rampant  corruption in Arkansas. He tells us that the Dixie Mafia
is far more dangerous than the Cosa Nostra. Thirty murders  in  a
ten  year period is nothing to Clinton's Dixie Mafia with its one
hundred and fifty.
This  book  is  a  portrait,  with  documentation,  of   American
despotism  that  we  never thought could happen.  Left to his own
devices, Clinton will  put  the  final  nail  in  the  coffin  of
American  democracy. The author does offer some hope, though, but
it will have to come from ordinary citizens who still believe  in
the rule of law.
But if Clinton is tried and convicted for his crimes, will he  be
punished  properly?  Will  he  be  locked  away  along  with  his
accomplices never to be heard from again or will he simply be set
out  to pasture, free to live out his goal of a "one world order"
with himself at the helm?
It's a frightening account but it is a "must  read"  by  we,  the
"ordinary   citizens."    And   although   America's   government
controlled schools will never  allow  it,  this  book  should  be
required reading in every classroom - to save the country.
[The Secret Life of Bill  Clinton.  By  Ambrose  Evans-Pritchard,
Regnery  Publishing,  Inc.,  Nov.  1997.  Available  through  the
Washington Weekly web site.]
  Published in the Nov. 17, 1997 issue of The Washington Weekly
  Copyright 1997 The Washington Weekly (
          Reposting permitted with this message intact
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     subscribe ignition-point email
     unsubscribe ignition-point email
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-11-20 07:28:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: From the Files - Freeh and Flight 800 
I don't understand TCM's recent comments about Kallstrom
doing a "good job" on proving or concluding that the airliner TWA800
was not shot down or bombed.
anyone who has followed anything written by Ian Goddard
on the internet can only drop their mouth in disbelief.
I urge anyone who wants more facts on the matter to look
up Ian Goddard's web site on a search engine. there is
a lot of really solid evidence, including extremely credible
eyewitness accounts, that it was a MISSILE. whether it was
from our own government or not is a question -- but I fail to see how any well-informed people cannot be aware
of the foul, odiferous coverup by the FBI (which to me suggests it was a US military exercise)
also see the book by James Sanders, "the downing of flight TWA800"--
he had a confidential informant involved in the NTSB ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Today the FBI ended the TWA Flight 800 criminal probe. The FBI's
lead investigator James Kallstrom said that the FBI found
"absolutely no evidence" that the tragedy was the result of
a criminal act.
But what was the FBI telling Congress after the incident
occurred? The following expert from CNN is worth saving.
Keep in mind that the FBI Director was simultaneously
lobbying the Judiciary Committee for expanded wiretap
U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, who was among members of Congress briefed
Friday by FBI Director Louis Freeh, said it looked "pretty darn conclusive"
either a bomb or a missile caused the explosion.
"We're looking at a criminal act," Hatch said. "We're looking at somebody who
either put a bomb on it or shot a missile, a surface-to-air missile."
Hatch, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, told CNN he came to his conclusions
after "various conversations" with government officials.
"I won't go so far as to say it was terrorism, but there was sabotage
here," Hatch
said. "It looks like that."
"It's very -- almost 100 percent unlikely -- that this was a mechanical
failure," he
said. "It looks pretty darn conclusive that it was an explosion caused either
internally or externally that was caused by a criminal act."
 * * *

@_date: 1997-12-03 06:13:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Censorware Summit 2.0, from The Netly News 
there's a simple solution to anyone who doesn't
like the so-called "mandatory voluntary" rating systems.
START YOUR OWN!!
anyone is free to create software that filters whatever
sites they deem appropriate, to use whatever algorithms
they think are legitimate.
for example, the the GLAAD agency might come out with
a list of sites they think are appropriate for children
to view that are excluded by other rating systems. I wouldn't
be surprised if some of the rating companies agree to
integrate such a list into their software and give the
end user the choice of whether to turn it on.
what? it takes a lot of time to rate sites? you don't want to do it? yet you want to complain about someone else who has taken
the time to do this for customers who have chosen
to pay for it?
there is a legitimate market for filtering software, and
it is growing. who is to say what software can be run on
someone else's computer? who is to tell parents they shouldn't
use a filtering package for their own children?
filtering software can be as simple or complex as we wish. ultimately end users are voting with their money.
the froth over the rating systems seems to me mostly
overblown. I do agree however that they should not be
made mandatory based on the law.
the free market is solving the problem. we have ratings
agencies and people (such as GLAAD) who rate the rating
agencies. I don't see anything worth hyperventilating about.

@_date: 1997-12-08 09:00:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: NYTimes oped: Federal laws better than censorware 
I still don't understand why it is "censorship" when any
company can come up with any software that rates sites
according to any scheme, and anyone can choose to use
any package, or ignore the software altogether. there is total freedom in all of this.
Declan, why is it that you are now editorializing against an
editorial that asks for government standards & laws instead of
free market ones? are you starting to finally figure out that
private enterprise filtering systems, while having huge aspects that are not all that pleasant, are superior to the
alternative? (btw, I don't like the claims of the editorial
either, but that has always been my position on this issue--
that private enterprise systems are superior to government censorship)
I agree that PICS was introduced in part to try to come up
with a solution to the problem of offensive content that
could be presented as an alternative to any government involvement. people on the net want to solve their own problems
on the net, without laws, in general.
everyone who continues to rant against filtering companies
strike me as people who are screaming sour grapes. "we don't
like the choices these companies have made!!" but just start
your own!! the market is deciding what filtering company
is doing the best job, mostly regardless of your ranting.
and surprise!! guess what!! the market may not actually
decide that it even cares whether filtering products are
up front about informing what sites they filter.
what, it takes a lot of work to filter sites? well, you're
damn right-- doing anything of value requires a lot of work,
and the filtering companies are working hard to improve their
technology, no thanks to the screechings of a lot of people
who feel that they have some better way of judging filtering
software than the parents who use it.
the net will continue to support schemes that help separate,
segregate, and rate content, and those who reject such ideas as
"censorship" are going to be seen as increasingly out-of-touch
and clueless about how the technology works.
does anyone claim it is censorship because a service interested
in rating "cool sites" does not rate many sites it thinks are not
cool? why then is there so much controversy when a *service*
designed to rate *sites acceptable to children* does not include
certain sites? can anyone tell me the difference? answer: many
people wish to be the judge of what children can and cannot see.
but ultimately,  does anyone other than a parent have the
authority to do this? in a free society, which I think we
still live in, that is?
if you think you are a better judge of what children should
see, create your own service that includes whatever you think
is being excluded. the market may support you. or, the market
may thumb its nose at you.
(however, postscript to all of the above,
I do agree that any government laws making filtering
software in some way mandatory is bogus and abhorrent.)

@_date: 1997-12-08 11:45:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: reno, encryption, rsa, etc. (softwar) 
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
General Reno has declined to appoint an Independent Counsel to
investigate campaign abuses by the Clinton White House.  Several
Congressional leaders have sputtered they are concerned about
Ms. Reno's conflict of interest in the matter.  Of course, the
Republican specifics of her "conflict" never go past the fact
that she was appointed by Clinton.  However, the connections
between Ms. Reno and the Clinton scandals are well known to at
least one person inside the Beltway.
One example of Reno's conflict is the Clinton China Crypto Scam.
It was Reno's Justice Anti-Trust Division that authorized the
merger of a major company backed by a big donor to the DNC.  The
companies, RSA and Security Dynamics, sought the merger in 1996
just after RSA Chairman James Bidzos signed a memo of
understanding to perform "encryption research" with China.  The
donor, Sanford Robertson, paid $100,000 to the DNC just prior to
the merger.  Furthermore, Mr. Robertson was on the list of those
called by Al Gore from the White House and the MONEY arrived
just after Gore's call.  In fact, $20,000 of Robertson's
donation was split into a HARD money account by the DNC.  Of
course, Mr. Robertson's investment firm made a cool two million
dollars on the merger deal, spurred in part by the lucrative
RSA contract with the PRC.
Yet, Ms. Reno was also directed officially by President Clinton
to oversee the "encryption problem" and enforce policy.  For
example, according to recently declassified documents from the
Clinton National Security Council, Ms. Reno was tasked by
President Clinton in 1993 to oversee the Clipper project.  Ms.
Reno was directed by Clinton to purchase 9,000 Clipper phones
for the FBI.  In addition, Clinton directed Ms. Reno to prepare
Clipper for export.  Finally, Reno was tasked to convince the US
communications and computer industry to voluntarily implement
the Clipper "key escrow" back door into all US made products.
Simply put, Ms. Reno was, and is still, in charge of bugging
America's telephones.
Yet, how far can Ms. Reno go?  According to the Presidential
Directive, "Should (US) industry fail to fully assist the
government in meeting its requirements within a reasonable
period of time, the Attorney General will recommend legislation
which would compel manufacturers to meet government
Thus, if we do not voluntarily give up our rights to privacy,
Ms. Reno is tasked by President Clinton with drawing up the laws
for "mandatory" government phone bugs.  Yet, there is
overwhelming evidence that Ms. Reno quietly turned her head as a
major DNC backer managed a deal involving the Communist Chinese
and advanced encryption technology.
Other than approving the lucrative RSA merger/export, Ms Reno
and the Justice Department are also major players in export
policy.  They are part of an Inter-Agency Working group
specifically tasked to cover crypto and exports.  As proof,
Reno's Justice Department has written most of the Clinton
encryption policy papers.  In fact, some of the secret documents
written by Reno's Justice Department on crypto policy were
compromised by former DNC fund-raiser Ira Sockowitz.  Sockowitz
walked out of the Commerce Department with over 2,000 pages of
secrets in 1996.  Ironically, included in the Sockowitz papers
are secret documents covering the 1996 RSA/China deal.
Curiously, Ms. Reno has chosen NOT to look into the matter.
The connections between Ms. Reno and the Clinton scandals are
also well known to at least one person inside the Beltway.  FBI
Director Louie Freeh knows.  He is aware of that advanced
technology was being shipped to China while draconian laws
banning the same technology were considered here.  Director
Freeh also knows that his boss, Ms. Reno, is deeply involved in
criminal obstruction involving high tech exports, DNC donors,
and her own Justice Department.  He knows she is covering for
crimes that she and her Department were charged to prevent.
The question now is...  Does Freeh have the guts to tell
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
Pcyphered SIGNATURE:
- -> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
- ->  Posted by: "J. Orlin Grabbe" ------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-12-08 12:29:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: PRZ/PGP loses it 
Seems like the days of peer-reviewed encryption
software may be numbered.  Just trust Us.
Barry Skaggs
Cloud Over Future of Pretty Good Privacy
     The Price of Key Recovery
Following Monday's US$35 million cash
acquisition of PGP by Network Associates,
the man who once testified before the
Senate that key recovery could "strengthen
the hand of a police state" now works for a
company that actively promotes it. Reaction from e-privacy activists was swift
and harsh. "The users of PGP can no longer rely on the
credibility of Phil Zimmermann to ensure that
the product is everything that they've been
promised it's been previously," said Dave
Banisar, attorney for the Electronic Privacy
Information Center and co-author of The
Electronic Privacy Papers Network Associates, formerly known as
the Key Recovery Alliance, an organization
that lobbies Congress for key recovery that
would grant law enforcement agencies
back-door access to private encrypted
communications. Network Associates and other companies
support key recovery because it would allow
them to export strong crypto software
without bothering to make a separate
nonrecoverable version for the domestic
market. The Commerce Department forbids
export of the strongest available encryption
without elaborate promises from
manufacturers to develop key recovery
features. Thus many companies are forced
to develop both export and domestic
versions of their software, each with
differing crypto strengths. But Zimmermann, a pioneer of strong
encryption, has spent years crusading
against key recovery, calling it an invasion
of privacy. And the most recent release of
PGP's encryption software allows users to
disable key recovery. "People should give their consent to use
[recovery]," Zimmermann said. When asked
whether future versions of the package will
retain that option, Zimmermann replied,
"Certainly, as long as I have anything to say
about it." Zimmermann's new title at Network
Associates is "fellow," but he declined to
comment on exactly what authority and
responsibility that confers. Meanwhile, Phil
Dunkelberger, PGP's former president and
CEO, was named general manager of
Network Associates' Total Network
Security Division. "It's going to take some time to figure things
out," said Zimmermann. EPIC's Banisar was less diplomatic and
postulated that Zimmermann's new title
reflected a clash of values between him and
Network Associates on key recovery. "We have a number of fellows here, and
they are usually unpaid volunteers," Banisar
said. "It will require a fundamental examination by
human rights groups and others about
whether any newer versions of PGP are
truly trustworthy," said Banisar. Network Associates could not be reached
for comment. Wired, Dec. 3, 1997 To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     subscribe ignition-point email
     unsubscribe ignition-point email
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-12-10 05:20:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: bernstein case hits appeals court 
Encryption case hits U.S. appeals court
Copyright (c) 1997 Reuters SAN FRANCISCO (December 8, 1997 9:47 p.m. EST  -
Lawyers for a software developer argued Monday in federal appeals court
that government controls on distribution of computer encryption code
constitute an unlawful prior restraint of free speech.
In the closely watched case pitting national security interests against the
right to free speech, a government attorney countered that the software in
question was a sensitive product and that its distribution should be
limited by the government.
At issue is whether a code developed by Daniel Bernstein, now a professor
at the University of Illinois, constitutes a form of speech and should
therefore be protected under the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
Encryption software allows computer data to be scrambled in order to ensure
the confidentiality of information. Current federal law prohibits the
export of strong encryption software because of concerns over national
security, even though powerful encryption codes are already available
overseas or on the Internet from foreign manufacturers.
Monday's hearing before a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court
of Appeals was prompted after U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel ruled
in August that the Constitution prevented the government from placing
export restrictions on the code. The government appealed. Scott McIntosh, an attorney representing the Department of Commerce, told
the judges the code should be viewed not as a form of speech but as a
product that in the wrong hands could jeopardize national security.
The three justices grilled McIntosh during his allotted 20 minutes, often
preventing him from finishing his sentences.
"They asked probing questions and beyond that I don't want to
characterize," McIntosh told reporters after the hearing.
Bernstein sued several government agencies in 1995 after he was told that
he would need to be licensed as an arms dealer to post his software
encryption code, called Snuffle 5.0, on the Internet.
Cindy Cohn, who headed Bernstein's legal team, argued that Snuffle was an
expression of free speech and should be protected from the kind of scheme
that the government uses to regulate code.
"The basic flaw with the government's position is that they use a
pre-publication licensing scheme," Cohn said. "That's exactly the point --
when the government sets up a bureaucrat to decide who gets to speak and
who does not, that's a form of prior restraint."
Compared with the harried questioning of McIntosh, the justices questioned
Cohn fewer times, allowing her to finish her sentences more often.
Cohn later told reporters she was pleased with the hearing, although she
declined to comment on the outcome. A decision by the court could come at
any time over the next few weeks.
By GREG FROST, Reuters
Copyright (c) 1997 Nando.net     To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     subscribe ignition-point email
     unsubscribe ignition-point email
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-12-13 07:28:46
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "24 hour cybercops" 
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
It has been said that it takes a thief to catch one. Ergo, it must take a
murderer to catch one. In both cases Janet Reno fits right into this
program described below. H. Ayre

@_date: 1997-12-14 09:50:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: technical spam prevention 
the problem of spam prevention has concerned me for a long time.
the Internet was designed to withstand a nuclear attack-- yet
it is incredibly vulnerable to spam. the initial assumption
was that all nodes on the network are friend, not foe, i.e.
trusted. this concept is breaking down as the net scales massively.
some people warned long ago that spam would become an increasing
problem on the net as it scaled, and that the technical visionaries would
wise to try to cooperate and come up with approaches. such a point of view is not popular on this list, which is not really
big on collaboration (despite that some of the greatest successes
and fame have come from it, such as via the code cracking ring). but increasingly events are forcing people to come together
to come up with solutions.
there are many promising approaches to spam prevention. the one
I like is a system whereby the receiver can specify how much
money it costs to receive an email from anyone. the mail is
rejected if it doesn't contain this fee. different people
can configure their incoming mail different. Gates may charge,
say, $1000. joe schmoe would charge, say, $1. an interesting
part of this model is that if someone you like sends you mail,
including the fee, there is nothing to prevent you from reimbursing
them in a return message (or paying their own fee with the money
they supply). such a system would be a very powerful spam
prevention system. (due credit goes to TCM for being one of the
first for advocating this.)
however, I would like to suggest that spam prevention is a great
test for a *reputation*system*, something we have talked about
a long time here but found it very difficult to implement. the
reputation system would rate people based on their lack of email
complaints, and allow queries that could screen email based on
poor ratings. such a system would not immediately block spam,
but it could be implemented in a way such that spam becomes far
less powerful.
there are two problems with spam that any designer has to confront.
there are some internet providers who do not want their users to spam.
if they inserted a few header into the outgoing mail such as the following, it would allow excellent screening heuristics:
1. total bytes sent through this email address.
2. total age of this account in days.
the sender is free to calculate the ratio if it prefers, or use various heuristics on the straight values themselves.
now, I consider this pretty easy. the more difficult problem is
that there are some IPs that do not wish to ban spammers-- they
may be making a business out of it. a reputation system that
weeds out these sites may be buildable-- but it's the most
difficult problem.
I think a lot of fame and glory will go to someone who invents
effective spam prevention mechanisms-- increasingly I think the
future of cyberspace depends on solving this very difficult
and seemingly intractable problem.
(if anyone can point me to a mailing list that focuses on technical
spam prevention, I'd appreciate it.)

@_date: 1997-12-17 10:33:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: freeh/crypto/reno 
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

@_date: 1997-12-20 06:21:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: clinton slapped by judge 
a rare challenge to clinton's executive power & lies by the judicial
branch. see the book "secret life of bill clinton" by ambrose
evans pritchard for more excellent info about the true state of
our union.
------- Forwarded Message
White House to pay for health care lies
By Paul Bedard
THE WASHINGTON TIMES
The White House and lawyers defending first lady Hillary
Rodham Clinton lied in an effort to keep internal working
papers used to develop President Clinton's universal health
care plan in 1993 secret, a federal judge said Thursday.
   Using blunt language in a written order, U.S. District Judge
Royce C. Lamberth also accused administration officials at "the
highest levels of government" of engaging in a "cover-up" and
pressuring the Justice Department to defend its "dishonest"
   "It is clear that the decisions here were made at the highest
levels of government and the government itself is -- and should
be --accountable when its officials run amok," Judge Lamberth
   "It seems that some government officials never learn that the
cover-up can be worse than the underlying conduct," he
added, ordering the government to pay legal fees of $285,864
to the doctors trade group that sued the White House in
February 1993 to open up the first lady's health care planning
meetings to the public.
   The White House has said taxpayers will pay the bill. "We
don't have any comment," White House spokesman Barry Toiv
said Thursday.
   Justice Department spokesman Bert Brandenburg said,
"The government has consistently maintained that sanctions are not appropriate.
   "We disagree with Judge Lamberth's conclusion but we
take his opinion seriously. We are reviewing the decision and
considering what action is appropriate," Mr. Brandenburg said.
   "We're pleased at this point to have any reimbursement, but
the money was never the issue," said Kathryn Serkes,
spokeswoman for the Association of American Physicians and
Surgeons, the group that brought the initial suit against Mrs.
Clinton and her health care task force.
   "What's important are the conclusions that the judge
reached. Without using the president or first lady's name, he
points a finger squarely at them," she said.
   The doctors group filed suit to open up closed meetings of
Mrs. Clinton's Health Care Task Force. They maintained the
first lady was violating the Federal Advisory Committee Act,
which requires that any federal advisory panel that includes a
nongovernment worker must always meet in the open.
   The association said Mrs. Clinton was not an employee of
the government, but an appeals court determined that Mrs.
Clinton was a de facto federal employee and thus allowed her
group to meet privately.
   The doctors group then tried to open up secret meetings of
Mrs. Clinton's larger "working group," which numbered
between 600 and 1,000, but Judge Lamberth temporarily
blocked that plan when Clinton health care adviser Ira
Magaziner said the panel included "only federal government
   But Mr. Magaziner's March 3, 1993, statement was
"actually false," said the judge, who expressed anger that the
White House and Justice Department never moved to correct
the fabrication.
   Judge Lamberth relied upon Mr. Magaziner's statement in
refusing to open up the working group's meetings as required
by the law. In fact, the group included hundreds of
nongovernmental members and representatives of
special-interest groups who would have profited if the Clintons'
universal health care proposal was approved. The proposal
never came to a vote in Congress.
   The legal effort to open the meetings was eventually
rendered moot after the White House turned over the working
group's internal documents.
   In addition to revealing the special interests involved in
drawing up the Clinton plan, the documents released over time
by the White House showed that private-sector members of
the group were still trying to complete ethics and
conflict-of-interest forms long after their employment had
   In his decision Thursday, the judge gave the doctors group
credit for giving the public a window on the development of the
administration's massive health care bill.
   "All of these working group documents would be safely
tucked away in the National Archives had it not been for this
litigation. It is only because of this litigation that they are now
available for inspection by the public," he wrote.
   Judge Lamberth subsequently sought a perjury investigation
of Mr. Magaziner, but the Justice Department said it wouldn't
prosecute the White House aide who oversaw the drafting of
the 1,400-page national health bill. He is currently Mr.
Clinton's top adviser on policies dealing with the Internet.
   In Thursday's action, Judge Lamberth said that Mr.
Magaziner's misleading statements in March 1993 were part of
a cover-up organized by the first lady's attorneys, including
Deputy White House Counsel Vincent W. Foster Jr., who died
four months later in an apparent suicide, and Associate
Attorney General Webster L. Hubbell.
   In his just-published book, Mr. Hubbell writes that Mr.
Foster committed suicide in part because of the pressure Mrs.
Clinton put on him to defend her in the case. Mr. Hubbell
himself would later resign his post under pressure and plead
guilty to stealing from the Little Rock law firm where he, the
first lady and Mr. Foster all once worked.
   "It is clear that Mr. Magaziner relied upon the advice of
White House attorneys -- including Vincent Foster ... and
Associate Attorney General Webster Hubbell," said the judge.
   The judge said the "most outrageous conduct by the
government" in the case was the administration's failure to
correct Mr. Magaziner's misstatement. "That was a
determination not made individually by Mr. Magaziner, but by
the government through its counsel," he said.
   "There were no rogue lawyers here misleading this court. ...
The executive branch of the government, working in tandem,
was dishonest with this court and the government must now
face the consequences of its misconduct."
   He also expressed shock that the Justice Department
"succumbed to pressure from White House attorneys" to use
false excuses and "strained interpretations" to defend the
actions of Mr. Magaziner.
   "Acting dishonestly, as the government did in this case, is ...
acting in bad faith," he said.
Copyright (c) 1997 News World Communications, Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     subscribe ignition-point email
     unsubscribe ignition-point email
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-12-22 12:10:19
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Why I Support Microsoft 
my understanding of the current MS debate is not flawless-- it's got a lot of minutia that's hard to follow. however:
what TCM fails to mention is a basic point: MS signed an
agreement a few years ago or whatever that they would not
bundle their browser with their OS, win95. now MS is having second thoughts, and trying to weasel out
of the contract by setting up a system in which the consumer
is supposedly requesting the browser integration via the licensing agreement.
the Justice department is doing nothing but enforcing a contract
that MS itself signed. it seems pretty clear that MS is
breaching its own contract.
whether that contract was signed under duress, or the
Justice dept is unfairly targeting MS, are valid questions
but not wholly relevant to the current debate. if MS felt
it was being persecuted it should have mounted that defense
before it signed the contract on its own volition.
personally, I have said before: I think Gates is finding
that in todays business world, cooperation is as important
as competition. the new climate has been described as
"co-operatition" and other words. Gates has made many
enemies in his megalomaniacal rise to power.  make no mistake-- if you read books that discuss the behind-the-scenes, under-the-rock, behind-the-superficial-pr
atmosphere of the company, the unmistakable conclusion is that Gates is something of a tyrant bent on world software
domination. he has very few friends, and those that he
might think are his friends are really just sycophants
who are afraid of him.
capitalism involves many freedoms. one of those freedoms
involves doing business with companies that one prefers,
not necessarily for rational reasons. i.e. if people
begin to hate MS and abandon their products even if they
are superior and priced better, that's within the system
to do so. I personally think this is increasingly happening.
there are also a lot of stories that Gates has stabbed
companies in the back in deals in which he is supposedly
"cooperating" or having "strategic alliances" with. this is
way beyond the initial IBM thing. these rumors, which probably have some grounding in reality,
will make his business more difficult and have already done so.
in particular, Bill's inability to cooperate is evidenced
in the company's clear-cut strategy of trying to undermine
Java. what's interesting is that his company could just as
easily make lots of money by embracing the standard, even
without owning it themselves. there's a lot of bitterness
being generated by their veiled opposition to it. programmers
are far from stupid.
Bill doesn't realize how few real friends he really has.
he has made the mistake of thinking that business and cooperation are mutually exclusive. he'll pay the price.

@_date: 1997-12-23 04:37:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: globalization & the internet 
some ranting & some food for thought..
------- Forwarded Message
- ->  SearchNet's   SNETNEWS   Mailing List
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

@_date: 1997-12-24 07:13:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Best Cypherpunk long gun 
no wonder TCM is so frustrated all the time. forget chips,
forget software, he's really a stymied wannabe gun salesman.
I've almost never complained about off topic posts, but
this is really beyond the limit of all comprehension.

@_date: 1997-12-24 08:17:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: ron paul for prez 
An Important Recent Letter from Congressman Ron Paul (Texas):
Please forward freely!

@_date: 1998-01-05 07:51:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
I posted this to PM's mailing list, but he apparently zapped it
without comment. so here it goes to a less authoritarian
forum. context: posters to his list were remarking on the
recent declassification of information in Britain that suggested
they had discovered the key aspects of RSA before it was
discovered in the open literature by Diffie & Hellman etc.
------- Forwarded Message
scientists who agree to government secrecy to develop
their inventions are agreeing to a lot more than mere secrecy. they are committing to a paradigm that
is at odds with science itself, which only advances through
the open literature.
furthermore, they are giving away their power, so to speak,
to governments that do not have the same motives they do.
essentially they are working for a war machine, or a suppression machine. how can they be sure their inventions
will not be used for dark purposes? imho, by not working
within a system that poses that risk. that no such system
seems to exist is irrelevant. a truly responsible scientist
would help create one and wouldn't work without one.
I think the scientists who worked on the atom bomb and today
within the NSA are working under a key false assumption. "if we
don't develop it, the enemy will, and he will use it
against us". but perhaps if scientists around the world
united against the government warmongers that have been
manipulating them for many generations, particularly within the 20th century with grotesque results, perhaps
a different story would emerge. yet even Einstein himself
urged our government to "develop a weapon of mass destruction before the Joneses do". how smart is that?
perhaps scientifically clever, but morally, socially, and
spiritually vacuous. it is a feeble mind in my opinion who
takes refuge in the saying that "technology is neutral".
perhaps so, but not the humans who use and *develop* it,
and the latter are particularly responsible for the former.
how smart were those nuclear weapons scientists, anyway,
such as Feynmann? imho they agreed to the terms of their
own manipulation, and failed to question their basic
motives and intents and of those who paid them.
I believe those that work within the NSA and other secret
agencies are betraying the principles of science under the
guise of protecting humanity. I believe they have the
power to change this system, but they have reneged on their
responsibility as human beings.
Wayner covers the simplistic issues in his piece for the
NYT, but they key issues at stake are far deeper and have
never even been recognized by some of the so-called
greatest minds of our century.
so I view with distaste, to say the lest,
the scientists who later try to break the secrecy and come out in the open merely so that
they can have credit for something that was classified
they claim to deserve.  they deserve
credit only for supporting and participating in a vast and sinister system of scientific manipulation for dark and inhumanitarian purposes.
Chomsky is one of the few scientists of our time who
has the brilliance to recognize the ulterior side of the government
we support. surprise! he is largely ignored or even
blacklisted by his morally- and socially- handicapped colleages
who believe it is not their place to question the status
quo, but only to fit into it or advance through it.
all those scientists who have ever complained about the
lack of funding for your branch, or who have fought with
each other over the scraps handed to you like dogs--
do you have any concept of how much tax money is put into
military research? how much is funnelled into the NSA?
this is money that is funded by the public for public
welfare-- is it really being used for that?
NSA and other secret agencies have become vast parasites
feeding on public dollars that have no accountability, and
largely because scientists, who should lead the pack, instead
lack the intelligence to recognize it or the courage to challenge it.
these are my thoughts as I read how the NSA's Inman pops
up to say that the credit for RSA is the NSA's, or a British
agency does the same.
secrecy is directly contradictory to the principles upon
which this country is founded. and imho it is becoming a large
source of its ongoing demise.
quite simply, the scientists are fiddling while Democracy burns.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1998-01-09 09:43:24
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
a patent is not at all the same as a secrecy order issued by
the NSA, and shame on you for suggesting so. we both know you
are far more intelligent than this, and this is a feeble
how can you possibly compare the two cases? in one case, there
is no knowledge whatsoever allowed to leak from a government
agency. in the other case, the patent is published in a government forum for searching by anyone. there is no SECRECY
in a patent, it in fact is a PUBLIC DECLARATION OF OWNERSHIP
supported by a DISCLOSURE system. the NSA and all secret
agencies are fundamentally ANTI DISCLOSURE and use their
supposed claims of NATIONAL SECURITY to EVADE ACCOUNTABILITY
TO THE PUBLIC and even the namby-pamby, gutless, souless
BUREACRATS in congress.
Jim G., how many scientists are now working on government
WEAPONRY programs? how much money of taxes is being funneled
to them? and you compare them with private sector scientists
who are scrounging to make ends meet in this twisted con game
we call the modern economy? Chomsky is right, its WELFARE FOR
BUSINESS via vast subsidies to the so-called "defense" industry.
its nothing but WAR TOYS FOR WAR MONGERS.
 You don't make money by
what does this have to do with the NSA or weapons development,
to which I was referring to in my essay?  neither has anything
to do with making money, and quite frankly I'm ashamed that
someone as intelligent as you would suggest there is any
you're using one of the most feeble arguments in the world.
two wrongs do not make a right. "those darn scientists in
private industry are into secrecy too. secrecy is a basic
part of life on planet earth". perhaps so, but secrecy in
GOVERNMENT is ANTITHETICAL to freedom, and there is a
direct proportion of the INCREASE IN SECRECY to the
INCREASE IN TYRANNY.
sorry to RANT but your post makes my blood boil. feel free
to have your deluded fantasies in private, but if you post, I'll
gosh,  JimmyG, have you read about how area 51 was charged
with a lawsuit for burning toxic wastes by the widow
of a dead employee? would you like me to post it for you?
do you hold this up as an example of government accountability?
or is it in fact government that no longer serves the people?
a government that in fact is in total contempt of its citizens?
food for thought, eh? I suppose it would make anyone with a conscience tend to THINK-- presuming they really have one.
its a rare quality in these times, don't you think, JimmyG?

@_date: 1998-01-09 10:00:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
every respondent to my post has missed the key points.
I will post soon the list an article demonstrating my
anger at the betrayal of sound government by a sinister state
that has hijacked it.
if so, they are not SCIENTISTS. a key aspect of SCIENCE is publishing
results. science cannot advance without it. name me one scientist
who did not publish an important result, or is considered a good
scientists for doing so!
but he PUBLISHED his results, he gave a LECTURE on his findings. I am
not saying that secrecy and science are mutually exclusive in this way.
secrecy is a useful tool, I am not in general against secrecy. but
secrecy can be ABUSED, and our government is ABUSING it. have you
been following that Clinton was just fined $286,00 for lying to
a judge? what do you think it was about? the government LIED that
health hearings were being attended only by federal employees, and
were thus exempt from mandatory public hearings. a law requires that
if private individuals attend, the hearing must be OPEN and not
SECRET!! for good reason!! our government is hijacked through
SECRECY. in fact the hearing could be public even
with federal employees only, and the law should have gone further
but only stopped where it did!!
"at least for a while" is the key phrase. "forever" would be false.
again, secrecy is a tool.
name one.
 I could give
but science eventually published the results. the lack of publishing
held back science collectively. science had to rediscover something
that had already been discovered. it is misleading to suggest that
science "advanced" as you do here. those findings that are withheld
from the scientific literature do not advance science as a collective
human endeavor. how can you argue with something so obvious?
all this is uninteresting to me-- I was making a moral point in an
essay that is obviously unintelligable to most people here. its my
big mistake in this world, to pretent that morality plays a role.
as EH once said, normative philosophies are a waste of time. what
room does the world have for someone who thinks only in terms
of how things should be? things ARE, PERIOD. good lord, no wonder Ayn Rand is so uninfluential.

@_date: 1998-01-11 07:07:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
the mathematical establishment does not look with favor on Gauss'
secrecy. the commentary is generally that it is a shame he was
so secret and lost credit for his accomplishments. by the way,
I don't agree that publishing is merely about getting credit, although
because humans are egotistical, that can be a powerful motivator.
as for Fermat, -- I find it interesting you are now mentioning various
mathematicians; have never heard you refer to them. Fermat sent letters
to many of the great mathematicians of his time, and wouldn't even
be known if it weren't for his challenges. his famous theorem was
published by his *son* and this amazing gem came close to being
lost in all obscurity.
in every case you cite, these people eventually published, and science is mostly aware of only their published results. agreed, science does not require that people publish immediately or even
in their own lifetime. it does demand that they eventually publish.
there are many informative episodes in which people who discovered
various scientific principles failed to convey them, or weren't
interested in it, and they had to be rediscovered by other scientists. these scientists advanced the knowledge by themselves
science as a way of dealing with data can be practiced in private.
this is a feeble form.  science in its most potent form,
as the *advancement of the human condition* can only be
practiced in public.
bzzzzzzzt. science atrophies without it. it is crucial to science.
it is central to it. but I don't wish to be considered an authority
on science or a defender of it. it has serious deficiencies as
practiced today.
you refer to science in a narrow sense of merely constructing things.
this is not the sense of science that is of crucial importance to
humanity as a whole. the atom bomb was in some ways a serious regression
of the collective human condition.
this is all so easy, refuting Timmy's feeble grasp of science, that
I might soon quit. unless I get the sense (which I have a finely honed
detector) that his veins are popping,
in which case I'll post a few treatises on the subject.
hee, hee.
there are many more snakes and conspiracies in politics than there are in all of cyberspace. I've set my sights higher than nailing lame
conspiracist wannabes on an obscure mailing list degenerating
into the total noise it was always destined for. there are some people that are not
merely traitors to their government or various ideals, but
to the whole human race. but I'm the first to give credit
where it is due. I have always thanked all my enemies
profusely for expanding my horizons.

@_date: 1998-01-11 08:21:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
uh huh, and we stopped him by ... bombing hiroshima AND nagasaki?
I think there are greater madmen in the world than their poster
boy Hitler who financed his rise....
bzzzzzzzzzzt, he eventually published at the urging of his friend Halley
and then got involved in bitter disputes about credit ..
  Once he had solved the
bzzzzzzzzt, I believe he was a member of scientific communities at the
time. he also was intensely involved in reforming the government monetary system. as a younger person
he was a loner, I agree.
hey everyone, go see "wag the dog" and think one nanosecond
about the world we live in and how it came to be the way
it is....

@_date: 1998-01-11 08:30:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality (fwd) 
an insult? quite to the contrary, I have always considered it a term of endearment!!

@_date: 1998-01-11 11:03:19
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: area 51, enviro crime, secrecy==abuse? 
Environment of Secrecy
A lawsuit alleges environmental crimes
at the country's most secret military base    Amicus Journal, Spring 1997,
a publication of the National Resources Defense Council
by Malcom Howard
    August, 1994: Standing atop a
    desert ridge in central Nevada,
    Glenn Campbell peers through
    binoculars at a remote duster of
    buildings in the valley below. "It's
    the most famous secret
    militaryfacility in the world," he
    says. The scattering of airplane
    hangars and radar dishes below,
    barely visible through the haze, is a
    secluded Air Force test facility
    known as Area 51-- or, more
    fancifully, "Dreamland"-- that is
    believed to have launched the most
    sophisticated Cold War aircraft,
    from supersonic spy planes to the
    radar-evading Stealth bomber.
    Campbell has made a mini-industry     of showing off this
    clandestine outpost, built on a
    barren pancake of alkali just inside
    the Air Force's restricted Nellis
    Gunnery Range north of Las Vegas.
    His self-published tour book
    describes how to get a stealthy,
    yet fully legal, view of Area 51.
    Tourists pass electronic sensors on
    the road and watch helicopters
    patrol above, and are tailed by men
    in unmarked white jeeps
    who train high-powered video
    cameras on their every move. Though
    Campbell's tour stays entirely on
    public land, once on the ridge his
    clients stand only yards from the
    Area 51 boundary. Signs
    prohibiting photography and warn
    that "use of deadlyforce" is
    authorized against trespassers.
    These days, Glenn Campbell's
    not-for-profit tour business
    has fallen on hard times. In
    1995, the Air Force all but
    shut him down: it seized the
    4,500 acres of public land where
    Campbell's customers used to get
    their best views. The move
    demonstrates just how touchy the Air
    Force is about this military sanctum
    sanctorum-- since, in order to close
    out a few ragtag sightseers, it
    inevitably whipped up a storm of
    speculation among the conspiracy
    buffs, tabloid press, UFO trackers,
    aviation hounds, and government
    accountability activists who are
    fascinated by Dreamland.
    One can only imagine, then, the
    consternation in the upper ranks of
    the Air Force when four former Area
    51 employees and widows of two
    others brought their now celebrated
    lawsuit, alleging that the secrecy
    surrounding the site had been used
    to commit and then cover up
    environmental crimes.
    "My husband came home one day
    screaming," says Helen Frost, whose
    late husband, Robert, was a sheet-
    metal worker at Area 51. "He was
    screaming, 'My face is on fire.' His
    face was bright red and swollen up
    like a basketball. Then he got three-
    inch scars on his back. A year later,
    he died." In 1990, the year after
    Frost's death, a posthumous worker's
    compensation hearing found that the
    liver disease that killed him stemmed
    from heavy drinking, not toxic
    industrial chemicals. But Helen Frost
    disputes that finding. She points to
    testimony from a Rutgers University
    chemist who found high levels of
    dioxins and dibenzofurans in her
    husband's tissue. Those extremely
    dangerous chemicals, wrote Dr. Peter
    Kahn-- best known for his role in the
    Agent Orange commission-- were
    likely the result of industrial
    exposure.
    Helen Frost and her co-plaintiffs
    filed the original lawsuit in 1994,
    alleging that the military and its
    contractors regularly and
    illegally burned huge volumes of toxic
    waste in the desert, exposing workers
    to dangerous fumes. Defense
    contractors from the Los Angeles
    area, they claimed, routinely trucked
    55-gallon drums full of paints and solvents
    into Area 51. Employees would dig
    large trenches, toss in the drums,
    spray on jet fuel, and finally light the
    toxic soup with a flare.
    The plaintiffs named the
    Department of Defense, the National
    Security Agency, and the Air Force
    in the suit, charging that they
    allowed the burning in violation of
    the Resource Conservation and
    Recovery Act (RCRA), the nation's
    keystone hazardous waste law. In a
    parallel suit, they charged the
    Environmental Protection Agency
    (EPA) with failing to inspect and
    monitor waste disposal at the facility,
    as RCRA requires. The plaintiffs have
    said that many other Area 51 workers
    are suffering from ailments similar to
    Frost's. They do not seek
    damages-- just information about
    what chemicals they were exposed
    to, help with their medical bills, and
    an end to the burning.
    The extreme secrecy shrouding Area
    51 has turned the lawsuit into
    something out of a Cold War spy
    novel, replete with sealed motions,
    confidential hearings, blacked-out
    docket sheets, and classified
    briefings. "We're in the rather
    unenviable position of suing a facility
    that doesn't exist, on behalf of
    workers who don't officially exist,"
    says Jonathan Turley, the George
    Washington University law professor
    who is representing the plaintiffs.
    The existence of the workers is
    fairly straightforward: because they
    took secrecy oaths in order to work
    at Dreamland, they fear recrimination
    for going to court, and so the judge
    has allowed them to sue
    anonymously. But the existence of
    Area 51 is more problematic. The
    base is absent from even the most
    detailed defense flight charts. Ask
    the Air Force communications office
    about the facility, and a spokesman
    will read from a script: "There is an
    operating location in the vicinity of
    Groom Dry Lake. Some specific
    activities conducted on the Nellis
    Range both past and present remain
    classified and can't be discussed."
    In court, the Air Force tactics
    have been just as convoluted. In the early
    days of the lawsuit, argued before
    U.S. District Court Judge Phillip M.
    Pro, much of the contention centered
    on the Air Force's refusal to name the
    place at issue. The plaintiffs have all
    sworn that they worked at a facility
    called "Area 51," and Turley has
    introduced evidence, such as his
    clients' employee-evaluation forms
    and various government documents,
    that refer to the site as "Area 51." Air
    Force lawyers, however, have said
    that naming the base would
    undermine national security, because
    enemy powers could make valuable
    inferences from any verified names.
    In response, the plaintiffs
    accused the Air Force of cynically
    invoking national security in order to
    wriggle out from under the evidence
    that illegal practices were going on at
    a place called "Area 51." After all,
    Turley argued in court, "If the
    defendants confirmed 'Area 51' is
    often used to identify this facility, a
    foreign power would be no more
    educated as to [the facility's] operations than
    their previous knowledge, derived in
    no small part by the defendants' own
    public statements."
    But the name of the facility was
    only the first of a barrage of secrecy
    arguments the plaintiffs have faced.
    Throughout pretrial proceedings, Air
    Force lawyers repeatedly invoked the
    military and state secrets privilege, a
    rarely used tenet of common law that
    allows the executive branch to
    withhold information from trial if its
    disclosure might jeopardize U.S.
    soldiers or diplomatic relations. To
    support the claim, Air Force
    Secretary Sheila Widnall submitted
    two afffidavits, one public and one
    for the judge's eyes only, in which
    she argued that any environmental
    review of the facility entered into the
    record could educate foreign powers
    about U.S. military technology.
    "Collection of information regarding
    air, water, and soil is a classic foreign
    intelligence practice because
    analysis of these samples can result
    in the identification of military
    operations and capabilities," Widnall
    wrote.
    Turley-- himself a former staff
    member of the National Security
    Agency-- believes that the Air Force
    is improperly using the military
    secrets privilege to hamstring his
    case. Most of the chemicals burned
    at Area 51, he says, were standard
    solvents, paints, and the Like that are
    found at any aircraft production
    facility. If sensitive data did emerge,
    such as traces of the chemicals used
    in the radar-blunting coat of the
    Stealth fighter, they could simply be
    stricken from the record.
    Whatever the case, so far the
    tactics of the Air Force have largely
    prevailed. True, the plaintiffs have
    changed the course of environmental
    policy at the base; because of their
    suit, the Justice Department has
    launched a criminal investigation
    into the charges on EPA's behalf,
    and EPA has conducted the first
    hazardous waste inventory of Area
    51.
    But that inventory remains off
    limits to the plaintiffs, even though
    RCRA requires EPA to make such
    documents public because Judge Pro
    ruled that the president could grant a
    special exemption for national
    security reasons. RCRA has always
    allowed a president to create this kind
    of exemption; what is unusual about
    this case is that the judge allowed a
    president to do so after allegations of
    environmental crime had already
    emerged. And the exemption was
    duly granted: late in 1995, President
    Clinton signed an executive order
    exempting Area 51 "from any Federal,
    State, interstate or local provision
    respecting ... hazardous waste
    disposal that would require the
    disclosure of classified information     ... to any unauthorized person."
    In the wake of the president's
    intervention, in the spring of 1996
    Judge Pro dismissed the main case
    against the Pentagon on national
    security grounds. Turley has
    appealed the ruling to the Ninth
    Circuit Court of Appeals. To date,
    the court has not issued a ruling.
    In some senses, the lawsuit is
    unique: there is only one Area 51.
    The military has dozens of other
    restricted bases where highly secret
    weapons tests are carried out-- but,
    to the best of any civilian's
    knowledge, all of these sites are
    already listed on EPA's dockets.
    Environmental information about
    standard military bases is freely
    available. In general, says NRDC
    nuclear arms expert Stan Norris, the
    Air Force's behavior in the Area 51
    case is "not representative of the
    Department of Defense. They're not
    naturally secretive in [the
    environmental] area." Compared to
    the environmental traditions of the
    Department of Energy-- which
    opened up information on its nuclear
    weapons production sites only after
    years of public pressure and
    lawsuits-- when it comes to the
    Department, Norris says,     "We're awash in information."
    But Turley and other students of
    military secrecy believe that at issue
    in the Area 51 case is a bedrock
    principle. "In the end, this case can
    be boiled down to one question,"
    says Turley  "Can the Department of
    Defense create secret enclaves that
    are essentially removed from all
    civilian laws and responsibilities?"
    Borrowed from English common
    law, the military and state secrets
    privilege is as old as the nation itself.
    Ever since Aaron Burr stood trial for
    treason in 1807, the executive branch
    has, from time to time, sought to
    block information in civil and criminal
    trials. In Burr's case, the government
    refused to release letters written by
    one of Thomas Jefferson's generals.
    The defendant swore the
    letters would clear his name, but
    federal lawyers argued that the
    private notes "might contain state
    secrets, which could not be divulged
    without endangering the national
    safety."
    The secrecy powers were used
    most heavily during the Cold War,
    when military and intelligence
    agencies sought to hide technology
    from the Soviets and protect
    eavesdropping methods used
    against civilian activists. The
    Dreamland litigation, however, marks
    the first time the military and state
    secrets privilege has been invoked in
    a civil suit over toxic waste. It
    represents a fundamental clash
    between the demands of national
    security, in which stealth is an asset,
    and the right of public scrutiny that
    is at the core of U.S. environmental
    laws.
    National security and
    environmental law scholars take a
    keen interest in the case. "It seems to
    me that specific details of weapons
    programs can properly be held
    secret," comments Kate Martin,
    director of the Center for National
    Security Studies, which litigated
    some of the key state secrets cases
    of the 1980s. "The question is, is
    secrecy being used as a way of     of avoiding accountability,
    compliance with environmental law,
    or worker-safety standards?"
    Others see such speculation as
    both paranoid and naive. "Just
    because the Soviet Union is no
    longer around doesn't mean we don't
    need to keep secrets," says Kathleen
    Buck, former Pentagon general
    counsel for President Reagan. She
    argues that, since President Clinton's
    defense review revealed continued
    threats of ballistic missile attack,
    nuclear proliferation, rogue states,
    and terrorist cells, secrecy is a
    strategic advantage the United States
    still needs.
    "But we have to make sure that in
    building up the national defense, we
    don't destroy the very thing we're
    trying to protect," objects Steve
    Dycus, professor of national security
    and environmental law at Vermont
    Law School. A victory for the Pentagon
    over Area 51, he believes, could
    frustrate EPA's efforts to enforce
    environmental laws at sensitive
    military sites-- and the Pentagon,
    with more than a hundred active
    Superfund sites, is considered by
    many to be among America's worst
    polluters. Moreover, a military
    victory could have a chilling effect
    on other military employees who find
    themselves considering the difficult
    act of whistleblowing. After all,
    Dycus notes, RCRA is designed in
    part to enlist the help of citizens and
    states in enforcing environmental
    protection.
    While scholars debate policy, the
    employees of Area 51 wait for justice.
    The Air Force denies the charge of
    illegal burning, and Judge Pro
    dismissed the lawsuit without
    deciding on its substantive charges;
    so the plaintiffs have no answers to
    their questions about the painful skin
    disorders they say they suffer from.
    And, unless their appeal to the Ninth
    Circuit is granted, President Clinton's
    exemption precludes them from
    obtaining any information about
    what they might have been exposed
    to.
    Ironically, that exemption was
    made public the same day Clinton
    announced that the government
    would compensate victims of nuclear
    radiation experiments. "Our
    greatness is measured not only in
    how we so frequently do right," he
    said, "but also how we act when we
    have done the wrong thing."
    Has the United States done the
    wrong thing at Area 51? Without
    some kind of break in the intense
    secrecy that surrounds the place, the
    public has no way of knowing. To
    Glenn Campbell, who has made it his
    life's work to inform Americans about
    Area 51, the existence of this level of
    concealment-- and the lack of
    accountability that comes with it--
    are cause for suspicion. "The military
    is the only governmental branch that
    has the prerogative to keep things
    secret from the public," he says.
    "The problem is, where there's
    excessive secrecy, there's usually
    abuse."

@_date: 1998-01-13 06:47:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
the original claim, which I don't really care much and find pretty
obvious, such that I am not really even all that interested in
debating the point except for amusement, was that
"science advances only through the open literature"
its a tautology in a sense that I was referring to collaborative
science, not private experiments. science in its most powerful
form, that in service to humanity, is of course not this type,
although I wouldn't be surprised if a antisocial anarchist
for example confused the two either deliberately or through
a characteristically muddled mind.
well, the original  point was about "establishment science"..
ah yes, scientists in their own mind, like that saying, "a legend in
his own mind"
it was science that was of borderline benefit to humanity, which was
exactly my initial point. how much has the atom bomb served humanity?
perhaps such abominations of technology require secrecy, no?
no, it has been considered the key ingredient of modern science since its
inception. concepts of publication and
proper attribution for example have been around for centuries.
call me a sentimental fool but just love it when they waggle suggestively like that!!

@_date: 1998-01-13 06:59:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
bw does a good job of separating out a few memes for discussion;
I was not talking so much about a need, but a duty as a scientist. I
was talking about other *duties* of responsible scientists. it is interesting that physicians have a Hippocratic oath, but do scientists
have an oath? there are informal ideas and taboos that circulate
I think should be codified. I suggest some that involve secrecy
and the use of moral principles in the pursuit of science.
something most anarchists here will deny is the existence of something
that could be called *immoral science*. is there such a thing? I find
it trivial to see that there is. but perhaps someone that is opposed
to morality, or is a moral relativist, or has a muddled mind, or
whatever, will reject anything that uses the word "moral". in fact
you might even start a flamewar among such people for using such
a word like a red flag in front of a bull, a deliciously juicy
and delectable flamewar at that!!
absolutely, and perhaps this secrecy is a useful atmosphere for abominations to flourish. has anyone asked why it is that people
in our war factories (and they are vast, make no mistake) make
weapons merely because they are *feasible*?? who is it that
uses such a feeble, dark, deluded worldview to navigate the world?
answer: many thousands of people being paid handsome salaries by
your tax money extracted every week from your paycheck. many people
who consider themselves the elite intellectuals of humanity. many
people who have made an art of making themselves unaccountable to
government oversight with the easy help of  the indifferent, lazy,
and apathetic masses.
it is not my own conclusion. it is a simple truth that would be considered
obvious by most scientific authorities.
fair enough. those scientists that are being paid with taxpayer money.
and they are littered all over secret government agencies, sucking
up money like black vacuums, while they create irrelevant,
distracting diversions and decoys for the population to wail about
such as welfare, social security, etc.  perhaps there might be enough
money to go around if so much of it wasn't being encased in the
steel frames of the most technological weaponry-- killing
technology far more efficient than the ovens of Auschvitz-- ever in existence.
now being perfected with the help of your paycheck taxes..... gosh,
why would anyone care about any of this? to all the newbies on this
list-- I warn you-- the rumors are all true, I really AM INSANE!!

@_date: 1998-01-14 08:15:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
hmm, lets see, there were german scientists perfecting the ability
to torture people in the death camps. they were practicing science,
no? was it immoral? no? was it criminal? criminal but not immoral?
they should bear a cost, a penalty, a censure, imposed by their moral peers.  (oops, there's that word "should". yikes, I am really slipping. please forgive me for pretending I
actually have a point here.)
well, it does help to have a highly fragmented brain to exist in todays
world. one that doesn't think about things like tax money and
evil government scientists at the same moment this is just basic Freudianism. but I agree its what I'm talking about.
who cares why it is happening? I care, but I also want it stopped. and
I want others to care enough to want, and work, to stopping it.
a mere cryptographer can do nothing. a mere anarchist will encourage
you not to. a moral human being might become alarmed enough to change their perspective and participate in government, or changing
government, in a way other than watching election commercials between the segments of their favorite TV show.  an anarchist will deny such
an activity is even possible.

@_date: 1998-01-14 17:12:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
[nazi death studies]
uh huh
but we have a problem. I thought "technology is neutral".
hmmmmm, maybe technology != science.....?
interesting book on this a friend told me about: "toxic sludge is good for you" -- describes for example
how many oil companies are creating an effective *facade* based on very aggressive PR campaigns.
if anyone wants good info on the state of our times, and
how our government has been hijacked.... check this one
out. it shows that as savvy as "you" think you are
(you is anybody here), we're all living in a gingerbread
fantasy world created by the mass media-- even when you're
not tuned into it.

@_date: 1998-01-15 07:15:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
timmy predictably states the case for moral relativism.
well, the concept of "criminality" is likewise fraught with trouble.
what is criminal and what is not? obviously some definitions stretch
the limits. is a jaywalker a criminal? a political dissident? ok, how
about an axe murderer?  similarly, I think your predictable opposition
to the use of the word "immoral" is specious. moreover, I think such a  misunderstanding, or worldview, is detrimental to human welfare in general. I think all the evil government scientists I've been referring to recently would
very much agree with you on rejecting ideas of "morality" and "conscience". a person does not need an infallible definition
of morality to navigate the world, imho, but a person that has
none, or rejects any such attempt, is part of the problem and
not part of the solution, imho.
oh, well, lets see, you have a very obvious glitch in your reasoning.
you presume the prisoner gives his permssion. now lets see, assume he
doesn't? just to pop a hypothetical example out of the blue,
say someone named timmy gets arrested for gun violations and
gets thrown in jail temporarily. would it be immoral for the
police to remove his organs? perhaps without his permission? perhaps without anesthetic? if not immoral, what? criminal? criminal
but not immoral?
I've seen your defense of these experiments before-- its a topic of
interest for you for obvious reasons; it presents a possible glitch
in your moral relativism.
I don't think BWs claim that there is a difference between immoral scientists and immoral science. immoral science is what
immoral scientists practice. what's the point? my personal point
is that if we had a culture of people who were concerned about
morality, perhaps we would have institutions that reflect
integrity. contrary to most here, I believe that our institutions
are correctly representing the people of a country-- their thoughts,
their motivations, their concerns. its key to the philosophy of
disenfranchisement, apathy, and nihilism (and anarchism) to claim that the government is not representing the people. what
is the evidence for this? because the government is corrupt,
the people are not necessarily corrupt? because the government
is greedy and full of powermongers, the population is not
full of greedy powermongers who would do the same given the
opportunity? government is a mirror into our psyches that
few people care to gaze on, precisely because we are not
the fairest of them all.
we've got the government we deserve, and it reflects our
own pathologies within our psyches back to us. it reflects our
laziness and apathy, our cynicism, our alienation, our withdrawal. and it takes a person who can master themselves to face up to this simple truth-- something that most everone of our country has failed to admit.
when we begin to ask questions like "what is integrity" and
"what is moral" and come up with serious answers, our world
will improve. it will degenerate otherwise, and has given us
a tremendous existence proof of that fact to date.
but just remember, again, that I'm aimlessly ranting here, and there's no
need to take any of this seriously

@_date: 1998-01-16 05:01:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
philosophers have struggled with what is moral since the beginning
of civilization. at least they are struggling with the question.
each new civilization and era gives a new answer to the question,
"what is morality", and hopefully each is more evolved than the
last, unless humanity is regressing. "what is morality" is obviously
something that cannot be settled in cyberspace, it hasn't even
been settled by great writers, and there are only mediocre and
borderline insane minds in cyberspace dilemmas do not prove a concept does not exist. there are pretty clear cut
cases, and less well clear cut cases. those that have difficulty with the
concept of morality will tend to focus on the fuzzy cases and conclude
that the whole exercise is a waste of time.
natural selection does however support the idea of altruism. natural
selection does not require each individual seek survival. various aspects
of the genetic code that lead to survival of the species are what are
truly favored. a breed of animals that does nothing but try to kill
each other off leads to a situation where each individual is maximizing
the odds of its own DNA propagating, no? but how long would such a species survive? and extra credit, to what "animal" am I actually
alluding to here?
natural selection is relevant among species that have no intelligence
or intellectual control over their own destiny. it is only relevant to
humans insofar as we wish to behave like animals.
false, even by your own reasoning, because a scientists DNA does not necessarily lead to more scientist DNA. sons and daughters of scientists
may be  anything they wish to be in a free country.
natural selection among animals. and a pretty scary mind that would consider us on that level. I agree there are some vague parallels for
human development. but humans do not have children in the mindless way
that animals breed, nor hopefully do they live their lives according
only to evolutionary instincts, but of course letters like yours tend
to make me wonder, and I'm being deliberately ambiguous here by what
I mean by that

@_date: 1998-01-16 05:11:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
no one can be "made" to do anything, even in a tyrannical environment.
even in a tyranny a person has the choice of disobeying authority.
Rand had one way of promoting what she saw as integrity-- writing about
it, lobbying about it, philosophizing about it. she was a bit
fanatical at times about her beliefs-- which were very much about
morality and integrity, only defined in an unusual way. more power to
her, I say. a step in the right direction.
another way would be to confront publicly those that seem not to care about
integrity or morality, engage in a sort of socratean dialogue about it,
and let the lurkers decide for themselves if they are really the moral vacuums some appear to be, and whether they (the lurkers) wish to
follow that path. goring sacred cows and seeing where the blood flows,
so to speak.
the public will begin to care about integrity and morality when it realizes
that the pain of failing to do so is not worth the immediate gratification
the vacuity seems to provide. that this will happen is not assured.
(somehow this thread has been sustaining itself on its own, despite my
increasing lack of interest as the group mind wanders far from my original points, which again I find obvious and barely worth rebutting.)

@_date: 1998-01-19 12:34:11
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: ashcroft on encryption 
Senator Wants Back Door to Encrypted Data Closed
                     Reuters                      3:15pm  14.Jan.98.PST
                     WASHINGTON - Sounding the opening bell of a
                     renewed battle over encryption policy, Senate
                     Republican John D. Ashcroft has declared he
                     would oppose legislation that would mandate that
                     all software made in the Unites States be
                     equipped with features that would allow
                     government access to all encrypted data.                      "Americans must be free to communicate
                     privately, without the government listening in,"
                     Ashcroft said in a statement Tuesday. "The
                     privacy concerns here are fundamental and call for
                     serious consideration by the Senate."                      The Missouri Republican said he would hold a
                     hearing next month on the issue in the Senate
                     Judiciary's Constitution, Federalism, and Property
                     Rights subcommittee he chairs.                      Ashcroft's remarks followed a battle last year in
                     Congress over regulation of encryption technology,
                     which scrambles information and renders it
                     unreadable without a password or software "key."                      Encryption has become an increasingly critical
                     means of securing electronic commerce and
                     communications on the Internet. But the
                     scrambling capability can also be used by
                     criminals to hide their dealings from law
                     enforcement agencies.                      A bill approved by the Senate Commerce
                     Committee last year would impose strong
                     incentives to promote the use of encryption with a
                     back door to allow covert government decoding of
                     any information. And legislation approved by some
                     committees in the House would go even further,
                     requiring the back door in all products sold in the
                     United States.                      Ashcroft said he opposed the Senate measure,
                     sponsored by Bob Kerrey, Democrat of Nebraska,
                     and John McCain, Republican of Arizona. Majority
                     Leader Trent Lott asked Ashcroft to "pay special
                     attention" to the issue, Ashcroft said. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     subscribe ignition-point email
     unsubscribe ignition-point email
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1998-01-19 12:42:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: proving that one knows how to break RSA 
I think this ought to be nipped in the bud right now if not true.
I've heard rumors on this list about algorithms but attributing it to
someone at Sandia is pretty substantial however I think DV's claim
above sounds totally bogus. if anyone else can comment please do.
I don't so much want to know whether he has discovered an algorithm
at this point, only whether someone at Sandia claims to have
discovered a fast factoring algorithm. after that-- well, what
exactly is "fast"?

@_date: 1998-01-19 12:44:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: movie "good will hunting" 
highly recommend this movie, "good will hunting". excellent
script that will leave you startled at times. plot is that
a young kid from a very rough background who is a janitor
at MIT seems to be a math genius possibly on the level
of Ramanujan.
reason I am posting here: there's a really great rant by
the character at one point as he sits in an office with
an NSA rep and a medal-laced general and insults them about
a job offer in the agency to work under classified conditions.
the NSA rep offers him math research into state of the art
theory but requires that the work be classified. I think
there is a line about how the NSA has 7 times the budget
of the CIA but they don't like to make that well known.
(one might say it was sort of a rant on the morality of
confidentiality. )
if anyone would care to tape this and post a transcript
I think it would be very interesting to other cpunks. its
a rare reference to NSA in the popular media.
of course not on the level of "sneakers" as far as crypto references, but an interesting snippet nonetheless,
and I think that some people here might identify a lot with
the protagonist.

@_date: 1998-01-22 10:51:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Will bureaucrats turn the Net into TV? Note from FCC 
does anyone else smell a bureacrat writing that article?
whoa, someone claiming that the government won't do something because
it would lead to a horrible increase in the number of bureacrats or
federal police?
hmmmmmmmm, somehow I don't feel so reassured.
here is another reason the net won't be regulated: because it
is like society's nervous system, and freedom of expression and
speech has finally found a tangible outlet and form after
centuries of attempts. "freedom of press"
only applies to those who have a press, yet freedom of web sites
belongs to anyone who can scrounge up $5/mo. (I promise you I am
now paying that amount for a site).
moreover, the net has become a powerful economic force. there are
tens of thousands of people now making their living directly or
indirectly off the net. any attempt to change its chemistry will
involve a backlash from some of the most intelligent and motivated
people on the planet.
people don't care too much about american politics, but any attempt
to mess with the internet will be slapped hard by the population, which is finally getting a clue about what the words
"participatory democracy" mean. it would be political suicide. this
is not to say that some idiot politicians will continue to experiment.

@_date: 1998-01-25 13:32:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Executing Kaczynski 
hee, hee.
whoa, are you being facetious here or what? would you care to elaborate
on that little tidbit?

@_date: 1998-01-29 05:11:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: EPR, Bell, and FTL Bandwidth (fwd) 
there's a lot of books out on the subject, but one suitable
for popular interest is "the cosmic code" by Heinz R. Pagels,
it's actually in paperback. does a nice job of giving a
straightforward explanation of bell's paradox/inequality.
the only relevance of QM to this list I can see is the
possibility of computer storage/computation using it.
there's a nice article in discover of jan 1998, p94 on Gershenfeld and Chuang's accomplishment of using atomic spin
states to compute the sum of two binary digits. (qubits).
at the rate science is going I'd say that any major
quantum mechanical computation such as factoring a small
number is probably at least a decade away.

@_date: 1998-01-31 13:28:39
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: orlin grabbe on digital cash 
from zolatimes, an interesting online newspaper
also Orlin's site is an eyeful!
------- Forwarded Message
Laissez Faire City Times Newspaper

@_date: 1998-02-19 08:14:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: News & Truth 
a friend of mine is studying Hamilton vs. Jefferson. it turns out
Hamilton loved newspapers and would write frequently under his own
name, or under a variety of pseudonyms. one biographer states he
assumed the personality of each as he wrote under them.  I think
Jefferson was at ill advantage in the face of Hamilton's tactics.
this is pretty hard to parse until one understands that an old form of the word "censor", as I understand it, meant "to criticize".
so "censor" as a noun and verb should be replaced with "critic" and
"criticize" for the modern translation.

@_date: 1998-02-19 08:19:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Websites and trademarks at odds [CNN] 
the article states that it is difficult for consumers to
find companies when trademarks are not equivalent to web site addresses.
solution: a "trademark directory" web page-- say,
 it gives the
official web site of all companies in the world. yahoo
is close to this but not quite. an opportunity for a budding entrepreneur. it would clearly be a very
high-traffic site, ripe with advertising possibilities.
added benefit:
it might cut down on the animosity going on over web site addresses, "poaching", and lawsuits over ownership.

@_date: 1998-02-19 08:22:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Squelch discussions of the "spam problem" 
I strongly disagree with TCM about not talking about spam.
I have commented on the list many times about the very
difficult problem of spam and how its not something that
ought to be ignored. it *was* ignored many years ago
and is continuing to get worse. it will *continue* to
get worse until some good solutions are found.
however, I agree with TCM in that I despise a legislative
solution and think that it would be a very bad idea, and
lead to new odious bureacracies.
I do believe that the spam problem can be solved with
a technical solution, and I urge cypherpunks as a group (oops, that's taboo and an oxymoron) to attack it technically.
that is part of the problem-- imho it requires a cooperative
& collaborative solution, which tends to defy the loner and individualistic
mentality that permeates cyberspace. why can't cryptographic ingenuity be applied to this problem?
in many ways it is similar to problems of "denial of service"
that keep repeating all over cyberspace because it is a very difficult problem to solve.
I suspect reputation systems might be extremely useful in attacking the
problem, and supposedly this is a cpunk area.
I'm going to try to write up an essay soon on spam prevention based
on some of the ideas I have bouncing around in my brain.

@_date: 1998-02-21 04:01:37
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: The Political Education of Eric Tune 
wow!! well said.
a great book that nails this: "toxic sludge is good for you"
about the public relations industry and how it's playing the
tune while rome burns.
yes, and the cracks are starting to show-- how about that recent
rally in Ohio or whereever it was in which the audience refused
to stick to the "wag the dog" script? hee, hee. maybe there is
hope for us yet eh? one of the questions: "if other governments
of the middle east have weapons of mass destruction, why
are we singling out iraq?"
ouch!! that would hurt!!
another problem you don't mention is that the population has let
our own government run away. we send masses tax money but fail
to hold our own government responsible. "I am not responsible"
is the motto of immature children. we have an entire nation
of them, many on this list.

@_date: 1998-03-05 14:04:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: y2k: 37% govt computers 
Source: Los Angeles Times
Thursday, March 5, 1998 House Panel Warns of Year 2000 Computer Crisis By RALPH VARTABEDIAN, Times Staff Writer
WASHINGTON--In the most dramatic warning yet of an impending computer
crisis in the government, a congressional panel said Wednesday that 37% of
the most critical computers used by federal agencies will not be updated in
time to handle dates in the year 2000 and will be subject to widespread
failure. The estimate calls into sharp question past assurances by the Clinton
administration that it is moving quickly enough to avert serious outages
that could undermine military forces, benefit payments to the public and
the nation's air transportation system, among much else. With just 666 days left until the year 2000, a slew of reports and
investigations in recent weeks have raised serious concerns that the
government is not acting fast enough to avoid serious problems. The executive branch has almost 8,000 computer systems that are considered
critical to government operations, and nearly 3,000 of them will not be
able to read dates in 2000, according to the report issued by the
subcommittee on government management, information and technology of the
House Government Operations and Oversight Committee. The computers will
either shut down or spew out erroneous data. California Rep. Steve Horn (R-Long Beach), the subcommittee chairman who
has taken the lead in Congress in solving the problem, issued a "report
card" along with the new report that gave the federal government a D-minus
in its efforts to avoid a crisis. "Failure is intolerable," Horn said. The year 2000 problem results from widespread use of two digits in software
to designate years. Computers assume that every year starts with "19," so
when 2000 arrives, they will interpret "00" as the year 1900. President Clinton created a White House panel on Feb. 4 to lead the
government's efforts in solving the problem and appointed John A. Koskinen,
former deputy director at the Office of Management and Budget, to lead the
effort. But Koskinen has not yet started his work, and his panel has hardly
gotten off the ground after 28 days, according to Horn's staff. White House press officials did not respond to queries about Horn's report. As the scope of the government's problems become clearer, the cost to avert
a crisis is also growing. The Office of Management and Budget had long
insisted that the problem would cost a little more than $2.3 billion to
fix, but that figure has been growing over the last year. Its most recent
estimate pegged the cost at $4 billion. Horn estimated that the government is facing a cost of $10 billion.  Copyright Los Angeles Times To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     subscribe ignition-point email
     unsubscribe ignition-point email
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1998-06-25 21:05:26
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: "deadbeat parents" 
apparently one of the 4 horsemen of the infocalypse...?!?!
whatever can be used as an excuse to take away rights, eh?
------- Forwarded Message
Source:  USIA
Clinton Signs New Deadbeat Parents Penalties into Law U.S. Newswire
24 Jun 9:06
 President Clinton Signs New Deadbeat Parents Penalties into Law
 To: National Desk
 Contact: White House Press Office, 202-456-2100
   WASHINGTON, June 24 /U.S. Newswire/ -- The following was released
today by the White House:
  Today, President Clinton will announce new statistics highlighting
the success of Administration child support enforcement efforts and
will sign into law tough new penalties for parents who repeatedly
refuse to pay child support.  At an Oval Office ceremony, the
President will announce that a new child support collection system
launched nine months ago has already located one million deliquent
parents, and the child support enforcement program established a
record 1.3 million paternities in 1997.  Overall, 68 percent more
child support was collected in 1997 than in 1992.  The bill he will
sign into law, the Deadbeat Parents Punishment Act of 1998, is based
on his 1996 proposal for tougher penalties for parents who repeatedly
fail to support children living in another state or who flee across
state lines to avoid supporting them.  Finally, the President will
reiterate his position that bankruptcy reform legislation should not
make it harder to collect child support and alimony.
  New Hire Directory Finds One Million Deliquent Parents.  Today, the
President will announce that the new National Directory of New Hires
had located one million deliquent parents since its October 1, 1997
launch.  The directory, proposed by the President in 1994, and
enacted as part of the 1996 welfare reform law, helps track parents
across state lines and withhold their wages by enabling child support
officials to match records of delinquent parents with wage records
from throughout the nation.  Approximately one-third of all child
support cases involve parents living in different states.  (See
attached chart)
  A Record Number of Paternity Establishments.  The President will
also announce that the child support enforcement program established
a record 1.3 million paternities in 1997, two and a half times the
1992 figure of 510,000.  Much of this success is due to the
in-hospital voluntary paternity establishment program begun by the
Clinton Administration in 1994, which encourages fathers to
acknowledge paternity at the time of the child's birth.
  A Record Increase in Child Support Collections.  In 1997, the state
and federal child support enforcement program collected a record $13.
4 billion for children, an increase of 68% from 1992, when $8 billion
was collected.  Not only are collections up, but the number of
families that are actually receiving child support has also
increased.  In 1997, the number of child support cases with
collections rose to 4.2 million, an increase of 48% from 2.8 million
in 1992.
  New Felony Penalties for Egregious Failure to Pay Child Support.
The President called for these tough new penalties in July 1996 and
again in his 1997 State of the Union address.  This new law creates
two new categories of felonies, with penalties of up to two years in
prison, for more egregious child support evaders:
   Traveling across state or country lines with the intent to evade
child support payments will now be considered a felony if the
obligation has remained unpaid for a period longer than one year or
is greater than $5,000.
   When the obligation has remained unpaid for a period of longer
than two years or is greater than $10,000, willful failure to pay
child support to a child residing in another state will be considered
a felony.
  This bill was sponsored in Congress by Representatives Hyde and
Hoyer and Senators DeWine and Kohl, and had overwhelming bipartisan
support in both houses.
  Responsible Bankruptcy Reform that Doesn't Hurt Children.  Finally,
the President will reiterate his position that bankruptcy reform
legislation should not make it harder to collect child support and
alimony.  The Administration will work with Congress to produce a
bankruptcy reform bill that asks responsibility of both creditors and
debtors, while stemming abuse.  In those discussions, the President
will continue to make protecting child support and alimony a top
priority.  The House and Senate bills still raise the concern that
additional debts will survive bankruptcy and compete with child
support and alimony payments for scarce funds.
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 06/24 09:06
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire

@_date: 1998-08-11 13:55:39
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Internet is rickety 
cool editorial, but where do you get in the mandatory
plug for strong crypto? everyone here agrees (and
points out to everyone willing to listen)
that the internet would be much more secure if we
had good crypto.
if the internet is insecure, blame the real source
of the problem: the multibillion dollar NSA that
has a vested interest in keeping the world technology
makes ya wonder-- are they the only parasitical govt agency
or business that has an interest in keeping its
host weak, without killing it?

@_date: 1998-08-11 16:27:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Internet is rickety 
MG: you will find most people here will disagree with you.
cyberspace is very, very weak without crypto. when you
think about it, 98% of cyberspace is the "stuff between
the wires". the other 2% are the people on each end.
now, crypto protects the 98%, but agreed, the 2% is
still vulnerable.
this is nothing anyone cares about in the cyberspatial world.
these are thing that happen outside of cyberspace.
the bigtime issue is internet
commerce, security of your mail. how about if someone reads your
mail to steal your money?
no, I'd say it's downright patriotic p.s.-- can you quote to me how many billions go to the nsa every
year? and would you care to calculate how much of your own
salary  from your paycheck is sent to them?  and you think
you are getting your money's worth? rather than paying someone
to hold you down?

@_date: 1998-08-11 17:26:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Internet is rickety 
MG: it's a question: do you imlement security top down,
or bottom up? which is the top? the internet, or
the computer?
it's very taoist-- I don't think there is a correct answer.
I do think however that crypto *everywhere* over the
internet is a major part of the solution. and yes, NSA
is not fully responsible for the lack of it. the
patent system & greed is involved in some of the deficiency.
but the NSA is responsible for far more than most people
realize. are you aware they regularly visit software
companies developing crypto to squelch any innovation?
basically, through bribes that they call "grants" or
"purchase agreements"...
you're against commerce on the internet? what are you,
a luddite?  seriously, I don't have much to say to you,
if you oppose it. the internet is already the backbone of
a new economy. crypto will help secure it further. ask
Ian Golderberg!
it's an artificial distinction. it's all crypto. standing in
front of any of it is standing in front of all of it. the NSA
doesn't lead, they block. get out of the way!!
you say, a taxpayer of the US should consider himself "getting
his money's worth" out of the NSA if the NSA can crack 2048
bit keys. well hee, hee. that's pretty funny. what if they
find the bazillionth prime number? would you be getting
your money's worth then too? it's the same technology, no?
death to the NSA leeches!!! the US taxpayers have been
submitting to government-originated *bloodletting* for too long

@_date: 1998-09-07 16:01:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Snakes of Medusa torment Larry Detweiler 
hi timmy. we have reached a breakthrough in your psychotherapy
in which you actually address me directly you completely gloss over my point about Linux, because
it demonstrates my arguments very well. those who work
on Linux are very similar to cpunks. distributed all
over the world, and they are united by a common desire/vision
and mailing lists.  you have an unexpressed hatred of some aspects of
hacking, of course, so you find linux repulsive and
this list has always lacked vision, by *anyone*. a group
is united by a vision. if you have no vision, you have
nothing but a bunch of anarchists who cannot accomplish
anything substantial together. want proof? how about the
history of the last few years of mounting irrelevance of
this list?
what you get is miniature
projects that may succeed or fail, and if they succeed,
an implication is carried that they are "cpunk" projects.
there are obviously no cpunk projects. and that's the
weakness of this so-called "group". any time such a project is proposed
by anyone, self-righteous anarchists such as yourself
shoot it down.
ok, mount one of your lame arguments that "this is only
a mailing list. there are no projects". again, precisely.
you want more out of this list, or less? every time I tell you how to get more, you say you want less. every
time you complain you get less, I tell you how to get more.
sure, let's have an immature debate society. we've had
that for what, ~6 years or so? the time flies when you're
having fun aren't you somewhat ashamed that the recent EFF crack
had *nothing* to do with anyone on this list? frankly, I think
it's pretty lame. imagine the way a mailing list can help mobilize support and
resources. we've seen glimpes in the past of this.
instead Gilmore did it entirely behind the
scenes, never announcing it to this list, because clearly no one here has the maturity to cooperate to complete
a meaningful project. there are only complaints, as lead
by the Lead Sniper. (wow, that's a funny term, with lots
of implications, I think I might start using it more often!!!)
btw, killed any cats lately??
a huge waste of talent, if you ask me, and the main reason
that you have such a high turnover/attrition on this list.
ever asked yourself why there is so much turnover/attrition
here? but we're not going to get very far, with you conveniently
deleting my key points as usual. stick your head in the
digital /dev/null some more. see no VZN, hear no VZN, speak no VZN. truly your philosophy...!!!
"eletrocracy"? I have no idea what you're talking about.
whatever it is, it does sound pretty infantile!!!
a useful straw man, I suppose.  maybe if you elaborated it might refresh my memory

@_date: 1998-09-07 16:13:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: digital sig bill 
09/05/98 0752
Source:  US Newswire
Abraham Urges Senate to Pass Digital Signature Bill U.S. Newswire
4 Sep 17:30
 Abraham Urges Senate to Pass Digital Signature Bill Next Week
 To: National Desk
 Contact: Joe McMonigle of the Office of U.S. Sen. Spencer Abraham,
          202-224-8833
   WASHINGTON, Sept. 4 /U.S. Newswire/ -- While President Clinton
used a visit in Ireland today to digitally sign an electronic
commerce agreement with Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern on a laptop
computer, U.S. Sen. Spencer Abraham (R-Mich.) urged his colleagues in
the Senate to pass his legislation requiring federal agencies to
start allowing the public to do the same.
   S.2107, the Government Paperwork Elimination Act, would require
federal agencies to make versions of their forms available online and
allow people to submit these forms with digital signatures instead of
handwritten ones.  It also sets up a process by which commercially
developed digital signatures can be used in submitting forms to the
government and permits the digital storage of federal documents.
   "If it's okay for President Clinton and Prime Minister Ahern, it
should also be okay for the federal government to recognize the
digital signature of ordinary Americans," Abraham said.  "This
legislation will bring the federal government into the electronic
age, in the process saving American individuals and companies
millions of dollars and hundreds of hours currently wasted on
government paperwork," Abraham said.  "Each and every year, Americans
spend in excess of $600 billion simply filing out, documenting and
handling government paperwork.  This huge loss of time and money
constitutes a significant drain on our economy and we must bring it
under control."
   "By providing individuals and companies with the option of
electronic filing and storage, this bill will reduce the paperwork
burden imposed by government on the American people and the American
economy.  It will allow people to move from printed forms they must
fill out using typewriters or handwriting to digitally-based forms
that can be filled out using a word processor.  This savings in time,
storage and postage will be enormous," said Abraham.
   The Government Paperwork Elimination Act would:
   -- Require the federal government make available its forms online
and allow citizens to sign forms by the use of digital signatures.
   -- Direct the Commerce Department to conduct a study of the impact
of this Act on the use of digital signatures for electronic commerce
and on individual privacy.
   -- Allow Executive Agencies 18 months to establish a method for
agencies to put forms online.  The forms must be able to be filled
out, signed and filed with the agency electronically.
   -- Work to develop a system whereby fees and payments associated
with the forms can also be submitted at the same time.  For example,
a citizen could use their tax software to create all the information
necessary for filling out their tax forms, fill in the IRS online
form, submit it and any indicated payments, and immediately receive a
tax receipt.
   -- Enable the federal government to allow its employees to have
digital signatures for use with citizens and allow agencies to use
electronic notice where written notice had been required, if the
citizen prefers electronic notice.
   -- Establish that a digital signature will have legal standing.
   -- Provide that Administration guidelines and procedures for
electronic signatures that are used for the government forms that are
compatible with those the private sector will be using for commerce,
and specifies that any system used by the government must be industry
and technology neutral.
   -- State that if an employer is required to collect, file and
store paper forms that are completed by employees, that electronic
storage will likely be accepted.
   -- Allow the government five years to implement these provisions.
   "The information age is no longer new.  We are in the midst of a
revolution in the way people do business and maintain records.  The
Government Paperwork Elimination Act will force Washington to catch
up with these developments, and release our businesses from the drag
of an obsolete bureaucracy as they pursue further innovations," said
   Co-sponsors of the Paperwork Elimination Act include Sens. Ron
Wyden (D-Ore.), Jack Reed (D-R.I.), John McCain (R-Ariz.), Trent Lott
(R-Miss.), Thad Cochran (R-Miss.), and Conrad Burns (R-Mont.)
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 09/04 17:30
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire

@_date: 1998-09-08 05:34:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: clinton digital signing 
jeremy.compton (Jeremy Compton))
- ->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
[Forwarded message]
Clinton "Useless" w/o Pen: Uses SmartCard Encrption
Source:  Fox News - AP
WHITE HOUSE NOTEBOOK: Clinton feels 'utterly useless' without his pen
 6.33 p.m. ET (2233 GMT) September 4, 1998
 By Shawn Pogatchnik, Associated Press
 DUBLIN, Ireland (AP) - What's the point of being president if you can't
use your pen?
 Seated at matching laptops, President Clinton and Irish Prime Minister
Bertie Ahern used "smart cards,'' personalized codes and digital readers
Friday to electronically affix their signatures to an electronic commerce
 Clinton joked that he missed the old-fashioned way of approving deals.
 "Do you have any idea how much time I spend every day signing my name? I'm
going to feel utterly useless if I can't do that anymore,'' he said.
 He also offered this insight on being president: "You know, by the time
you become the leader of a country, someone else makes all the decisions.
You just sign your name.
 "You may find you can get away with virtual presidents, virtual prime
ministers, virtual everything. You know, just stick a little card in and
get the predictable response.''
                  (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.

@_date: 1998-09-08 10:38:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: wired on y2k 
Source:  Wired
F E A T U R E|Issue 6.08 - August 1998 The Y2K Solution: Run for Your Life!!  By Kevin Poulsen  Scott Olmsted is dressed to do some serious debugging: comfortable khaki
shorts, a T-shirt from a Visual Basic conference, and a visor from one of
his Silicon Valley employers. But we're a long way from the land of
cubicles and industrial parks. In fact, we're a long way from just about
everything.  Scott is debugging with a hammer, trying to remove a stubborn two-by-four
from the wall of a mobile home plunked down in the high desert of Southern
California. After banging away for a few minutes, he finally yanks the stud
off the wall in a flurry of sawdust and splintered wood. It's a small
victory, but it brings him one step closer to his own solution to the
greatest computer glitch in history - the Year 2000 Bug. With more than 20
years of computer programming experience under his belt, Scott has decided
that the only real fix for the Y2K problem may be to pack up and move to
this patch of land 75 miles from his San Diego home. "In the next year or
so," he predicts, "the most common cocktail party chatter will be, 'What
are you doing to prepare for Y2K?' But by then, it will be too late."  This is sagebrush country, the kind of place where you can hear your
footsteps crunching in the gravel. But even here, 30 miles from the nearest
interstate, a line of telephone poles runs along the dirt road and PacBell
terminal boxes sprout from the ground alongside the cacti. While carpet
installers work in the next room, Scott is planning for the day when it may
all be useless. The property came with a freshwater well, and he'll soon
have a solar panel for power. For protection against looters, he's about to
purchase his first gun. "I've seen how fragile so many software systems are
- - how one bug can bring them down," he worries. The idea of hundreds,
thousands, millions of bugs cascading all at once keeps him awake at night.  His Y2K retreat is easy to spot. In an area where high security means a
few strands of barbed wire clinging to a rusty pole, Scott's chain-link
fence is shiny and new. The alarm-company sign that hangs from the fence
would be more at home in Brentwood, and on the roof there's a DirecTV
satellite dish pointed toward the sky. The shed outside his back door will
hold nonperishable food. But with a programmer's methodical logic, Scott
didn't rush out to buy a year's worth of dehydrated grub. First he sampled
the fare from several distributors. One company sold a textured vegetable
protein that was a bit more expensive, but it came in a variety of flavors:
chicken, beef, and taco. "It was pretty good," Scott says, in the halting
measured tones of someone who doesn't want come across as a wacko. "We were
pleasantly surprised." So he splurged. What the hell, doomsday comes along
only once in a lifetime.  Throughout history, prophets and visionaries have spent their lives
preparing for the end of the world. But this time veteran software
programmers are blazing the millennial trail. The geeks have read the
future, not in the Book of Revelation, but in a few million lines of
computer code.  By now, the source of their anxiety is well known. In the 1950s and 1960s,
when the computer world was young and memory was expensive, programmers
developed a convention for marking the passage of time. It's the same
system most people use to date their checks: two digits for the day, two
for the month, and two for the year. Dropping the "19" from the year was
convenient, and it saved two bytes of precious RAM every time it was used.  Those were days of innocence and optimism. Everyone knew what would happen
if this little shortcut was still in use in AD 2000 - the two-digit year
would roll over like the odometer on an old Chevy, and the computers would
think they'd jumped 100 years into the past. Programmers knew it, and they
warned their managers. Not to worry, was the usual reply. When the
millennium finally rolls around, all this code will be ancient history.  But the code stuck around. The old software worked fine in the
postmainframe world, so nobody felt compelled to replace it. Instead, like
Roman architects, they just built on top of it. The two-digit year became a
standard, wired right into the heart of Cobol - the Common Business
Oriented Language that still serves as the digital workhorse of commerce
and industry. It also crept into the embedded microchips found in
everything from VCRs to nuclear power plants. For years the Y2K bug sat
quietly, remembered largely as an amusing textbook example of poor software
design.  But as 2000 drew near, the screwup became less amusing. In November 1996,
the comp.software.year-2000 newsgroup was launched, creating a forum that
would soon become ground zero for the Y2K survivalist movement. But at
first, the charter was clear: Discussions would be limited to Y2K bug
fixes, remediation strategies, and reports.  Over the course of the next year, information poured into the newsgroup,
and most of it was bad: The FAA was hopelessly behind schedule in patching
air-traffic-control systems; Edward Yardeni, chief economist for Deutsche
Morgan Grenfell Bank, laid odds that Y2K upheaval would trigger a
recession; Ed Yourdon, a respected software guru and author of 25 computer
books, predicted the collapse of the US government - not long after he
packed up and moved to New Mexico.  Optimism became a scarce commodity. Philosophical questions were raised:
Do programmers have a moral duty to remain at their keyboards until the
last moments of 1999, like captains on a sinking ship? Debates raged over
social Darwinism and the ownership of wheat in grain elevators. The
conversation moved on to the viability of dry dog food as emergency
rations. Plans were made to begin converting equities into gold and buying
land in remote parts of California, Arizona, and Oklahoma. January 1998 saw
250 cross-posts to misc.survivalism - up from an average of 30 a month in
late 1997. Gradually, a new acronym entered the Internet lexicon:
TEOTWAWKI, pronounced "tee-OH-tawa-kee." The End of the World as We Know
It. The
 Internet's very own survival movement was born.  Scott Olmsted has known about the Y2K bug since the 1980s, but he never
gave it much thought until early 1997, when he received a snail-mail flyer
from Gary North, a historian and early leader in the Y2K preparedness
movement. After reading it, Scott remembers feeling a vague sense of dread.
But as a rational guy and student of decision analysis - the science of
logical decision making in the face of chronic uncertainty - he didn't jump
to any conclusions. Instead, he went online to do some research. As he
pored over Web sites and news clippings, Scott felt himself moving through
the same psychological stages endured by people confronted with fatal
illness: denial, fading into anger, leading to a deep depression that
culminates in a sense of acceptance. "I'm still not 100 percent sure that
the world's coming to an end," he admits. "But the idea that I may want to
get out of town for a while is not such a long shot. It's enough to make me
want to prepare."  With the exception of his wife, most of the non-geeks closest to Scott
think he's a little nuts. His half-brother, Clark Freeman, thought he was
going overboard. But since then, Clark has come around a bit - he, too, is
planning to stockpile some food in case things get rough.  If his brother is taking Y2K so seriously, he figures there might well be
something to it. "Scott has always been the level-headed one," Clark
remembers. "The classic straightlaced nerd."  "I've spoken with friends and relatives about this, and I've gotten
nowhere," Scott sighs. Worse, some of the more intense Y2K survivalists
also think he's crazy - or at least a bit nave. After all, Scott plans to
celebrate New Year's Eve at his home in the suburbs; the place in the
desert will be there just in case things get rough. Then there's his fence
- - it has no perimeter alarms, and he isn't even trying to camouflage his
location. But worst of all, his hideaway is only a half tank of gas away
from Los Angeles - close enough to the big city that he could wake up one
postapocalyptic morning to find hordes of Los Angelinos parked outside his
desert redoubt.  The hardcores believe it will happen like this: On January 1 (or shortly
thereafter), the electricity grid will go dead. Groceries in America's
refrigerators will go bad. Food distribution systems will crash and store
shelves will go bare within days. Businesses will fail, either because they
aren't Y2K compliant or because they are dependent on noncompliant
customers and suppliers. As losses mount and companies go under, the stock
market will plummet. Banks will calculate interest for negative 100 years.
The government will stop issuing entitlement checks to gray-haired senior
citizens when their age suddenly clicks back to -35. Panic will set in.
Police dispatch systems will be crippled, and the only law will be the law
of the jungle. Desperate citizens will abandon the cities to hunt for
resources in rural areas. They'll come looking for the mad prophets - the
Y2K survivalists - ready to plunder their food, their heat, and their
communications links. They'll zero in on Scott and his conspicuous retreat
like a pack of wolves on the scent of a kill.  But they'd better stay away from Steve Watson's place.  Steve Watson, a 45-year-old systems analyst, is still kicking himself for
not preparing sooner. He didn't get going until early this year, and he
worries that he still has a lot of adjusting to do. As he puts it, "I
didn't even know how to tan a hide until a couple of months ago."  If all goes according to plan, Steve will ring in the new year at a secure
compound somewhere in southern Oklahoma. While the Pollyannas of the world
watch Times Square on the tube, he'll be listening to the radio for early
news of Y2K disaster. When the power goes black - perhaps at the stroke of
midnight - he'll be ready with a small arsenal of guns. A generator will
power his bunker indefinitely, but no light will escape to the outside -
none of Steve's neighbors will even know that there is a survivalist in
their midst.  Eight months ago, if you'd told Steve that Y2K survivalism would become
his obsession, he would have laughed in your face. Last year, he was a
happy-go-lucky Y2K project analysis manager for DMR Consulting, a
Canada-based computer consulting firm, just finishing up a big remediation
project for a major American phone company. The effort was grueling - 10
writers, programmers, and analysts cleaning up 10 million of lines of Cobol
code. But in the end it all worked out, and the phone company's billing
system was declared ready for 2000.  In that heady moment of self-congratulation, Bill Finch, one of Steve's
coworkers, approached him with a thought. "Steve," he said, "don't you
realize that everything stops if the power grid goes down?"  Anxiety set in. The telephone company had poured substantial resources
into its Y2K effort. Even then, Steve's project had been an odyssey plagued
with countless unexpected glitches and snags. If the power utilities - with
their Byzantine grid of thousands of generators and substations around the
continent - weren't already well along in their efforts, then all the
systems he'd dragged into Y2K compliance would be dead as doornails when
the lights went out.  That afternoon, Steve hit the Net, where he learned that the situation is
far worse than he had imagined. The power grid relies on a sophisticated
feedback mechanism: Remote terminal units report their power needs up the
communications chain that controls the output of electricity generators.
The entire network is riddled with embedded chips. Nuclear plants supply
nearly 20 percent of the power in the grid, and none of them have been
certified as Y2K compliant. Charles Siebenthal, head of the Year 2000
embedded systems project at the Electric Power Research Institute, says the
industry is just beginning to look for potential Y2K failure points.
Anecdotes from industry consultants suggest that if the year 2000 came
today, every utility in the country would crash. "No electric plant or
facility of any kind has been Y2K tested without some kind of impact," says
David Hall, a senior consultant with the Cara Corporation. "There isn't
enough time to fix everything. There will be some disruption. How long? How
deep? We just don't know."  Then there are ripple effects to consider. "There's not a single railroad
switch in the country that's manual anymore," Steve says. "They're all
computer controlled, and railroads deliver coal and fuel to power plants."  Exit Steve Watson, bright-eyed optimist; enter the new Steve Watson, Y2K
survivalist, rugged pioneer, and Renaissance man in training. Steve began
spending six hours a day on the Internet, studying alternative power,
construction techniques, and emergency medical procedures. Anything he
couldn't find online, he ordered from local bookstores or Amazon.com. He'd
never kept a gun in the house, but soon he had three: a 30-30 for deer
hunting, a .22 for small game, and a 9-mm handgun for personal protection.
Of course, the 9-mm is practically a popgun against looting mobs, so four
M-16 assault rifles are also on the way.  Finally, he pooled his money with Bill Finch, his DMR coworker, to buy 500
remote acres in Oklahoma. (Bill holds the public deed to the property, so
his name has been changed in this article to keep the location secret.) In
choosing the hideaway site and its size, Steve overengineered to account
for family and friends - few of whom subscribe to his Y2K scenario. "Most
people think I'm nuts. Even my kids think, Dad's going off the deep end."
Steve's wife, Teresa, has been more supportive. She's no computer expert,
but her Baptist faith tells her that the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
could ride in with a global computer crash. Meanwhile, Steve is making
plans for everyone else: close friends, family members, sisters-in-law,
brothers-in-law - and their children, mothers, and fathers. Forty people in
all. In 2000, they'll work together to till the soil and patrol the fence
line.  Steve's doomsday vision is the same as that of most Y2K radicals, but
radicals can pop up in some pretty mainstream places - like the US Central
Intelligence Agency, which is advising its agents abroad to keep cash on
hand and stockpile extra blankets in preparation for New Year's Day 2000.
The agency worries that bugs in the power networks and communications
backbones of developing nations could cause outages that would jeopardize
the safety and well-being of its agents.  Millions of Americans have already gotten a small taste of critical system
failure. When the onboard control system of the Galaxy IV communications
satellite failed on Tuesday, May 19, 1998, the outage temporarily crippled
US pager networks, several broadcast news operations, and even credit card
verifications systems. Most of the disruptions were brief - technicians
were able to switch to backup communications paths - but doctors who use
pagers as a lifeline with patients and colleagues were forced to set up
camp in hospitals and offices. The failure of one satellite threw a wrench
into the mechanisms of modern life, perhaps providing a peek at what life
may be like at the dawn of the new millennium.  Or sooner. While the full brunt of the Y2K bug is reserved for AD 2000,
some early problems are already developing. In 1996, Visa and MasterCard
temporarily stopped issuing credit cards with an expiration date of 2000
after credit card verification terminals began choking on the "00." The
gaffe led to customer complaints and a lawsuit filed by a suburban Detroit
grocery store against its computer supplier, TEC America Inc. Since then,
most verification systems have been upgraded, but Y2K is making its
presence known in other areas. The Information Technology Association of
America released a survey last March showing 44 percent of the US companies
they polled have already experienced Y2K failures. Ninety-four percent of
the respondents termed Y2K a "crisis."  The GartnerGroup estimates that 180 billion lines of code need to be
examined and that 20 to 30 percent of all firms worldwide have not yet
started preparing for Y2K. Many of these are expected to suffer significant
failures. In a series of studies issued over the last year, Gartner
surveyed 15,000 companies in 87 countries to assess their Y2K readiness.
The results weren't encouraging. Small companies rated lowest - for most,
winning over new customers has taken priority over the Y2K problem. But
midsize and large companies are lagging, too. Gartner then rated the
overall Y2K efforts of industrialized nations on a scale of zero to five,
where five is total compliance on all systems. The highest scorers on the
scale, including the US, Canada, and Australia, rated somewhere between two
and three - a score that suggests they have completed an inventory of Y2K
vulnerabilities, but not yet developed a comprehensive remediation plan.  The US may be at the front of the pack in the Y2K race, but that's small
comfort to some legislators. Last March, the House Subcommittee on
Government Management, Information, and Technology warned that 37 percent
of the critical systems used by federal agencies will not be ready in time.
Then in June, California Republican Stephen Horn, who heads the
subcommittee, issued a scathing report card on the Clinton administration's
Y2K progress. He gave the government an F.  John Koskinen, head of the president's Year 2000 Conversion Council,
complains that Horn is just a tough grader. "As a government, we're in a C+
to B range," he argues. Koskinen keeps a digital desktop clock that runs
backward - on the day we spoke, the clock showed 609 days, 8 hours, 39
minutes, 16 seconds, and counting - but he generally refrains from calling
the situation a crisis. Instead, he describes it as a "critical management
challenge."  He fully expects the federal government's critical systems to be ready on
time, or even early. "Many companies, financial institutions, and federal
agencies are still working on the problem," he says. "But most major
organizations plan to have their solutions in place by the first quarter of
next year."  If the council is successful, Koskinen believes, Americans will confront
little more than a few minor inconveniences when the year 2000 finally
rolls around. "There's not enough information right now to indicate that
stocking up on Coleman stoves and Sterno is an appropriate response," he
says. And in the end, he predicts, "a lot of people won't notice."  Koskinen has earned the respect of some Y2Kers by emphasizing the need for
high-level planning in the event that some systems fail. But Y2K
survivalists feel more comfortable with their own personal contingency
plans, and a commercial infrastructure is already forming to support them.
Walton Feed, an Idaho food distributor that sells products over the Net, is
doing a brisk business in long-term supplies; the company attributes this
to Y2K. And in Sully County, South Dakota, developer Russ Voorhees has
attracted national publicity and hundreds of potential clients for his
"Heritage Farms 2000" project - a Y2K survival community that's been on
hold since June, when a local planning commission refused to grant the
necessary building permits. For those who want to go it alone, there's a
sense of adventurous fun in their preparations - the pride of
self-sufficiency and an excuse to get away from the keyboard to earn some
merit badges. But Y2K preparedness is not just a Boy Scout fetish, and it
isn't always about getting away from it all.  "If everybody moves to rural areas, they'll just take their problems with
them," explains Paloma O'Riley, a red-haired, forty-something mother, wife,
and computer expert. Paloma lives in the small town of Louisville,
Colorado, just east of Boulder, and when she looks around her community she
doesn't see potential looters - she sees neighbors. Her suburban hamlet has
become a major landmark on the Y2K map as the world headquarters of The
Cassandra Project, a grassroots Y2K preparedness organization that can
perhaps best be described as a kind of Millennial Neighborhood Watch.  Until last year, Paloma was a Y2K project manager at the Rover Group, a
UK-based auto manufacturer, where her first responsibility was to identify
all of the company's vulnerable systems and target them for patching. But
her search didn't end with a couple of corporate mainframes. Inadvertently,
Paloma opened up the Pandora's Box of Y2K: embedded systems.  Embedded systems draw the Y2K bug-fixing task out of cyberspace and into
the real world. There are lots of pea-brained microchips out there, nestled
in everything from microwave ovens and automobiles, to power plants and oil
refineries. Most don't care what the date is, but a small percentage of
them do, and that made Paloma nervous. "I became concerned about just how
prevalent embedded systems are," she recalls. "Several members of my family
have medical problems, so when I started investigating I became very
concerned about medical devices like defibrillators, physiological
monitoring equipment, and the entire medical services infrastructure."  When her contract came up for renewal in 1997, Rover asked Paloma to stay
on in London to 2000. She declined - the thought of family and friends
surrounded by noncompliant systems that might leave them cold, hungry, and
without medical services was too much to ignore. Back in the States she
began networking with other people who shared her concerns, and that's when
she realized "we needed to put together an organization to address the
issues and get information out to the public."  Thus The Cassandra Project was born. In Greek mythology, Cassandra was a
mortal woman courted by the god Apollo. To win her affections, Apollo gave
her the gift of prophecy. Still, Cassandra rejected him, so the frustrated
deity decreed that no one would ever believe her predictions. Paloma
O'Riley gave a nod to Cassandra's fate when she chose the name for her Y2K
preparedness group, but she is precisely the kind of mortal woman you'd
want at your next PTA meeting - a firm believer in the notion that some
good, old-fashioned community-building may keep the Y2K nightmare at bay.  The Cassandra Project has helped spawn a dozen Y2K community preparedness
groups around the country. It has a board of directors that includes
several computer professionals and a Web site at millennia-bcs.com that
lists a menu of articles discussing possible Y2K scenarios, ranging from
minor annoyances to outright Y2Kaos. The site attracts more than 100,000
visitors a month.  Between speaking engagements, Paloma spends her days organizing biweekly
meetings with neighbors to discuss contingency plans, and lobbying the
state government. "We've been working with the Cassandra group on a lot of
their initiatives," says Steve McNally, staff director of the Colorado
Information Management Commission. "They've talked to several legislators
and the governor's office and brought some awareness of the issues to the
table."  For her part, Paloma and her family plan to stockpile a six-month supply
of food. Her worst-case scenarios look much the same as those of the most
hardcore, self-sufficient Y2K survivalists, but the bomb-shelter aspect is
conspicuously missing. Paloma believes that people will pull together in
times of turmoil. If calamity strikes and she is forced to draw the line,
she's determined to do so in her own backyard.  Even if Paloma's neighborly pragmatism sets her apart from the militia
types and fundamentalist Christians who regularly contact The Cassandra
Project, her efforts have brought her in contact with a thriving
premillennial subculture. "People in other millennial movements, including
Christian fundamentalism, point to Y2K as a sign of the times," says Philip
Lamy, a professor of sociology and anthropology at Castleton College in
Vermont. Lamy specializes in the study of secular millennialism, and he
sees Y2K survivalism as a prime example of the genre. "Generally,
millennial movements appear when a society or culture is going through a
period of rapid cultural, economic, or technological change," he says. "The
explosion of the Internet and the World Wide Web is fueling a lot of this
now."  Still, there are a few things that set the Y2Kers apart from the crowd.
For one, the Y2K bug is not simply a matter of myth, superstition, or
prophesy - it is a tangible problem hardwired into the fabric of our
industrial society. In addition, the people who are taking Y2K most
seriously are not laypeople or neophytes - they are specialized technicians
who approach the situation with a sophisticated understanding of society's
hidden machinery. But if heightened technical awareness alone could explain
the apocalyptic conclusions drawn by the Y2K survivalists, then every
well-informed computer geek would be moving to the desert - and that
clearly isn't happening. With so many intertwined variables to consider,
logic inevitably takes a back seat to subjective intuition - a personal
sense of security that extends from the microcosm of a single computer
program to the macrocosm of modern society. Ultimately it all comes down to
faith.  But this, too, sets the Y2K survivalists apart. True millennialism is
rooted in faith - fundamentalist Christians may anticipate an apocalypse,
but they optimistically expect it to be followed by 1,000 years of
celestial rule. Y2K survivalism, on the other hand, doesn't concern itself
with redemption. It is antimillennial - the polar opposite of
techno-millennial movements like the Extropians who see technology as the
stairway to a higher plane. (See "Meet the Extropians," Wired 2.10, page
102.)  "All this suggests that you don't have to be a religious fanatic, a
Christian fundamentalist, or a ufologist to believe that our world may be
in trouble - that there's something serious afoot in our nation and our
world," Lamy adds. "The Y2K problem is overlapping with other survivalist
movements, and like them it shares a kind of a fatalistic vision of the
future."  Three weeks have passed since Scott Olmsted put the carpet installers to
work in his retreat. The carpet is in now, and he's turned his attention to
other details, like night-vision equipment - his property is on high
ground, and with the right hardware he could scan most of the valley from
his backyard. He's also thinking of getting laser eye surgery so that he
won't be dependent on contact lenses after 2000. It never seems to end.
"Once you take the first steps to prepare, you basically admit that this is
big enough to do something about. And then you realize you should be doing
more."  Scott has turned his back on denial - the blind faith that allows people
to live normal lives in the face of staggering complexity, risk, and
uncertainty. Instead, he's chosen to acknowledge his own vulnerability. As
he describes it, "I've always known that the economy is complex and that we
live on the end of a long chain of ships, planes, and 18-wheelers." Scott
sees how the Y2K bug could disrupt that chain, and like other resolute
souls - environmental activists, antiabortion protesters, and corporate
whistle-blowers to name a few - he, too, has been driven to act by the
clarity and intensity of his vision. The rest of us may be content without
quite so much awareness, but embracing the Bug has actually made Scott feel
better. "I know one guy who started taking Prozac when his denial fell
away," he says. "Taking action - doing something - really gets you out of
that."  Scott admits there isn't enough evidence to prove he's right. But, he
insists, that's not the way to look at it. "There's not nearly enough
evidence pointing the other way to make me abandon my preparations," he
says. In a way, he's managed to optimize the Y2K problem - even if the new
millennium dawns without incident, his efforts will have yielded a supply
of inexpensive food, a new collection of practical skills, and a nice
vacation home in the country. It's an eminently logical win-win, and Scott
has taken comfort in that. "I'm not waiting until the ground is shaking to
prepare for the Y2K earthquake," he muses. "I'm going to be ready for an
8.5. I may look foolish if it turns out to be minor, but that's OK. That's
the nature of decisionmaking under uncertainty."
 Kevin Poulsen is a columnist for ZDTV.com .  America Offline  ( Inside the Great Blackout of '00 )
 "Most of the nation's power systems must be compliant, or they all go
down, region by region, in one gigantic, rolling blackout," warns Gary
North, keeper of the oldest, most notorious Y2K doomsday site on the Web.
If the lights go out at the dawn of the 21st century, North believes the
failure will be permanent, because the computers that control the grid will
be unfixable if there isn't power to run them. Thereafter, he argues, the
blackout will trigger the collapse of civilization.  The North American grid is vulnerable to simultaneous failures. Generating
facilities in the US, Canada, and Mexico jointly move power through
high-tension lines that distribute electricity through four regional
interconnections. Within each region, if one facility goes offline, the
others compensate to pick up the slack. But there's not much spare capacity
built into the system; the North American Electric Reliability Council, a
group that is drawing up a timetable of Y2K fixes for the Department of
Energy, admits that if multiple generating facilities fail in one region,
this "may result in stressing the electric system to the point of a
cascading outage over a large area."  This is how it could happen: A power station is equipped with safety
systems that deactivate steam boilers if they aren't maintained frequently.
Suppose maintenance was last performed in 1999, which an embedded chip
recorded as "99." Now it's the year 2000, so the chip subtracts the old
year, 99, from the new year, 00, and finds, amazingly, that maintenance was
last performed -99 years ago. Clearly this is an error, so the chip shuts
down all the boilers, just to be safe.  Meanwhile, at another power station, a temperature sensor attached to a
transformer averages its readings over time. On January 1, 2000, the sensor
divides temperature by the year - which is expressed as "00" - and comes up
with an infinite value, triggering another shutdown signal. If small faults
like these knock out a half dozen facilities, the rest will go offline to
protect generators from burning out in a hopeless effort to meet the
growing demand.  The distribution grid also has weak points. "We have at least 800
different types of embedded controls on the wires," explains Gary Steeves,
director of a Y2K project at TransAlta Utilities, the largest
investor-owned power company in Canada. "Some of the protective devices log
dates of faults in activity and can automatically take a component out of
service." If the same controller has been installed in thousands of remote
locations, and the chips share the same Y2K bug, they'll all fail
simultaneously.  Most US power utilities refuse to comment on the likelihood of these
disasters, fearing litigation if they offer reassurances that turn out to
be wrong.  Tim Wilson, publisher of Y2k News, worries about the nearly 9,000 small
regional companies that pull power off the grid at the local level.
"They're clueless as to what to do about Y2K," says Wilson. "They know they
have embedded chips, but they don't know where they are. If there's a power
shortage, rural areas may not be allowed to take power off the grid,
because cities could have a higher priority."  This suggests an ironic scenario: Remote areas may remain dark for weeks
or months after January 1, 2000, leaving Y2K survivalists waiting in their
isolated cabins for the lights to come back on - while complacent urban
dwellers enjoy uninterrupted service.  - Charles Platt Copyright (c) 1993-98 The Cond Nast Publications Inc. All rights reserved. Compilation Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc. All rights reserved.

@_date: 1998-09-08 16:06:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Tax silliness 
admittedly I'm not an expert on the subject,
but maybe the fan hands it back to mcguire for
authentication--for him to sign it, and return it to
the fan who then owns it. as far as collectors
items, a baseball can't be authenticated otherwise. I presume mcguire would have to write something
about "my 62nd home run ball"..
but your point is well taken. the IRS is getting
out of control. frankly I think they are like a huge
crowbar or vice that is slowly pressing down on the population.
all the loopholes are being removed from tax laws,
slowly, quietly. people who had no problem as independent
contractors (such as caddies) now get harassed by
the IRS. also, waiters & bartenders, who never made
much money, got a lot of flack over tips around the
late 80's.
eventually perhaps we'll have one world currency, and absolutely
no means of exchanging it other than through government
tracked mechanisms, all subject to taxes. that does seem to be the direction the world is heading.
I've written before on "alternative money systems". no
one here understood my points very well, but I still think
there is major potential for freedom through them. a sort
of 21st century tea party. there are some "barter cards"
that are taking off in various localities. these are
essentially tax-avoidance barter systems..  I hope they
catch on and force a showdown with politicians. eventually
the control freaks will be obvious and will not be
able to hide their tyranny. hopefully. the thing about
the american public though, is that sometimes they stay
asleep & give consent even when the tyrants emerge obvious.

@_date: 1998-09-09 09:47:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Mitnick wants cyphertext; gov't wants keys 
well, this is very interesting. Mitnick therefore represents
one of the first cases in which the govt is attempting
to compel keys. he's taken the 5th amendment against
giving the keys.
it looks to me like this: maybe mitnick had no backup of his
encrypted data. the FBI takes his laptop with all the
encrypted data. there may be some things in the data
that could tend to support his innocence-- but perhaps
there are other things that would tend to incriminate
him more than he already is.  so he wants the whole
set of data first, so he can make sure, without giving
the keys. the govt wants the whole set of data first, so they can make sure!! stalemate.
I think the govt does not have much of a case. it seems to
me that they should make the full contents of the laptop
available to the defense. it was mitnicks property. it
would be like them seizing someone's file cabinet. it
would be easy to make xerox's and return them to the
defendant.  but gosh, maybe with Rico that's too much of
a gracious act.

@_date: 1998-09-09 09:44:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: internet monitoring, UK 
ISPI Clips 4.25:UK Police May Soon Tap Your Email & Internet Use At Will
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Tuesday September 8, 1998
This From: The Independent Network, Monday September 7, 1998
The PC in your mailbox:
The police may soon be allowed to read your email and check your Internet
use at will.
Paul Lavin
When you drop an envelope in a red pillar-box, you walk away confident that
your mail will not be read by anyone except the addressee. However, when
you send an email, it might be wise to reflect on the differences.
According to the organisation Internet Freedom, an agreement being
negotiated between the UK's internet service providers (ISPs) and the
police will open the email of the UK's eight million Internet users to
scrutiny without debate in Parliament or oversight by the courts or the
Home Secretary.
British police are said to be close to reaching an agreement with ISPs that
will enable them to monitor customers' emails and web usage logs. Chris
Ellison of Internet Freedom, says: "Following a series of meetings between
the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) and Internet industry
representatives, we understand that both groups have stated a willingness
to reach a 'memorandum of understanding' about implementing police access
to private data held by ISPs."
According to David Kennedy, chairman of the Internet Service Providers
Association, that is a serious overstatement of the discussions. However,
he admits that the UK's ISPs are trying to avoid being flooded by court
orders or having the police cart off critical servers for evidence. He
says: "We are talking to law enforcement representatives to find a way to
work with them within the legal framework that exists. All members of our
association take the view that emails are private."
As with the understanding between the Metropolitan Police and the ISPs over
"banned" Usenet newsgroups and the closing down of web sites that may
breach the law, the significance of such an agreement is that any such
police activity may not be subjected to judicial review or legal
constraint. Detective Chief Superintendent Keith Ackerman, chairman of the
ACPO's computing crimes sub-committee, says: "We want to ensure the
criminal doesn't take best advantage of the Internet, without requiring the
Government to use the sledgehammer of regulation. However, we are not
looking for the ability to go on fishing expeditions."
The ISPs know that they are stuck in the middle, according to Keith
Mitchell, chairman of Linx, a partnership of large ISPs. He says: "To
divulge private email even under duress would be commercial suicide for an
ISP. In some circumstances it would constitute a crime."
Nonetheless, mistakes happen and there are well-known cases where the
police have been persuasive. Mitchell says: "The current laws do not
adequately protect ISPs or private individuals. We will be active in
seeking responsive changes from Parliament."
While there are undoubtedly individuals who use the Internet's email and
worldwide web for nefarious purposes, the vast majority of people who use
email and the web for personal and business communications have an
expectation of privacy. And law-abiding citizens who wholeheartedly support
the goals of law enforcement agencies may nevertheless feel uneasy about
giving them carte blanche over email.
America Online has been quite vocal in its opposition to opening the doors
to the police short of a court order. Many ISPs agree. Julie Hatch,
marketing communications director of Easynet, says:"We do not allow anyone
to access our customers' email without a court order.
"It makes no difference if it is an estranged wife or a suspicious business
partner or anyone else, we would not divulge a subscriber's private email
unless we were presented with a court order. This is in accordance with our
terms and conditions.
"Our business is also subject to restrictions imposed by the Data
Protection Act (DPA), and in any situation we would certainly abide by
those rules. So unless a subscriber's actions are illegal, you can say that
email is confidential."
The DPA provides scanty protection to email users, however.
While the Act has aspects that protect the quality and use of information
held in computer systems, disclosure can be afforded by a compliant ISP by
simply including appropriate language in the small print of their terms and
conditions. Data may be revealed to law enforcement officials as long as
the subscriber is notified.
Easynet's assurances highlight the differences between ISPs that are
classified as telecoms providers, protected from feeling the long arm of
the law by a regulatory framework, and those that are merely private
businesses unaccountable to anyone but their owners and governed solely by
their contracts with subscribers.
As well as Easynet, UK ISPs that are regulated as telecoms providers
include BT Internet and Demon, which is now part of Scottish Telecom.
Smaller ISPs are more vulnerable to the persuasive demands of the
police.They have no legally protected right of privacy and any redress for
email disclosure would only be for breach of contract.
Furthermore, most ISPs now include in their terms and conditions a
requirement that the subscriber bear the expense of any legal costs
resulting from their use of the service. This could lead to a complaining
subscriber having to bear the costs of both sides of a lawsuit against an
ISP even if they won.
The most serious aspect of this potential agreement between the police and
ISPS is, according to critics, the absence of legal safeguards. In order to
tap telephones, the police need the permission of the Home Secretary and
must justify violating the privacy of a suspect. It is not clear from the
law whether tapping a telephone and tapping into an email exchange are the
same thing.
Chris Ellison says: "This is what is so dangerous about the new culture of
private regulation and moral responsibility. ISPs now operate in a moral
climate which insists on limitations for freedom of speech. Any material
that causes offence - especially to children and ethnic minorities - is
regularly removed. ISPs have now embraced this self-censorship credo and
are willing to set themselves up as moral arbiters of internet content,
filtering out anything that they feel may be illegal."
Without public debate or scrutiny by Parliament, the police are likely to
gain, as Liz Parratt from the organisation Liberty puts it, "a snoopers'
charter for the Internet". Ordinary users will have little legal protection
or redress against police monitoring of their communications. This trend
could render the Internet less private and more regulated than any other
communications medium.
"If nothing else, these discussions have demonstrated what self-regulation
really means: ISPs undertaking the role of publicly unaccountable
instruments of law enforcement."
Email is not like a letter in an envelope; it is more like a postcard. Just
as you would not put some messages on a postcard, you should think before
you use email for your most private communications. While the legality and
desirability of the any agreement between ACPO and the ISPs is highly
debatable, anyone interested in maintaining their privacy on the Internet
must take responsibility for their own actions.
The agreement between ACPO and ISPs will be the subject of three seminars:
22 September in Edinburgh, 8 October in London and 27 October in
Manchester. Additional details can be found at
 .

@_date: 1998-09-09 10:27:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 4.25:UK Police May Soon Tap Your Email & Internet Use At Will 
ISPI Clips 4.25:UK Police May Soon Tap Your Email & Internet Use At Will
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Tuesday September 8, 1998
This From: The Independent Network, Monday September 7, 1998
The PC in your mailbox:
The police may soon be allowed to read your email and check your Internet
use at will.
Paul Lavin
When you drop an envelope in a red pillar-box, you walk away confident that
your mail will not be read by anyone except the addressee. However, when
you send an email, it might be wise to reflect on the differences.
According to the organisation Internet Freedom, an agreement being
negotiated between the UK's internet service providers (ISPs) and the
police will open the email of the UK's eight million Internet users to
scrutiny without debate in Parliament or oversight by the courts or the
Home Secretary.
British police are said to be close to reaching an agreement with ISPs that
will enable them to monitor customers' emails and web usage logs. Chris
Ellison of Internet Freedom, says: "Following a series of meetings between
the Association of Chief Police Officers (ACPO) and Internet industry
representatives, we understand that both groups have stated a willingness
to reach a 'memorandum of understanding' about implementing police access
to private data held by ISPs."
According to David Kennedy, chairman of the Internet Service Providers
Association, that is a serious overstatement of the discussions. However,
he admits that the UK's ISPs are trying to avoid being flooded by court
orders or having the police cart off critical servers for evidence. He
says: "We are talking to law enforcement representatives to find a way to
work with them within the legal framework that exists. All members of our
association take the view that emails are private."
As with the understanding between the Metropolitan Police and the ISPs over
"banned" Usenet newsgroups and the closing down of web sites that may
breach the law, the significance of such an agreement is that any such
police activity may not be subjected to judicial review or legal
constraint. Detective Chief Superintendent Keith Ackerman, chairman of the
ACPO's computing crimes sub-committee, says: "We want to ensure the
criminal doesn't take best advantage of the Internet, without requiring the
Government to use the sledgehammer of regulation. However, we are not
looking for the ability to go on fishing expeditions."
The ISPs know that they are stuck in the middle, according to Keith
Mitchell, chairman of Linx, a partnership of large ISPs. He says: "To
divulge private email even under duress would be commercial suicide for an
ISP. In some circumstances it would constitute a crime."
Nonetheless, mistakes happen and there are well-known cases where the
police have been persuasive. Mitchell says: "The current laws do not
adequately protect ISPs or private individuals. We will be active in
seeking responsive changes from Parliament."
While there are undoubtedly individuals who use the Internet's email and
worldwide web for nefarious purposes, the vast majority of people who use
email and the web for personal and business communications have an
expectation of privacy. And law-abiding citizens who wholeheartedly support
the goals of law enforcement agencies may nevertheless feel uneasy about
giving them carte blanche over email.
America Online has been quite vocal in its opposition to opening the doors
to the police short of a court order. Many ISPs agree. Julie Hatch,
marketing communications director of Easynet, says:"We do not allow anyone
to access our customers' email without a court order.
"It makes no difference if it is an estranged wife or a suspicious business
partner or anyone else, we would not divulge a subscriber's private email
unless we were presented with a court order. This is in accordance with our
terms and conditions.
"Our business is also subject to restrictions imposed by the Data
Protection Act (DPA), and in any situation we would certainly abide by
those rules. So unless a subscriber's actions are illegal, you can say that
email is confidential."
The DPA provides scanty protection to email users, however.
While the Act has aspects that protect the quality and use of information
held in computer systems, disclosure can be afforded by a compliant ISP by
simply including appropriate language in the small print of their terms and
conditions. Data may be revealed to law enforcement officials as long as
the subscriber is notified.
Easynet's assurances highlight the differences between ISPs that are
classified as telecoms providers, protected from feeling the long arm of
the law by a regulatory framework, and those that are merely private
businesses unaccountable to anyone but their owners and governed solely by
their contracts with subscribers.
As well as Easynet, UK ISPs that are regulated as telecoms providers
include BT Internet and Demon, which is now part of Scottish Telecom.
Smaller ISPs are more vulnerable to the persuasive demands of the
police.They have no legally protected right of privacy and any redress for
email disclosure would only be for breach of contract.
Furthermore, most ISPs now include in their terms and conditions a
requirement that the subscriber bear the expense of any legal costs
resulting from their use of the service. This could lead to a complaining
subscriber having to bear the costs of both sides of a lawsuit against an
ISP even if they won.
The most serious aspect of this potential agreement between the police and
ISPS is, according to critics, the absence of legal safeguards. In order to
tap telephones, the police need the permission of the Home Secretary and
must justify violating the privacy of a suspect. It is not clear from the
law whether tapping a telephone and tapping into an email exchange are the
same thing.
Chris Ellison says: "This is what is so dangerous about the new culture of
private regulation and moral responsibility. ISPs now operate in a moral
climate which insists on limitations for freedom of speech. Any material
that causes offence - especially to children and ethnic minorities - is
regularly removed. ISPs have now embraced this self-censorship credo and
are willing to set themselves up as moral arbiters of internet content,
filtering out anything that they feel may be illegal."
Without public debate or scrutiny by Parliament, the police are likely to
gain, as Liz Parratt from the organisation Liberty puts it, "a snoopers'
charter for the Internet". Ordinary users will have little legal protection
or redress against police monitoring of their communications. This trend
could render the Internet less private and more regulated than any other
communications medium.
"If nothing else, these discussions have demonstrated what self-regulation
really means: ISPs undertaking the role of publicly unaccountable
instruments of law enforcement."
Email is not like a letter in an envelope; it is more like a postcard. Just
as you would not put some messages on a postcard, you should think before
you use email for your most private communications. While the legality and
desirability of the any agreement between ACPO and the ISPs is highly
debatable, anyone interested in maintaining their privacy on the Internet
must take responsibility for their own actions.
The agreement between ACPO and ISPs will be the subject of three seminars:
22 September in Edinburgh, 8 October in London and 27 October in
Manchester. Additional details can be found at
 .
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-09-09 10:31:26
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] FW: Americans love a police state 
[Forwarded message]
[The driver's license/ID serves as the link, giving police the "authority"
to set up so-called "DUI checkpoints." These are in reality ID checkpoints.
That is the fact. They can stop you and ask to se the DL/ID because it
actually belongs to the state and the state can demand it any time they
like. The next time you hear someone talking about how great these DUI stops
are, just remember, they are really ID checkpoints -- do you have your
WND - Letters to the editor
Americans love a police state
I think I've said this before but I'm amazed how our society (America)
has adopted like a favorite pet, the concept of DUI CHECKPOINTS. They
don't even call them POLICE CHECKPOINTS but DUI CHECKPOINTS because the
MAD mothers convinced America that everyone must be a drunk driver,
therefore you need DUI CHECKPOINTS. Remember, it is for the
I heard a news brief this morning telling viewers "this holiday weekend
most law enforcement agencies in the city and county (San Diego) will be
conducting DUI checkpoints." Then the report showed statistics of a
checkpoint that was conducted last night saying 643 cars were checked
and 4 drivers were arrested, three for DUI while seven cars were
impounded. My math shows that only less than one half of one-percent
(00.47 percent) were DUI in the checkpoint last night. This clearly
should be evidence to the Beanie Baby collectors in their sport utility
vehicles that people who are not intoxicated while driving are being
subject to arrest for other items along with drivers having their cars
towed because they missed an insurance payment or did not register their
car because the new SMOG II standards caused their car to be classified
as a
GORE or GROSS POLLUTER. By the way, the insurance companies in America
are some of the
most corrupt and greedy institutions that contribute to all those
politicians who require you have insurance. Talk about the oligarchs in
Russia, we have them here already!
As Americans we thought we had free speech and free movement but not
with these
checkpoints. And you know how they tell you that you can turn around
before a checkpoint to avoid it? WRONG! The Supreme Court did rule that
there must be a sign with a point that vehicles may do a 180 but the
problem is that law enforcement actively posts a patrol vehicle or two
with lights off near that turn-around point and then they follow whoever
avoids the checkpoint and stop them on probable cause.
When will these checkpoints seize cash if you cannot account for the
$1,000 you carry? They are already doing this at the border leaving
America. When will these checkpoints seize anti-government printed
e-mail messages (I carry this kind of stuff in my car, sometimes books
on the New World Order or Illuminati) because of a new ANTI-TERRORIST
LAW? This week your friendly politicians held hearings interviewing
Louis Freeh of FBI and ex-CIA Directors (most of the ex-Directors are
dead now, i.e. Colby and Casey, etc., so I think they only had one to
use) with an active discussion that items that were
originally thrown out of the ANTI TERRORIST BILL need to be re-included
to protect against those nasty Islamic terrorists. Sure!
I also have a King James Bible in my car (been accident free for at
least 300,000 miles) and maybe one day at the checkpoint they'll grab
that and say "don't get caught with that again." "You know those
Christians are dangerous people" the two cops will say to one another,
"those Christians are against abortion and euthanasia, can you believe
that Sam?"
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, September 08, 1998 5:11 AM
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-09 10:31:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] Congress's Secret Plans to Get Our Medical Records 
Congress's Secret Plans to Get Our Medical Records
August 19, 1998
Americans were outraged to learn about the Federal Government's plans to
assign a personal identification number to every medical patient. But
Congress nevertheless passed H.R. 4250, the so-called Patient Protection
Act, which allows anyone who maintains your personal medical records to
gather, exchange and distribute them.
The only condition on distribution is that the information be used for
"health care operations," which is a vague and meaningless limitation that
does not even exclude marketing. Even worse, H.R. 4250 preempts state laws
that currently protect patients from unauthorized distribution of their
medical records.
While the sponsors of H.R. 4250 claim that they did not intend for the
information to be circulated for "just anything," their spokesman confirmed
that personal medical records would be used for future programs concerning
health quality and disease management.
When the Kennedy-Kassebaum law was passed in 1996, we were told it was to
improve access to health insurance. The law became explosively controversial
last month when the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) began to
implement the Kennedy-Kassebaum "unique health care identifiers" so that
government can electronically tag, track and monitor every citizen's
personal medical records.
After this news broke on July 18, embarrassed Congressmen inserted a line in
H.R. 4250, which passed July 24, ordering HHS not to promulgate "a final
standard" without Congressional authorization. That language is a total
phony; it doesn't prevent HHS from issuing proposed or interim standards
(which will become de facto standards) or from collecting medical data.
So much money is involved in accessing and controlling personal information
that the Washington lobbyists are moving rapidly to lock in the
extraordinary powers conferred by the Kennedy-Kassebaum law. That explains
these sneaky eleventh-hour inserts in pending legislation.
On August 4, the House passed yet another bill to protect the gathering of
personal information on private citizens. To paraphrase Ronald Reagan, there
they go again.
Just before passing H.R. 2281, a bill about copyrights on the Internet, the
House quietly attached a separate and dangerous bill deceptively entitled
the "Collections of Information Antipiracy Act."
No one, of course, is in favor of "piracy," but the impact of this bill goes
far beyond any reasonable definition of piracy. By the legerdemain of
inserting it in another bill, it will go straight to a House-Senate
conference committee under a procedure designed to avoid debate or
amendments in the Senate.
This Collections of Information bill (now part of H.R. 2281), in effect,
creates a new federal property right to own, manage and control personal
information about you, including your name, address, telephone number,
medical records, and "any other intangible material capable of being
collected and organized in a systematic way." This new property right
provides a powerful incentive for corporations to build nationwide databases
of the personal medical information envisioned by the Kennedy-Kassebaum law
and the Patient Protection bill.
Under the Collections of Information bill, any information about you can be
owned and controlled by others under protection of Federal law. Your medical
chart detailing your visits to your doctor, for example, would suddenly
become the federally protected property of other persons or corporations,
and their rights (not your rights) would be protected by Federal police
This bill will encourage health care corporations to assign a unique
national health identifier to each patient. The government can then simply
agree to use a privately-assigned national identifier, and Clinton's
longtime goal of government control of health care will be achieved.
This bill creates a new federal crime that penalizes a first offense by a
fine of up to $250,000 or imprisonment for up to 5 years, or both, for
interfering with this new property right. It even authorizes Federal judges
to order seizure of property before a finding of wrongdoing.
H.R. 2281 grants these new Federal rights only to private databases, and
pretends to exclude the government's own efforts to collect information
about citizens. But a loophole in the bill permits private firms to share
their Federally protected data with the government so long as the
information is not collected under a specific government agency or license
This loophole will encourage corporations, foundations, Washington insiders
and political donors, to build massive databases of citizens' medical and
other personal records, and then share that data with the government. And,
under the House-passed bill cynically called the Patient Protection Act,
patients would be unable to invoke state privacy laws to protect their
personal records.
Meanwhile, in another aspect of the Federal takeover of all Americans'
health care, the Centers for Disease Control is aggressively building a
national database of all children's medical records through the ruse of
tracking immunizations.
Tell your Congressman and Senators you won't vote for them in the upcoming
elections unless they immediately stop all Federal plans to track and
monitor our health or immunization records.
Phyllis Schlafly column 8-19-98
[thanks to jim groom for finding this piece]
[message forwarded by]
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-09-09 10:31:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Industrial Espionage Increases as Firms Seek Competitive Edge 
Industrial Espionage Increases as Firms Seek Competitive Edge
Sep. 6 (The Record/KRTBN)--The place: the Four Seasons Hotel,
Philadelphia. The date: June 14, 1997.
On one side of the table, two men from a Taiwanese company hoping to
expand into biotechnology. On the other, an FBI agent posing as an
information broker, and a researcher from Princeton-based Bristol-Myers
Squibb posing as a corrupt scientist preparing to sell a piece of his
company's soul.
On the table: a sheaf of papers -- stamped "confidential" in big,
black letters -- representing the company's investment of hundreds of
millions of dollars in Taxol, the blockbuster anti-cancer drug. The
asking price, according to the FBI: $200,000 and a percentage of sales.
The drama played out in that hotel room -- which ended when additional
FBI agents burst through the door and arrested the Taiwanese -- marked
the first federal sting operation against alleged spies for a foreign
But industrial espionage today is far from unusual. U.S. companies are
increasingly being looted of some of their most precious technical
secrets by competitors -- both foreign and domestic -- using legal and
illegal methods. And New Jersey's research labs and high-tech companies

@_date: 1998-09-09 10:30:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Machine Vision For Biometric Applications 
Source: Applied Optics Group at the University of Kent at Canterbury (U.K.)
Machine Vision For Biometric Applications We are currently conducting research in the areas of automated facial
recognition and data compression of digitised images of the human face.
This work began by performing an eigenfactor  analysis on a data set
comprising 290 faces drawn largely from the student population at the
University of Kent, Canterbury. The image below shows the first three components (eigenfaces) resulting
from this analysis. It is interesting to note that eigenfaces 2 and 3 have
a clear relationship to gender. Thus the addition of eigenface 2 to the
average eigenface (1) results in a feminine face whereas the subtraction of
face 2 produces a face having masculine characteristics. In a similar way,
addition of face 3 to the average produces a masculine face and subtraction
of face 3 from the average results in a face having feminine features. This approach, variously known as the Karhunen-Loeve expansion, eigenfactor
analysis, principal components or the Hotelling transform has exceptional
data compression properties when applied to this particular pattern class
(2-D images of human faces).
Below, we show the image reconstruction quality that is achievable using
codes of varying lengths which describe how to reconstitute the image using
the component eigenfaces as a basis. Note that the subject shown here was
not included in the original data set used to generate the eigenface basis.
Despite this, recognition is achieved using a very short code. This method works particularly well when conditions such as head-camera
orientation and subject illumination are controlled.We are now
investigating other methods (some related to the Karhunen-Loeve expansion,
some not) which may be suitable for automated facial recognition under less
benign conditions. In particular, we are beginning to investigate the use
of illumination compensation techniques and 3-D imaging techniques which
are independent of illumination conditions. The group working on facial recognition here at UKC collaborates with a
number of commercial/industrial organisations in the U.K. and Europe. We
currently await the outcome of a cooperative research bid (CRAFT) to the
European Commission which will involve the development of facial biometrics
for smart cards and other access control applications. The industrial
partners are Neural Computer Sciences (U.K.), Datastripe Ltd (U.K.), Inside
Technologies (France), Smartkort (Iceland) and A la Carte (Belgium). More links on Facial Recognition  Staff Involved  Dr. C.J. Solomon - E-mail: C.J.Solomon  Jamie P. Brooker - E-mail: jpb3 To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-09 10:31:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: " Will Y2K usher in TEOTWAWKI?" 
Source:  Dallas Morning News
 Turn for the worst?  09/06/98
 By Victorial Loe Hicks / The Dallas Morning News  A CAVE IN ARKANSAS - Will Y2K usher in TEOTWAWKI?
 Bryan Elder is sure it will - so sure that he'll be deep
 beneath the ground on Jan. 1, 2000.
 "As soon as I get a cave, I'm going to live in it," Mr.
 Elder vowed, wending his way through one
 Arkansas cavern. "I'll be the world's next caveman."
 Y2K is the pop-culture moniker for the
 programming glitch that left millions of computers
 and other devices unable to recognize dates beyond
 the year 1999. The disruption will depend on how
 many faulty mainframes, PCs and microchips - in
 everything from nuclear plants to VCRs - can be
 detected and fixed in the next 16 months.
 Most people regard Y2K with mild to moderate
 anxiety. But a flourishing subculture insists that it
 portends nothing less than TEOTWAWKI
 (tee-OH-tawa-kee): The End of the World as We
 Know It.
 "There won't be any accidental survivors," said Mr.
 Elder, who believes that computer failures will
 short-circuit the electric grid and the transportation
 system, fostering severe food shortages and social
 anarchy.
 "I'm not afraid of dying," he said. "I'd prefer not to
 starve to death."
 His scenario - which also envisions nuclear war,
 bombardment by asteroids, incineration by solar
 windstorm, the flip-flop of the North and South
 poles, an ice age and the second coming of Jesus
 Christ - is one of the more dramatic, even among
 Y2K alarmists. But he isn't alone in hunkering down.
 Merchants of survival goods say business is
 booming, primarily driven by new customers who
 are girding for Y2K. Anecdotes abound of city
 dwellers, including some computer jocks, who are
 poised to flee to the boonies, where they can store
 and grow food without having to fend off rapacious
 neighbors.
 Dallas systems analyst Steve Watson told Wired
 magazine that he bought 500 remote Oklahoma
 acres and several guns after recognizing the full
 ramifications of the Y2K crisis.
 Mr. Watson did not respond to interview requests
 from The Dallas Morning News. A vice president
 of the firm he works for, DMR Consulting, said Mr.
 Watson had come to regret his public stance, which
 "the company doesn't share."
 But in one respect, every cautionary voice is right.
 Y2K is absolutely guaranteed to happen. In a
 mounting wave that will crest powerfully on Jan. 1,
 2000, computers will encounter dates in which the
 two-digit year field reads 00, which "noncompliant"
 computers will read as 1900.
 Depending on whether a particular computer needs
 to know what year it is - to calculate accrued
 interest, for example, or to track maintenance
 schedules of industrial machinery - it may go on
 working normally, produce bad data or simply
 freeze up. If enough computers fail - say, at banks
 or telephone companies - the whole country,
 perhaps the world, could wake up with a whale of a
 New Year's hangover.
 By some estimates, industries and governments will
 spend as much as $600 billion to make things right.
 Even so, the Gartner Group, a research firm that has
 studied the issue since 1989, forecasts that half of
 the companies around the world will experience
 some disruption of their operations, further sapping
 an already woozy global economy.
 Precisely who will get hurt, how badly and for how
 long is the question - a question impossible to
 answer.
 "The uncertainty factor is immense. That's what
 makes this prophetic material," said Dr. Richard
 Landes, director of the Center for Millennial Studies
 at Boston University.
 "Back when I first heard about Y2K, I immediately
 realized that this would be grist for the apocalyptic
 prophets' mills."
 At a vigorous 32, Mr. Elder hardly fits the hoary
 image of a prophet.
 A marketing major from the University of Arkansas,
 he ran his own hydraulic service company until a
 couple of years ago, when he began devoting himself
 to studies of biblical prophecies and other spiritual
 texts.
 "The angel of death, that's how I feel," he said.
 He wants urgently for others to heed his warning, to
 believe, as he does, that anyone who remains above
 ground faces certain annihilation. Once the power
 grid goes dark, as he is sure it will, the financial
 system will collapse, he said.
 "Then we're back to the barter system and 'How
 much food do you have?' "
 That's only a prelude however. On May 5, 2000,
 Mr. Elder said, most of the planets in the solar
 system will align themselves on the opposite side of
 the sun from Earth. That will trigger the solar gales
 and the asteroid shower, which will precipitate still
 further catastrophes.
 "The computer problem will weed out a lot, and the
 solar wind will get the rest," he said. "The time to
 prepare is right now."
 For prepare, read: find a cave. Mr. Elder has his
 sights on one near Cassville, Mo., that he figures can
 accommodate 125 people.
 If he can reach a deal with the present owners, he
 plans to add plumbing, ventilation, diesel-fired
 generators, grow lights and enough basic supplies to
 sustain life for as long as seven years. Everyone will
 share the costs - $11,743 per person, he calculates.
 Byron Kirkwood isn't ready to live in a cave, but he
 does plan to be prepared for Y2K. Which in his
 case is easy, since he runs a mail-order survival
 products business from his rural Oklahoma home.
 He started the company six years ago, after his wife,
 Annie, said she received messages from the Virgin
 Mary - which she passed on in a series of books -
 warning that cataclysmic "earth changes" were
 imminent.
 These days, though, most of Mr. Kirkwood's
 customers are more worried about whether Y2K
 will cripple the U.S. economy than whether the
 Earth is about to turn on its side and acquire a
 second sun.
 Mrs. Kirkwood said Mary has not explicitly
 addressed Y2K, although she did warn recently that
 "major changes . . . will come about through
 government, banking institutions and
 telecommunications. Your power sources will be
 interrupted, and your life will change drastically."
 "That sure fits Y2K," Mr. Kirkwood said, "but she
 didn't come right out and say, 'The computers will
 fail.' "
 In any case, he said, sales of his survival products
 are up five-fold over last year, with water filters,
 hand-cranked radios and long-shelf-life foods
 leading the list.
 A rack in his office displays freeze-dried entrees -
 pepper steak, cheese ravioli and chili - packaged
 with individual chemical heating units. Some orders
 have come from as far away as Hong Kong and
 Austria.
 Like many Y2K pessimists, he gets much of his
 information and does much of his business via the
 Internet - using computers to bewail humankind's
 impending betrayal by computers.
 "I'm not trying to be a doomsayer," Mr. Kirkwood
 said. "I only give TEOTWAWKI a 10 percent
 chance of happening."
 However, he said, if food becomes scarce, "there's
 not enough police, not enough national guard, not
 enough military to go around."
 Those who stockpile food, water and cash - or who
 head for the hills - may look foolish to those who
 don't, he said, but only time will tell who are the real
 fools.
 "Some of us will look stupid one way, or some of us
 will look stupid the other way," he said. "You just
 don't know which side of stupid you're going to be
 on."
 Although Y2K is a purely technological, secular
 problem, there is a strong nexus between Y2K
 anxieties and religious millennialism, which predicts a
 catastrophic cleansing as the precursor to a new
 paradise.
 Like the Kirkwoods and Mr. Elder, the Dallas Area
 Y2K Community Preparedness Group is overtly
 Christian. The Rev. Pat Robertson's Christian
 Broadcasting Network has extensive Y2K links on
 its Web site.
 And Dr. Gary North, whom some regard as the
 Paul Revere of the Y2K crisis, is prominent in the
 Religious Reconstruction movement, which
 advocates replacing the Constitution with biblical
 law. Dr. North used to live in Tyler, Texas, but he
 has moved to northern Arkansas, which, like eastern
 Oklahoma, offers solitude to separatists of various
 persuasions.
 "The millennial myth can take secular or religious
 forms," said Dr. Philip Lamy, a sociologist at
 Castleton State College in Vermont who studies
 millennial movements.
 Regardless of the form, he said, the driving force is
 angst about today's rapid social change - change as
 momentous as that experienced during the Industrial
 Revolution.
 "What a lot of millennial groups are trying to do is
 hold onto the past," Dr. Lamy said. "They are
 merely saying that they're afraid."
 Of course, fear is not an unreasonable response.
 "This is not a false issue," said Bill Wachel, a
 computer consultant who founded DFW Prep 2000,
 a forum in which industry representatives share
 information on the issue.
 "It's possible, yeah, that the whole world could
 come apart. Is it probable? No."
 Dr. Leon Kappelman of the University of North
 Texas is leading the charge for government to
 pressure crucial industries such as electric utilities,
 telecommunications and medicine to fix Y2K
 problems. He isn't anticipating doom, but he doubts
 that many Americans will escape unscathed.
 "I don't really know what the future is. I know there
 are serious risks," he said. "I expect life to be a little
 more difficult for awhile."
 He has no use for those who choose to flee.
 "Cowards would be a good word [for them]," he
 said. "Deserters."
 Dr. Landes, too, urges Americans to hang together
 rather than hang separately.
 "Y2K can be a gift," he said. "It's a test. How do we
 as a culture handle this - not only the problem, but
 the rhetoric surrounding the problem?"
 As Mr. Elder explored the cave he had chosen to
 demonstrate to a visitor the wisdom of his plan, he
 came upon artifacts of a earlier era's doomsday
 fears. Next to a sign designating the cavern as an
 official fallout shelter lay tins of 1950s-vintage
 survival rations.
 The tins were unopened and pocked with rust.
 (c) 1998 The Dallas Morning News
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-09 10:31:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [FP] FW: Bill to Limit Nat'l ID Plan 
[Forwarded message from:]
believer [mailto:believer
Sent: Monday, May 05, 1997 3:12 PM
Source:  Washington Post
Senate Mulls Healthcare ID Proposal
By Cassandra Burrell
Associated Press Writer
Friday, September 4, 1998; 1:39 a.m. EDT
WASHINGTON (AP) -- A plan to assign every American a lifetime
health-care ID number, similar to a Social Security number, could face
new limits under a measure headed for Senate debate.
A provision introduced Thursday by Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison,
R-Texas, would prohibit the Health and Human Services Department
from going forward with the plan until Congress approves its specifics.
Critics say the system, being developed as part of the 1996 Health
Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, could invade privacy by
opening medical histories to insurers, employers and others. The law
guarantees that anyone changing or losing a job would be able to get
health insurance, even with a pre-existing medical condition.
``The plan, as HHS intended to carry it forward, raises questions of
excessive government involvement and control -- not to mention privacy,''
Hutchison said.
The Senate Appropriations Committee added Hutchison's amendment to
an $82 billion spending bill funding the Labor, Education and Health and
Human Services departments as well as several related agencies for the
fiscal year that begins Oct. 1.
The committee approved the overall bill with little debate and sent it to
Senate. But some members said they planned to introduce more
controversial issues into the bill during floor debate, including provisions
dealing with federal funding of single-sex classrooms and allowing
Medicare recipients to go outside the program for care not covered by the
President Clinton has threatened to veto a matching bill in the House
because it lacks money for some of his favorite programs, such as summer
jobs for poor youth and low-income heating assistance.
Also Thursday, the Senate resolved a dispute over staffing at the Federal
Election Commission, clearing the way for passage of a $29.9 billion
spending bill funding the Treasury Department and related agencies.
The Treasury bill was pulled from the Senate floor in late July because of
Democratic objections to a Republican amendment that would have made
it easier to remove the FEC's staff director and general counsel. With
resolution of the issue, the bill passed 91-5 Thursday without further
Introduced by Sen. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., the disputed amendment
sought to limit to four years the currently open-ended terms of the two
officials and to require approval of four of the FEC's six commissioners
before the terms could be extended.
Each party selects three commissioners. Democrats, led by Sen. Carl
Levin of Michigan, contended the amendment would let one party remove
an official for no reason and undermine the agency's independence.
Under a compromise worked out with Levin, the current general counsel
and staff director would not have term limits, future service would be set
at six years with votes of only three commissioners required to approve an
The $27 billion House bill, which passed in July, does not include language
on the FEC staffers. Differences will have to be worked out in a
House-Senate conference.
The Senate bill, which would increase money for drug enforcement, gang
resistance and customer service by the Internal Revenue Service,
establishes spending at $7.85 billion for the IRS, $1.7 billion for the U.S.
Customs Service and $593 million for the Secret Service.
Like the House bill, it would freeze salaries for members of Congress but
would allow 3.6 percent cost-of-living raises for other federal workers.
It also was amended to require federal employee health plans that cover
prescription drugs to provide coverage for contraceptives.
 (c) Copyright 1998 The Associated Press

@_date: 1998-09-09 12:54:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SCADA in power grid 
this is from                      Gary North's Y2K Links and Forums
                            Summary and Comments
                       (feel free to mail this page)
      ----------------------------------------------------------------
       Category:  Power_Grid
           Date:  1998-08-29 13:57:30
        Subject:  The Convenient Lie:
            Link:         Comment:  On August 27, I spoke before a meeting of 500
                  people -- 5% of a local town. At that meeting,
                  representatives of several industries spoke:
                  banking, telephone, electrical power.
                  When pressed by someone in the audience, the
                  representative of the power company insisted they
                  could run the entire company on manual systems
                  without compliant computers. Forget about
                  noncompliant chips. The company can do it manually.
                  I asked him straight: Can they run the SCADA
                  (supervisory control and data acquisition) system
                  without telecommunications? That's the computerized
                  system that tells them how much power is running
                  through the lines. "Yes," he said.
                  A week before I had been told by an engineer with a
                  large urban power company that without SCADA, they
                  would fry the lines permanently. "There is no way
                  we could run the system manually."
                  I guess engineers don't agree.
                  I told the audience this:
                  "No system can be switched to pre-computer manual
                  operations without training. Any outfit that claims
                  that it can be run manually had better have a
                  highly trained technical staff to take over in
                  2000. Does the outfit have a training manual? How
                  much training money has it budgeted?"
                  Any outfit that does not have the staff being
                  trained right now is lying when it says that it can
                  be run manually. It cannot be run manually by
                  phantom workers. The men who knew how to run it
                  manually were fired 30 years ago. The manual
                  systems were replaced. The industry did not spend
                  hundreds of billions of dollars on computerization
                  so as to have two separate operation systems. They
                  spent the money to get rid of manual systems.
                  Any time you hear some representative tell you his
                  public utility can be run manually, ask five
                  questions:
                  1. How many trained personnel do you need,
                  including substitutes, to run your system manually?
                  2. How many are currently undergoing training for
                  this task, and how many have finished it?
                  3. May I come in and see your training manual that
                  you use to train these people?
                  4. How much money has your company budgeted to
                  train this staff?
                  5. How much has already been spent?
                  You must call their bluff. They're lying. They have
                  no intention of trying to run anything manually.
                  It's just a PR ploy. It's Monica Lewinsky syndrome.
                  Nobody suffers any consequences for lying to the
                  public.
                  But can't they be sued for lying, i.e., misleading
                  the public? Not if all companies in the industry
                  collapse for the same reason. They will share the
                  blame, or pass it on to a higher authority: "An act
                  of God."
                  When you catch one of them in a lie this big, you
                  can rest assured: he knows that it can't be fixed
                  by anyone, so he knows he can't be successfully
                  sued.
                  Training to convert to manual systems won't work,
                  of course. The power industry can't be run
                  manually, and it's too late to fix the code.
                  Besides, nobody in the industry will pay any
                  attention to such warnings. But at least it lets
                  the industry know that you don't believe the lie
                  any more.
                  Dick Mills, who is a public optimist about the
                  power grid, recently issued a warning to the
                  industry: begin contingency planning. This includes
                  training. This is the best advice that anyone could
                  give the power industry -- not because the advice
                  could work at this late date, but because it's time
                  to call their bluff.
                  This is from Westergaard's site.
                  * * * * * * * * *
                  . . . Isn't there already a national emergency plan
                  in place for such as critical infrastructure such
                  as power? No, not to my knowledge. Please write and
                  tell me if I'm wrong.
                  Never before, has there been a threat to the power
                  system of such sweeping scope and magnitude as Y2K.
                  There was no need for a national electric-power
                  emergency plan. Prudence requires that we have such
                  a plan, not only for Y2K but also for other future
                  threats.
                  I foresee that this plan will need to span
                  national, state, local, public, private, utility
                  and non-utility boundaries. How might we accomplish
                  that? I've been told that existing presidential
                  executive orders allow the entire industry to be
                  nationalized at the stroke of a pen in case of
                  emergency. Thus the authority exists, but it will
                  do no good unless there are plans and trained
                  organizations in place to use it effectively.
                  There are numerous mitigating possibilities to be
                  considered. That is true of not only to electric
                  power but also to all industries and all facets of
                  the Y2K problem. . . .
                  It is already too late to finish Y2K remediation
                  for many companies, but it is not too late for
                  disaster preparations. To actually get practical
                  and practiced disaster preparedness plans in place,
                  we must accomplish three things. I see these three
                  as my working goals. I hope you do the same. . . .
                  We must plan, train, and practice the
                  implementation of emergency procedures. Those are
                  key elements of all emergency services like fire
                  and police. In the Y2K case, we have to combine
                  strangers into teams, invent new roles, and
                  practice. That takes time.
           Link:        ----------------------------------------------------------------
                       Return to Category: Power_Grid
                         Return to Main Categories
                            Return to Home Page

@_date: 1998-09-09 21:28:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Casual Talk Can Produce Wealth of Corporate Intelligence Data 
Casual Talk Can Produce Wealth of Corporate Intelligence Data
Sep. 6 (The Record/KRTBN)--"Spies are the most important element in war,
" Sun Tzu wrote in "The Art of War," "because upon them depends an
army's ability to move."
The man in this story is one such spy, but his battlefield isn't a
blood-soaked Third World country, and his army wears no uniforms and
carries no guns. His battlefield is the grand panorama of world
commerce, his army a well-known, high-tech company in North Jersey.
This man -- he spoke on condition of anonymity -- for four years has
been the company's director of competitor intelligence. His job is to
study competitors and gather information his company can use to make
strategic decisions on everything from mergers to new-product launches
to pricing.
Unlike covert operatives -- who engage in all sorts of skulduggery to
gather information, from phone taps to undercover work -- he relies on
public sources: the Internet, government documents, published reports,
and trade shows.
Beyond that, his greatest resource is the eyes and ears of company
employees: the salesman who regularly encounters competitors on the
plane, the executive who hobnobs with officers from other high-tech
companies, the company spokesman who deals with the media, the
secretary who answers the phone.
"Eighty percent of what you need to know about your competition is
already in your company," he said. "You just don't know where it is."
On the Internet, this corporate spy will monitor competitors' Web
sites, and also his company's own, using software tools that allow him
to determine who is visiting the site and which pages they're viewing.
Since many competitors use aliases, additional research is necessary to
determine who is targeting the site.
He also monitors chat groups on the Web to determine who is discussing
his company in cyberspace.
Within the company itself, "several dozen" people are assigned
competitive intelligence functions, including human resources
personnel, secretaries, and press officers. But everybody is in on it.
Airline tickets issued to employees carry a suggestion to be
"competitor aware," a subtle reminder to keep eyes and ears open at all
times and to make sure they don't inadvertently leave documents where
competitors can find them.
And, according to the spy, it works. Here's how:
 In one instance, a salesperson preparing to demonstrate a product for
a customer was asked if any special equipment was needed. When the
salesperson requested a specific type of monitor, the customer said it
wouldn't be a problem, since a competing high-tech company had recently
requested the identical monitor.
which product his competitor was pitching and to tailor his
presentation to point out the weaknesses in the competitor's product,
allowing him to close the sale.
In another instance, a salesperson called up a customer and discovered
that another company had begun offering a deep discount on a competing
product. The move was initially interpreted as a "full court press" to
gain market share, and the company began contemplating deep discounts
of its own.
But within 24 hours, the competitive intelligence unit -- using media
reports and the Internet -- was able to determine that the competitor
was trying to decide whether to discontinue the product. Salespeople
were dispatched with instructions to inform customers of that fact -- a
so-called FUD mission, since it instills "fear, uncertainty, and doubt"
in customers -- and a potentially devastating price war was averted.
"It was a bullet avoided," he said.
 The corporate spy's true forte, however, is the trade show, where
dozens of companies gather to hawk their wares, and schmoozing is the
order of the day.
As many as a dozen operatives will be employed to gather information
at a trade show, each one assigned to a specific exhibition booth,
panel discussion, or press conference.
One might sidle up to a human resources representative at a
competitor's exhibition booth, start a conversation about the
difficulty of finding good employees, and walk away minutes later with
the number of employees the company hired for a specific unit.
Another might collar a reporter for the trade press and pump him for
information. Another might be assigned to stake out the restaurant
where the executives from a competing company gather for breakfast
every morning. Another might hurl questions at a competing executive
who is speaking at a panel discussion.
"A lot of times you can ask them a question from the floor," he said.
"You never hear them say, 'Who do you work for again?' "
Within 24 to 48 hours, all the operatives will write down what they
have learned, which is then analyzed and condensed into a document for
distribution within the company.
The corporate spy says his operatives adhere to a strict ethics code
that prohibits them from misrepresenting who they are  and what they
are doing. The code also prohibits theft, trespassing, and other
illegal acts.
But he said the inability of most people to refrain from casual
conversation with a friendly stranger makes such tactics unnecessary.
What remains vitally necessary, however, is making the best use of the
information at one's disposal.
"You're not seeing Reds under the bed," he said, an allusion to Cold
War-era spying that targeted Communists. "You're trying to extend your
product cycle by six months. And you have to be aware that information
can sink you in a hurry."
By Louis Lavelle
 Visit The Record, Hackensack, N.J., on the World Wide Web at
(c) 1998, The Record, Hackensack, N.J. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News.  END!A$9?HK-BIZ-SPY
News provided by COMTEX.
[!WALL+STREET] [ARMY] [ART] [COMMERCE] [CONFERENCE] [CORPORATE]
[GOVERNMENT] [INTERNET] [KRT] [MARKET] [MARKET+SHARE] [MEDIA] [NEWS]
[NEWSGRID] [RESEARCH] [SOFTWARE] [TRADE] [USA] [WAR]
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-09 21:28:27
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: FTC: Internet merchant barred for life from "net-based" commerce 
FTC: Internet merchant barred for life from "net-based" commerce
 SEP  9, 1998, M2 Communications - An Internet "entrepreneur" who
advertised low priced computers in online auction houses and collected
the sales price but never delivered the goods would be barred for life
from conducting any Internet commerce, under the terms of a settlement
with the Federal Trade Commission. The defendant, who did business as
Experienced Designed Computers and C&H Computer Services, would be
prohibited from advertising, marketing or selling goods or services via
the Internet, from making misrepresentations about any goods or
services he sells and from violating the Mail or Telephone Order
Merchandise Rule.
The defendant, Craig Lee Hare, also known as Danny Hare, operates
from Lake Worth, Florida.
In April, 1998, the FTC alleged that Hare had used online auction
houses to offer new and used computers for sale. After "successful
bidders" paid as much as $1,450 per computer, Hare provided them with
neither the computer nor a refund. At the request of the FTC, a federal
district judge issued a temporary restraining order and froze Hare's
assets, pending trial. The agency asked the court to issue an
injunction permanently barring Hare from violating the FTC Act and the
Mail or Telephone Order Merchandise Rule. The stipulated permanent
injunction and final judgment announced today would settle those
The settlement would permanently bar Hare from participating in any
online commerce. It also would bar him from misrepresenting his
identity in commercial e-mail and misrepresenting any fact that is
material to a consumer's decision to purchase any goods or services in
any form of commerce. In addition, the order would prohibit future
violations of the Mail or Telephone Order Merchandise Rule. Finally,
the order provides record keeping provisions to allow the FTC to
monitor compliance.
Stephanie J. Herter, also known as Stephanie Branham, also entered in
a settlement with the Commission. She was named in the FTC complaint
against Hare as a relief defendant because checks Hare received from
consumers were deposited in her checking account. In settlement of the
charges against her, Herter will release Hare's funds in that account
to be used for consumer redress, or, if that is impractical, to be
deposited into the U.S. Treasury.
The stipulated permanent injunctions were filed in the U.S. District
Court, Southern District of Florida, West Palm Beach Division.
NOTE: These consent judgments are for settlement purposes only and do
not constitute an admission by the defendants of a law violation.
Consent judgments have the force of law when signed by the judge.
Copies of the complaint, Stipulated Final Judgment and Orders and a
consumer alert, "Online Auctions: Going, Going Gone!" are available
from the FTC's web site@ and also from the FTC's
Consumer Response Center, Room 130, 6th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue,
N.W., Washington, D.C. 20580; 202-FTC-HELP (202-382-4357); TDD for the
hearing impaired 202-326-2502. To find out the latest news as it is
announced, call the FTC NewsPhone recording at 202-326-2710.
(C)1994-98 M2 COMMUNICATIONS LTDCONTACT: Claudia Bourne Farrell,
Office of Public
Tel: +1 202-326-2181
*M2 COMMUNICATIONS DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR
INFORMATION PROVIDED WITHIN M2 PRESSWIRE. DATA
SUPPLIED BY NAMED PARTY/PARTIES.*
News provided by COMTEX.
[!BUSINESS] [!HIGHTECH] [!INFOTECH] [!WALL+STREET] [ADVERTISING]
[BUSINESS] [COMMERCE] [COMPUTER] [CONSUMER] [E-MAIL] [FLORIDA]
[INTERNET] [MARKETING] [MTO] [NEWS] [NEWSGRID] [ONLINE] [PENNSYLVANIA]
[SALES] [TRADE] [TRIAL] [USA] [WASHINGTON]
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-11 02:40:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: If there's a trial will some of us be witnesses? 
hmmmm, I doubt carl johnson will claim he is innocent. or
has he? the trial is only necessary if he doesn't plead
guilty. depending on his lawyer & the evidence, that seems likely to
me if he was involved. there aren't any cpunks with the resources to take on uncle sam, except maybe... seriously, though, it's fun to fantasize. it would certainly
be the trial of the century. better than unabomber & oj
simpson combined. that reminds me.. before they caught him I always thought
the unabomber was probably on the cpunk list. I was quite
surprised when his antitechnology rant came out. he's got
the rant part down, but not the technology part!!
at one time, kevin mitnick was on this list, rumor has
it. probably many of the world's premiere hackers have been at one time or

@_date: 1998-09-11 02:46:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Joe Cypherpunk 
wow, a new site called sixdegrees.com, in which everyone
registers and reveals who their friends are. the privacy
implications are really incredible. yet supposedly
close to 1 million people joined, with 900,000 of them
 wow!! boy, it sure would be interesting to
write software that analyzed this data.
 reminds me of another program someone wrote that looked
up proper nouns in the ciabase database, I think, and
showed the relationships. probably the kind of software
that intelligence agencies use all the time. pretty sophisticated.
amazing what the information revolution is bringing. in
many ways, extraordinary things can be done merely by
sloshing information around in creative ways. no one
has really predicted some of the coolest stuff that
is happening.
wheeeeeeee!!! cyberspace is so much fun!!!

@_date: 1998-09-11 03:11:39
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Impossible Analysis Paper at Crypto98 
a proof that you have an unbreakable cypher has a lot
of implications to the P=?NP question. if the analysis
is novel and elegant, than it might very well leads to
insights into P=?NP of computer science.

@_date: 1998-09-11 03:35:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] Smart Cards -- Public Acceptance? 
SCAN THIS NEWS
New Poll: 76% Indicate Interest in Smart Cards
 SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 9, 1998--
 Smart Card Forum research study seeks keys to market success, ways to
bridge the gap between early adopters and the mainstream consumer market
 The Smart Card Forum (SCF), a multi-industry organization working to
accelerate the widespread acceptance of smart card technology, today
announced some initial top-line poll results of a qualitative and
quantitative research study it has commissioned. A detailed analysis of the
comprehensive study will be finalized in tandem with the Forum's Work Group
meetings this November in Florida.
 The Forum is attempting to better understand what North American consumers
would like in a smart card that they could carry around with them that
stores information or value (or both) from various applications (e.g.,
health care, insurance, banking, loyalty programs). These applications are
just some of what a smart card can do (the technology has many more
applications), but a study of how consumers perceive them will help the
industry better understand the potential size and shape of the future market
for smart card technology.
 "The smart card is a very exciting and powerful emerging technology," says
Forum President William J. Barr. "To extend its promise into the mainstream
commercial marketplace means understanding and then delivering what
consumers want. After all, it's a basic marketing premise that you have to
understand the public's needs before you can deliver a solution that will
win their support and loyalty. Previous Forum market research has shown
consumer interest in our industry; this next wave of research is designed to
provide us with more specific information that we can apply to the task of
introducing smart cards to the broadest possible consumer audience."
 FIND/SVP, a nationally known New York-based research and consulting firm,
was asked by the Forum to design the research study to capture consumer
perceptions of smart cards and the keys to their acceptance and use. To do
this, they designed a qualitative (14 focus groups) and quantitative
(telephone survey of 2,400) research study(a) conducted in the United States
and Canada. It was tightly focused to determine certain attributes of smart
cards, which applications would be supported and why, plus servicing,
branding, and pricing issues.
 For the purposes of the research, a very specific "smart card concept" was
developed and tested. It was described as a "card-sized unit with a memory
that can hold just about any kind of information but requires some sort of
reader to input or output data." Among the research findings:
- three quarters of those polled (76%) said they were "extremely," "very" or
"somewhat" interested in the smart card concept; about one-third (31%) were
"very" or "extremely" interested
- of the 31% "very" or "extremely" interested, the majority said that they
would "definitely want" smart cards for applications such as med-alert
information (74%); health insurance ID (62%); ATM and related bank access
(59%); drivers licenses (56%); and credit cards (53%)
- the most interested group were, in general, willing to pay up to $50 to
obtain a smart card, and a $25 annual fee to maintain the card
- that same group carried far more cards in their wallets than those not
interested (6.3 cards vs. 3.9 cards)
- those most interested fit the profile of early technology adopters:
younger, higher income, own a PC, etc.
- convenience and security were seen as key motivating factors for adoption
 "These initial results reveal a number of interesting things we didn't know
before," says Barr. "First, smart cards -- as they were conservatively
described in the research -- have a potential core early-adopter
constituency to start with of about a third of the population. Second, some
of the applications a smart card can enable are easily understood and
appreciated by that segment of the population. That's good news for the
industry, because it is the use of smart cards for each of these individual
things that will collectively increase the momentum towards
multiple-application smart card interoperability and ubiquity."
Interest in smart cards.
 All focus group respondents expressed interest in the "smart card concept."
It should be noted that these groups were pre-screened to eliminate
"technophobes," and participants developed concepts themselves, so higher
levels of enthusiasm for smart card technology were to be expected.
 However, approximately three-quarters of those polled in the telephone
survey said they were either "somewhat," "very" or "extremely" interested in
the smart card concept. About a quarter were not interested.
 Who are most interested in the idea of smart cards?
 The research discovered that those interested in smart cards - compared to
those "not interested" in the concept -- are:
- much more likely to have PCs, cell phones, or other high-tech devices (98%
vs. 68%) - much more likely to look forward to new technology (44% vs.
18%) - younger (38 vs. 48 years old) - have higher incomes ($54,000 vs.
$45,000) - already carrying more cards than those not interested (6.3 vs.
 "Those numbers tell us that as an industry, we must extend our efforts
beyond the classic early adopter community and connect with the majority of
consumers who need to be educated about the many benefits to them of smart
card technology," says Barr.
 "Our ability to bridge that gap will determine the future success of our
One card to replace many.
 As designed by the focus groups, "Such a (smart) card would replace most of
what they now carried in their pockets and do other things as well. It would
not be used in addition to the cards in the wallets, but instead of those
 Of those interested in having a smart card (N=741): *T Would want only one
smart card 35% Would want two smart cards 30 Would want three smart cards 27
Would want four or more cards 6 *T One card that does many things.
 Within the qualitative phase, people were able to easily generate potential
uses for a smart card. More than 100 plausible application ideas were
generated, both for personal and for business use. These included: replacing
money and credit cards, replacing many of the cards in one's wallet, storing
records, and managing daily events.
 Of those interested the smart cards, respondents said that they would
"definitely want" them for:
Med-Alert information 74%, Health insurance ID 62, ATM and related bank
access 59, Drivers license 56, Credit cards 53, Prescription card 51, Car
information 50, Money for small purchases 48, Medical records 44, "Other" ID
39, Discount shopping cards 39, Money for larger purchases 36, Frequent
flyer information 34, "Other" membership cards 26.
 According to Barr, "we are pleased by these findings on applications,
because that's what smart cards are supposed to be all about. Smart cards
are supposed to perform lots of diverse functions, and we're pleased that
those surveyed could identify so many of them. Multi-application
interoperability is both the objective of the Smart Card Forum and the key
to unlocking the business potential of our industry."
The ideal way to distribute and control smart cards.
 A consensus emerged among those most interested in the concept about how
one would/should get and maintain a smart card:
- consumers would obtain a "starter" smart card from one of many sources,
either free or for a small fee
- they would "build" onto it by adding identification and licenses, personal
data, and credit data (among others), either free or for a small fee
- users would pay an independent service an annual fee to help maintain and
protect the card
- individual smart card-holders would allow different organizations
different levels of access to the card
Respondents disliked the idea of a single authority having access to all
their smart card key data. They accepted that in the absence of such an
authority, problems with maintaining the card, replacing it, canceling it,
etc. would become overwhelming. Accordingly, their plausible solution was
"distributed," allowing for widespread sale of smart cards at a very low
price, with the cards supported by an individual choice of one of many
independent "bonding agencies" paid monthly or annual fees for their
services. It was thought that data might also be backed up by this agency
(in encrypted form), or saved by the card's owner who would have two
versions of his/her card made.
Mild preference for adding data oneself 61%, Mild preference for having one
company to call for problems 59%, Mild preference for many suppliers 58%.
 In general, the research discovered that of those most interested in the
smart card concept, respondents were willing to pay up to $50 to obtain a
card, and approximately a $25 annual fee to maintain the card.
 Potential smart card users rarely envisioned a single-use card that would
be used in addition to the cards in their wallets. Rather, they were
interested in a card that would put multiple uses on a single device. The
key reasons for embracing the card thus focused heavily on convenience:
fewer things in one's wallet, fewer things to remember to carry.
 Another initial motivator might be security. A smart card can be made
significantly more secure than a normal magnetic stripe card, and when
introduced to that information, survey participants indicated that smart
cards might, by "electronically storing receipts in some way," provide
additional reassurance. The use of electronic fingerprinting (biometrics) as
proof of identity was also seen as a way to protect the security of
information stored on smart cards.
 "Security" was also interpreted as meaning medical safety and physical well
being. Accordingly, a smart card with emergency information accessible by
physicians and paramedics was also considered desirable.
 Other ways to encourage initial smart card use focused on having a smart
card doing certain things better than its "dumb" predecessor (e.g. a
"faster" or "less expensive" card). Using the card as an electronic key, to
which other applications might be added later, was also seen as a possible
The bottom-line.
 "Using a very precise and narrow definition of a smart card, we have
discovered useful new information that we can apply as the full spectrum of
smart card applications emerges into the mainstream commercial environment,"
says Barr. "This is just the beginning of our industry's efforts to learn
about how we can connect with and educate consumers whose interest in smart
card technology increases in relation to the information they have about
 The Smart Card Forum ( is a non-profit, multi-
industry organization of 200 members working to accelerate the widespread
acceptance of multiple application smart card technology by bringing
together, in an open forum, leading users and technologists from both the
public and private sectors.
- The "qualitative" aspect of this study comprised a set of 14 focus groups
that were conducted in four US cities (New York City, NY; Chicago, IL; San
Francisco, CA; and Jacksonville, FL), and two Canadian cities (Guelph and
Toronto, ON).
- The "quantitative" aspect comprised a much larger and more "projectable"
sample of 2,400 American and English-speaking Canadian citizens aged 18 and
over who completed a structured telephone interview. Respondents were
capable of using a smart card (e.g., had some other form of "plastic" card
or checking accounts) but otherwise were randomly selected.
Megan McDonnell
Environics Communications
1 (203) 325-8772, Karen Silberman
Smart Card Forum
1 (703) 610-9023
[forwarded from F.D. Bowden]
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-09-11 03:35:24
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] FW: CA Fingerprinting legislation 
SCAN THIS NEWS
[Forwarded message]
Fr:	Jon Golinger, CALPIRG
Re:	Wrap-up on Bank Fingerprinting/Biometrics Legislation in California
this year
As you know, there was significant activity in the State Legislature this
year surrounding the use of fingerprints and other biometric identifiers
by banks and commercial entities.  This is an effort to summarize what
happened this year and solidify a coalition to work together on these
issues next year and in years to come.
There were two main bills introduced to address the
fingerprinting/biometrics issue - SB 1622 by Senator Steve Peace, which
would have prohibited banks from fingerprinting customers, and AB 50 by
Assemblyman Kevin Murray, which would have created some guidelines for
the use of fingerprints and other biometrics in the commercial sector. Neither piece of legislation passed this year.
SB 1622, backed by CALPIRG, the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, ACLU, Ralph
Nader, and others, was approved by the State Senate and the Assembly
Judiciary Committee.  Opposed by the California Bankers Association and
some law enforcement officials, the bill was voted down in the Assembly
Banking Committee in early August and remained there for the rest of the
AB 50, backed by the California Bankers Association and some law
enforcement officials, was heavily amended and approved by just one
Committee, the Senate Judiciary Committee, after extensive negotiations. Opposed by Nader, ACLU, CALPIRG, Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, and the
California Reinvestment Committee, AB 50 was expected to pass but was
pulled from the Senate Floor and killed by leadership the day before the
session ended.
So, the status quo leaves many California banks still fingerprinting
customers and the potential for other commercial uses of biometrics very
much an open question.  However, the banks and their allies failed to
close the door on this issue by passing the weak "consumer protections"
in AB 50 that would have effectively paved the way for fingerprinting and
biometrics in a variety of commercial situations and made it difficult to
pass consumer-friendly legislation in the future.
This issue will surely be the subject of legislation next year.  I
believe that it would be in the interests of those concerned about
privacy, discrimination, and "Big Brother" issues related to this subject
to begin discussions or meetings before the new legislative session
begins about a plan for the coming year.  We may also want to consider
establishing a "Privacy Coalition" to work on these and related issues as
they arise.  I will be in touch with interested groups and individuals
about this in the coming weeks.
We can be certain of one thing:  the banks and their allies will be back.
 So will we.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, September 09, 1998 2:56 PM
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-09-11 03:35:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: The big blackout? 
September 7, 1998
The big blackout?
Regardless of your own Y2K preparedness, the slow-moving electrical industry
could leave you in the dark
By Blaise Zerega
Companies scrambling to bring their computer systems into year-2000
compliance may discover that their time and effort will be for naught. A
lack of preparedness by North America's electrical industry may pull the
plug on many companies' transition plans.
Although many electric companies have already begun addressing year-2000
compliance, some have not. It was only in June that the first industrywide
efforts got under way, which may not leave enough time for testing and
contingency planning, according to experts.
"I can't tell you overall how we stand. Based on the information we receive,
we'll build contingency plans off that," said Jon Arnold, chief technology
officer of the Edison Electric Institute (EEI), a trade organization in
Washington that represents companies supplying roughly 75 percent of North
America's electricity.
The North American Electric Reliability Council (NERC) will present the
first industry report on year-2000 readiness to the Department of Energy
(DOE) on Sept. 14, with public release slated for Sept. 17. Until the
publication of this report, serious questions about the capability of power
companies to generate, transmit, and distribute electric power -- and the
consequences for IT system and business disruptions -- will abound.
Industry experts point to the electric system's interconnectedness as the
potential source of most problems. North America is divided into three
interconnected power grids, which are made up of electric generating,
transmitting, and distribution companies. These thousands of companies
compose a high-level network that is only as strong as its weakest segment.
"If you have a failure in one place, it can affect the power delivery in
many places," said Stephanie Moore, an analyst at the Giga Information
Group, a research company in Westport, Conn.
The risk posed by interconnectedness is made worse by deregulation. For
example, a California company purchasing power from a Tennessee company may
not receive it because of a transmission problem in Kansas.
Unfortunately, companies have very few alternative power options, analysts
say. Large companies should investigate on-site power generation, largely
from generators, while small companies with limited resources might resort
to candles and a return to paper -- until power is restored and IT systems
brought back up.
"The truth is, I don't have any good advice," said Rick Cowles, director of
industry year-2000 solutions at Tava Technologies, in Penn's Grove, N.J.
Many companies have been slow to tackle the year-2000 risks of their power
supply, concentrating instead on their internal computing systems, analysts
A large Fortune 200 manufacturer in the Midwest is taking this risk
seriously, but has yet to cement a plan to manage the risk. The manufacturer
has more than 50 worldwide locations and is urging its local facilities to
contact their electricity suppliers immediately.
"As we start to develop insight to what those providers are capable of,
we'll draw that into business continuity and contingency planning," the
manufacturer's year-2000 project leader said.
Other companies such as credit card provider Household International will
use in-house resources to meet the possibility of power disruption.
"All our major facilities are being prepared to handle any external or
internal failure, [by] having back-up generator and back-up diesel
capability," said Thomas Wilkie, Household International's director of risk
management, in Prospect Heights, Ill.
For now, companies have to wait while the electric power industry as a whole
undertakes the critical steps of gaining and sharing information.
"We can't answer questions on preparedness at this point," said Gene
Gorzelnik, director of communications at NERC, in Princeton, N.J.
NERC is compiling results of questionnaires sent in June to the 200 largest
North American power companies, and to four trade associations representing
3,000 distribution companies. Results will be included in the industry
report delivered to the DOE in September. NERC will follow the report with a
coordination of preparedness plans and scenario analysis ending in July
1999, and a coordination of precautionary operations during the year-2000
Although NERC and the EEI expect the September DOE report to be positive
generally, it is not clear whether "mom and pop" distributors or large
electric utilities -- generally thought to be more vulnerable -- present a
greater risk.
"In a lot of cases, you can't make the assumption that mom and pops are
going to be the problem, because the larger companies tend to have a lot of
automation," the EEI's Arnold said.
Another risk in need of assessment is the nuclear power industry. According
to the Nuclear Energy Institute, a trade organization in Washington, the
United States depends on nuclear power to generate 22 percent of its
"You can't talk about [year 2000] and electricity without including the
nuclear power industry," Cowles said.
In June, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) sent a letter the 108 U.S.
nuclear power plants advising the industry of year-2000 risks and requesting
a detailed written statement of readiness by July 1, 1999.
Much like the NERC effort, the NRC information-gathering is a good first
step, but one that leaves companies considering contingency plans in limbo.
"My advice is wait for the [industry] reports and strike up a dialogue with
your utility at the local level," Arnold said.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-11 03:35:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Looming Y2k Crisis 
36 Seemingly Innocuous Questions That Pry the Truth
  Out of Managers and Programmers Regarding the Year 2000
   (Y2K) Problem and Their Organization's Looming Crisis
                   (c) Gary North, 1997
                 The author hereby gives permission to any reporter,
columnist, or journalist to e-mail a copy of this report
to any colleague in the profession.
                       INTRODUCTION
     The Year 2000 (Y2K) Problem is real.  If it weren't,
Chase Manhattan Bank would not have budgeted between $200
million and $250 million to solve it.
     Nobody knows what the fallout will be.  My Web site
offers summaries and links to documents posted all over
the Web.  But there are so many potential falling dominoes
that nobody can predict most of what's going to happen.
     We will be hit from all sides without warning.
Things that nobody is thinking about today will be
disrupted.  For example, the water-control locks on the
Panama Canal are controlled by a mainframe computer
system.  Jimmy Carter and Congress signed away the Canal
back in 1977.  It goes to Panama on January 1, 2000.  Will
the U.S. government fund this Y2K repair?  (Ha!)  If not,
what happens to the canal in 2000?  What happens to
shipping?  The government is not discussing this.
     Dominoes.  Nothing but dominoes.  Maybe you can find
some interesting ones locally.
     I have set up a closed discussion forum on my Web
site for reporters who are working on Y2K assignments.
You can post messages to each other.  Maybe it will help.
If you find an interviewing strategy that works better
than what I suggest here, let me know.  Meanwhile. . . .
          I.  EXPECT TO BE STONEWALLED OR MISLED
     This reporting assignment is easier for women.  The
company's PR department will assume that a woman doesn't
know anything technical.  The manager or PR flak may be
less guarded.  If you're a woman who majored in English
lit, let the public relations people know this early.
     For general background, read the cover story of
NEWSWEEK (June 2).  This is an accurate account.  If
anything, it is overly subdued.  You need to know what is
at stake internationally before you begin research on how
the Millennium Bug will affect your community.
     My report is no cure-all.  A well-informed manager is
going to be paranoid about a story on Y2K and his
organization.  You have to hope you wind up interviewing a
manager or spokesman who really doesn't understand the
problem.  The closer you get to the truth, the more that a
careful manager will raise his "deflector shields."
     "We cannot divulge any proprietary information."
     "Our contractor is in charge of this project."
     "No, he cannot speak with you about this."
     "Our vendors are taking care of this."
     "No, we cannot supply their names."
     "We are on schedule: late 1998."
     When you hear any of these, be assured: you're onto
something important.  To get the full story, you must now
earn your paycheck.
     You can invoke the time-honored, "We want you to have
an opportunity to tell your side of the story."  You may
choose to hand him a photocopy of the NEWSWEEK article.
"This paints a pretty glum picture.  I had hoped to find
out if things really are as bad as this report indicates.
If your organization is on top of this problem, I would
like to be able to report this to our readers."  You can
gently make it clear that a refusal to answer questions
will make the company's situation look bad -- maybe worse
than it really is.  If you can't get access to a
programmer, keep asking the spokesman questions, even if
you get "no comment" to all of them.  Write each refusal
down in your notebook.  This will make him nervous.
     The most important Y2K-threatened organizations in
your community are the public utilities: water/sewers,
natural gas, and above all, electricity (the national
power grid is at risk).  You could do a powerful series of
articles on just these.  They can't stonewall you as
easily as a private firm can.  They are politically
controlled.  You can go to members of the public utilities
commission, tell them they you're being stonewalled, and
ask for help.  Ultimately, public utilities commission
members will become personally liable if the system goes
down and they knew about it in advance.  You can even
print out two or three of the documents I've posted on my
Web site under "Litigation."  Hand these print-outs to one
or more of the PUC's members.  My site's address is:
     A member of a public utility commission is at great
personal risk if he lies or deliberately misleads the
public, and then a disaster takes place.  Call it
"Chernobyl syndrome."  Ask one or more of them to run
interference for you.  You want the interview.
     If you absolutely can't get access to a programmer at
a public utility, print out a copy of this report and hand
it to every member of the public utilities commission.
Tell them they had better get these questions answered for
themselves, and soon.
     I know of only one detailed local Y2K study that is
easily available: the report on North Platte, Nebraska,
written by three Creighton University economics
professors.  I have posted it on my site under
"Government."  A front-page story on Dick Brich, the
programmer in charge of the county's computer system,
appeared in the May 1, 1997 issue of USA TODAY.
     To understand the programming problem, you need a
standard for comparison.  Here is a good one.  Social
Security has had 400 programmers working since 1991 to fix
its system, which has 30 million lines of code.  The SSA
discovered the problem in 1989.  As of 1997, the system is
still noncompliant.  (See my Web site's category,
"Government.")  Use Social Security your benchmark.
                 II.  WHAT IS THE THREAT?
     You should assume that the spokesman or manager who
has consented to be interviewed has no idea of what is
involved technically in a Y2K repair.  He does not know
how long it will take.  Neither does anyone else.  Nothing
on this vast scale has ever been attempted in the
Information Technology world.
     The company probably has an official deadline:
December 31, 1998.  This has been forced on management by
the threat of post-1999 litigation: a due diligence date,
just in case the repair fails.  At least a year of testing
is necessary to verify that the repair is bug-free or at
least manageable.  The question is: Manageable by how many
people?  Kathy Adams of Social Security says that a 1%
error rate is too high.  With either 43 million or 50
million monthly checks -- she invoked both figures on
separate occasions -- either 430,000 or 500,000 phone
calls would hit the branch offices within days.  It would
overload the SSA's system, she says.  (Her estimate is
just for month one.  What if these complaints all not
taken care of, and another 1% error rate happens again
next month?  SSA will get a cascading effect -- noise,
confusion, and telephone busy signals.  Shutdown!)
     Medicare expects to pay a billion claims in 2000.
What percentage of errors would overwhelm the system,
assuming the system doesn't shut down on Jan. 1, 2000?
     But the manager who is speaking with you -- think of
him as Dilbert's boss's boss -- has not thought about any
of this.  So, he has no idea what constitutes a failed
repair, short of an absolute shutdown.  His job is to
paint a happy-face picture for you and all other
inquirers.  If the company is facing a disaster, he
doesn't want you to find out, assuming that anyone in the
company has warned him, which is doubtful.
     Everyone in the company has an incentive to lie.
Dilbert is paid to write code.  He does not make waves.
Meanwhile, his boss is threatened with getting fired if he
tells senior management, "I can't get this project
finished on schedule.  The system will crash."  The boss
says his team in on schedule.  Who can check up on him to
find out if he's behind schedule?  Nobody in management.
He collects his pay until December 31, 1999, at which time
he turns into Maxwell Smart: "Sorry about that."
     Senior managers desperately want to believe the IT
department, so they don't ask further questions.  They
hope that all their competitors are in the same condition,
which is surely the case.  This is why bond-rating
services have refused to downgrade any organization's
bonds because of Y2K risks.  They're all equally at risk.
     III.  ASSESSING THE ORGANIZATION'S VULNERABILITY
     Here are the Six Fundamental Questions:
     1.   "In what ways is your system is dependent on
          dates?"  (It's is a soft-core version of this:
          "If you fail to fix this, what happens?")
     2.   "When did the company find out about Y2K?"
     3.   "At what stage is the repair: inventory,
          assessment, code-fixing, testing [ha!]?"
     4.   "How many lines of code are in the system?"
     5.   "How many programmers are working on it?"
     6.   "What is your deadline to begin testing?"
     It is a standard estimate that a skilled programmer
with a date-search software tool ("silver bullet") can
correct about 100,000 lines of code a year.  This number
is crucial to your final story.  If you can find out how
many lines of code the organization must correct and the
number of programmers working full-time on the repair, you
can estimate whether there is any chance they will get the
problem fixed.  By this I mean the local computer.  This
does not solve the ultimate problem: integrating a
repaired computer with other computers, which, if not
repaired, or repaired with a different approach, will send
bad data into the first computer, ruining the repair.
(There is no agreed-upon standard for Y2K repairs; every
programming team is on its own, all over the world.)
     Be generous.  Let's say that the programmers are all
hot-shots.  Let's say they can fix on average 10,000 lines
a month.  Multiply this by the number of months left until
the universally agreed-upon date for the beginning of
testing: December 31, 1998.  Then multiply this number by
the number of programmers.  This will tell you if the
outfit has a chance of meeting the deadline for testing.
If the programmers miss the deadline -- and in 85% of all
large-scale code revision projects, they do -- then this
outfit the equivalent of the Titanic.  Do you think that a
program that's at least 500 times more complex than your
word processor can be re-coded by a committee and not
suffer a crash or a major glitch the first time it's run?
They had better test it.  What happens if they don't have
time?  Second, what happens if the test crashes the new
system?  The Jan. 1, 2000 deadline is a brick wall.
     Normally, 40% of a Y2K repair budget must be
allocated for testing.  This means 40% of the time budget
unless proven otherwise.  It may be higher in complex
systems -- above 100 million lines of code.  The spokesman
may tell you the truth about the Y2K discovery date if
he's proud of it: 1995 or early 1996.  Keep thinking
"Social Security."  They found out in 1989, got started on
the repair in 1991, and it's still not compliant.
     "Which stage?"  He may not know at which stage their
repair team is.  If he does know, he may not want to tell
you.  Maybe the programmer in charge will, if he doesn't
think it's privileged information.  So, your goal is to
get the spokesman to turn you over to the senior
programmer -- or, better yet for information purposes, a
subordinate programmer, who probably has no idea of the
sensitivity of the information he possesses.
         IV.  DETOUR: "PACKAGED SOFTWARE SOLUTION"
     I don't count these among the 36 questions.  The
spokesman may tell you that they will soon buy a packaged
system.  If you were conducting this interview in 1992,
this might make sense.  Today, it's too late.  Packaged
systems for highly complex, highly customized software are
very expensive to buy and very time-consuming to
implement.  A packaged system is no panacea today.
     The problem is this: How can they port their old data
and operations to the new, date-compliant software?  This
job takes years.  (Some consultants say that it's now too
late to repair code in the old systems.  I'm of this
opinion.  But is there enough time to design and implement
a replacement system?  Management hasn't a clue.)
     He may tell you that they are switching to a
client/server system.  Ask how much the old system cost.
Unfortunately, he may have no idea.  The new system had
better cost at least five times as much, given the
difference in prices (inflation).  If the new figure isn't
at least five times higher than the old one, the company
doesn't understand the magnitude of the complexity of the
old system and the difficulty of switching.  (On this
point, I was advised by Cory Hamasaki, a full-time Y2K
programmer.  For his voluminous Web postings, as well as
his humor, search "Hamasaki" on  )
[Side Note: in a July 2, 1997, letter to me, Hamasaki
reported on the U.S. government's present Y2K status.  He
lives near Washington.  "Everywhere I checked last year,
they said that they were either working on it or had
solved the problem.  This year, the same places are saying
that it'll be tough, but they're having meetings and are
doing their planning.  What will they say next year?  I
expect that they will finally be past denial, and the
screaming and scape goating will begin."]
     If he says they plan to outsource the job to India or
Ireland, ask: "Do you have a contract with the software
repair company yet?"  These companies are now booked up or
are close to it.  The shortage of mainframe programmers is
real, though not yet an insurmountable problem.  It will
become insurmountable in 1999.  A WASHINGTON POST story
predicts a U.S. shortage of 500,000 to 700,000.  Another
estimate places England's at 300,000.  (I have posted this
information on my Web site under "Too Late?")
     If the company has "outsourced" the project, request
an interview with the contracting firm's project manager.
If he says no, then you're onto something.  But if you
can't get additional information, the interview will be
much harder.  You will have to interview the person inside
the local outfit who serves as the technical liaison.
           V.  HOW TO GET ACCESS TO A PROGRAMMER
     After you ask the spokesman about the date they
discovered the problem, ask him a technical question that
seems to be important to you, but which is actually
designed to get him to let you get your interview with a
programmer.  I suggest this question:
     7.   "Which method of dealing with the problem
          have you chosen: encapsulation, windowing,
          or expansion?"
     He won't know.  It's a purely technical question.
Nobody with decision-making capacity in management would
know the answer.  So, his ego isn't involved if he says he
doesn't know the answer.  You must now press politely but
firmly him allow you to interview a programmer.
     What if he asks why you want to know?  Answer: "So
that I can estimate how their repair will integrate with
the repairs made by other firms in your industry."
     You do, in fact, need to know this.  This, in fact,
is the crucial Y2K issue.  Any repair of one system that
fails to integrate with the industry's other newly
repaired systems will either: (1) kick the local computer
out of the system or (2) bring down the whole system.  If,
for example, the banks don't get together on their fixes,
you and I will not be getting paid for our brilliant
writing skills in 2000 and beyond.  (Sad, but true.)
     If the spokesman thinks you're interested mainly in
techie-type information, he may leave you alone with a
programmer.  That's your goal.  If he insists on being in
attendance, you must ask questions that seem to be merely
technical, but which will get the programmer to tell you
facts that will enable you to estimate whether the
organization is going to make it.
                VI.  YOU AND THE PROGRAMMER
     The lower on the hierarchy he is, the less he knows
about what constitutes sensitive information.  Even if the
PR flak knows, he may be hesitant to tell the guy to shut
up.  He may not want to appear to be stonewalling.
     The more information you can get early, the less
vulnerable you'll be to a "no further questions"
announcement.  That's why your early questions should be
more technical.  They will seem innocuous.
     Ask the programmer about windowing, expansion, and
encapsulation.  The guy will know.  Ask him why they
adopted their approach.  The answer may or may not be
comprehensible.  Let him talk.  It loosens his tongue.
(OK, OK: loosens HER tongue.  This is no time to worry
about political correctness.)  He's in his element.
     8.   Ask to see some of the code.  It will be
          gobbledegook to you.  But ask to see it.
     9.   Ask the guy to tell you what he has to do to
          change a date.  Sit next to him at his screen
          and watch how he does it.  This will give you an
          education.  Also, it puts him in his element.
          He's more relaxed.  He's in charge.  Meanwhile,
          the spokesman is as clueless as you are.
     If possible, conduct the rest of the interview while
the programmer is staring at his screen.  It will give him
confidence.  Look at his screen or your notebook as much
as you can.  A lot of eye contact may make him nervous.
     You're after information about the number of lines of
code in the system.  Ask him:
     10.  "Would you have adopted either of the other
          approaches if you had been facing a system
          with fewer lines of code?"
     Let him talk code.  He feels more secure.  Then ask:
     11.  "How many lines of code are in the system?"
     If the spokesman doesn't intervene here, you've got a
story.  If it's 5 million lines or more, the outfit is in
big trouble.  It's a huge, complex system.
     Now you want to find out how many programmers are
working on it full-time.  Ask (12).  He might even tell
you.  Next:
     13.  "When did you begin the actual code
          repair?"
     If he says that they're still in the assessment or
inventory stage, this outfit is dead.  Management just
doesn't know it yet.  Any programming team that is not
actively repairing code today will be incapable of
finishing the job by 2000.  You will want to visit my Web
site for confirmation.  Read the California White Paper.
     Once you have the Six Fundamental Questions answered,
you can begin to evaluate the company's actual condition.
The spokesman may not know how to put all this information
together.  In fact, he probably doesn't know.  He may not
even see what you're up to when you ask about which stage
the repair is in.  If he does, he may invoke "proprietary
information."  Keep going: you're now after "no comments."
           VII.  ASSESSING THE TASK'S COMPLEXITY
     14.  "I've heard that there are more languages
          embedded in a system than just COBOL.  How
          many have you come across?
     Some systems will have 20 other languages.  Assembler
is one of the monsters.  Find out if any of the system is
written in Assembler.  (Most of the IRS's system is in
Assembler.  The IRS told Congress in June of 1997 that it
needs $258 million in 1998 to repair its system.  The IRS
may not get this money, given its admission in January,
1997, of its 11-year, $4 billion failure to consolidate
its system into one.  Interesting?)  Then ask:
     15.  "How difficult will it be to keep all of
          the languages and programs in this system
          to remain integrated after you've made the
          necessary date changes in the code?
     One major problem is the compiler: a piece of
software that fits all parts of the system together.  The
compiler that the original programmer used to build the
system was not designed to handle 4-digit dates.  It may
not have been updated -- in fact, probably has not been
updated.  The company that made it may be out of business.
So, if he mentions "compiler," pursue the matter, but
don't mention it first.  Remember, you're ignorant.
     Now go for the jugular.  You must play the "please
help me to understand all this" role.  You just don't
understand.  You had better hope that the flak doesn't
either, if he's still sitting in the room.
     What you're after here is information regarding the
vulnerability of this organization.  Which kind of dates
can blow up the system and why?  He won't tell you if he
thinks you're looking for bombs, but he'll tell a whole
lot if he thinks he's your new-found mentor.
     If you're looking at the screen or a print-out of
indecipherable code, look helpless.  Always look helpless.
You may even ask the spokesman to sit closer.  Let this
become a joint-learning experience.
     16.  "You use dates in your computer software
          and in old data records.  How do you or
          your software tools find them?"
     He probably won't volunteer that there are hidden
dates in the system's programs.  Dates are hidden in
subroutines that his "silver bullet" can't find.  Finding
these is a very difficult, time-consuming task.  Ask:
     17.  "Can the tool you use automatically find
          every date in the code?"
     It can't.  There is no such thing as a true silver
bullet.  This is why the task is so painstaking.
     18.  "How do you spot dates if they're not visible?"
     Find out.  He may tell you about the screwball names,
such as some old girlfriend's first name, that the
original programmer used to identify his clever,
undocumented code.  I emphasize "undocumented."  Ask:
     19.  "Do you have the original documentation in
          front of you when you do the search?"
     If he says the company doesn't have it (which is
probably the case), you've hit pay dirt.  Don't let your
face show it.  Say, "Boy, that must make your work hard."
It does.  Let him whine about it a bit.  Next:
     20.  "I'm having trouble understanding all this.
          Am I interpreting this correctly?  Is the
          problem that all of these dates are stored
          as mm/dd/yy or in any other combination
          that has yy instead of yyyy?"
     This is indeed the problem.  The fate of the world's
economy hinges on the solution to it.  Then ask:
     21.  "If your dates are not already in the yyyy
          format, do you have to go in and add the
          extra 2 digits, line by line, through the
          entire system, including all of the old
          data files?"
     Let him explain this to you.  Then. . . .
     22.  "Is it true that when you rewrite a single
          line of code, this can have unpredictable
          repercussions in other parts of the
          system?"
     Here is the terrifying truth -- a truth that
literally threatens the survival of our economy.  If a
programmer makes a date change in one line of code, this
can have unforeseen repercussions -- always bad --
anywhere else in the system.  This is why final testing is
crucial.  It is also why final testing will crash many
systems.  Then the team will have to start over: search
all of the lines of code for non-date anomalies (no date-
locating silver bullet tool can help here), rewrite the
affected code, and test again.  The system may crash
again.  It probably will crash again.  Time will be
running out.  All this testing, fixing, and re-testing
must be done in 1999.  This assumes that firms actually
meet the formal deadline for testing: December 31, 1998.
     This is why Chase Manhattan Bank (200m lines of
code), Citicorp (400m lines) and AT&T (500m lines) have
problems.  So do you and I if we expect the economy to
stay afloat after Dec. 31, 1999.
     23.  "If one change can crash the system, do you
          have to check every line of code in every
          program to insure that if a date is being
          used, it can accept the new date format?"
     He had better say yes.  If he says his "silver
bullet" tool can help him do this, fine, but he is still
limited to about 100,000 lines of code a year.  Ask him
how many lines of code he can fix in a year (24).
     Now, you must take him into new worlds where no man
has gone before.
     25.  "How will you test the system after all of
          the dates have been changed?
     He had better tell you by parallel testing: running
data into the original program and the revised one
simultaneously, to see if the revised system crashes.
     26.  "How long will it take to test all this?"
     If he estimates anything under six months, use this
for comparison purposes with other local systems.  The
larger the program, the longer the testing period should
be.  Now, for the killer, the one that is unanswerable:
     27.  "Won't parallel [mirror] testing require
          two times your computer capacity and
          staff?"
     If the spokesman lets him answer this, he has made a
big mistake.  The rule for mainframes is "24 x 7 x 365":
all year long.  These expensive machines are run all day
at 90% capacity except for routine maintenance in non-
prime time.  Here is the Achilles Heel for all of the Y2K
repair hopes: there will not be enough excess computer
capacity -- memory, data tapes, and staff -- to run full
parallel testing if every system that must be fixed is
brought to the testing phase.  On the other hand, if there
is no shortage in capacity, then it's because very few
firms have reached the testing phase.  (This is my bet.)
Finally, if systems aren't tested in 1999, most of them
will crash or act up to the point of uselessness in 2000.
     28.  "Does your firm plan to rent computer time
          in order to run the tests?"
     If he says no, ask how they can do in-house.  If he
says yes, ask this question:
     29.  "Where will you rent the excess capacity in
          1999 if other organizations are also
          looking to rent time on mainframes?"
     By now, the guy knows that you know they can't fix
it, test it, and implement it by 2000.  You've got your
story.  Nevertheless, keep on going if you're allowed to.
     30.  "Companies rely on outside vendors for some
          of their programs.  Have your vendors
          supplied you with Y2K-compliant updates?
     31.  "Most mainframes are not Y2K compliant, and
          currently no PC is.  Will you be replacing
          all of your computer hardware as well as
          your computer software?"
     32.  "Some of the firms that you interact may
          not make the deadline.  What steps will you
          have to take to insure data you get from
          other computers is also Y2K compliant?"
                 VIII.  BACK TO MANAGEMENT
     Now you can go talk to the spokesman back in his
office.  If he let you get this far, he doesn't understand
what you've got.  Move away from discussing his firm.
Discuss the industry.  This lets him relax.
     33.  "About how many suppliers does the typical
          organization in this industry rely on?"
     34.  "Is your firm typical, approximately?"
     35.  "Has the industry discussed contingency
          plans if some of its major suppliers should
          fail to meet the Year 2000 deadline?"
     Last question (36): "Where can I get copies of
anything that the industry has released on Y2K?"  If there
isn't anything, this industry is headed for a disaster.
                        CONCLUSION
     As the year 2000 approaches, this story is going to
move toward the front page of every newspaper.  As yet,
stories on local companies have been mostly tapioca
pudding.  Reporters are accepting at face value the happy-
face, "we're on top of this" PR interviews offered by
local managers.  The articles dutifully report the story:
"Yes, there's a problem, but it's being dealt with by the
[  ] company."  Fact: the only problem being dealt with
successfully the company is the reporter problem.
     If a local public utility goes down and stays down on
January 1, 2000, the days of wine and roses will end in
your community.  The larger your community, the greater
the problem.  It is fair to give people a warning if they
are really at risk.  But if they are at risk, nobody in
authority at the local public utility will want to admit
this.  Deferral has become management's job number-one.
This strategy works because nobody in the media blows the
whistle.  Reporters (as with almost everyone else) are in
denial about Y2K.  Deferral and denial are the Tweedledum
and Tweddledee of the Year 2000 story.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
                     ABOUT THE AUTHOR
     Ph.D., history, U. of California, Riverside.
Contributor,  (1997), edited by Leon
Kappelman.  
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-11 03:36:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Web-sites for Starr's report on Clinton 
FOX News just announced the web-sites which will have Starr's report on Clinton to be posted sometime tomorrow.
I hope I have these all correct!   :0
   Jan
 ******=========================================*****
"Among the elementary measures the American Soviet government
 will adopt to further the cultural revolution are...
 [a] National Department of Education...the studies will be
 revolutionized, being cleansed of religious, patriotic, and
 other features of the bourgeois ideology. The students will
 be taught the basis of Marxian dialectical materialism,
 internationalism and the general ethics of the
 new Socialist society."
     - William Z. Foster,
       Toward Soviet America, 1932
"...Stage III...would proceed to a point where no state would
have the military power to challenge the progressively strengthened U.N. peace force...
The manufacture of armaments would be prohibited...
All other armaments would be destroyed..."     -Department of State publication number 7277
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-11 03:35:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: [FP] Alaska: Nearly 93% of new parents choose Enumeration At Birth (EAB) 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
SCAN THIS NEWS
This article actually ran in '96, but it is worth reviewing.
Press release from Alaska's Department of Health and Social Services
found at: Electronic Birth Certificates and Social Security Cards at Birth Make Life
Easier For Parents
Februrary 6, 1966 (sic)
The Alaska Department of Health and Social Services Bureau of Vital
Statistics reports that the Electronic Birth Certificates (EBC) have been
installed in all but three of Alaska's hospitals. In a little over a two
year time period, the Bureau has gone from no electronic birth certificates
to nearly 99% of all Alaska hospital births coming to the Bureau in
electronic format. "Innumerable man-hours have been saved at both ends of
the registration process," said Al Zangri, Chief of the Bureau. In
addition, in cooperation with state-wide hospitals, the Bureau has
implemented the Social Security Administration's Enumeration At Birth (EAB)
program statewide during 1995. The Enumeration at Birth program allows
parents to request a social security number for their newborn through the
birth registration process. This program has proven to be so popular with
new parents that nearly 93% of all births transmitted to the Bureau request
a social security number.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, Sep. 10, 1998
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-09-11 16:15:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Web sites preparing for Starr report onslaught 
Source:  Fox News - AP
Web sites preparing for Starr report onslaught
 2.42 a.m. ET (642 GMT) September 11, 1998
 By Chris Allbritton, Associated Press
 NEW YORK (AP) - Web surfers hoping to view portions of Independent Counsel
Kenneth Starr's report when it goes online today instead may need to wait
in line.  An expert in high-volume Web sites said millions of Web surfers -
clustered around Web sites like people used to cluster around teletype
machines waiting for the latest dispatches from news wire services -
probably will swamp the government's computers.  "I would imagine a lot of people getting a 'Site Not Available'
(message),'' said J.D. Zeeman, who coordinated IBM's Web site for the
Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan, earlier this year.  At one point, the Olympics site was getting more than 110,000 hits a
minute, Zeeman said.  By Thursday afternoon, the crush of people visiting the House's Web site -
called Thomas - prompted this message: "The Library of Congress is aware of
public statements announcing the availability of the Independent Counsel's
report at this site. As yet, the House of Representatives has taken no
action regarding the public availability of this report.''  A House vote on releasing the report was planned for today.  "The technology exists to handle this kind of load today, but it literally
takes months to get it in place,'' Zeeman said. "Unless they've done
something, I wouldn't imagine they would be adequately prepared.''  A congressional source said the House is adequately prepared, posting the
report on government sites and distributing formatted copies to Web sites
of major newspapers, magazines, The Associated Press and other news
services, and online outlets such as America Online and Yahoo!  The Web has become a popular way to distribute government documents in the
past few years, but the last time a government body tried to release
red-hot documents on the Web, it was a disaster. It was the case of Louise
Woodward, the British au pair accused of murder.  In November 1997, Massachusetts Superior Court Judge Hiller B. Zobel said
he would release on the Web his decision to reduce Woodward's conviction to
manslaughter. Millions on both sides of the Atlantic who had followed the
story eagerly anticipated the first online release of a criminal court
ruling.  But a power outage delayed the ruling for hours, and heavy traffic at Web
sites made it almost impossible for people to read the decision once it was
online.  The foul-up with the Woodward decision, while embarrassing, was not
unique. News sites usually slow down, or even crash, when the always
increasing number of Web surfers rushes online for news. It happened during
the Woodward case, after the death of Princess Diana and during the recent
gyrations of the stock market.  The slowdowns are just the nature of news on the Internet. The parallel is
a newspaper that assigns many reporters to a major story such as the
Oklahoma City bombing, or printing a lengthy report by an independent
counsel.  "I guess when you think of throwing all sorts of reporters on a story,
you're straining resources,'' said Ruth Gersh, editor of AP's multimedia
services. "If you put up the report on the Web, it uses up resources which
we call bandwidth.''  Congressional leaders expect the report to be available this afternoon
through these government Web addresses:  -  -                   (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-11 16:15:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Privacy: Companies admit spying on staff 
Source:  The Age (Australia)
Companies admit spying on staff By LEON GETTLER More than one in two of Australia's largest companies carry out
video surveillance of their employees and the general public, a
survey has found.
The survey revealed that 94 per cent of the companies also
monitored employees' phone conversations, electronic mail and
Internet usage although the focus appeared to be mostly on
volume and frequency rather than content.
For example, 16 per cent monitored phone usage while the
conversations themselves were only monitored by 2 per cent.
Similarly, email usage was monitored by 13 per cent while 6 per
cent of the companies were combing through the actual
messages. Scrutiny of Internet usage would also reveal the web
sites that employees had visited.
The PricewaterhouseCoopers survey found that 65 per cent of
companies regarded monitoring as a normal part of employment
and 85 per had informed their employees that they were being
watched. However, they were often not as forthcoming about
seemingly minor details, like time and place.
PricewaterhouseCoopers information and security partner Mr
Stephen Woolley said there was a better than 50-50 chance that
Australians would be filmed or recorded at some stage during
the day. In the case of the general public, it would be without
their consent.
``As is the practice of companies both here and overseas, this
information will probably go on file for some years,'' Mr
Woolley said.
About half the companies said information gathered in Australia
on customers, employees and the general public was sent
overseas for international data bases.
The study also revealed alarming gaps in the privacy guidelines
of some companies.
Only 35 per cent had formally documented privacy policies in
place and 38 per cent said they did not undertake any
monitoring to ensure compliance with in-house privacy
guidelines. Eight out of 10 organisations did not require staff to
undertake privacy training.
The survey covered 65 of Australia's largest companies spanning
across all major industries including utilities, telecommunications,
natural resources, retail, credit, banking and finance, insurance
and manufacturing.
Based on their total turnover and size of assets, the companies
that responded to the survey would represent more than half of
corporate Australia.
More than one in 10 companies did not inform staff that they
could be monitored.
Published by The Age Online Pty Ltd ACN 069 962 885
(c)1998 David Syme & Co Ltd To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-11 16:14:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: Plans for internet banks in Australia, says Ernst & Young 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
Plans for internet banks in Australia, says Ernst & Young
Sydney, Sept 9 AAP - Offshore and local companies have strategic plans to
establish stand alone
Internet banks in Australia to compete with the existing banking network,
financial services
consultants Ernst & Young said today.
Ernst & Young partner Andrew Keene, who specialises in technology strategy
for financial
institutions, said the international consulting firm was aware of both
overseas and domestic
companies with plans for internet banks.
"There are some plans that we are aware of," Mr Keene told reporters. "I
believe most of the plans
are formative."
He declined to name the companies.
Ernst & Young yesterday released its latest report on technology in banking
and financial services,
with more t0 of the world's largest financial institutions in 26 countries
participating in the seventh
global study.
Entitled Electronic Commerce and Connecting to the Customer, the report
analyses the technology
spending plans of banks, insurance companies, asset management and
brokerage institutions in the
United States, Europe, Asia and Australia.
The report found that technology spending priorities of Australia's
financial institutions to develop
new customer channels have been surpassed by the "more immediate issues" of
mergers and
acquisitions, the millennium bug and the Euro.
Kevin Hall, the national leader of Ernst & Young's Australian financial
services consulting group,
said that the new spending priorities "have meant that spending on the
critical area of improved
customer services has been delayed".
He said that the report found that financial institutions are "anticipating
heavy increases" in
technology spending, with technology budgets rising 14 percent in calendar
1998, tapering off to six
percent by 2001.
"But while spending rates will decline over time, the actual budget amounts
will continue to increase,
with actual budgets project to double between 1992 and 2000," he said.
However, technology budgets are predominantly being spent on mandated
projects such as computer
upgrades to avoid the Year 2000 software date problem.
The survey also found that only 12 percent of Australian institutions
believed that the internet will
help them retain customers and business, compared to 47 percent of US
respondents and 34 percent
of European respondents.
Russell Ives, a data warehouse specialist at the firm, said that Australian
banks view Internet services
such as electronic commerce or e-commerce as cost-saving devices whereas US
banks used it to
"focus on retaining customers".
"The great opportunity that exists for financial institutions in Australia
is to refocus their e-commerce
strategy towards customer retention," said Mr Hall, adding that some
institutions are "unsure how to
use" e-commerce.
Australian financial institutions are also behind their overseas
counterparts in integrating customer
data to develop sophisticated knowledge of customer needs to enhance the
cross-selling of products
and target services.
"Nobody has really integrated its completely," Mr Hall said of Australian
financial institutions.
Mr Ives said that banks have to advance data integration rapidly,
especially when it comes to
refocusing e-commerce strategies on customer retention.
Overseas banks such as Wells Fargo, Bank of Montreal and ING Bank are some
of the leaders in
e-commerce and internet.
"So our conclusion is that the most effective financial institutions will
develop alliances to deliver
electronic commerce," Mr Keene said.
AAP pjg 10/09/98 08-09NZ
(c) New Zealand Press Association
-> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
->  Posted by: jeremy.compton (Jeremy Compton)

@_date: 1998-09-12 17:49:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Clinton's fake apologies 
Jimmy: the "sockpuppets" (as Lucien Goldberg calls them) who
defend clinton on TV (and are probably paid to)
are trying to advance the case that
lying in a civil case is rarely prosecuted, which is true, but has nothing to do with the law. apparently clinton & his
slimy lawyer teammates would tend to reassure all the women, such as Gennifer Flowers as I recall, that they could lie without
consequence in a civil trial.  at least those women whom they
didn't threaten to "break their pretty legs". a capricious
bunch, hmm?
also, there
may be some legal precedent that unless the lying had
to do with the case, it is not relevant to the case
(a reasonable situation I wouldn't be surprised if some
judge ruled)
but there's just no laws, as I understand it, that ever
allow lying under any circumstances, particularly in sitations
such as court hearings, depositions, etc.  in fact it can be
argued our whole legal system breaks down if lying is ever
sanctioned in any way. that's the problem. weasel clinton will always be looking for a loophole. I'm surprised you
gave the slightest credibility to claims that lying is
ever sanctioned under the law. there are a lot of paid-lowlife tentacles making the television circuit
defending clinton, I suspect. you've fallen prey to one of their
arguments.  he would have been trashed
long ago if it weren't for their thick, odious & treacherous
smokescreens, imho. there are a lot more traitors in this
country than Clinton, for sure. they all hang out together,
but few sheeple will ever know.

@_date: 1998-09-13 22:30:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Y2K: 316,862 Reasons Why FedReserve Won't Make It 
North's Comments about Article Below:
 In June, 1998, a pair of experts -- one is a y2k optimist -- produced a
report on the likelihood of system-wide failures based on the number of
external exchanges of data an organization has. It is called the
Beach/Oleson Pain Index. (Oleson is the optimist; Beach edits CIO
MAGAZINE.) BUSINESS TODAY reported:  "The Beach/Oleson Pain Index illustrates how the Y2K software glitch is
further compounded by connectivity to external organizations, such as
suppliers, customers, banks and other business partners."  There is a 10.4% likelihood of catastrophic failure for any organization
with over 1,000 external connections. It is only 0.5% for 50 connections,
1.1% for 100, 5.4% for 500.  The Federal Reserve System, the most important of all central banks, has
316,862.  This is from a July 1, 1998 report of the General Accounting Office of the
U.S. Congress.  The report outlines what every organization must do to protect itself from
importing noncompliant data. This list is long, and the task is gigantic.
Congressional committees should insist on receiving detailed quarterly
progress reports on these procedures from the Federal Reserve. Of course,
no elected official would be so bold or so impolite as to ask, let alone
demand. To ask such questions, the questioner would have to assume that
Congress has effective authority over the Federal Reserve, as the law says.
No Congressman who has served over one term is so naive as to believe that.  * * * * * * * * *  Federal agencies reported that they have a total of almost 500,000 data
exchanges with other federal agencies, states, local governments, and the
private sector for their mission-critical systems. Almost 90 percent of the
exchanges were reported by the Federal Reserve and the Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) which reported having 316,862 and
133,567, respectively. The Federal Reserve exchanges data with federal
agencies and the private sector using software it provides to these
entities. . . .  As part of their Year 2000 correction efforts, organizations must identify
the date formats used in their data exchanges, develop a strategy for
dealing with exchanges that do not use 4-digit year formats, and implement
the strategy. These efforts generally involve the following steps.  -- Assess information systems to identify data exchanges that are not Year
2000 compliant.  -- Contact the exchange partner and reach agreement on the date format to
be used in the exchange.  -- Determine if data bridges and filters are needed.  -- Determine if validation processes are needed for incoming data.  -- Set dates for testing and implementing new exchange formats.  -- Develop and test bridges and filters to handle nonconforming data.  -- Develop contingency plans and procedures for data exchanges and
incorporate into overall agency contingency plans.  -- Implement the validation process for incoming data.  -- Test and implement new exchange formats.  The testing and implementation of new data exchanges must be closely
coordinated with exchange partners to be completed effectively. In addition
to an agency testing its data exchange software, effective testing involves
end-to-end testing--initiation of the exchange by the sending computer,
transmission through intermediate communications software and hardware, and
receipt and acceptance by receiving computer(s), thus completing the
exchange process. . . .  The Federal Reserve has 2-digit and 4-digit year formats in its data
exchanges. It plans to use 4-digit formats for all exchanges in the future,
but will continue using the 2-digit year format for some exchanges and have
exchange partners bridge to these if necessary. Federal Reserve's Year 2000
officials estimated that 20 percent of their data exchanges have 2-digit
year formats. They also told us that they have not set a target date for
the conversion to 4-digit year formats. . . .
NOTE: In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed without profit or payment to those who have expressed a prior
interest in receiving this information for non-profit research and
educational purposes only. For more information go to:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-13 22:30:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: British Openly Prepare for Y2K Martial Law 
Source:  Category:  Martial_Law
 Comment:  The British government is way ahead of every other nation in facing up to
the implications of y2k.  It is obvious the the U.S. military is preparing for martial law in late
1999, but no official publicly admits that this is the case.  The British are more forthright.  This is from THE INDEPENDENT (Sept. 11). [The link was dead within hours.]  * * * * * * * *  TROOPS may be on the streets in the year 2000 under emergency Home Office
plans to maintain vital services which could be crippled by the millennium
computer bug.  Armed forces will be on standby to help councils and police provide
disaster relief if key infrastructures such as hospitals, water supplies
and roads are hit by the electronic change.  The Home Office confirmed yesterday that local authorities are being
encouraged to draw up contingency plans to deal with the "nightmare
scenario" of failed traffic lights, disabled water pumping stations, fuel
shortages and other disrupted services.  The bug, which represents the inability of most computers and electronic
systems to deal with the change of date from 1999 to 2000, could also hit
vital equipment in hospitals, lifts, benefits payments and phone lines.  Most computer experts believe that major failures are unlikely, but
councils, which have a statutory duty to provide emergency relief, have
been told to prepare for the worst. They will be allowed to use the Armed
Forces Military Aid to Civil Authorities Act to call in emergency help. . . .  Rail, telecommunications, gas and electricity regulators were joined by
BT, Shell, Transco and Trailtrack to agree ways to reassure the public that
their computers were being adapted to avoid the bug. . . .  In one key sanction, BT and Cable and Wireless have been told they will be
given the power to disconnect firms that corrupt phone connections. . . .  Home Secretary Jack Straw is ultimately responsible for emergency planning
as chairman of a body called the Civil Contingencies Committee. The Home
Office Emergency Planning Division will meet this month to firm its own
proposals. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-13 23:06:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Impeachment Petition 
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-13 22:30:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Germ sabotage scare empties city buildings-Australia 
Source:  The Australian	
Germ sabotage scare empties city buildings
 The Courier-Mail - 12sep98
POLICE are investigating a possible attempt to sabotage a Brisbane city
building by putting the potentially deadly legionella bacteria in the
A canister suspected of containing the bacteria was found in the water
cooling system for the Mercantile Mutual building's air- conditioning unit
on Thursday.
Police suspect the canister was placed there deliberately because recent
routine tests on the Edward Street building's air-conditioning showed no
sign of the deadly bacteria in its system.
Det Snr-Sgt Bryan Paton said the maintenance company responsible for the
unit had not seen the canister when it previously checked the water cooling
"There is an indication that the device has been put in the water
deliberately and there is a concern there may have been some legionella
bacteria in the device and we have to wait for those results," Sgt Paton said.
"It wasn't a threat to the public or anybody and the air-conditioning
system has since been decontaminated but the concern is that someone has
done it deliberately. "At this stage we are treating it very seriously."
Police also are investigating how someone got access to the
air-conditioning unit. The canister sparked a mass evacuation of another
city building yesterday when it was delivered there by mistake. Maintenance workers delivered the canister to the Mercantile Mutual
building managers, whose offices are in the MLC building. The MLC building, in George Street, was evacuated about 2pm yesterday when
the canister, sealed in a metal container, was discovered by office staff.
Police and fire and ambulance crews were called to the scene and two
Queensland Fire Service officers wearing protective clothing removed the
The building was declared safe 90 minutes later and staff returned to work.
Insp John Flanagan said the evacuations were a precautionary measure and
the canister had been taken to the Government Chemical Laboratory for
The company responsible for managing the MLC building refused to comment,
but a staff member said the scare had been blown out of proportion.
The bacteria needs a moist environment to develop into the water-borne
legionnaires' disease which can cause pneumonia, fever and death.
The disease is contracted by inhaling air contaminated by air-conditioning
cooling towers, or through whirlpool spas and showers containing
contaminated water.
The Australian upper limit for legionella bacteria in air- conditioning is
a colony count of 10,000. The Mercantile Mutual building had a colony count
of 2000. Sgt Paton said police did not know the reason for the possible sabotage and
no demands or threats had been made. "People maintaining the
air-conditioning units in other buildings should be aware of this and
ensure all proper precautions are made," Sgt Paton said.
Brisbane Southside Public Health Unit medical officer Brad McCall said
legionella was a very common bacterium found in creeks, ponds,
air-conditioning cooling towers and hot and cold water taps.
(c) News Limited 1998
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-13 22:30:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Two Reporters Attacked at Governor's Rally* 
Quantum Reality News Two Reporters Attacked at Governor's Rally*
Bush's Rally at the Du Pont Factory in Round Rock Texas were
assaulted and silenced from questioning Gov. Bush, while asking
pertinent questions.  Questions specifically about the CFR and
Federal Reserve involvement in Texas and the US.  No response was
given and orders were immediately given to the Secret Service and
Texas DPS, to remove the reporters.
 Alex Jones Alex "Talk Radio Show Host for KJFK 98.9
FM" [ Austin and Central Texas and "Republic National
Radio Broadcasting System" and his Producer Mike Hansen of the Austin
Access TV Show "Exposing Corruption" Channel 10 ACTV were grabbed and
roughed up and removed from the rally by force.  Alex Jones was
forceably arrested and taken away and later released by a radio call
to the police unit.  The radio transmission instructed the officers
to release Alex Jones.  Governor Bush had ordered his release
stating, they had nothing to hold him on.  Mike Hansen while filming
the incident was hit from behind in an attempt to break his camera. The blow thrown from behind nearly knocked Hansen off his feet.  Mike
Hansen was not near the scuffle or in the area, he was filming from a
distance.  Both men received injuries.
forceable abridged by the Secret Service and DPS agents but their
questions were ignored, questions that are very important to voters. Evidentially these questions, that many of Governor Bush's
constituents are asking, were not address by our Governor, and
possible President hopeful.  The Question were about the Federal
Reserve control of our currency and it's role in the perpetuation of
oppressive debt in our country.  The active part the CFR (Council on
Foreign Relations) are playing in the take over and control of our
Country and their role in movement toward the New World Order.
Governor Bush has been talking about in his campaign advertisements. Why were these citizens attacked?  Why were these questions so
offensive?  A Public Servant should be able to stay cool and have an
interest in all of his constituents and all their concerns.  If our
leadership will not calmly answer honest questions, it leads us as
responsible informed voters to ask questions of ourselves.  Why
aren't all of Governor Bush's constituents concerns and views
addressed?  Are special interest views and concerns, more valid or
more important than the majority of people and voters?  Is our
leadership truly representing "We the People" if they have someone
removed that asks a controversial question?
reporter: Randy Clark/Quantum Reality
You are currently subscribed to tuac-alerts as: [vols-fan
To unsubscribe, forward this message to leave-tuac-alerts-184675B
--------- End forwarded message ----------
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-13 22:30:45
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Vote on Clinton 
Dear Friends:
      MSNBC has a poll asking whether Clinton should go!  Right now its
yes and 30% No.  Please go and vote.  Lets tell Clinton where he gets
There was  117904 responses.
 To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-16 01:57:14
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: National ID Cards- world wide phenomenon 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
 dcard/"
National ID Cards
Many countries are actively considering adopting national id cards for a
variety of functions. These
include the United States, United Kingdom and Canada. Over the past seven
years, Privacy International
has been at the forefront of opposing these proposals in a number of
countries including Australia, New
Zealand, the Phillippines, Thailand, the United Kingdom and the United States.
These pages are an attempt to bring together materials based on PI members'
experiences on opposing
the proposals. While each jurisdictions may have local variations, the
themes remain remarkably similar
no matter where the proposals are heard. Our intention here is to discuss
the evidence at an international
level and to promote debate about the claims made about such card systems.
Privacy International Materials
       Privacy International's ID Card FAQ. Frequently Asked Questions
report on id cards. (7000 words)
       Campaigns of Opposition to ID Cards. A review and analysis of the
successful campaign to kill the Australia
       Card in 1987.
       Personal views from around the world on ID cards.
The UK Government ID Card Proposal
       The UK ID card proposal was quietly set aside in 1996.
       UK Home Office Green Paper "Identity Cards - A Consultation"
       Home Office press release on id cards, 24 January 1996.
       Central Computer and Telecommunications Agency report, Smart cards:
Opportunities for public sector
       applications.
       Response of the Data Protection Registrar to the Government's
proposals for Identity Cards.
       The Green Paper on Identity Cards: A response from the Centre for
Computing and Social Responsibility by
       Simon Rogerson.
       "Identity Crisis: why ID cards are a solution looking for a problem"
by Liz Parratt from Liberty.
       "IDENTITY CARDS: Data protection implications" by Chris Pounder,
Data Protection News (UK).
       State of the Nation articles on national ID cards.
       Social, Legal and Professional Aspects of Computing ID Cards.
       "Britain Discussing National ID Card System", Newsbytes, 03/28/95.
Other Reports and Materials
       "TOUCHING BIG BROTHER: How biometric technology will fuse flesh and
machine" by Simon Davies.
       "Smart Cards: Big Brother's Little Helpers" by The Privacy Committee
of New South Wales, Australia.
       Chip-Based ID: Promise and Peril by Rober Clarke, Australian
National Univeristy.
       Human Identification in Information Systems: Management Challenges
and Public Policy Issues by Roger
       Clarke.
       Identification, Anonymity and Pseudonymity in Consumer Transactions:
A Vital Systems Design and Public
       Policy Issue by Roger Clarke.
       1991 Hungarian Supreme Court decision stricking down use of ID numbers.
       Smart Card Magazine, The Birth of Smart Cards: 1980.
       Electronic Privacy Information Center's pages on current national ID
card proposals in the United States.
News Stories
       TORONTO STAR, February 9th, 1996; Lead Editorial: HARRIS SHOULD
SCRAP UNIVERSAL ID
       CARD.
       `Smart cards' will soon be approved, says health policy committee by
chairperson by TOM ARNOLD, The
       Edmonton Journal.
       Canadian Privacy boss raps ID cards, The Canadian Press, July 15, 1995.
       Privacy commissioner in the dark about ID cards: Wants controls put
on access, The Vancouver Province,
       September 27, 1995.
       AsiaWeek, ID Cards Introduced in Philippines.
       Greece to Demand Religion on National ID Cards, 2 May 1993.
       Unisys press release on Spain national ID card project.
Return to Privacy International's Home Page
Last updated July 16, 1997.
-> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
->  Posted by: jeremy.compton (Jeremy Compton)

@_date: 1998-09-16 01:57:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: (Fwd) Radio Show on CIA 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
THE EXPERT WITNESS RADIO SHOW
WBAI  New York City
99.5  FM
 212-209-2800 (voice mail Host: Michael Levine, 25 Year veteran federal agent and author of NY Times
bestseller "DEEP COVER" - (just optioned for movie) "THE BIG WHITE LIE" -The
fact-based thriller (now in paperback), THE TRIANGLE OF DEATH, based on
actual, never-before-revealed events from CIA's hunt for mind control drugs  WEB SITES:
 - Past  radio shows may be downloaded free of
charge; includes books, photos and opinion articles.   -  includes the ability
to order tapes of the old shows, at cost, $8 per show.
FIGHT BACK ANTI-DRUG PROGRAM:
 TUESDAY EVENING, 7-8pm, Septeber 15, 1998,  on WBAI, 99.5 FM in NYC, the
Expert Witness Radio Show will feature a discussion with journalists Alexander
Cockburn and Jeffrey St. Clair about their recent book "WHITEOUT"-a powerful
and well documented analysis of CIA's manipulation of mainstream media to
cover up massive "Three Stooges" ineptitude and criminality.
 The show will be rebroadcast a week later on the Roy Tuckan Show, KPFK, Los
Angeles, CA, and then archived on the above listed web sites.
-> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
->  Posted by: "Steve Wingate"

@_date: 1998-09-16 01:57:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: DNA-Powered Computers: Patent Received 
Source:  New York Times
September 14, 1998
Solve Computer Problems With DNA
By TERESA RIORDAN
Four years ago, Dr. Leonard Adleman raised the exciting possibility of
DNA-powered supercomputers when he wrote in the journal Science that he had
solved a computational problem essentially by stirring up some DNA in a
test tube, using building blocks of DNA as computing symbols. The technique, in concept, involves the use of DNA -- strands of genetic
code -- as a stand-in for computer software code. Adleman, a professor at the University of Southern California, set up his
problem by synthesizing DNA in a certain sequence and then letting DNA
molecules react in a test tube so they ultimately produce a molecule
whose sequence is the answer to the problem. He used the chemical units of DNA rather than electronic 1s and 0s to solve
a single, relatively simple problem: figuring out the shortest distance
someone would have to travel to visit a number of different cities --
similar to a standard math problem referred to as the "traveling salesman
tour problem." But last week Dr. Warren Smith and Dr. Allan Schweitzer, two scientists at
the NEC Research Institute in Princeton, N.J., received what appears to be
the first patent covering a DNA computing process that at least
theoretically can solve not just a single problem but a broad array of
problems, just as a conventional desktop computer might. The patent describes a way to concoct a vat of DNA molecules that have been
manipulated by standard biotechnology techniques -- such as the cutting,
splicing and growing of DNA strands -- to behave like
miniature computers.  All these molecular-size computers would operate in parallel, with each one
exploring different possible computational paths to solve a problem,
potentially speeding up computing time greatly. The patent details a way to use genetic material to construct a large
number of what are called Turing machines, all running in parallel, with
each exploring different possible computational paths. (A Turing machine is
a theoretical construct, first proposed in 1937 by the British computer
scientist Alan Turing, that provides the schematic outline upon which
digital computers are based.) Despite the new patent, Smith does not sound optimistic these days about
the patented technique. "Some of the DNA molecules do the right step," he said in an interview,
describing the process. "But then some other fraction just dissolve and get
flushed down the drain." This and other problems lead to an exponential buildup in errors during the
calculations. In addition, the operations of this DNA computing so far are
slow-going, taking hours. "This does appear to be the first patent to issue in this area," said David
Waltz, an NEC vice president. "But will this be the basis of a new
industry, and will everyone have to take out a license on it in the future?
That's not so clear." Smith and Schweitzer received patent number 5,804,373. Patents are available by number for $3 from the Patent and Trademark
Office, Washington, D.C. 20231.  Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-16 02:14:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: [FP] FW: Arkansas: Digital/Biometric Drivers License System 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
[forwarded message]
Source:  PR Newswire
Viisage Technology, Inc. to Provide Statewide Digital Drivers License
System In Arkansas
    LITTLETON, Mass., Sept. 14 /PRNewswire/ -- Viisage Technology, Inc.
(Nasdaq: VISG), a leader in the emerging field of biometrics technology and
in providing digital identification systems and solutions, has been awarded
a $10.4 million contract by the State of Arkansas to provide a new digital
drivers license system with 158 locations across the State.
    Mike Munns, Arkansas Administrator of Driver Services, said, "We
conducted a comprehensive process to identify the best system value for
Arkansas drivers while seeking to improve the quality of service in our
offices and obtain the best technology available.  Viisage not only met
these requirements, they also demonstrated an understanding of our needs
and a commitment to be a true partner in this important project."
    Tom Colatosti, Viisage Vice President and COO, said, "We are pleased
about the opportunity to partner with the Arkansas Office of Driver
Services to provide Arkansas drivers with leadership technology and the
most secure licenses available.  The Arkansas contract will be managed by
the company's systems integration and identification card division that was
established in May 1998 when the company reorganized to create separate
systems integration and biometrics divisions.  This contract increases the
company's market share in the drivers license business and will contribute
to the growth and profitability of the systems integration and
identification card division."
    Bob Hughes, Viisage President and CEO, said, "The biometrics division
will continue to raise capital and invest profits, as needed, to develop
its unique facial recognition technology and products.  These products will
be sold through channels, including the company's systems integration
division, for identification, verification, security and other biometric
applications. Biometrics technology and, in particular, Viisage's facial
recognition technology are receiving intense interest from many market
segments.  Viisage seeks to achieve long term growth and profitability by
penetrating these new markets and developing products to meet market needs."
    With the Arkansas contract, Viisage systems provide more than 100
million digital identification cards under contracts for drivers license
programs in Arizona, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Mexico, North
Carolina, Ohio and Wisconsin, and for social services programs in
Connecticut, Massachusetts and New York.  Other Viisage projects include
voter registration programs in Jamaica and the Philippines and programs
with the Ohio Department of Corrections and the U.S. Department of
Treasury's Immigration and Naturalization Service.  Viisage also has
the world's largest facial recognition database with projects in
Massachusetts and Illinois.
    Viisage is a leading provider of digital identification systems and
solutions intended to improve personal convenience and security, deter
fraud and reduce identification program costs.  The company combines its
systems integration and software design capabilities with its proprietary
software and hardware products to create custom solutions in a wide range
of applications that can include national ID's, drivers licenses, law
enforcement, voter registration, social services, access control and
information, healthcare, financial services and retail. Viisage has also
devoted significant resources to become a leader in the emerging field
of biometrics with particular emphasis on patented facial recognition
technology for real-time and large database identification and verification
of individuals.  Viisage can be found on the World Wide Web at
    This news release may contain forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties.  Forward-looking statements in this document and
those made from time to time by the Company through its senior management
are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements concerning
future plans or results are necessarily only estimates and actual results
could differ materially from expectations.  Certain factors that could
cause or contribute to such differences include, among other things,
potential fluctuations in quarterly results, the size and timing of award
and performance on contracts, dependence on large contracts and a limited
number of customers, lengthy sales and implementation cycles, changes in
management estimates incident to accounting for contracts, availability and
cost of key components, market acceptance of new or enhanced products and
services, proprietary technology and changing technology, competitive
conditions, system performance, management of growth, dependence on key
personnel and general economic and political conditions and other factors
affecting spending by customers.
SOURCE Viisage Technology, Inc.
Web Site: (c)1998 PR Newswire.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 1998 9:51 AM
-> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
->  Posted by: "ScanThisNews"  (by way of jeremy.compton (Jeremy Compton))

@_date: 1998-09-16 02:14:46
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: [FP] FW: Want to Travel? Not W/O Your Biometric Passport 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
SCAN THIS NEWS
[forwarded message]
US Takes Immigration in Hand
by Theta Pavis
Sep 15, 1998
It's been 44 years since Ellis Island closed shop, but immigration
can still be a long, tiresome process. In an effort to speed the
process for international travelers, the US Immigration and
Naturalization Service is offering a biometric system for willing
frequent flyers.
So far, 71,000 people in six airports have signed up for the
system, called INSPASS. It employs a biometric kiosk to scan and
match the geometric dimensions of travelers' hands, verify their
identities, and perform standard background checks. The INS plans
to expand the program to four additional airports by the end of the
"It creates a fast lane for people," said James Wayman, head of the
federally funded National Biometric Test Center at San Jose
State University.
The kiosks were integrated by EDS, which has had a US$300 million
contract with the INS for automation support and software
development since 1994. This summer, the INS awarded a new,
five-year information-technology contract worth $750 million
to EDS and four other companies.
Ann Cohen, an EDS vice president in the government services group,
said the fact that so many people have signed up for the
INSPASS system shows that biometrics are becoming more popular
and could be commonplace in the future.
"Were getting over that 'Big Brother' hurdle," Cohen said. As
e-commerce develops and terrorism grows, biometrics increasingly
are the "only sure way to get security."
US and Canadian citizens flying overseas on business at least three
times a year are eligible for the free INSPASS program. People
from Bermuda and 26 other countries that have visa-waiver agreements
with the United States are also eligible.
The INSPASS kiosks, which look like ATM machines, were recently
installed at the Los Angeles International Airport, where more
than 1,000 people have enrolled in the program. Rico Cabrera, a
spokesman with the INS Los Angeles regional office, said travelers
like the fact that INSPASS can check their identity in 16 to 60
seconds, a process that can take up to three hours at some airports.
The largest group of INSPASS users at LAX are US citizens, followed by
Australians and New Zealanders.
After filling out a one-page form and passing a background check,
travelers can be issued a Port Pass card with their picture and a
12-number ID on it.
A traveler inserts the card in the kiosk, which reads the ID
number and links to a centralized database run by US Customs. A
geometric hand template is called up from the database and
transferred to the kiosk. After a green light flashes, the right
hand is placed on a reflective surface -- the ID-3D Handkey,
made by Recognition Systems. The HandKey uses a video camera to
take a geometric image of the traveler's hand and fingers, and
the data is converted using compression algorithms. If it matches
the template of the hand stored in the database, the traveler is in.
INSPASS kiosks are also in use at airports in Newark, Miami,
Kennedy (New York), Pearson (Toronto), and Vancouver, British
Columbia. The INS eventually plans to install them at most busy
international airports around the country, including Washington,
San Francisco, Seattle, and Honolulu. The department has geared
the programtoward business travelers, diplomats, airline personnel,
and other "low-risk" visitors.
Some argue that the INS hasn't done enough to market the program.
Jeffrey Betts, WorldWide Solution Manager for IBM -- which
has developed FastGate, a kiosk similar to INSPASS -- said people
aren't enrolling fast enough in the INS system.
International arrivals at airports across the globe are growing every
year by 7 to 10 percent, Betts said, but border control resources
are flat or declining. In 1996, some 65,000 people were enrolled
in the INSPASS program, but the program has added just 6,000 new
users since then.
IBM, which has been running a small pilot program of FastGate in
Bermuda for the past year, is building a system where people can
swipe a credit card through a kiosk at the airport and connect with
a database where the biometrics are stored.
"Governments will have to find ways to do more with less or force
travelers to queue like cattle," Betts said.
While the government plans on marketing INSPASS more aggressively
in the future, Schmidt said, INS is counting on word of mouth
to get new people enrolled. "We don't really have the budget for
a huge marketing campaign," she said.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 1998 5:09 PM
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-09-16 23:13:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: U.S. Patent Programmable subcutaneous visible implant 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
United States Patent
 Singer, et. al.
Jun. 17, 1997
Programmable subcutaneous visible implant
                                              Abstract
A subcutaneous implant for displaying various re-programmable information
or decorative patterns beneath the surface of the skin of a person or an
animal. A biologically inert subcutaneous implant is constructed of a
flexible material so as to conform to the skin's surface. The subcutaneous
implant includes a battery for providing power to the implant. The
subcutaneous implant also includes a receiver for receiving programming
information from a user, and a display for displaying the programming
information through the skin.
 Inventors:
           Singer; Andrew J. (Palo Alto, CA); White; Sean (San Francisco, CA).
 Assignee:
           Interval Research Corporation (Palo Alto, CA).
 Appl. No.:
           477,096
 Filed:
           Jun. 7, 1995
 Intl. Cl. :
A61B 19/00
 Current U.S. Cl.:
 Field of Search:
128/897-899, 654
                                 References Cited | [Referenced By]
                                        U.S. Patent Documents
      4,233,964
                             Nov., 1980
                                                 Jefferts et al.
      5,041,826
                             Aug., 1991
                                                 Milheiser
      5,074,318
                             Dec., 1991
                                                 Campbell et al.
      5,205,286
                             Apr., 1993
                                                 Soukup et al.
      5,322,034
                             Jun., 1994
                                                 Willham et al.
      5,324,940
                             Jun., 1994
                                                 Ekstrom
      5,482,008
                             Jan., 1996
                                                 Stafford et al.
Primary Examiner: Cohen; Lee S.
Assistant Examiner: Lacyk; John P.
Attorney, Agent or Firm: Brooks & Kushman
                                   19 Claims, 4 Drawing Figures
-> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
->  Posted by: jeremy.compton (Jeremy Compton)

@_date: 1998-09-16 23:13:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: U S Patent: Identification system 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
United States Patent
 Milheiser
Aug. 20, 1991
Identification system
                                              Abstract
A passive integrated transponder (PIT) is attached to or embedded in an
item to be identified. It is excited via an inductive coupling from an
interrogator. The PIT responds to the interrogator via the inductive
coupling with a signal constituting a
stream of data unique to the identified item. The signal is in the form of
two different frequencies, a shift from one frequency to the second during
a bit cell representing a data "one", and a shift from the second frequency
to the first frequency representing a data "zero". The responsive signal is
then detected and processed for utilization in a data storage or display
 Inventors:
           Milheiser; Thomas A. (Littleton, CO).
 Assignee:
           Destron/IDI Inc. (Boulder, CO).
 Appl. No.:
           481,833
 Filed:
           Feb. 16, 1990
                                   Related U.S. Application Data
    Division of Ser No. 388,761, Aug. 2, 1989, abandoned, which is a
continuation of Ser. No. 165,310, Mar. 8,
    1988, abandoned, which is a division of Ser. No 814,492, Dec. 30, 1985,
Pat. No. 4,730,188, which is a
    continuation-in-part of Ser. No. 580,401, Feb. 15, 1984, abandoned.
 Intl. Cl. :
H04Q 1/00
 Current U.S. Cl.:
                                                               340/825.54;
340/825.69; 375/272; 455/41
 Field of Search:
                                                  340/825.54, 825.55,
825.69, 825.72, 825.34, 825.94, 572;
                                                         455/118, 41;
375/45, 62, 78, 81, 52; 370/53, 112
                                 References Cited | [Referenced By]
                                        U.S. Patent Documents
      3,109,143
                             Oct., 1963
                                                  Gluth
      3,510,779
                             May, 1970
                                                  Klapper
      3,689,885
                             Sept., 1972
                                                  Kaplan et al.
455/41 X
      4,287,596
                             Sept., 1981
                                                  Chari
375/52 X
      4,313,033
                             Jan., 1982
                                                  Walker et al.
370/112 X
      4,368,439
                             Jan., 1983
                                                  Shibuya et al.
375/62 X
      4,388,730
                             Jun., 1983
                                                  Nash et al.
375/81 X
Primary Examiner: Weldon; Ulysses
Attorney, Agent or Firm: Sirr; Francis A., Hancock; Earl C.
                                   14 Claims, 8 Drawing Figures
                                              [USPTO]
-> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
->  Posted by: jeremy.compton (Jeremy Compton)

@_date: 1998-09-16 23:18:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: Satellite offers spy pictures by credit card 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
 <- Looks like a noble effort
[jpfo JFPO Jews for Preservation of Firearms Ownership
"The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer."
--Henry Kissinger
TODAY's COMMUNIQUE
Satellite offers spy pictures by credit card
First a little on the handy...
BIG BROTHER WATCHING
Has anybody thought about the fact why Goverments are pushing the
GSM-Handys so much. More and more people will change over to the "handy"
Handy, not thinking that this system is utterly unsafe.
There are various A5 chips build-in which supposed to encrypt the
conversation between the Handy and the nearby station. This encryption - if
there is any at all - can be switched off and is a 4 Bit Kode which can be
cracked in Minutes.
But the biggest danger was exposed by the (Swiss) Berner Sonntagszeitung
which wrote that the Swisscom - which really belongs to AT&T or another
US-company (a subsidiary of the CIA/MOSSAD) is collecting data from every
GSM-User and the movement of the owner for at least 6 Months
(Bewegungs-Profile). The owner of a GSM Handy can be located with the GPS
(General Position System and Sattelites) within few Meters, no matter if he
uses the Phones or not.
The complete German Text (article) you will find on the Ostara-Website
The question is now what can we do, because the same "big brother" things
are going on everywhere and nobody knows who is exchanging data with whom.
Not only the owner of the GSM will be recorded, but also the telefon Nr. of
the receiver. And this warning goes even more for people using ISDN which
is no problem to hack into.
The Story of the LOTUS-NOTES where the US-Goverment holds the decryption
key is well known by now - hopefully.
If you have to use a Handy, use a anonymous Credit-card Handy where you can
buy the cards in any communication shop with cash (no bankcredit-card).
fwd from:
Satellite offers spy pictures by credit card By Robert Uhlig, Technology
Correspondent Electronic Telegraph UK.
THE first civilian spy satellite will soon allow anyone with a credit card
to peek into a neighbour's garden or a highly secret military base for as
little as engl. Pounds 200,-
EarlyBird 1, the first commercial spacecraft to use recently declassified
spy technology, was successfully launched from a military base in eastern
Russia last week, ending the 40-year monopoly of the world's most advanced
military and intelligence services on gathering high-resolution pictures
from space.
EarthWatch Inc, the satellite's owner, confirmed yesterday that, subject to
a last calibration and alignment test, it was ready to start broadcasting
clandestine pictures from its orbit 295 miles above Earth.
With the exception of the governments of Cuba, North Korea, Libya, Iraq and
Iran, anybody can order highly-detailed images from anywhere in the world,
for as little as 31.80 per square foot, subject to a 3200 minimum order.
The sharpest commercial satellite images available now capture features no
smaller than 33ft across, good enough for media pictures of the Tiananmen
Square massacre but not detailed enough for covert examinations of
neighbours' activities.
However, once EarlyBird 1 starts taking pictures, customers will be able to
control it via the Internet and place orders for black-and-white pictures
that will show features as small as 10ft across.
EarthWatch promises that pictures will be taken and sent to customers
within two days of receiving the target co-ordinates. "It's detailed enough
to distinguish a car from a truck, or to measure the size of a neighbour's
extension," said Bob Wientzen, an EarthWatch spokesman. Colour pictures
will also be offered, but with a resolution of only within 45ft.
Most of the time, the satellite is expected to focus on targets related to
town planning, map-making, disaster relief or mining. It will also allow
the media and the public to scrutinise environmental and military crises.
Some industry experts expect the biggest customers to be foreign
governments and intelligence agencies who do not have access to spy
satellite networks of their own.
Companies in India, Israel, Russia, China and America plan to launch a
further generation of spy satellites capable of distinguishing objects with
a diameter of about three feet.
Electric Eye in the Sky is a song by ? [Take a guess]
The lyrics go like this.
Electric Eye
Up here in space
I'm looking down on you.
My lasers trace
Everything you do.
You think you've private lives
Think nothing of the kind.
There is no true escape
I'm watching all the time.
I'm made of metal
My circuits gleam
I am perpetual
I keep the country clean.
I'm elected, electric spy
I'm protected, electric eye.
Always in focus
You can't feel my stare.
I zoom in on you
You dont know I 'm there.
I take a pride in probing all your secret moves My tearless retina takes
pictures that can proof.
Electric eye, in the sky
Feel my stare, always there
There's nothing you can do about it.
Develop and expose
I feed upon your every thought
And so my power grows.
Protected... Detective... Electric Eye...
If you would like to hear this song, please ask.
In our neck of the woods, We have a new system called "Aggressive Driving
Imaging" but the state will not divulge details of this system to us. I
thought we paid their salaries, etc, how can they "not disclose the details
of the system to us". With the numerous "Red Light" cameras ($50,000 a
piece $5000 to install) up that automagically mail tickets to the OWNER of
the car that ran the light, you will have friends and family (who borrowed
the car) being forced to testify against themselves to prevent the owner
from being deprived of his property. Since same cannot be forced to bear
witness against themself, where is the due process that must precede the
taking of the owners property, however small it may start out to be ?
Keep in mind that if there is no victim there is no crime, and that you
should always be able to face your accuser, and that the state cannot sue
or be sued, fair is fair right ? i.e. the plaintiff MUST be an individual
of flesh and blood. Also the right to travel by the means available in your
day, is a RIGHT, not a priviledge, and as such CANNOT be licensed or taxed
or infringed in any manner whatsoever against your will if noncommercial.
(SEE:  And how are eye level camera
shots of people in their cars legal when there is NO PROBABLE CAUSE and no
SIGNED SPECIFC WARRANT !? Some urls to explore:
 (latest in this sick industry)
Looking for more maps of exact locations of these cameras and police state
devices so we can share them with others and compile an exhaustive
inventory of them. We should be allowed to know where the NO-PRIVACY ZONES
ARE and start letting others know the scope breadth and depth.
You used to watch television. Now it watches you.
By Phil Patton
It's early morning in the 'burbs. My eyes are barely open, but the video
eye is on me. I stop by the convenience store for coffee and newspapers. On
the grainy screen of a boxy monitor behind the clerk, I catch a glimpse of
a tiny figure that, after a moment, I realize represents me. Opening my
wallet reminds me that I'm as short of cash as usual, so I stop at the ATM.
Through a one-way mirror, a video camera is recording the transaction.
I drive along New Jersey's Route 3 toward New York City, quite possibly
under the video observation of the New Jersey State Police, my state being
one of several that have tested remote stations that capture radar-gun
readings and license-plate numbers and mail out speeding tickets.
As I descend the dread "helix" into the Lincoln Tunnel, I go on TV for
Panasonic. Atop a huge billboard advertising the company's camcorders is
the "Panasonic Traffic Cam," an absurdly tiny device that perches like an
insect above a sign bearing the face of a white-knuckled driver. The driver
looks a bit like the late John Candy - all exasperation as the kids behind
him quibble and scream.
I can tune the radio to 1010 WINS to hear what the camera sees: in a
cunning marketing tie-in, I get "reports from the Panasonic Traffic Cam
high above the helix - there's a 15 minute delay at the Lincoln...."
CUT, if you would like to read the rest of this ESQUIRE MAGAZINE Article,
let me know and I will forward it to you... ralph
Phil Patton (pattonp is a contributing editor to Esquire. He
is the author of Made in the USA.

@_date: 1998-09-16 23:14:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Redesigned $20 Bills Debut Sept. 24 
Source:  Department of Defense
[Note: Images at this site if you want to look at the new bill.]
Redesigned $20 Bills Debut Sept. 24  By Rudi Williams
 American Forces Press Service
 WASHINGTON - The government rolls out its new redesigned high- tech,
tough-to-copy $20 bill worldwide Sept. 24.
 Revamped $50 and $100 notes are already in circulation. The $20  bill,
though, is key to thwarting counterfeiters, because it's  the most widely
circulated "big bill" and the most  counterfeited, Secret Service
spokeswoman Chaun Yount said. The  Secret Service -- the organization that
guards the president --  is the Treasury Department unit that oversees
counterfeiting  issues.
 Both sides of the redesigned $20 bills include numerous
anti-counterfeiting measures, she said. Security features include embedded
threads with micro-printing; a watermark; a large, off-center portrait of
President Andrew Jackson with micro-printed words and hard-to-copy engraved
details; the Federal Reserve seal; and color-shifting ink.
 Yount said people are the first line of defense against counterfeiting.
People need to be familiar with the new twenties because they'll be seeing
a lot of them, she said. According to U.S. Treasury figures, the mints
print $20 notes in numbers second only to $1 notes.
 "We always have $20 bills in our pocket, if we're lucky," she noted. "The
general public pays little attention to the $20 bill because it's the most
commonly used note. Counterfeiters look at that as an opportunity. They
like twenties because of their 'nice profit margin'" -- they have the
highest face value that doesn't draw most people's attention, and passable
fake twenties cost no more to make than fake fives and tens.
 "People who are passing counterfeit money are looking for a high volume of
cash," she said. "They target people who are rushed and don't take time to
authenticate the bills." She said military people are not typical targets
of counterfeiters. However, the Treasury Department has been working with
possible targets, such as the military exchange services, to train
employees on the look and security features of the new $20 bill.
 In 1995, $231 million worth of counterfeit U.S. money was seized
worldwide, Yount noted. That dropped to $64 million in 1996 and 1997 after
the similarly redesigned $100 and $50 notes were introduced.
 She said the new notes will spread as fast as financial institutions order
$20 bills and circulate them. "So for some time, the old and new $20 bills
will circulate at the same time," she noted. "As the old $20 bills wear
out, they'll be replaced with the new ones. The life of a $20 bill is about
two years."
 Treasury officials are working on new, high-tech $1, $5 and $10 notes with
anti-counterfeiting features. For more information about redesigned U.S.
currency, visit the Treasury Department Web sites at  or
 [IMAGE}  Security features on the front of the new $20 note include an
embedded security
thread; a large, off-center portrait of President Andrew Jackson; the
Federal Reserve
seal; and color-shifting ink. U.S. Treasury Department [IMAGE}  The backside of the new $20 note contains fine-line printing
patterns; an
easy-to-read large $20 numeral; and an embedded security thread. U.S. Treasury
Department To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-16 23:13:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Digital Biometrics Awarded Rhode Island State Contract 
Source:  PR Newswire
Digital Biometrics Awarded Rhode Island State Contract       DBI Tenprinter 1133S Systems Selected For Rhode Island's Live-Scan
                                Fingerprinting
   MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 15 /PRNewswire/ -- Digital Biometrics, Inc. (Nasdaq:
DBII) a leader in biometric identification systems integration company,
today announced the award of the Rhode Island State contract for an initial
order of six TENPRINTER 1133S live-scan fingerprinting systems.  These
systems will enable police agencies to eliminate the need for the
traditional ink method of taking fingerprints, and significantly speed
fingerprint processing of criminal and suspected criminal fingerprints with
a higher degree of accuracy.
    Live-scan systems such as the 1133S are special-purpose computer-based
systems which capture, digitize and transmit fingerprint images, and
provide a significant improvement in image quality and ease-of-use compared
to the traditional ink-based method of taking fingerprints.  Live-scan
systems are used in law enforcement and increasingly in non-law enforcement
applications such as employment screening, new employee enrollment,
firearms registration, and security screening.
    James C. Granger, President and Chief Executive Officer of Digital
Biometrics commented, "We are very pleased that Rhode Island has chosen DBI
for their fingerprinting network.  Rhode Island joins the growing list of
states that have chosen our live-scan technology."     Rhode Island joins Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Connecticut, Oregon, Nevada, Alabama, Indiana, Illinois, North Carolina,
Tennessee, Colorado, California and Virginia as recent U.S. purchasers of
Digital Biometrics TENPRINTER Series live-scan fingerprinting systems.
Digital Biometrics also supplies live-scan systems to the Scottish Criminal
Records Office and has recently won an OEM agreement with TRW for England
and Wales.     Digital Biometrics is a provider of biometric identification systems
and systems integration services. DBI is a leading supplier of computer
systems-based products and services for fingerprint capture for law
enforcement and commercial applications. In addition, its Integrated
Identification Solutions Division delivers total solutions through
customized applications and product integration to solve complex
information systems
problems, including identification problems, in commercial and government
SOURCE Digital Biometrics, Inc.
(c)1998 PR Newswire.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-16 23:13:50
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Biometrics: SAC Tech: Complete Electronic Security Solution 
Source:  PR Newswire
SAC Technologies Showcases Complete Electronic Security Solution               Company To Unveil Next Generation Biometrics Technology
                Prototype Product at Security 2001 Conference
    NEW YORK, Sept. 16 /PRNewswire/ -- SAC Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq:
SACM), a biometrics technology development company, today announced the
Company will unveil a manufacturing prototype of its fully integrated
solution for electronic security applications through biometrics
identification technology at the September 16-17, 1998 Westergaard/Mallon
Security 2001 Conference in New York.
    "A recent survey by the American Society for Industrial Security noted
that losses due to intellectual theft have reached almost $300 billion,"
according to SAC CEO Mr. Barry Wendt. "Computer security is a major concern
with electronic commerce, Internet transactions, on-line banking and
security in general.  Unlike other security measures such as PIN numbers,
passwords or tokens which can easily be lost, stolen or forgotten,
biometrics technology is based on an individual's physical characteristics,
such as a fingerprint, so
it requires the physical presence of an authorized user."     SAC Technologies, Inc. plans to introduce the next evolution of its
SACcat(TM) product at the two-day investment conference.  Bundled with
'best of breed' biometrics technology consisting of fingerprint
identification, voice verification and facial recognition, SACcat(TM)
features software applications of computer log-on, screen-saver, and
desktop security and configuration.  Additional integrated software
applications will include Bio-Key(TM) secured video teleconferencing and
video e-mail and SAC_Secure(TM) for selectively encrypting program
applications, data files and network communications using Certicom Corp.'s
elliptic curve engine.
    At the heart of SAC's biometric identification technology is the
Company's "Vector Line Type" Algorithm (VLTA) considered by some to be the
most robust, reliable, scaleable and discriminating algorithm available
today.  VLTA represents a true paradigm shift from current industry
minutiae-based methods of storing and analyzing fingerprints.  VLTA
processes the entire pattern of the fingerprint to derive a list of vector
line types and their associated relationships.
    These unique characteristics of the fingerprint are subsequently
transformed into a vector line type mathematical model or Bio-Key(TM),
which is highly unique and easy to process for comparative purposes.
    Unlike biometric verification (one-to-one matching) processes produced
by its competitors which require an additional identifier (pin number,
token or password), SAC's technology provides for true, real-time
identification (one-to-many) -- the process of comparing the biometric
characteristics of an unknown individual against characteristics stored in
a database to determine their identity.  SAC's certified biometric
identification technology can provide the necessary discrimination to
determine the identity of a user and
thereby insure the integrity of an application by eliminating the
possibility of 'aliases' (multiple identities).  SAC is the first, and
currently remains the only, company in the world to earn the International
Computer Security
Association's (ICSA) biometric 'identification' certification.
    "This latest version of the SACcat(TM) product is a 'turn-key,'
cost-effective hardware and software biometrics security and convenience
solution for individual computer workstations and networks," said Mr.
Wendt.  "We believe that SACcat(TM) is an ideal complement to computer
network security suites provided by such companies as Network Associates,
Secure Computing, Check Point and Security Dynamics."
    "Within a year from now I am convinced that consumers will be asking
whether biometrics security is included in their information systems and
computer applications.  Companies who do not add biometric security to
their product offerings will lose market share.  Compaq, one of the world's
largest providers of PCs, will have a biometrics peripheral product
available this fall.  Other computer providers could gain competitive
advantage by negotiating an exclusive license with the Company to
manufacture, embed and
distribute SACcat(TM) technology," added Mr. Wendt.     Companies interested in SAC Technologies' SACcat(TM) biometric security
solution should contact Mr. Barry Wendt at 708-798-9777 or for more
information on the Company check out its website at      Safe Harbor Statement
    Statements contained herein, other than historical data, may be
forward-looking and are subject to risks and uncertainties including, but
not limited to the Company's ability to successfully integrate its
technology with other technologies, and its ability to achieve its sales
and marketing plans while effectively managing costs and expenses, as well
as those risks set forth in the Company's 10KSB, 10QSB, and other SEC filings.
SOURCE SAC Technologies
Web Site: (c)1998 PR Newswire.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-16 23:13:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ****British Police Attempt To Sidestep E-mail Protection 
****British Police Attempt To Sidestep E-mail Protection
 LONDON, ENGLAND, 1998 SEP 16 (Newsbytes) -- By Steve Gold, Newsbytes.
Newsbytes' sources have revealed that the Metropolitan Police have been
holding a series of low-key discussions with major Internet service
providers (ISPs) in the UK, aiming to streamline police access to
e-mail and ISP user logs.
According to one reliable source, the aim of the discussions is to
develop a ground-breaking agreement between the police and ISPs so
that, where the police have reasonable suspicion that an individual is
sending or receiving e-mail, or downloading images that involve
paedophilia, then they can formally request full details of the
Internet user's mailbox and system logs, for example, from the ISP in
While the aim of the project is to avoid the need for police to
obtain a formal court order to access the ISP's computer systems,
Newsbytes expects there to be a massive outcry from civil libertarian
groups, since the police order could well be implemented against anyone
with an account with a British ISP.
Newsbytes understands that an expose on the police plans will be
broadcast on Channel 4 news at 19:00 hours on British television this
Newsbytes' sources suggest that British ISPs are under immense
pressure to comply with the police system since, if they do not comply
and request a court order, the police could theoretically impound their
computer systems, effectively putting an ISP out of action, and perhaps
business, for an unknown period of time.
"While I can understand the police wanting to gain access to Internet
users' files who are accessing the Net for paedophile images, this does
seem something of a steamroller approach," said one industry source who
spoke to Newsbytes after agreeing anonymity.
Newsbytes notes that a major flaw exists in the British police's
modus operandi for the proposed system, since the e-mail file servers
for America Online (AOL) and CompuServe (AOL is the UK's largest ISP)
are held in the US. Only the company's sales and support operations are
located in the UK.
"It will be interesting to see how the management of AOL and
CompuServe in the US react to the news that they have to willingly hand
over user logs and e-mail files to the British police," said the
anonymous source.
As has been proven by various cases in the US, the normal legal
protection afforded postal and telephone communications by anti-
wiretap legislation is not automatically extended to include e-mail.
In the UK, it had been thought that the Interception of
Communications Act might apply to e-mail, but the law relating to
e-mail remains unproven, Newsbytes notes.
Reported by Newsbytes News Network,  .
(19980916/WIRES LEGAL, ONLINE/)
News provided by COMTEX.
[!BUSINESS] [!HIGHTECH] [!INFOTECH] [!PUBLIC+COMPANIES] [!WALL+STREET]
[BUSINESS] [COMPUTER] [E-MAIL] [ENGLAND] [GOLD] [INTERNET] [LEGISLATION]
[LONDON] [NBY] [NEWS] [NEWSGRID] [ONLINE] [POLICE] [SALES] [TELEVISION]
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-16 23:13:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: White House decision affects e-mail scrambling software 
Source:  Fox News - AP
White House decision affects e-mail scrambling  software
 6.56 p.m. ET (2256 GMT) September 16, 1998
 By Ted Bridis, Associated Press
 WASHINGTON (AP) - The Clinton administration relaxed some restrictions
Wednesday on the export of powerful data-scrambling technology - a decision
that could help Americans who want to guarantee the privacy of their e-mail
and other electronic information.  The White House said U.S. companies can begin selling high-tech tools
overseas that use the so-called 56-bit Data Encryption Standard or its
equivalent, which has an unlocking key with 72 quadrillion possible
combinations.  The government imposes limits on exports of the most powerful scrambling
technology - now anything above 56-bit - because it fears that authorities,
even with a judge's permission, won't be able to read the messages of
criminals or terrorists.  The export limits do not directly affect Americans, who are legally free
to use encryption technology of any strength. But U.S. companies are
reluctant to develop one version of their technology for domestic use and a
weaker overseas version, so they typically sell only the most powerful type
that's legal for export, even to Americans.  Vice President Al Gore called the new rule's balance between privacy and
not helping criminals "probably one of the single-most difficult and
complex issues that you can possibly imagine.''  "We must ensure that new technology does not mean new and sophisticated
criminal and terrorist activity,'' Gore said. "And we must ensure that the
sensitive financial and business transactions that now cruise along the
information superhighway are 100 percent safe in cyberspace.''  Privacy advocates, though, derided Wednesday's announcement as a modest
step, noting that a non-profit group of researchers demonstrated earlier
this summer it can unscramble a 56-bit coded message in just days.  Experts have suggested that scrambling sensitive e-mail or online
credit-card transactions using less than 90 bits is vulnerable, while most
experts consider 128-bit encryption practically unbreakable.  Some companies that sell encryption products nonetheless praised the
announcement. The president of the Business Software Alliance, Robert
Holleyman, called it "a significant improvement over what we have today.''  The administration previously limited the export of 40-bit encryption
technology, which has more than 1 trillion combinations.  "It's a step but it's a small step,'' said Alan Davidson, an encryption
expert for the Washington-based Center for Democracy and Technology. "We're
worried that 56 bits is not enough.''  Barry Steinhardt, president of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a San
Francisco-based civil liberties group, said: "We assume this is done to
throw a bone to industry at a time when the administration needs all the
friends it can get.''
 "But it's half a step, and it continues to rely on dangerous
technologies,'' he said.  The White House also said Wednesday that it will allow U.S. companies to
use unlimited-strength encryption to communicate with their subsidiaries in
all countries except seven terrorist nations: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Syria,
Sudan, North Korea and Cuba.  It also agreed to allow U.S. encryption companies to sell the most
powerful scrambling tools overseas to insurance companies and health and
medical organizations in more than 40 countries.  And the administration said it will establish a technical support center
for federal, state and local authorities who might be confronted with
criminals using encryption.  In June, the Electronic Frontier Foundation used a custom-built computer
worth less than $250,000 to crack a 56-bit encrypted message in less than
three days to win an industry contest. The EFF published a book describing
exactly how to build a replica of its code-breaking computer.                   (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 14:27:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Pentagon may modify websites 
Pentagon may modify websites
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16 (UPI) _ The Pentagon is reviewing its Internet
policies to determine if there is too much information on its public
access websites.
The Defense Department and the four armed services operate several
Internet websites. Internet users including newspaper reporters, high
school students working on term papers and military history buffs visit
them frequently to download photos, news releases, and other
But Defense Department spokesman Kenneth Bacon said today that top
Pentagon officials have become concerned that the information contained
on those websites could be used by terrorists and others for illegal
Bacon did not say what information officials are specifically concerned
about or what caused them to begin reviewing the content of the
department's websites. He did say, however, that no information
contained on websites to date has been put to use by terrorists.
''This is more in the area of heading off a problem rather than
reacting to one,'' he said.
No date has been set for the website review to be completed. _-
Copyright 1998 by United Press International.
All rights reserved. _-
By MIKE BILLINTON
News provided by COMTEX.
[!BUSINESS] [!GOVERNMENT] [!WALL+STREET] [!WORLD+AFFAIRS] [HIGH+SCHOOL]
[INTERNET] [MILITARY] [NEWS] [NEWSGRID] [UPI] [WASHINGTON]
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 14:27:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Tougher laws are sought to seize cash 
Source:  Bergen (New Jersey) Record
Tougher laws are sought to seize cash Tuesday, September 15, 1998
By ADAM PIORE
Washington Correspondent
WASHINGTON -- Federal law enforcement
officials on Monday unveiled a plan they say will
help stop the flow of billions of dollars in drug money
across the nation's borders every year.
Hailed as a "major step forward" in the fight against
money laundering, the Justice Department proposal
would broaden the government's ability to seize the
profits of such illicit activity as drug dealing.
It now is illegal to try to leave the country with more
than $10,000 in currency without reporting it to U.S.
Customs officials. Violations are punishable by up to
five years in prison and seizure of the money. But in
June, the U.S. Supreme Court dealt a serious blow
to efforts to seize the unreported cash, ruling in a
precedent-setting case that such seizures often
violate constitutional protections against "excessive
The new proposal is aimed at correcting the
loopholes opened up in the June court decision. It
would for the first time allow law enforcement
officials to arrest people concealing currency before
they even reach the border.
It would allow the seizure of $10,000 or more at the
nation's ports and highways -- hundreds of miles
from any crossing -- if agents can prove that there is
intent to smuggle the concealed money out of the
country. But it goes beyond that, giving agencies tools they
have not had in the fight to stop the flow of illegal
drug profits out of the country, said Stefan D.
Cassella, the assistant chief of the money-laundering
and forfeiture section of the U.S. Department of
"This is a major step forward to address a new
problem," Cassella said. "We know that the covert
movement of currency across borders is indicative
and inherently related to criminal activity."
Civil libertarians condemned the proposed law,
which the Justice Department sent to Congress on
Monday, because they said it would expand the
ability of law enforcement agencies to seize currency
and keep it.
A series published in The Record this year revealed
how New Jersey, with its sprawling seaport,
international airport, lax laws, and proximity to New
York and Philadelphia, had emerged as a hub for
money laundering and currency smuggling over the
past 15 years. Cassella said the decision to push for
the more stringent laws was inspired in part by The
Record's stories.
In its letter to Congress, the Justice Department
cited the series as evidence of the growing problem
in currency smuggling.
The proposed law would give officials the ability to
go after a wider range of smuggling that has been
difficult for them to stop. Every year, for instance,
billions of dollars in illegal drug profits is smuggled
across the border unchecked, crammed into washing
machines, refrigerators, or hidden under false
bottoms in suitcases and trucks bound for the
Over the past nine months, customs inspectors have
seized more than $11 million at the border that
stretches from Texas to California.
And at Port Newark, Customs agents seized $5.5
million in fiscal year 1997, the fourth-highest amount
seized among all U.S. ports.
Cassella said the Justice Department hopes its
proposal will be offered as an amendment to
money-laundering legislation being considered by the
House. But several congressional staffers were
skeptical that the proposal would be considered by
this Congress, because of the controversy over civil
forfeiture. Congress is slated to adjourn is less than a
In addition, the new regulations, if passed, would
likely face immediate legal challenges.
In June, the U.S. Supreme Court overturned the
seizure of $357,144 from a Hollywood, Calif., gas
station owner. Federal officials seized Hosep Krikor
Bajakajian's money after the Syrian immigrant tried
to carry it out of the country without reporting it --
even though he was told of the federal reporting
requirements by customs agents. A divided court
ruled the fine was excessive because the only impact
of Bajakajian's crime was to deprive the government
of "information on a piece of paper."
By creating a category of crime called "bulk cash
smuggling," law enforcement officials hope to
convince the Supreme Court that efforts to evade
detection could have a direct impact on the "security
and integrity" of the nation's borders, Cassella said.
The crime would be punishable by up to five years in
prison and forfeiture of the money involved.
"Bulk cash smuggling is an inherently more serious
offense than simply failing to file a customs report,"
Justice Department officials wrote in an explanation
of the bill provided to Congress. "Because the
constitutionality of forfeiture is dependent on the
'gravity of the offense' . . . it is anticipated that the full
forfeiture of smuggled money will withstand
constitutional scrutiny in most cases."
Local prosecutors hailed the proposed change.
"Clearly, it's an effort to convince the Supreme
Court that Congress did view this as more than a
mere reporting violation and that forfeiture of the
smuggled money is appropriate," said Marion
Percell, an assistant U.S. Attorney in Newark who
specializes in money-laundering cases.
Critics attacked the bill, calling it just another effort
by overzealous law enforcement officials to expand
seizure powers that deprive citizens of due process.
Roger Pilon, director of the Center for Constitutional
Studies at the Cato Institute, warned that civil asset
forfeiture is subject to abuse by law enforcement
"This is unbelievable," he said. "Everything that
Justice does in this area is characterized as a 'major
step.' But that's no justification. Since when is it a
crime to take money out of the country? After all,
whose money is it?"
Rachel King, legislative counsel of the American
Civil Liberties Union, agreed. "The problem is they
have too much power to seize property," she said.
"The laws need to go the other way. What they can
do already is scary."
Staff Writers Julie Fields and Thomas Zambito
contributed to this article.
Copyright (c) 1998 Bergen Record Corp.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 14:27:26
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Tracking: DNA database in Okla. 
Source:  Tulsa World
DNA database helps make case  By World's own Service  9/16/98
 OKLAHOMA CITY -- A 1994 law
 creating a DNA database for Oklahoma law
 enforcement contributed to Monday's
 conviction in an Oklahoma City mass murder
 case, an author of the law said Tuesday.
 Danny Keith Hooks was found guilty
 Monday of the May 16, 1992, murders of
 five women in Oklahoma City. Jurors must
 now decide whether to sentence him to
 death.
 Hooks was first identified through genetic
 evidence collected at the crime scene. The
 arrest and conviction marked one of the first
 major cases involving the Oklahoma State
 Bureau of Investigation's DNA database and
 lab since it became operational in 1994, said
 Rep. James Dunegan, D-Calera.
 Under the law, blood samples are collected
 from certain convicts, and OSBI technicians
 analyze and type the genetic markers. That
 information is then stored in a database. The
 law also enlarged the bureau's DNA
 laboratory, Dunegan said.
 The Oklahoma City mass killing had
 remained unsolved for five years. Oklahoma
 City police records showed that until Hooks
 was arrested last year, more than 700
 reports had been written on the case, 8,000
 people had been fingerprinted and more than
 400 blood samples had been analyzed in the
 case.
 The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigations
 ran unidentified DNA from blood at the
 crime scene through several states' databases
 of criminals' genetic profiles, said Kym Koch,
 a spokeswoman for the OSBI.  While at an out-of-state national conference
 of DNA criminalists in 1996, the head of the
 OSBI's DNA lab asked experts from
 California to analyze the unknown DNA,
 Koch said. It matched Hooks' genetic
 profile, proving he had been at the crime
 scene. Prosecutors said Hooks must have
 been cut while he was killing his victims.
 Hooks had served time in a California prison
 on a rape conviction. Law enforcers were
 able to trace the DNA samples found at the
 murder scene to Hooks because he had to
 submit a DNA sample to California
 corrections officials before his release there.
 Hooks was convicted of killing the women
 during a sexual attack. He was arrested last
 year in California.
 Koch said roughly half of the states have their
 own DNA databases.
            Copyright 1996, World Publishing Co. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 14:27:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: School bans `no rules' T-shirt 
Source:  St. Paul, Minnesota Pioneer Planet News
Published: Thursday, September 17, 1998 School bans `no rules' T-shirt
ASSOCIATED PRESS  WAUKESHA, WIS.
A fifth grader was ordered to turn his T-shirt inside-out because it
carried the message ``No Rules,'' which the principal said promoted
disruptive behavior.
But the youth's mother said Saratoga Elementary School principal Dale
Heinen overstepped his bounds and that there was no harm in wearing such
shirts, which depict cartoon characters and carry the slogan, ``Outta my
way. No Rules.''
Heinen made Cody Wilhelm wear the shirt inside-out so no one could read its
``School guidelines talk about things that are disruptive and can lead to
disruption,'' Heinen said. ``If they are portraying that in what they wear
. . . we don't want kids reflecting that attitude or promoting that type of
Mary Wilhelm said her son's T-shirt was not disruptive and that parents
should have the right to dress their children with any clothes they want to
as long as they do not promote sex, drugs, alcohol, tobacco or illegal
activities. She said her son went to school last year wearing one of the ``No Rules''
T-shirts and also wore a T-shirt depicting ``Joe Camel,'' a cartoon
character formerly used to promote Camel cigarettes. School officials did
not object, she said.
``He should have never worn that Joe Camel shirt, I agree, but that dealt
with smoking,'' Wilhelm said.
``This is different. I don't want to have the principal tell me what I can
and can't do with my kid.''
(c)1998 PioneerPlanet / St. Paul (Minnesota) Pioneer Press - All Rights
Reserved copyright information
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 14:28:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Huge Philly Terrorist Drill Yesterday 
Source:  Chicago Tribune
HUGE SIMULATED TERRORIST ATTACK AIMED AT PUTTING CITY ON GUARD
 From Tribune News Services
 September 17, 1998  PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA --
 The Army on Wednesday gave
 Philadelphia's law-enforcement and rescue
 crews a daylong taste of what it might be
 like if terrorists unleashed deadly Sarin
 nerve gas during a civic luncheon for 1,500
 people.
 Sirens shattered the calm of Philadelphia's
 Fairmount Park as hundreds of police,
 firefighters and federal troops rushed to the
 aid of city workers acting out their parts as
 victims of the attack.
 "You can't predict an Oklahoma City. You
 can't predict what happened in Tokyo. And
 you can't predict what happened in New
 York," Army Col. Richard Breen shouted
 over the roar of fire engines. "It's better to
 be proactive and train people so that a city
 like Philadelphia can take . . . care of its
 citizens if, God forbid, something like this
 really were to occur."
 The drill was part of a Defense Department
 program to train cities to cope with
 chemical, biological and nuclear terrorism.
 The exercise, the biggest yet to be staged
 by the Army Chemical and Biological
 Defense Command, involved beat officers,
 bomb-disposal experts, hazardous-material
 teams, firefighters, ambulance crews,
 National Guardsmen, federal emergency
 managers, FBI agents, the Coast Guard and
 the American Red Cross.
 Organizers refused to say how many people
 took part. "We would not want to
 broadcast . . . just what our personnel and
 equipment strengths would be to meet this
 type of emergency," a city official said.
 Later this month in a similar exercise, the
 Army plans to simulate another Sarin attack
 on a music concert at RFK Stadium in
 Washington.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 14:28:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ID proposal raises privacy concerns 
Source:  Fox News - AP
ID proposal raises privacy concerns
 2.15 p.m. ET (1816 GMT) September 17, 1998
 WASHINGTON (AP) - Lawmakers raised loss-of-privacy objections Thursday to
a proposal that would use Social Security numbers to help curb the number
of illegal immigrants who unlawfully get government benefits.  The proposal by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration would
require federal agencies to accept, as proof of identity, a driver's
license that conforms to certain standards. A Social Security number would
be among the requirements.  Rep. David McIntosh, R-Ind., said the measure "appears to create a de
facto national ID card'' for all Americans.  "With a Social Security number, anyone can find out almost anything about
an individual on the Internet, including where he or she lives,'' said
McIntosh, who chairs the House Government Reform and Oversight's
subcommittee on national economic growth. "This technology gives stalkers
and abusers easy access to their victims.''  During a committee hearing on the proposal, Celene Cross described how
someone fraudulently used her name and Social Security number to obtain
credit cards and rack up more than $17,000 in charges. Cross said she has
spent three years trying to clear her credit history but problems continue
to arise, and "I have just quit applying for credit altogether.''  Marvin Young, another panel witness, told lawmakers how a former roommate
used his Social Security number to assume his identity and open more than
40 charge cards.  "I've worked hard and never made a late payment in my life, but this other
guy has just messed up everything for me,'' Young said.  In a statement submitted to the committee, the National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration said its proposal is intended to "prevent the use of
state driver's licenses and other identification documents by illegal
immigrants seeking to obtain benefits under federal programs.''                   (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 14:28:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Terrorism is Shifting Threat to U.S. 
Source:  USIA
17 September 1998 U.S. OFFICIALS SEE TERRORISM AS A SHIFTING THREAT TO
NATION (State Department, congressional experts outline views) (700)
By Ralph Dannheisser
USIA Congressional Correspondent
Washington -- A State Department official and a congressman outlined
the changing face of terrorism before a business group, and warned
that it poses increasing concerns for Americans at home and abroad.
Gordon Gray, director for regional affairs in State's counterterrorism
office and Representative Jim Saxton, a New Jersey Republican, were
among the speakers at a briefing for business leaders September 17
sponsored by Equity International, Inc.
Gray told the group that "the good news is the decline in state
terrorism." But, he quickly added, "the bad news is the same thing --
the decline in state terrorism."
That seeming contradiction comes into play, Gray said, because "the
decline in state sponsorship poses new problems, as we see more and
more loosely knit organizations" like that headed by Saudi Arabian
businessman Usama bin Ladin -- groups that by their nature are harder
to get at. Bin Ladin is thought to have been behind the recent bombing
of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
Gray portrayed a mixed picture with respect to terrorist activity.
On the one hand, he said, "last month's bombings at the two U.S.
embassies and in Northern Ireland "painfully reinforce the dangers
posed by terrorists," whose "attacks are becoming far more lethal in
recent years," -- even as the critical infrastructure in our
increasingly sophisticated society "becomes that much more
But at the same time, Gray observed, "There are some positive signs."
For example, he reported, the total number of terrorist incidents in
1996 and 1997 fell to a 25-year low.
"It's important that we not exaggerate what the actual threat is.
That's exactly what terrorists want to do" to intimidate their foes,
he said.
Gray cited four pillars of U.S. policy with respect to terrorism:

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:46:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: IRS official predicts Y2K snafus 
Source:  Government Executive Magazine
September 17, 1998
DAILY BRIEFING
IRS official predicts Y2K snafus
By Nancy Ferris
The new chief information officer at the IRS is predicting there
will be tax processing problems in the upcoming filing season
because of the agency's speeded-up program to fix year 2000
bugs in its computer systems.
CIO Paul J. Cosgrave, speaking today at a luncheon meeting
of the Association for Federal Information Resources
Management, said 98 percent of the IRS's software will be
fixed by early next year, when the 1998 filing season begins.
But, he added, "there will be some problems" because not all
of the fixes will be perfect.
Asked afterward how serious the problems would be,
Cosgrave said it was too early to tell. The agency is working
hard to minimize their effect, he added. The good news, he
said, is that when the century change actually occurs on Dec.
31, 1999, the IRS will have put its Y2K problems behind it.
"We're a year early," he said. The agency is spending close to
$1 billion on Y2K fixes.
Cosgrave, a well-known consultant, was brought in to help the
IRS straighten out its troubled systems modernization program
and build new systems to support the reorganized agency. He
said the IRS will exercise more central control over information
technology and try to standardize the systems environment.
"Today we have 17 e-mail systems in the IRS," he said by way
of example.
The reorganization announced by IRS Commissioner Charles
Rossotti will replace the service's current regional structure with
four new units serving specific groups of customers. That
change, combined with the systems modernization program,
will lead to new job responsibilities for many IRS employees,
Cosgrave said.
The agency will move some headquarters functions to field
offices and move some back office employees to customer
service jobs. But because it can't relocate many of the affected
workers, it plans to "use more remote assignment work,"
where employees in one location work for managers in
another, Cosgrave said.
The IRS also will dramatically increase its investment in
employee training, from $3.5 million this year to $11 million
two years from now.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:45:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Crypto Controls Threaten Human Rights 
Source:  OneWorld Magazine
Crypto Controls Threaten Human Rights  Vienna conference warned against restricting free expression  (New York, September 18, 1998) -- Human Rights Watch today urged an
international conference on technology, now meeting in Vienna, not to
expand controls on encryption technologies. The organization said that
cryptographic products are critical to the ability of human rights
defenders around the world to transmit sensitive information without
detection by repressive governments. The conference is reviewing the 1996 Wassenaar Arrangement, an
international agreement signed by 30 countries to govern the proliferation
of military technology. Dissidents and human rights organizations under repressive regimes
frequently use encryption technologies to share information. Encryption has
the power to authenticate the identity of these authors to their partners
abroad, while protecting their identity from despots at home.  The United States has adopted relatively restrictive encryption policies,
which prohibit the global dsitribution of software used to encrypt text. In
particular, Washington has outlawed the export of the most popular software
among human rights activists, Pretty Good Privacy (PGP), although the
Wassenaar Arrangement explicitly exempts crypto-software, like PGP, that is
widely available in the public domain. Human Rights Watch warned the other participants in the Vienna conference
not to incorporate such restrictive policies into the Wassenaar
Arrangement, or to further limit the global distribution, development, or
use of strong encryption hardware or software. "Encryption is more than a shield for human rights activists," said Jagdish
Parikh, associate online researcher at Human Rights Watch. "Coded language
is still language, and it must be protected as a basic human right to free
expression." Parikh noted that the right to free expression is set forth in
Article 19 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, to
which most members of Wassenaar Arrangement are party. Human Rights Watch said that encryption is also an important bulwark
against violations of privacy in an age where computerization and data
banks enable the collection of huge amounts of personal information about
individuals. Moreover, international law requires states not only to
refrain from arbitrary interference with privacy, but to affirmatively
protect its citizens from such attacks.  "The sorts of countries most eager to ban the use of encryption, such as
China and Iran, are not known for respecting freedom of speech," said
Parikh. "Using encryption should not subject an individual to criminal
sanction, any more than using Pig Latin or Swahili does." Many human rights activists around the world would be spared retaliation
and abuse if crypto-software were more widely available, Parikh said. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:44:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] Ohio gets Computerized Fingerprint System 
SCAN THIS NEWS
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
July 25, 1997
Attorney General Betty Montgomery Brings New Technology
to Ohio Law Enforcement
Montgomery Gives Computerized Fingerprint Systems
Free of Charge to Help in the Fight Against Crime
Columbus -- In an effort to assist local law enforcement and improve Ohio's
criminal history records, Attorney General Betty D. Montgomery today
announced that 23 law enforcement agencies in Ohio will be receiving
Live-Scan systems at no cost to the agencies.
Through federal grants and money from the Attorney General's budget,
Live-Scan computerized fingerprint identification systems have been
purchased and are being distributed to law enforcement agencies across the
state. The agencies that send the most fingerprint cards to the Ohio Bureau
of Criminal Identification and Investigation (BCI) were chosen to receive
Montgomery was joined by representatives from several law enforcement
agencies that will be receiving Live-Scan systems and local public officials
in announcing this new technology being given to more than 20 law
enforcement agencies.
"I want to thank the Attorney General's Office for this modernized
equipment, which will help law enforcement's advancement in building the
bridge to the 21st century, with technology in crime fighting," said
Franklin County Sheriff Jim Karnes.
Live-Scan provides high-quality electronic fingerprint images through
state-of-the-art computer imaging. Most Ohio law enforcement agencies rely
on the traditional form of using ink to slowly roll each individual
fingerprint onto cards.
With Live-Scan, fingers are placed directly onto a scanner without having to
use ink. The image is stored electronically, and copies of the card can be
printed at any time. This new system will give law enforcement consistently
higher quality fingerprints to use for processing and identification.
These new systems will also electronically send the fingerprint cards to
BCI. This will be an important step in ensuring the quality of Ohio's
criminal history records. BCI will now be able to receive records in a more
timely fashion and virtually eliminate the possibility of records being lost
or not sent. The systems will assist local law enforcement by cutting-down
on the number of hours needed to process fingerprint cards by eliminating
the timely duplicative process of fingerprinting.
The Live-Scan systems will be linked late this fall to BCI's Automated
Fingerprint Identification System (AFIS). AFIS is a computer system that
holds the fingerprint images and criminal history records of more than 1.2
million criminals in Ohio. With Live-Scan, law enforcement agencies will be
able to quickly search AFIS for matches to their fingerprint cards. This
will be extremely useful if someone with a prior record tries to give an
alias or refuses to disclose his or her name. The agency can scan the
suspect's fingerprints and check them against the database at BCI for a
"Here's the bottom line: This technology will allow police to identify
criminals faster and more accurately than anything even dreamed of just
years ago," Montgomery said.
The Live-Scan systems were purchased for almost $1.1 million from Identix
Inc. of California. Ohio is joining the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, the U.S. Marshal, and numerous
other federal agencies, states, and cities that have also purchased
Live-Scan systems from Identix Inc. Each system retails for $70,000 but the
Attorney General was able to negotiate a purchase price for a much lower
cost of $44,220.
Law enforcement agencies that already have Live-Scan systems and meet
requirements of the National Institute of Standards and Technology will be
connected with Ohio's AFIS as part of the contract with Identix Inc. The
contract also allows any local law enforcement agency to purchase a
Live-Scan system within the next year at the same price negotiated by the
Attorney General.
Attorney General Montgomery also announced that her office plans to purchase
additional Live-Scan systems in the beginning of next year to be distributed
to more law enforcement agencies across the state.
Below is the list of agencies receiving Live-Scan systems:
Cleveland Police Department
Cuyahoga County Sheriff's Office
Clermont County Sheriff's Office
Delaware County Sheriff's Office
Franklin County Sheriff's Office
Clark County Sheriff's Office
Pickaway County Sheriff's Office
Miami Township Police Department
Columbiana County Sheriff's Office
Lake County Sheriff's Office
Licking County Sheriff's Office
Mahoning County Sheriff's Office
Highland County Sheriff's Office
Boardman Police Department
Elyria Police Department
Allen County Sheriff's Office
Lorain Police Department
Coshocton County Sheriff's Office
Whitehall Police Department
Miamisburg Police Department
Springdale Police Department
Kent Police Department
Medina County Sheriff's Office
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:44:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [BioWeekly_Email] Announcement 
We thought you might be interested in some recent announcements
regarding Banking on Biometrics =9298 which is just around the corner. The
conference is on October 12-14, 1998 in Dallas, Texas, US.
New speakers recently added include:
     Randall Fowler, CEO, Identix Corp.;=20
     Frank Smead, SpeakerKey Marketing Manager, ITT Industries;=20
Other outstanding presenters include:=20
     Jim Wayman, US National Biometric Test Center
     John Woodward, Attorney and Biometric Legal Consultant
     Jeremy Newman, President, PenOp Corp.=20
     Adam Backenroth, Chase Manhattan Bank
     Dr. Joseph Atick, CEO, Visionics Corp.
     Colleen Madigan, SafLINK Corp.
     Gail Koehler, Purdue Empl. Fed. Credit Union
     James O=92Dell, CUNA Mutual Insurance Group
     Robert Van Naarden, Sensar, Inc.=20
     Michelle Roberts, Texas Bankers Association
     Ray Findley, Pres., American Card, Inc.=20
     Chris Olsen-Potter, Identicator, Inc.
     Raj Nanavati, International Biometric Group
     Judith Markowitz, J.Markowitz Consultants
     Ron Beyner, T-NETIX, Inc.=20
     Francis Declercq, Keyware Corp.
     Mike Grimes, Miros Corp.=20
=3D=3D>  GET YOUR FREE REGISTRATION THROUGH OUR GROUP DISCOUNT PROGRAM
Connect with Southwest Airlines to get your lowest possible airline
rates to Dallas =85.. but better yet, register two of your clients,
business associates, customers, prospects, friends or family and attend
the conference FREE.  You can register three persons for the price of
two - and that third person could be YOU. Conference registration is
$490. =20
Our group discount is excellent for any company wanting to send a group
of employees for an employee training program.  Registration fees drop
to $350 each for 4-5 persons, $300 each for 6-10 persons and to $260
each for over 10 registrants.
=3D=3D>  BIOMETRIC VIDEO TAKING SHAPE
The first biometric infomercial is taking shape and will be available
during and after the conference. If you register NOW, you=92ll get a free
copy at the conference.  If you want a copy later, we=92ll be glad to sell
you one. Suggested cost (still pending) is $125.
=3D=3D>  NEED MORE INFORMATION ON BIOMETRICS
There will be biometric consultants at the conference who will be glad
to answer your questions and provide you with more information.=20
=3D=3D>  VISIT THE CONFERENCE WEB SITE FOR MORE DETAILS AND RESERVATION
INFORMATION -=20
        or call Linda Bikoff - (202) 337-0023,  Email - Lbikoff
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:57:58
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 4.47:Russian Big Brother covets all the E-mail 
ISPI Clips 4.47:Russian Big Brother covets all the E-mail
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Saturday September 19, 1998
This From: US News & World Report, September 14, 1998
Big Brother covets all the E-mail
Christian Caryl
Believe it or not, there are some areas where Russia leads the world. While
other countries from Germany to Singapore ponder the pluses and minuses of
government regulation of the Internet, Russia is way ahead. Its State
Security Service (FSB), the main successor to the KGB, is planning
all-encompassing surveillance of Internet communications. Internet
activists say that the proposed regulations are proof of just how far
Russia's struggling democracy has to go. "There is no concept of privacy
anywhere in Russian legislation," says Andrei Sebrant of GlasNet, one of
the country's leading Internet service providers. "So strictly speaking,
there's nothing at all illegal about this."
The plans, which have never been officially presented or acknowledged by
the government, became public a few weeks ago, when they were leaked to
critics. The idea is to force each service provider to install a "black
box" connecting its network to the local FSB office via fiber-optic cable.
That would enable state-sponsored snoopers to collect and examine E-mail,
as well as data on addressees and recipients and Web surfing habits. Users,
meanwhile, would never have the slightest sign of prying eyes and ears.
The cost for the extra equipment would be borne by the providers
themselves. Anatoli Levenchuk, an Internet expert who posted the proposed
regulations on the Web and is leading the most vocal online protest, says
that the requirements would boost providers' costs by 10 to 15 percent.
That increase would be passed on to users, who already pay around $35 per
month, very expensive by Russian standards. "Right now, we have about 1
million Internet users in Russia," says Levenchuk. "So those price hikes
could immediately reduce the Internet community here by hundreds of
thousands." Any providers who refuse to comply can expect to have their
operating licenses yanked by the all-powerful Ministry of Communications,
which has been helping the FSB draft the rules.
But the FSB's plans may ultimately serve to prove just how resistant to any
kind of centralized control the Internet remains. The new proposal doesn't
address encryption, and the drug dealers and terrorists the FSB ostensibly
wants to catch will be the first to resort to tough-to-crack encryption
systems. Russian Web sites offering encryption technology have been doing a
booming business since the first news of the regulations came out. But most
Russian Internet users have little familiarity with encryption techniques,
according to Maksim Otstavnov, an editor at CompuTerra magazine. For them,
this could be the electronic equivalent of the days when the Soviet KGB
routinely tapped phones and opened mail.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:56:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: UK: Microchips & Animal Passports for Pets 
Source:  London Telegraph
UK News Electronic Telegraph Saturday 19 September 1998
Issue 1212
Passports for pets in new rabies law
By David Brown, Agriculture Editor BRITAIN'S stringent anti-rabies quarantine laws are to be swept aside in
favour of electronic scanners and animal passports under plans to be
published by the Government next week.
A scheme relying on microchip implants that can be electronically
monitored, together with documentary proof that animals have been immunised
against rabies and other diseases, are among a raft of proposals that could
mean the demise of mandatory six-months quarantine for all imported animals.
Under the proposals, animals travelling between designated "low disease
risk" countries in Europe and elsewhere would be allowed entry on condition
that they were carefully screened on arrival and possibly subjected to
blood tests. The Government is likely to back the proposals for a radical
overhaul of the increasingly controversial quarantine system, which has
been Britain's main front-line defence against rabies for nearly a century. Currently, imported pets must be held in nominated kennels for six months
until vets decide they pose no health risk to people or animals in this
country. Diplomats and members of the Armed Forces will be among those who
should find life easier - if their overseas posts meet new criteria for
assessing potential risks and
their animals are properly vaccinated and provided with proposed new
movement documents.
But quarantine will not disappear completely under the plans drawn up over
the past 10 months by a team of independent government advisers headed by
Prof Ian Kennedy of University College, London. It will remain as a safety
net to screen animals imported from countries that still have a problem
with rabies - including many
in Eastern Europe, North and South America, Africa and the Far East. "It
will not be the free-for-all that some people might expect," Whitehall
sources said last night.
Nick Brown, the Minister of Agriculture, is expected to call a press
conference next Wednesday to publish the report. But before the Government
acts, the plans will be circulated for consultation among vets, animal
welfare organisations, including the Royal Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, dog and cat breed societies,
farmers and other groups with an interest in animal health.
Britain's last major rabies scare was in 1969. In 1983, an Irish Wolfhound
imported from the United States was caught with rabies in a quarantine
kennel and in June 1996, at the height of the BSE crisis, a rabid bat that
is believed to have crossed the Channel, bit a pregnant woman in Newhaven,
Sussex. The Government decided in October last year to review the current
quarantine arrangements after coming under mounting pressure from animal
welfare groups and pet owners, including Chris Patten, Britain's last
Governor of Hong Kong, who complained about difficulties in returning his
family's pet dogs to Britain.
Those complaints, coupled with the decline of rabies in EU countries, have
given added impetus for the reform of the system over the past two years.
But many vets remain to be convinced that easing quarantine is a good idea,
arguing that veterinary certificates issued abroad may not be valid.
The British Veterinary Association said last night: "We have not seen a
copy of this report but our position is clear. We will not agree to any
changes which do not, in our view, provide the United Kingdom with at least
the level of safeguards against disease that the present quarantine system
(c) Copyright Telegraph Group Limited 1998.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:45:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: "Bioarmageddon" 
Source:  New Scientist
Bioterrorism Special Report: Bioarmageddon By Debora MacKenzie Sooner or later there is going to be a biological attack on a major city.
Are we prepared to deal with it? Not a chance, says Debora MacKenzie It begins with a threat. A terrorist group declares that unless its demands
are met within 48 hours, it will release anthrax over San Francisco. Two
days later, a private plane flies across the Bay, spreading an aerosol
cloud that shimmers briefly in the sunlight before disappearing. Scenario one: thousands are killed in the panic as 2 million people flee
the city. Another 16 million inhale anthrax spores. Antibiotics are rushed
in, but the hospitals are overwhelmed and not everyone receives
treatment. Most of the country's limited stock of anthrax vaccine has
already been given to soldiers.
Emergency crews provide little help as there are only four germ-proof suits
in the whole city. More than a
million of the Bay Area's 6.5 million residents die.  Scenario two: in the two days before the attack, citizens seal their doors
and windows with germ-proof tape. They listen to the radio for
instructions, their gas masks, drugs and disinfectants ready. Few panic.
When sensors around the city confirm that the cloud contains anthrax
spores, hospitals receive the appropriate antibiotics and vaccines. Trained
emergency teams with germ-proof suits and tents set up in the places where
automated weather analyses show the deadly cloud will drift. With advance
preparation and rapid response only 100,000 people die. A terrorist who plans to drop anthrax over San Francisco tomorrow can count
on causing the murder and mayhem described in the first scenario--at least
according to the simulation that generated these scenarios last year. The
question facing policy makers now is: how do we move toward the second
scenario? That terrorists may someday turn to biological weapons is no longer a
matter of debate (see "All fall down",
New Scientist, 11 May 1996, p 32). "Terrorism has changed," says Brad
Roberts of the US government-backed Institute for Defense Analyses in
Virginia. "Traditional terrorists wanted political concessions," he says.
"But now, some groups say their main aim is mass casualties. That makes
biological weapons appealing." Terrorists would have little trouble getting their hands on the technology.
Hearings in South Africa in June
revealed that the apartheid government produced terrorist weapons
containing anthrax, Salmonella and cholera. Soviet scientists who have
prepared weapons-grade anthrax and smallpox are known to have emigrated,
possibly to well-funded terrorist groups like the one run by Osama bin
Laden in Afghanistan.
Even small groups such as the Aum Shinrikyo sect in Japan have been able to
cook up vats of Salmonella or
botulin, the toxin that causes botulism.  With bioweapons so readily available, how can governments protect us from a
terrorist armed with anthrax, smallpox or plague? In May, scientists,
policy makers and security experts gathered in Stockholm to discuss how to
limit the devastation of a biological attack on civilians. Until now, most
biological defence strategies have been geared to protecting soldiers on
the battlefield rather than ordinary people in cities. The situations are
quite different, and novel technologies are needed for civilian defence. Suppose a commuter stumbled across a time bomb filled with anthrax on an
underground railway platform.
Until this year, no police force in the world had any way to disarm such a
device safely. One novel solution that attracted attention at Stockholm was
a tent full of antiseptic foam. Researchers at Irvin Aerospace in Fort
Erie, Ontario, have developed a dome-shaped tent made of ultratough Mylar
that can be filled with a stiff foam--the exact composition of which is a
closely guarded secret--that kills germs and also neutralises chemical
weapons. Once covered by the foam-filled tent, the bomb can be safely
detonated. But what if germs are already in the air? The protective suits and masks
used by most emergency services don't have seals tight enough to exclude
microorganisms, making them useless against biological attacks, says Jack
Sawicki, a former fireman who now works for Geomet Technologies near
Washington DC. And the
lack of standards for gas masks sold to civilians in most countries makes
it as likely that a mask will suffocate
you as save you, he says. The suits developed for the military do
work--their tight joints and zippers keep
bugs out--but they are too pricey for the average fire department. Both Geomet and Irvin Aerospace are about to market civilian bio-suits. In
the meantime, other companies are
designing protective gear that actually kills pathogens. Molecular
Geodesics in Cambridge, Massachusetts, for
example, is developing a suit made of a tough, sponge-like polymer that
traps bacteria and viruses, which are then destroyed by disinfectants
incorporated into the fabric. Stealthy attack None of this gear will do any good, however, if the emergency services do
not know there has been an
attack. And an assault may not be obvious. A terrorist might not use a
weapon that goes off with a dramatic
bang, or even produces an obvious cloud of germs. The first hint of a
biological attack may be a sudden
cluster of sick people.  Even that will be missed unless someone is watching. And few are. In the
US, financial cutbacks have
crippled programmes to track disease outbreaks, natural or deliberate. Some
could be either, such as
food poisoning caused by Escherichia coli O157 or Salmonella. Medical
agencies fear that the extra money
requested by President Bill Clinton this spring as part of an
anti-terrorist initiative will not be enough to create
an adequate surveillance network.  In Europe, disease surveillance is only beginning to be organised on the
continent-wide scale needed to track a biological emergency. But in
addition to monitoring infected people, Nicholas Staritsyn of the State
Research Centre for Applied Microbiology near Moscow says that more effort
should be made to find
out which bugs live where. For example, a particular variety of anthrax may
occur naturally in South Africa,
but not in Canada. Having access to such information could help authorities
to distinguish between natural
outbreaks and deliberate attacks.  Even when infected people start turning up at local hospitals, early
diagnosis of their illness might not be
easy, says Steve Morse, who heads the US programme on new diagnostic
technologies run by the Defense
Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). The first symptoms of anthrax,
plague and many other
potential agents of bioterrorism resemble those of flu: headaches, fevers,
aching muscles, coughing. What's
more, some of these symptoms might be brought on by panic attacks, which
are likely to be widespread among people who have just been told that they
are the victims of a biological attack. One answer discussed in Stockholm would be for hospitals to have the type
of high-tech detectors being
developed to identify airborne pathogens on the battlefield. With a
detector at each bedside, doctors could pick out the volatile molecules
released by damaged lung membranes at a very early stage of infection and
instantly tell whether a patient was a victim of a biological attack, says
Mildred Donlon, head of environmental detection research at DARPA. Eventually, DARPA would like to develop a detector that weighs no more than
2 kilograms, can identify as few as two particles of 20 different
biological agents in a sample of air, costs less than $5000 and does not
give false negatives. Such detectors could be deployed around cities to
give early warning of airborne disease. In the meantime, researchers led by Wayne Bryden at Johns Hopkins
University in Baltimore are working on revamping the traditional laboratory
workhorse, the mass spectrometer, for use in the field or in hospitals.
They've reduced this unwieldy piece of equipment to a suitcase-sized
machine that can distinguish between,
say, Shigella, which causes dysentery, and Salmonella. A shoebox-sized
version, says Bryden, could be ready in five years. Other researchers are experimenting with devices that would not seem out of
place in an episode of Star Trek: Voyager. Tiny electronic chips that
contain living nerve cells may someday warn of the presence of bacterial
toxins, many of which are nerve poisons. Like a canary in a coal mine, the
neurons on the chip will chatter until something kills them. "Anything that
stops it singing is immediate cause for alarm," says Donlon. While the "canary on a chip" could detect a broad range of toxins, other
devices are designed to identify specific pathogens. One prototype consists
of a fibre-optic tube lined with antibodies coupled to light-emitting
molecules. In the presence of plague or anthrax bacteria, or the toxins
botulin or ricin, the molecules light up. Outwitting our defences Devices based on antibodies are far from foolproof. First, you need to have
the correct antibodies--not easy when you consider the vast number of
pathogens you'd need to include, and their ever-changing repertoire of
surface proteins. "And even the right antibodies can identify only what is
on the outside of a particle," Donlon points out. Bugs can be encapsulated
in gels or biological polymers to foil antibodies, or normally harmless
bacteria engineered to carry nasty genes. "I want to know what is on the
inside," she says. To do this, DARPA-funded researchers are developing identification
techniques based on RNA analysis. Unlike DNA, which is now used to identify
unknown organisms, RNA is plentiful inside cells and need not be amplified
before identification begins. And messenger RNA molecules reveal not only
what a microorganism
is, but what toxins it is making.   Once the biological agent has been identified, how do you combat it?
Vaccinating people before they are exposed is one answer. This is the
strategy the military is betting on. Last year, the US military launched a
programme to develop vaccines against potential biological weapons. It will
create jabs for diseases for which none exist, such as Ebola, and improve
existing vaccines--including the 30-year-old anthrax vaccine being given to
24 million American soldiers. But vaccines are no cure-all. An attacker need only generate a germ that
sports different antigens to those used in a vaccine to render that vaccine
ineffective. Plus, as bioterrorists get more sophisticated, they will
develop novel, possibly artificial, pathogens against which conventional
vaccines will be useless, predicts Morse. To get around these problems, DARPA is looking at ways of developing
vaccines quickly enough for them to be created, mass-produced and
distributed after an attack. The first step, which many researchers
including those in the fast-paced field of genomics are now working on,
involves speeding up DNA sequencing so that an unknown pathogen's genes
could be detailed in a day. The resulting sequences could then be the basis
for developing an instant DNA vaccine. Making the vaccine is only half the problem, however. Soldiers can be
ordered to take shots, but immunising the rest of the population is another matter. Civilians are unlikely to
volunteer for the dozens of vaccinations that would be necessary to protect
them against every conceivable biological threat. An attack would make many
change their minds, but in such circumstances there might not be enough to
go around. Although Clinton has called for the stockpiling of vaccines, the
US has only 5 million doses of smallpox vaccine--not enough to contain a
hypothetical attack, says Ken Berry, president of the American Academy of
Emergency Physicians. Ken Alibek, the former second-in-command of the Soviet germ warfare
programme who revealed earlier this year that the Soviets had weaponised
tonnes of smallpox, argues that it is short-sighted to put too much effort
into developing vaccines. Instead, says Alibek, who is now at the Batelle
Institute in Virginia, researchers should concentrate on ways to treat
victims of biological weapons. Today's antibiotics may be useless because
germs could be equipped with genes for resistance to all of them. Russian
scientists have already created such a strain of anthrax (This Week, 28
February, p 4). For any treatment to be effective amid the potential chaos of a
bioterrorist attack, speed will be of the essence. At the Stockholm
meeting, researchers reported their efforts to develop drugs that work
against a wide variety of infections and so can be used even before
definitive diagnosis. Some are trying to take advantage of recently
identified similarities in the way many pathogens produce disease to
develop broad-spectrum drugs. For example, Ebola, anthrax and plague all kill their victims by inducing a
widespread inflammatory reaction similar to toxic shock syndrome. A team in
Cincinnati is testing an anti-inflammatory drug that could stop all of
them. Another gang of bacteria--including plague, Salmonella, Shigella and
Pseudomonas aeruginosa (one of the bacteria that can cause pneumonia and
meningitis)--relies on very similar proteins to latch onto human cells and
inject toxins. Drugs that block this system might save people from all
these germs, ke Forsberg of the Swedish Defence Research Establishment in
Ume told the meeting.  The trouble with all these new anti-bioweapon gizmos, gadgets and medicines
is that it's far from certain that they would be available in time to shield the first major city targeted for
a bioterrorist attack. At the moment, the US is one of the few countries
taking the bioterrorist threat seriously. Sweden, France and Israel have
trained emergency teams and stockpiled gas masks. Other countries do not
seem concerned. "The threat of bioterrorism has not seized our European
friends," says Mike Moodie of the Chemical and Biological Arms Control
Institute, a think-tank near Washington DC. "They feel it's too improbable." Perhaps they should reconsider. Berry, who helped run the doomsday
simulations that ravaged San  Francisco, says: "Security experts are not
asking if a biological attack on a civilian population is going to happen,
but when." (c) Copyright New Scientist, RBI Limited 1998
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:57:05
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Computer Exports Compromise Nat'l Security 
Source:  New York Times
September 17, 1998
U.S. Agency Faults Study on Exports of Computers
By JEFF GERTH
WASHINGTON -- When the Clinton administration relaxed export controls on
high-performance computers in 1996, it relied on a flawed report that did
not study the national security implications and concluded with scant data
that the computers were already easily available around the world,
government auditors said Wednesday. The opposite conclusion is true, said the General Accounting Office, the
audit arm of Congress. In a report released to a Senate panel, the auditors
found that such high-performance computers "are not readily available" to
countries of national security concern to the United States, like China,
India or Pakistan. The GAO report also said that American manufacturers continue to dominate
the overseas market. An important administration argument for loosening
export controls was that easing controls was the only way
American computer makers could compete against widely available
foreign-made technology. The auditors said that "a key element" in the decision to relax the export
controls was a Stanford University study, commissioned by the Commerce and
Defense departments without any competition, that said some U.S. computer
technology was uncontrollable worldwide and efforts to control it would
harm the industry.  But the auditors said that the study "lacked empirical evidence or
analysis regarding its conclusion" of uncontrollability. The GAO also said
that the study failed to do one of its assigned tasks: study how countries
like China might use the computers for military purposes. Within a year after the export rules were loosened, military installations
in Russia and China obtained a few powerful new American computers,
prompting criminal investigations and a retightening by Congress of the
export controls.  The study's authors responded to the GAO, and their responses were
presented to the Senate subcommittee on International Security,
Proliferation and Federal Services by Harold Johnson, the GAO's associate
director. Johnson said that the authors told the accounting office that they did not
do a national security threat analysis because the federal government does
not have the right information to do such a study. Seymour Goodman, the
study's principal author, disputed the GAO's criticism of his report's
analysis. "We had a lot of empirical evidence and we did a comprehensive
analysis that was different from theirs and that focused on the
availability of U.S.-built systems." William Reinsch, the undersecretary of commerce for export administration,
defended the administration's relaxation of controls and said the GAO had
asked the wrong question in looking at the computer marketplace. "Even though the U.S. today dominates the market for high-performance
computers, there is a performance threshold below which we can not
realistically expect to maintain control of computers unless we restrict
sales to our closest allies," he said. Reinsch went on to argue that the GAO was wrong to rank national security
as the top priority for looking at this issue. Instead, he said, the first
priority should be the realities of the marketplace, where high-performance
computers "are becoming less and less controllable because they are
becoming smaller, cheaper, more powerful and more reliable, requiring less
vendor support." President Clinton announced the change in policy in late 1995, fulfilling a
pledge he made early in his administration to computer executives. The move
also helped countries like China, which could now buy more
advanced American computers without any federal license as long as the
technology was used for civilian purposes. But the new rules made the exporter responsible for deciding whether a
license was required, a decision previously made by the federal government.
This new responsibility, the GAO report said, was "particularly difficult"
for companies selling to countries like China, "where identifying the
distinction between a civilian and military end user can be difficult
without information that is sometimes available only to the U.S. government." Now, the Clinton administration is weighing whether to further relax the
computer export limits. But the administration's critics remain "concerned
that the policy is flawed," said Sen. Thad Cochran, R-Miss., who led
Wednesday's hearing.   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:45:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Pentagon curbs Web content 
Source:  ComputerWorld
 (Online News, 09/18/98 01:07 PM)
Pentagon curbs Web content
By Sharon Machlis
 Top Pentagon officials are scouring military Web sites to see if too much
information is being made public -- data that could potentially help the
country's enemies.  Some observers fear that listing members of specific military units could
help terrorists find revenge targets, for example, particularly after an
operation such as the recent missile strikes in Afghanistan and the Sudan.  "Basically, the military does stupid things," said Ira Winkler, a former
analyst at the National Security Agency and author of the books Corporate
Espionage and Through the Eyes of the Enemy.  "The military does not exercise good operational security when it comes to
their Web sites ... There's no valid reason for a military unit to have a
Web site," Winkler said.  Deputy Defense Secretary John Hamre and the military's Joint Staff have
been checking for Web postings such as building plans, research and
development efforts and "personnel information that could perhaps provide
too much information," said Defense Department spokesman Kenneth Bacon, in
a statement.  A more formal, militarywide policy on what should and shouldn't be put on
the Web is in the works, added department spokesman Susan Hansen.  Winkler said it is ill-advised to post things such as personnel lists or
commanders' biographies -- which often include family information -- on the
Web. He also recommended against companies posting similar information
about corporate officers.  In fact, some companies already restrict the data they post about
personnel and even product pricing -- although the concern is less about
terrorists and more about competitors.  "We're in the process now, as I believe many private companies are, of
trying to sort out what the right balance is between providing useful
information and providing more information than is necessary," Bacon said.  Copyright (c) 1998 Computerworld, Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:56:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Killed by Police? Keep it Secret 
Source:  Rocky Mountain News
Secrecy pushed in killings
by police But critics say names of officers should always
be made public By Kevin Vaughan
Rocky Mountain News Staff Writer
A move is afoot in Colorado to keep the names of
police officers who shoot people secret.
A Greeley judge this week ruled that the public has no
right to know which officers shot and killed four
people over the past two years.
"That seems like sort of the ultimate double standard
to me, because I can shoot and kill someone in my
house in self-defense, and my name will be open as a
matter of public record," said Chris Cobler, managing
editor of the Greeley Tribune.
The paper had sued the Greeley Police Department,
the Weld County Sheriff's Department and the district
attorney's office to obtain the officers' names.
At least one legislator praised Weld District Judge
Jonathan Hays' Wednesday ruling.
"I am strongly opposed to releasing the names of
those officers that have not been found accountable,
or found guilty, in a shooting," said state Sen. Ken
Arnold, R-Westminster.
Arnold spent 28 years with the Colorado State Patrol
before becoming a lawmaker.
The State Patrol and most other Colorado police
agencies release the names of officers involved in
shootings -- some agencies immediately, others in
weeks or months.
But newspaper editors and the American Civil
Liberties Union worry that the disclosure practice may
soon end because of the ruling.
In Aurora, Police Chief Vern Saint Vincent has
refused to identify two officers who killed a gunman in
a domestic dispute a week ago, citing the same legal
provisions the Greeley judge used.
Saint Vincent said his decision is temporary, and he
plans to identify the officers after investigating threats
against them.
But he may change his mind. He said he expects his
officers to lobby for secrecy and that he'll consider it.
"There simply can't be a right to privacy for someone
with the full authority of a law enforcement officer
who has used deadly force against a citizen," said
Tom Kelley, an attorney for the Colorado Press
Association. "You could make the argument that
anyone accused of a crime has a right to privacy,
which I don't think anyone would take very seriously."
At issue is the interpretation of two state laws
governing the release of public records and
criminal-justice documents. The laws spell out what
the public has a right to see.
Hays ruled that police shootings are not "official
actions" as defined by the Criminal Justice Records
Act. As such, they fall under an area of the law that
allows police and sheriff's departments to withhold
information that is "contrary to the public interest."
Identifying the officers, Hays wrote, "plays no
significant, positive role in the functioning of the
criminal-justice process."
But one of the state's top cops doesn't see it that way.
"I just have this problem with the idea that that should
be a blanket policy," said Pat Ahlstrom, executive
director of the state Department of Public Safety.
"We don't see it that way. They're public officers, and
the act of using force and deadly force is subject to
public scrutiny."
The department oversees the State Patrol and the
Colorado Bureau of Investigation.
A check of other law enforcement agencies in the
Denver area found that all routinely release the names
of officers in shootings.
"There's really no reason for us not to release the
names," said Adams County sheriff's Sgt. Mike
Different agencies have different rules about when the
names are released. For some, it comes within 24
hours of a shooting. Others wait longer.
Lakewood, for example, withholds the name of an
officer involved in a shooting until the investigation is
finished. "It is the same procedure that is afforded any citizen in
Lakewood that is investigated in a shooting," police
spokeswoman Lynn Kimbrough said. "For us, it is not
a matter of 'if.' It is simply a matter of 'when."'
Cobler said the Tribune has no plan to appeal this
week's ruling.
But others said they expect an effort to change it,
either through an appeal or by attempting to change
the laws to make them clearer.
"Let's change the statute," said Mark Silverstein, legal
director of the ACLU of Colorado.
Arnold, however, said he trusts police and
prosecutors to investigate shootings thoroughly.
September 19, 1998 To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:56:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Hacker editor rides herd on unruly institution 
Source:  Fox News - AP
Hacker editor rides herd on unruly institution
 11.01 a.m. ET (1502 GMT) September 19, 1998
 By Chris Allbritton, Associated Press
 SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - The lines of text scrolled off the screen quickly,
but the bleached-blond hacker snatched quick glances at the visitors' log
on his Web page. Lots of visitors using military and government computers.
The hacker, who calls himself Route, said he always gets a kick out of the
feds' visits. He smiled.  The FBI, the CIA and the others "wouldn't be doing their job if they
weren't tracking computer information both legitimate and illegitimate,''
Route said. "I guess Phrack falls somewhere in between.''  Phrack is an online publication called a 'zine. It's a digital chimera:
written for hackers but read by law enforcement, too. It's been the subject
of federal prosecution, yet it still operates in the open. Its name
combines "hack'' and "phreak,'' which refers to phone hacking.  It's got attitude, technical know-how and in many ways defines today's
hacker scene. It first hit the electronic bulletin boards Nov. 17, 1985,
ages ago in hacker years.  To put its longevity in perspective, Phrack came out two years after the
movie "WarGames'' in which actor Matthew Broderick established the cliched
image of the hacker as the lonely kid who altered his grades with a
computer. Phrack predates the World Wide Web by almost a decade. And Phrack
is older than many of its readers, who number about 8,000, said Route, who
refuses to give his real name.  Route, 24, doesn't look like the scrawny computer nerd with the
cathode-ray pallor so many think of when the word hacker is mentioned.
Silver earrings dangle from each ear and a bar pierces his tongue. Spidery
tattoos creep down his shoulders and over biceps grown solid with hours of
iron work.  Behind his glower lies a keen mind that cuts through computer network
problems like a digital knife, an invaluable skill for his day job at a
computer security firm with Fortune 500 companies for clients. Route
refused to name his company.  Phrack's improbable history begins in 1985 when a hacker with the handle
Taran King cobbled together various subversive texts that had been
circulating like Soviet-era samizdat on the archipelago of underground
electronic bulletin boards. It included all sorts of mischief-making: "How
to Pick Master Locks,'' "How to Make an Acetylene Bomb'' and
"School/College Computer Dial-Ups.''  But Phrack found itself the focus of federal prosecution in 1990, when
editor Craig Neidorf, a k a Knight Lightning, was prosecuted by the Chicago
Computer Fraud and Abuse Task Force. His alleged crime? He published a
document in Phrack with certain details of the emergency 911 systems in use
around the country. It had been given to him by another hacker who had
copied it from computers owned by BellSouth, which valued it at almost
$80,000.  But the task force wanted to prove the document was more than valuable.
Assistant U.S. Attorney William J. Cook said it put dangerous information
in the hands of hackers.  The case fell apart when Neidorf's lawyer proved that more detailed
information about the system had appeared in other publications. You could
order them from phone company technical catalogs for $13. The charges were
dropped. Neidorf's trial was over.  If today's Phrack is a bit less confrontational, that's understandable.
Like many of the older hackers, Route is shifting his focus away from
anarchy texts and phone hacking to computer security. Its "how-to'' days
are pretty much over.  "Phrack is not meant to be a manual of vulnerabilities,'' he said.  As the editor, Route knows that Phrack can still be used for illegal
purposes. "But you can't hold people completely liable for just putting
information out there.''  He said he has had "blatantly illegal stuff'' sent to him. Once, he said
he received the technical specifications for most pager systems used in the
country, complete with how to hack those systems. He didn't publish.  "It's a judgment call,'' he said. "I have no intention of running up
against the law or (upsetting) the military.''  But it's almost guaranteed that something gleaned from Phrack will be used
against the computer system of a big and powerful organization or business.  "The scene is going to do what the scene is going to do,'' he said. "It's
like any clique in society. You have good people and you have bad people.''                   (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:44:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Hackers-turned-consultants see business boom 
Source:  Fox News - AP
On guard now, hackers-turned-consultants see business boom
 11.00 a.m. ET (1501 GMT) September 19, 1998
 By Chris Allbritton, Associated Press
 NEW YORK (AP) - The hacker calling himself Mudge pushed his long hair
back, scratched his beard and stared at the computer screen. He knew there
was something wrong with the data traffic he was watching, but what was it?  A week earlier, Mudge and his fellow hackers in their hangout known as the
L0pht - pronounced "loft'' - had acquired some software that was supposed
to let computers talk to each other in code. But as Mudge watched the data
he realized someone else was doing the same and maybe even decoding it,
which shouldn't happen.  "So you are saying that you're using DES to communicate between the
computers?'' Mudge recalled asking representatives of the software maker.
Yes, they said, they were using DES, a standard encryption method that for
years was considered virtually uncrackable.  But this wasn't DES, thought Mudge. It's almost as if...  Whoa. He blinked and felt the adrenaline kick in. This wasn't secure at
all. In fact, the encoding was only slightly more complex than the simple
cyphers kids did in grade school - where "A'' is set to 1, "B'' is set to
2, and so on.  The company was selling this software as a secure product, charging
customers up to $10,000. And yet, it had a security hole big enough to
waltz through.  Instead of exploiting this knowledge, Mudge confronted the company.  "You realize there isn't any secure or 'strong' encoding being used in
your communications between the computers, don't you?'' he asked.  "Well...''  "And that you claimed you were using DES to encrypt the data,'' he pressed.  "That will go in the next revision.''  Mudge is a "real'' hacker - one who used to snoop around the nation's
electronic infrastructure for the sheer love of knowing how it worked. His
kind today are sighted about as often as the timberwolf, and society has
attached to them the same level of legend.  Like the wolf, they were once considered a scourge. Law enforcement and
telecommunication companies investigated and arrested many of them during
the late 1980s and early '90s.  Today, many elite hackers of the past are making a go at legitimate work,
getting paid big bucks by Fortune 500 companies to explore computer
networks and find the weak spots.  And none too soon. The void left by the old hackers has been filled by a
new, more destructive generation.  So today, Mudge - who uses a pseudonym like others in the hacker
community, a world where anonymity keeps you out of trouble - wears a white
hat. As part of L0pht, the hacker think tank, he and six comrades hole up
in a South End loft space in Boston and spend their evenings peeling open
software and computer networks to see how they work.  When they find vulnerabilities in supposedly secure systems, they publish
their findings on the World Wide Web in hopes of embarrassing the companies
into fixing the problems. A recent example: They posted notice via the
Internet of a problem that makes Lotus Notes vulnerable to malicious hackers.  A Lotus spokesman said the company was aware of the flaw but it was
extremely technical and unlikely to affect anyone.  The hackers at L0pht have made enemies among industry people, but they
command respect. They were even called to testify before the U.S. Senate
Committee on Governmental Affairs in May.  Why do they publish what they find?  "If that information doesn't get out,'' Mudge replies, "then only the bad
guys will have it.''  The "bad guys'' are the hacker cliche: secretive teen-age boys lurking
online, stealing credit card numbers, breaking into Pentagon systems, and
generally causing trouble. One of L0pht's members, Kingpin, was just such a
cad when he was younger, extending his online shenanigans to real-world
breaking and entering. Today, L0pht keeps him out of mischief, he said.  "We're like midnight basketball for hackers,'' said Weld Pond, another
member.  Malicious hacking seems to be on the rise.  Nearly two out of three companies reported unauthorized use of their
computer systems in the past year, according to a study by the Computer
Security Institute and the FBI. Another study, from Software AG Americas,
said 7 percent of companies reported a "very serious'' security breach, and
an additional 16 percent reported "worrisome'' breaches. However, 72
percent said the intrusions were relatively minor with no damage.  American companies spent almost $6.3 billion on computer security last
year, according to research firm DataQuest. The market is expected to grow
to $13 billion by 2000.  Government computers are vulnerable, too. The Defense Department suffered
almost 250,000 hacks in 1995, the General Accounting Office reported. Most
were detected only long after the attack.  This is why business booms for good-guy hackers.  Jeff Moss, a security expert with Secure Computing Inc., runs a
$995-a-ticket professional conference for network administrators, where
hackers-cum-consultants mingle with military brass and CEOs.  "I don't feel like a sellout,'' said Moss, who wouldn't elaborate on his
hacking background. "People used to do this because they were really into
it. Now you can be into it and be paid.''  News reports show why such services are needed:  - Earlier this month, hackers struck the Web site of The New York Times,
forcing the company to shutter it for hours. Spokeswoman Nancy Nielsen said
the break-in was being treated as a crime, not a prank. The FBI's computer
crime unit was investigating.  - This spring, two California teen-agers were arrested for trying to hack
the Pentagon's computers. Israeli teen Ehud Tenebaum, a k a "The
Analyzer,'' said he mentored the two on how to do it. The two Cloverdale,
Calif., youths pleaded guilty in late July and were placed on probation.  - Kevin Mitnick, the only hacker to make the FBI's Ten Most Wanted list,
was arrested in 1995, accused of stealing 20,000 credit card numbers. He
remains in prison. A film called "TakeDown,'' about the electronic
sleuthing that led to Mitnick's capture, is in the works. Comments
protesting Mitnick's prosecution were left during the hack of the New York
Times Web site.  - In 1994, Vladimir Levin, a graduate of St. Petersburg Tekhnologichesky
University, allegedly masterminded a Russian hacker gang and stole $10
million from Citibank computers. A year later, he was arrested by Interpol
at Heathrow airport in London.  "Lemme tell ya,'' growled Mark Abene one night over Japanese steak
skewers. "Kids these days, they got no respect for their elders.''  Abene, known among fellow hackers as Phiber Optik, should know. He was one
of those no-account kids in the 1980s when he discovered telephones and
computers. For almost 10 years, he wandered freely through the nation's
telephone computer systems and, oh, the things he did and saw.  Celebrities' credit reports were his for the taking. Unlimited free phone
calls from pilfered long-distance calling card numbers. Private phone lines
for his buddies, not listed anywhere. And the arcane knowledge of trunk
lines, switches, the entire glory of the network that connected New York
City to the rest of the world.  But Abene's ticket to ride was canceled in January 1994, when, at age 22,
he entered Pennsylvania's Schuylkill Prison to begin serving a
year-and-a-day sentence for computer trespassing. The FBI and the Secret
Service described him as a menace. The sentencing judge said Abene, as a
spokesman for the hacking community, would be made an example.                   (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:45:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Use of SWAT Teams on the Rise 
Source:  Charlotte (N.Carolina) Observer
Published Saturday, September 19, 1998 SWAT team approach less risky, police say
Use of squads on rise around region, nation
 By LEIGH DYER  Staff Writer Across the country, police departments are using SWAT teams to deal with
high-risk situations like the Sept. 4 drug raid that ended with a Charlotte
man dead.
Court papers said police were looking for evidence of drug dealing, but
they found no drugs in the Mayfair Avenue home.
Charlotte-Mecklenburg police say the paramilitary-style squad reduces the
risks to officers and the public in dangerous situations. But some critics
say using the SWAT team for search warrants is too heavy-handed.
Records show the Charlotte-Mecklenburg team is used sparingly. Last year,
SWAT officers were involved in 14 of the 441 warrants served by
Charlotte-Mecklenburg police. Of 251 warrants executed from January to Aug.
31, SWAT team members served 15.
Of the 29 raids before Charles Irwin Potts' death, one resulted in minor
injuries. Potts' death is the first shooting during a search warrant since
the team organized in 1992.
It's less clear how often the team succeeds in finding what it's after. In
almost every raid, the team reports either an arrest or a seizure of
weapons or drugs. But they don't always seize the goods they were looking for.
The Sept. 4 raid netted three guns and gambling equipment -- but no
evidence of the cocaine dealing an informant told them they'd find.
Maj. Piper Charles, who is in charge of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg team,
said that when the team is used is not based on the likelihood of finding
drugs. Instead, it's based on the likelihood of facing armed resistance.
``The primary purpose is to save lives,'' said Charles. ``A successful
mission is one in which absolutely no one gets hurt.''
More scrutiny
SWAT calls range from negotiation with hostage-takers to quelling riots to
raids for guns, drugs or evidence of other criminal activity. The 42-member Charlotte-Mecklenburg Special Weapons and Tactics team uses
special equipment, including heavy body armor and laser-sighted guns. The
duty is part time. Team members are also assigned to other regular patrol
Nationally, the increased use of SWAT teams has drawn praise from those who
say their tactics are safer than traditional law--enforcement methods. But Peter Kraska, a criminology professor at Eastern Kentucky University
who has tracked SWAT teams, said they have a downside.
``Often when you see them in a neighborhood piling out of a vehicle . . .
it gives the community an impression they're kind of under siege,'' he said. Regionally, SWAT teams have become more active in counties including
Gaston, Union and Cabarrus in recent years. Sgt. Jeff Eisenhour, commander
of the Gaston County Police SWAT team, said most operations go more
smoothly with such a well-trained team, rather than regular patrol officers.
``The biggest advantage is the training,'' he said. ``Everybody knows what
everyone is doing.''
The Potts shooting has put the methods and policies of the SWAT team under
a microscope, said Charlotte-Mecklenburg's Charles. Those methods include
the use of ``flash-bangs,'' a diversionary device thrown into a room to
stun and distract occupants with a bang and bright lights while SWAT team
members storm in.
``My position is that you're not going to find a safer way to do it,''
Charles said.
As SWAT teams grow in popularity, they have encountered more questions
about their use. In Fitchburg, Mass., west of Boston, civil libertarians
criticized a SWAT team after its members arrested a group of young men in
1993 for lingering on a sidewalk.
And in Louisville, Ky., family members of a man killed in a SWAT raid in
March 1997 sued, challenging the police procedures. The suit alleges that a
flash-bang may have disoriented the man so much he didn't realize he was
pointing his gun at police officers. The suit is pending.
In Charlotte-Mecklenburg, though, officers say the devices may have saved
lives many times, including during a raid on Jan. 22 when a suspect dropped
a gun after a flash-bang went off.
``I have heard that sometimes people are not properly using their SWAT
teams,'' said Roy House, an instructor at Central Piedmont Community
College who conducts regional SWAT training. ``That's a leadership problem.''
House, who is also a reserve member of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg team,
believes the benefits of the teams outweigh any criticism.
``I would think it's better to go in there and be a little heavy-handed
than to go in there and be outnumbered . . . or outgunned,'' he said. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:56:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: IRS, White House above the law? by Joseph Farah 
between the lines
by Joseph Farah
FRIDAY SEPTEMBER 18, 1998
IRS, White House above the law? Last week, we had our first court hearing in our
$10 million lawsuit against White House and
Internal Revenue Service officials we believe
conspired to use their government power to
harass and intimidate my organization, the
Western Journalism Center, for exposing Clinton
administration scandals for the last four years. This was a procedural hearing in Sacramento
before U.S. Judge Milton Schwartz, a Carter
appointee, who seemed to be preparing the Justice
Department attorney from Washington and our
counsel from Larry Klayman's Judicial Watch for a
major trial. Nevertheless, the government is trying to abort
this trial on the kind of familiar technical grounds
we have come to expect from this administration.
Interestingly, the Justice Department has yet to
dispute the major claims of our case -- that the
center was the victim of a politically motivated
audit designed to squelch our First Amendment
rights. The Justice Department is claiming the one-year
statute of limitations expired before we filed the
suit. Not true. By any standard, we filed in plenty
of time. The audit of our organization ended in
May 1997. We were not officially notified until
June of 1997. No tax-exempt organization in its
right mind would sue the IRS during an audit. We
filed the lawsuit in May of 1998 within one year of
the audit being closed. The Justice Department is claiming an argument
you've heard before from the administration -- that
there is "no controlling legal authority" and, thus,
no legislative remedy for organizations victimized
by political audits. In other words, the president is
free to use the IRS to go after his "enemies" and
there is no punitive action the victim can take
against him or the agents with whom he conspires.
Next week, the Justice Department attorneys will
be back in U.S. District Court in Sacramento to ask
Judge Schwartz to dismiss the case on these
specious grounds. I want to go on record right now as saying that no
matter how the judge rules on this motion, the
Western Journalism Center will not stop in
pressing this matter for adjudication and remedy.
This is a case far too important to the future of this
country and the rule of law to allow it to be dropped. Let's review the basic facts. In 1994, the center
began investigating Clinton administration
corruption. By December 1994, memos released to
congressional investigators show that the White
House counsel's office had begun targeting the
center for action of some kind. In 1995, the center
was a major focus of a White House counsel's
office 331-page report called the Communication
Stream of Conspiracy Commerce. I was the only
journalist profiled in this mammoth report
alleging a wide-ranging media conspiracy against
the president. In early 1996, I first began hearing
rumors that my organization was being targeted
by the IRS. Months later, we were notified that we
were under audit and that our tax-exempt status
was under scrutiny because of the nature of our
investigative work into Clinton administration
corruption during an election year. When we questioned the IRS agent about his
authority to interfere in our First
Amendment-protected activities, he said: "Look,
this is a political case, and the decision will be
made at the national level." We then exposed this blatant abuse of the IRS
against our organization and the pattern of
politically motivated audits against other
non-profits in the pages of the Wall Street Journal.
As a result, Congress began an investigation, and
IRS Commissioner Margaret Milner Richardson
resigned. Ultimately, the agent in charge was
removed from the case, investigated internally by
the IRS and a new agent assigned. The nine-month
audit was then closed within two days. We demanded our case file, which the "Taxpayer
Bill of Rights" states is available to any taxpayer
following an audit. It was denied. We then filed a
Freedom of Information Act request for it. Again it
was denied. The IRS stated that the file would be
withheld because it had been through the hands of others within the IRS and possibly outside of the
agency and was, thus, protected by "governmental
privilege." Having exhausted every available means to
document our growing conviction that we were
targeted for political reasons, we filed suit. If you believe, as I do, that this is a monumentally
important case, I ask for your sincere and
unceasing intercessory prayers that justice will be
done.                     A daily radio broadcast adaptation of Joseph Farah's
                    commentaries can be heard at  Joseph Farah  is editor of WorldNetDaily.com and executive director of the Western Journalism Center, an independent group of investigative reporters.  <   <   <   <   <   <   <
 1. socialism
   ( Noun ]
     : social organization based on goverment control of the
production and distribution of goods.
                                *****
"But if the watchman sees the sword coming and does not blow the trumpet to
warn the people and the sword comes and takes the life of one of them, that
man will be taken away because of his sin, but I will hold the watchman
accountable for his blood."
Ezekiel 33:6 (NIV)
New toll-free hotline to Congress Congress is making a new toll-free number available for
citizens who would like to make their voices heard in
Washington.      1-800-504-0031 Ask for your Congressman office and let him know
what you think.............
<   <   <   <   <   <   <
 ******=========================================*****
"Among the elementary measures the American Soviet government
 will adopt to further the cultural revolution are...
 [a] National Department of Education...the studies will be
 revolutionized, being cleansed of religious, patriotic, and
 other features of the bourgeois ideology. The students will
 be taught the basis of Marxian dialectical materialism,
 internationalism and the general ethics of the
 new Socialist society."
     - William Z. Foster,
       Toward Soviet America, 1932
"...Stage III...would proceed to a point where no state would
have the military power to challenge the progressively strengthened U.N. peace force...
The manufacture of armaments would be prohibited...
All other armaments would be destroyed..."     -Department of State publication number 7277
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-19 21:56:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [Spooks] CIA Losing Its Best Operatives 
Date:         Wed, 16 Sep 1998 22:51:13 -0500
   From:         Bob Margolis      To:         Spooks WASHINGTON (AP) -- The CIA is pumping money and people into  recruiting efforts to battle a trend that the agency's departing inspector general says has sapped the clandestine service of its most experienced hands.         Agency officials outlined Tuesday initiatives that CIA Director
George Tenet announced internally last month to increase pay, provide hiring bonuses and shorten the waiting time for job offers.         ``There are plenty of headhunters out there ready to pounce on  strong candidates,'' Tenet told agency employees in his announcement. ``To delay is to lose.''         The program is intended to combat a problem outlined in an op-ed  article by outgoing CIA Inspector General Fred Hitz who said the CIA's Directorate of Operations, the clandestine spy service, is losing its best people amid organizational drift and declining morale.         ``The picture is not encouraging,'' said Hitz, the CIA's chief  watchdog from 1990 until this year. Writing in an op-ed article in The Washington Post, Hitz said the Directorate of Operations ``has been shrinking in size and capability since the end of the Cold War.''         A recent study showed departures from the agency due to  attrition ``involved high-quality officers the agency could not afford to lose,'' Hitz wrote.         The number of CIA employees is classified, but the Federation of
American Scientists, a Washington-based group that follows intelligence matters, estimates it has shrunk from more than 20,000 to about 16,000 since the Cold War. The clandestine service is estimated at several thousand.         Agency and congressional officials said the critique may be  outdated as the CIA pumps new money and energy into recruiting. But one knowledgeable congressional staffer said the problem got so bad that an entire incoming class of operatives -- perhaps a few dozen recruits -- had to be canceled for lack of money.         Hitz pointed to the difficulty of recruiting in a booming  economy and to low morale as a result of ``the lack of a clear mission'' at CIA.         ``Nobody worth his or her salt is going to join an organization
that has lost faith in itself, is confused about its mission and is trapped in the sclerosis of a middle-aged bureaucracy,'' he said.         Rep. Porter Goss, R-Fla., chairman of the House Intelligence  Committee and a former CIA clandestine operative, said an instinct to blame the CIA every time a risky intelligence venture fails is taking its toll.         ``With so many unyielding critics, the CIA has become gun-shy,''
Goss said.         Sen. Bob Kerrey, D-Neb., vice chairman of the Senate  Intelligence Committee, said Hitz has been a leading critic of the clandestine service and may himself be partly to blame for low morale. Still, Kerrey agreed recruitment is a serious agency problem.         Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala., the committee chairman, said the  CIA must focus more clearly on defining its mission and outlining how it will use field operatives to combat terrorism, weapons proliferation and drug trafficking.         In recent months, the House and Senate Intelligence Committees  have pushed for more money for the CIA's so-called human intelligence efforts, including its field operatives. -=-=-                               AP NEWS
               The Associated Press News Service
             Copyright 1998 by The Associated Press
                      All Rights Reserved
Submissions should be sent to spooks
To unsubscribe, send "unsubscribe spooks" to majordomo
Black Helicopters on the Horizon:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-22 21:02:11
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Police seek to intercept emails without warrant: UK 
Source:  London Telegraph
UK News Electronic Telegraph Sunday 20 September 1998
Issue 1213
Police seek to intercept emails without warrant
By David Bamber THE police will be able to intercept private emails without obtaining
a warrant, under a new agreement being finalised with Internet
The Telegraph has discovered that the police are negotiating the right
to monitor electronic letters by examining information held on disks
at the offices of the computer companies providing the links.
Because the laws on interception were drafted before emails were
widely used, the police do not need to obtain individual warrants to
read the correspondence. Telephone tapping and the interception of
ordinary post require a warrant from the Home Secretary, Jack
The police say they need access to emails sent by the country's
eight-million Internet users so that they can monitor criminal activity,
especially paedophile and pornography rings. Mr Straw is backing
the proposed agreement. The police want all Internet providers to
keep copies of emails for a week. But the far-reaching moves have
led to fears that the private correspondence of innocent people and
businesses will be routinely monitored.
Liz Parratt, of the civil liberties organisation, Liberty, said: "Allowing
the police to read emails without a warrant would be akin to allowing
them to steam open our letters as soon as we put them in the post
box. I'd be interested to hear if any Internet providers signed up to
this shabby deal."
The first of three forums between Internet providers and the
Association of Chief Police Officers will be held in Edinburgh on
(c) Copyright Telegraph Group Limited 1998.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-22 22:39:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: US Easing Bank Rules on Big Cash Transactions 
Source:  New York Times
September 22, 1998
U.S. Is Easing Bank Rules on Big Cash Transactions By REUTERS
WASHINGTON -- The Treasury Department announced Monday
that it was trimming its requirements for reporting large cash
transactions. The measures had been introduced to try to curb money
laundering. Banks had criticized the requirements, the Treasury said, "because they
mandated repetitive paperwork" for routine transactions. The changes
will lighten the banks' paperwork load but will make bankers responsible
for acting as monitors and reporting anything to the authorities that they
think is out of the ordinary and that might indicate criminal activity. The new rules will permit banks to conduct most transactions with "cash
intensive businesses" without having to report to the Government under
the 1970 Bank Secrecy Act. But banks will still have to file reports on
transactions of $10,000 or more with individuals and with certain types
of businesses. "This rule does not exempt banks from reporting suspicious activity
involving those exempted activities," the Treasury said. "In addition,
certain categories of businesses, such as real estate brokers, automobile
dealers and money transmitters, may not be exempted." The reporting requirements were originally established to help law
enforcement officials combat money-laundering by drug dealers and
other criminals who pass large amounts through businesses and banks to
give an appearance of legality. The new rules, published today in The Federal Register, will permit a
bank to exempt a domestic business that routinely needs large amounts of
cash simply by filing a form stating that the business is exempt. The
business must have been a customer of the bank for at least a year. Banks, savings institutions and credit unions can begin using the new rules
on Oct. 21. The Treasury said businesses exempted from reporting rules by a bank
must have their exemptions reviewed every two years. But it said it was
dropping a requirement that banks include details about all of a
customer's transactions on the renewal form. In 1997, the Treasury said, more than 12 million currency transaction
reports were filed. It said that as a result of the latest rules changes, as
well as an earlier streamlining of reporting requirements for transactions
between banks, financial institutions should be able to reduce such filings
by about 30 percent.  Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-22 22:40:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Key Goal for UN: Accelerating Fight Against Terrorism 
Source:  USIA
21 September 1998 KEY U.S. GOAL FOR UNGA: ACCELERATING FIGHT AGAINST
TERRORISM (Ambassador Burleigh cites U.S. priorities for 53rd UNGA) (1110)
By Judy Aita
USIA United Nations Correspondent
United Nations -- Emphasizing the Clinton administration's "full
measure of support" for the United Nations, the chief U.S. delegate to
the 53rd General Assembly said that U.S. priorities include furthering
international cooperation against weapons proliferation, terrorism,
and international crime.
Ambassador A. Peter Burleigh, head of the U.S. Mission to the United
Nations, said, "We face in the 53rd session of the General Assembly a
crucial agenda of work, in a year of crucial significance for the
United States and its relationship with the world body, and at a time
when it is more imperative than ever for nations of the world to face
united the threats to our common economic, political, social, and
environmental security."
"The UN provides political and economic options benefiting Americans
in the form of a safer, more prosperous world, and at a savings
through collective cost-sharing rather than unilateral burdensharing,"
he said at a press conference September 18.
"We are convinced that by remaining engaged in the UN we promote vital
American leadership, and reflect the depth of quiet support felt for
the UN among the American people," Burleigh said.
The General Assembly began September 9 overshadowed by crisis
situations around world: the nuclear tests conducted by India and
Pakistan in May, terrorist bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and
Tanzania, growing tension between Iran and Afghanistan, Iraq's refusal
to cooperate with UN weapons inspectors, and continued fighting in the
Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Citing the terrorist bombings in Nairobi and Tanzania and U.S. efforts
to bring to trial two Libyan suspects in the Pan Am bombing almost 10
years ago, Burleigh said "the U.S. and UN are engaged in a struggle
against international terrorism. Our weapon of choice is international
"Our policy is this: No deals with terrorists, bring terrorists to
justice, and pressure states that sponsor and harbor them," he said.
Burleigh noted that the United States remains committed to UN reform,
which has been a major U.S. concern for several years.
"Progress is occurring," the ambassador said. "The UN has cut its
budget and staff, established an inspector general's office, and
strengthened both peacekeeping and administrative operations. The
secretary general's reform initiatives, endorsed by the General
Assembly, are in large part the same as our own goals and will
substantially improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the UN
Ironically, during the 53rd UNGA session, the United States could lose
its voting rights unless the U.S. Congress appropriates the funds
requested by the Clinton administration for UN dues.
According to Article 19 of the UN Charter, any UN member that owes two
years' annual dues loses its voting rights in the assembly. As of
August 31, 1998, the United States owed the United Nations more than
$1,600 million. Of that, $572 million is for the regular budget;
$1,041 million for peacekeeping; and $2.8 million for the
international tribunals. In January the U.S. 1999 assessment of $297.7
million will be due.
"Article 19 does not affect our participation in the Security Council
or other UN bodies and it does not alter our joint agenda for the
coming UNGA session," the ambassador said. The US delegation will
pursue a "vigorous, active agenda," he stressed.
"We were disappointed this year that the legislation passed by
Congress to enable the U.S. to pay its UN arrears included provisions
on international family planning that were totally unacceptable to the
(Clinton) administration," Burleigh said.
"The president has repeatedly voiced his determination that the U.S.
must start repaying its UN arrears," the ambassador said.
"I don't think Congress wants to see a situation where the U.S. loses
its vote," he added. "We hope before adjourning in October Congress
will appropriate the funds. The president and secretary of state are
actively lobbying to make that happen."
President Clinton will be one of more than 30 heads of state or
government who will be addressing the assembly during its traditional
two-week general debate, which begins on September 21.
Burleigh pointed to the president's recent speech on global economic
challenges to the Council on Foreign Relations as significant for
U.S.-UN work as well.
Clinton said that "at this moment of financial turmoil, we are called
upon once again to lead -- to organize the forces of a committed world
to channel unruly energy into positive channels that advance our
interest, reinforce our values, and enhance our security...Now it is
time for us to rise to our responsibility, as America has so many
times before, so that we can redeem the promise of the global economy,
and strengthen our nation for the 21st Century," Burleigh recalled.
"President Clinton's words call (upon) us too, at the start of the
UNGA, to redeem the full promise and potential of the United Nations
for the world," the ambassador said.
The assembly will deal with a wide variety of issues on its 165-item
agenda -- including human rights, arms control and disarmament, the
environment, refugees, drug trafficking, and population.
U.S. goals for the UNGA include:

@_date: 1998-09-23 00:11:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: new sci am articles on encryption 
the new issue of scientific american features
articles on encryption and hacking. one is
by Phil Zimmermann, on public key cryptography.
A policy article by Rivest (of RSA) argues
against encryption restrictions in the US.
a long article on internet hacking and breaking
and entering describes the basic process
that hackers use.
Rivest uses the analogy of "gloves" for
encryption, in the sense that we shouldn't
outlaw gloves because the govt needs always
to obtain fingerprints for identification.
furthermore, "key escrow" is like gluing
fingerprint copies to the bottoms of gloves,
another waste of time.

@_date: 1998-09-24 02:29:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Privacy: FTC Losing Patience w/Business 
Source:  New York Times
September 21, 1998
F.T.C. 'Losing Patience' With Business on
Web Privacy
By JOEL BRINKLEY
WASHINGTON -- After more than a year of heated debate within the
government, the Federal Trade Commission has all but decided that it is
going to part company with the Clinton administration over the contention
that business can regulate itself when it comes to Internet privacy. "We are losing patience with self-regulation," David Medine, an associate
director in the commission's Bureau of Consumer Protection, said in an
interview, reflecting the larger agency opinion on this issue. "It's too
bad, but I think industry has lost the opportunity to show that they will
do it on their own." What was the last straw? Within the F.T.C., they called it "the Big Surf."  lawyers trooped to special training rooms equipped with personal computers
and high-speed Internet connections. And for two weeks, they spent their
days trolling the World Wide Web, searching for privacy problems. Their intention was to find Web sites that collected personal information
from visitors but neglected to post any notice about how that information
would be used. The presumption was that many of the companies sold the
information -- some of it highly personal data on health, income and
personal preferences -- to Internet-list brokers, merchants and advertisers. The "surfers" had no idea what they would find; no one had ever dedicated
the time and manpower needed for this sort of targeted survey of the vast,
tangled, largely unfathomable network that is the World Wide Web. But the
Big Surf produced startling results published in a report this summer. More
than 90 percent of the roughly 1,400 sites examined collected personal
information from visitors, but only 14 percent of them disclosed how that
information would be used, convincing the F.T.C. that formal regulation
would probably be necessary. For more than a year, the Clinton White House had been saying that
businesses using the Internet should be allowed to regulate themselves.  "If there's ever an arena that should be market driven, this is it," Ira
Magaziner, President Clinton's adviser on Internet issues, said as the
White House announced its Internet policy last year. But while the White House was formulating this strategy, a few blocks away
at the F.T.C. -- an independent federal agency not beholden to the
administration -- agency officials were conducting hearings and workshops
on Internet privacy, listening to complaints from members of Congress and
interest groups. They were also installing up-to-date computer equipment so
the agency could carry out the Big Surf and add the Internet to the list of
business arenas subject to F.T.C. scrutiny and enforcement. Now, with results from the Big Surf and the industry's reaction to it in
hand, several senior F.T.C. officials said, the agency will give industry
just a few more months to respond to the recommendations in its report by
demonstrating that it is effectively regulating itself.  Medine said he would expect the industry to conduct a survey like the Big
Surf and hand over the results. If, as most commission officials expect,
industry does not provide such proof, the F.T.C. will draft a bill calling
for clear Internet privacy standards and ask Congress to pass it.  As an independent agency, the commission does not have to get permission
from the Clinton administration to do this. And, given Congress' repeated
statements of concern about Internet privacy, a bill would probably get the
votes needed to pass. "It's not our intention to over-regulate," said Jodie Bernstein, director
of the agency's consumer protection bureau. "We don't want to chill new
technologies." But, she added, Web sites must begin "telling consumers if
they are collecting personal information, what they are going to do with it
and how the consumers can get out of it, if they want to." Generally, that means posting a privacy statement that answers these
questions. But since the results of the Big Surf were published in June,
commission lawyers have begun to believe that some Web sites are actually
choosing not to post privacy statements.  "There's now a perverse, reverse incentive," said Ori Lev, an F.T.C.
official involved in Internet enforcement. "If you don't post a privacy
policy, we can't go after you." That became clear last month, after the commission reached a settlement
with Geocities, a popular site on the World Wide Web that the commission
had accused of lying to its 2 million subscribers. The site offered a
privacy statement that promised not to give out personal information
collected during registration without permission. But the commission found
that Geocities was selling the information anyway. That supposed deception
was the basis for the government's case.  If Geocities had not promised to keep the information private, then it
would probably not have run afoul of the F.T.C.. As a result, Medine said,
"clearly there are a lot of corporate lawyers advising their Web clients
not to do anything now" -- not to post a privacy statement or anything else. Connie LaMotta, a senior vice president with the Direct Marketing
Association, calls that idea nonsense. "It's a very bureaucratic way of
thinking," she said. "It's upside down. Businesses want to post privacy
statements to establish good customer relationships and customer service.
Industry is stepping up to the plate on this." Ms. LaMotta said she and others in the industry agreed with the F.T.C.'s
stated Internet privacy goals. But Ms. LaMotta added that she was certain
that businesses could accomplish the task on their own. "It's our
experience that, when you tap them on the shoulder, change happens. They
say: 'Oh, gosh. OK."' With just a few minutes' effort, most anyone can find a Web site that
collects personal information from visitors, in registration or order
forms, without disclosing how that information will be used. But how those
sites respond when asked about this can differ markedly. A site called Soccer Patch ( is a trading post for
soccer-playing children who want to trade team patches. It lists the names,
e-mail addresses and in some cases the hometowns of children who want to
trade patches. That is a red flag for F.T.C. enforcers. They worry that
child molesters can use the information to find victims.  As soon as a reporter asked Philip Rubin, president of Edge of Chaos, the
company that manages the site, about this, he immediately promised to
change the policy. And a few days later, he did. "We now require all contributors to provide us with signed permission
letters before e-mail addresses/and or names can be posted," he said.
"Contributors under the age of 18 must provide a form signed by their
parents or guardians." And the Soccer Patch site posted the form so that it
can be printed out and mailed. Rosenthal Honda, a Washington area car dealer, had a different approach. The company, like many car dealers, posts a pre-qualification form for auto
loans, requesting a variety of personal information, including income, debt
load and the amount of rent or mortgage payments. Nowhere on the site does
the company say how that information will be used. And when asked about
that, the company issued a statement saying, "We will look at the issue
with our Web developer." Asked two weeks later what had come of this, Rosenthal Honda did not respond. F.T.C. officials say they are investigating other Web sites and will almost
certainly file charges against other companies, as the agency did with
Geocities.  Dean Forbes, 31, an F.T.C. lawyer,  found the Geocities problem and spends
most of his time working on  Internet privacy issues.  "Generally we get ideas from reading the trade press," he said, as well as
from "looking is linking up
with list brokers; we get tips from interest groups, usenet news group
postings -- and complaints." Forbes, for one, disagrees with the idea that a Web site can escape trouble
if it simply decides not to post a privacy policy. "If you don't make a
visible statement," he said, "that does not mean there isn't an implied
claim." But while his agency and the rest of the government figure out whether to
push for new rules on Web privacy, Forbes sees a bit of improvement on the
Web. "I'm not saying everything's great," he said. "But there is movement."  Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-24 02:29:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Biometric Security Showcased at Int'l Conference 
Source:  PR Newswire
SAFLINK and Unisys to Showcase Biometric Security Solutions for Banking at
World Wide Users Conference TAMPA, Fla., Sept. 22 /PRNewswire/ -- SAFLINK Corporation (Nasdaq: NRID), a
leader in the implementation of biometric technology in the financial
industry, will be participating in Unisys Corporation's second annual FBA
Navigator Users Conference, October 4 - 7 in Puerto Rico.The conference
provides an opportunity for users, and prospective users, of Unisys FBA
Navigator retail delivery suite to discuss trends and issues in the banking
industry, learn about Unisys product plans, provide feedback to Unisys, and
meet with peer users from around the world.
Targeted at bank marketing and delivery channel executives, and at senior
technical professionals, the conference theme is "Multiple Channels One
Solution."Presentations and interactive business sessions focus on one of
the most critical issues facing bankers today: how to maintain a
consistently high level of customer service while securely delivering
products and services through a variety of channels.Among the delivery
channels the conference will address are the branch, the call center, the
Internet and mobile banking.
Conference highlights include:
-An on-site tour of Westernbank, a Unisys FBA Navigator client and a
SAFLINK finger imaging client.The tour will highlight the recently
installed Unisys retail branch solution, which includes finger imaging
hardware and software from SAFLINK.Attendees will also receive a private
demonstration of the solution and will have an opportunity to address
questions to Westernbank, Unisys and Unisys business partners, including
SAFLINK, Microsoft Corporation and Genesys Corporation, during a panel
discussion following the site visit.
-A keynote address by Dr. James B. Moore, Ph. D., President and CEO of
highly respected Mentis Corporation, a leading financial services research
firm.Mentis recently published a research report on biometric technology
entitled 'Beyond the PIN: Evolving Strategies and Implementations of
Biometrics-Based Recognition for Financial Services,' which included an
overview of SAFLINK's kiosk installation at Purdue Employees Federal Credit
Union.(Further information about Mentis is available through the company's
web site at -A thought-provoking slate of business and technical sessions designed to
address the benefits of a multi-channel strategy, and to highlight various
implementation considerations and approaches.
-A dinner in Mayaguez, sponsored by Unisys, SAFLINK, Microsoft and Genesys,
with a special "Welcome to Puerto Rico" address by Frank C. Stipes,
President of Westernbank.
SAFLINK, a Unisys Marketing Associate business partner, has worked with
Unisys to seamlessly integrate biometric technology with the highly
regarded Unisys FBA Navigator retail delivery solution.Capabilities
developed with Unisys include customer identification, and
teller/supervisor log-on and transaction approvals."Our partners add key
capabilities to the FBA Navigator solution, to the ultimate benefit of our
customers" said Judy Jones, Unisys FBA Navigator Program Director."We are
very excited about our partnership with SAFLINK, which enables us to offer
our retail delivery clients leading-edge biometric authentication."
Westernbank is the first Unisys customer to install the integrated FBA
Navigator/SAFLINK solution."We cannot say enough good things about how well
this partnership has worked" said Israel Lorenzana, Unisys Account
Executive, for Westernbank Puerto Rico."SAFLINK's expertise in integrating
biometrics, along with the outstanding support from their technical staff,
helped the development and integration effort move quickly.Their
willingness to participate in every aspect of the project, including areas
such as user training and helping the bank develop informative customer
brochures, also contributed to the success of this installation.They are
key players in the Westernbank/Unisys team."
About SAFLINK
SAFLINK Corporation, a National Registry Inc. subsidiary based in Tampa,
Florida, brings the Power of Biometric Identificationa to enterprise
networks and the Internet.The Company provides cost-effective
multi-biometric software solutions to verify individual identity, to
protect business and personal information, and to replace passwords and
PINs in order to safeguard and simplify access to electronic systems and
enable new online services for customers.The Company's Secure
Authentication Facility (SAF(TM)) suite of multi-biometric network security
products delivers enterprise-level secure access control to a range of
software platforms and network applications, including Microsoft(R) Windows
NT(R) and Internet Information Server(R). Further information is available
through the Company's World Wide Web Site (
About Unisys
Unisys is an information technology solutions provider that has a portfolio
of information services, technologies and third-party alliances needed to
help clients capitalize on their information asset to enhance their
competitiveness and responsiveness to customers. Unisys expertise is founded on the strengths of three global businesses:
Information Services, providing consulting, application solutions, systems
integration and outsourcing; Computer Systems, providing industry-leading
technologies; and Global CustomerServices, delivering comprehensive
services and products supporting distributed computing environments. Access
the Unisys home page on the World Wide Web --
 -- for further information.
SOURCE SAFLINK Corporation
Web Site: (c)1998 PR Newswire.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-24 02:29:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Biometric Signature for "Forms w/o Paper" 
Source:  PR Newswire
Doxis, Inc. Announces Forms Without Paper Version 2.1 Computerized
Data/Document Input And Storage System New Release Lets Pharmaceutical Workers Input Process and Analytical
Forms/Data Into Secure Document Databases, With Improved Document Authoring
Features and Capabilities. Communicates With Key Enterprise Systems.
                  Visit Doxis at WorldPharm '98 Booth     NORWOOD, MA Sept. 22 /PRNewswire/ -- Lewis Bell, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Doxis, Inc., Norwood, MA, a pioneer and leader in the
development of mobile computer-based forms management software systems,
announced today, at WorldPharm '98, the latest version of Forms Without
Paper(TM) -- Version 2.1.
    Doxis developed and markets Forms Without Paper -- the first software
package that allows mobile pharmaceutical workers to input critical,
real-time batch process, research and analytical forms and data -- with
biometric signatures -- directly and interactively into a secure document
database.  The original data is locked into the form, the electronic
equivalent of the original paper copy.  However, data can also be made
available to enterprise databases without retranscription, and without
altering the original form. Forms Without Paper is a client server software
toolset that provides data for trend analysis, and can be customized to
interface to standards compliant MES (Manufacturing Execution Systems),
LIMS (Laboratory Information Management Systems), and ERP (Enterprise
Resource Planning) systems.
    Lewis Bell, Doxis, Inc., President and CEO, said, "Forms Without Paper
Version 2.1 features a more advanced and flexible document authoring
architecture designed to better facilitate and speed the process of
changing and revalidating forms.  This is a major breakthrough in
computerized data/document input and storage, and provides tremendous
advantages to pharmaceutical manufacturers who wish to use electronic
records."     Forms Without Paper Version 2.1 provides a superior vehicle for the
collection of handwritten forms and data by mobile workers.  It bridges
gaps between the capture of handwritten, signed documents and data
collection in highly regulated industries such as pharmaceutical and HBA
manufacturing. These industries now have the ability to automate the
capture of these documents and data at the point of work.  They can also
share it over
worldwide enterprise systems, with their document management systems, and
with other systems, including MES and LIMS.     According to Bell, using Forms Without Paper Version 2.1,
pharmaceutical companies now have a way to computerize both their existing
paper-based batch records and laboratory data sheets that is based upon
their current paradigm, and, therefore, is intuitive, non-disruptive to
their operations, and painless to implement by industry standards.
    The software enforces version control and increased accuracy of data
collection.  It automatically verifies data integrity and applied
tolerances per field.  It proactively enforces compliance with SOP's, and
provides a
patented audit trail for changes.  The orms Without Paper client runs on a
pen-based terminal operating under Windows 95(R)/98(R) -- the equivalent of
an electronic clipboard.  The hand held unit communicates with the server
via wireless LAN.  The new release will be available in the first quarter
of 1999 to pharmaceutical and consumer product manufacturers subject to FDA
    Bell is quick to point out that the new system does not obsolete
existing forms processes, but rather automates them, making them more
efficient and secure, and less error prone.  "Many companies do not want to
reinvent the wheel when it comes to processing the forms they use
throughout their operations," Bell states.  "However, they do want a better
way to ensure the accuracy and timeliness of their forms.  They want to
control their forms throughout their life cycles, as the valuable corporate
assets they are."
    Using Forms Without Paper, a worker now enters the data onto the
electronic clipboard using a pen, just as he or she would when using a
paper form.  The layout of the form is the same as the paper version, and
workers can also print out the paper form if they need to.
    As it is collected, information is date and time stamped, operator
identified, and secured within the intelligent form to provide a cGMP
compliant audit trail that will include all information captured in
association with the data.  Digital signatures that are captured are
non-excisable, and can also be verified to authenticate the entry, if
desired. Completed forms are stored in a Secure Document Database.
    Once transferred to the user's network, information is available to
backend ODBC databases, desktop applications, and ODMA standards compliant
document management software.  Forms Without Paper can also be used as a
front end to enterprise packages such as SAP(R) and BPCS(R), allowing
companies to extend the reach of these applications to mobile workers.     Training on the system is available, as well as consultation and
professional services, including validation services.  Distribution,
product support, consultation and professional services will be handled
through the
Doxis direct sales channel.     Forms Without Paper(TM) and Doxis are registered trademarks of Doxis,
Inc. All other companies and products mentioned are trademarks of their
respective companies.
SOURCE Doxis, Inc.
(c)1998 PR Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-24 02:29:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Fwd: SHOWDOWN AT THE FCC (Microbroadcasting) 
please forward to anyone you know who would be interested
SHOWDOWN AT THE FCC!!!
FREE RADIO ACTIVISTS MARCH ON WASHINGTON TO CONFRONT THE GLOBAL MEDIA
MONOPOLY AND THEIR MARIONNETTES IN GOVERNMENT!
Sunday October 4th and Monday October 5th
Calling all media activists, radio pirates, people for a democratic media
and people just fed up with crappy corporate radio:
Come to DC for the first national mobilization for free radio.
Microbroadcasters from around the country will gather for two days to
share radio skills, organize alliances, speak out to the media and protest
at the FCC and NAB buildings, culminating in a live broadcast straight
into the offices of the people working so hard to shut us down. Free Radio
Berkeley, Radio Mutiny, Steal This Radio and other microstations have all
broadcasted live in public and challenged the FCC to shut them down in the
light of day, in front of the press and the Feds have never dared to show
their face- this time, we're going to take it right to their doorstep and
tell them that if they're so sure that their dumb law is worth enforcing,
then the Chairman should come down from the 8th floor and put the cuffs on
us himself. There will also be workshops to help new folks start stations,
appointments will be made to lobby congress people, and press events will
be held to show the true, diverse face of the microbroadcasting movement.
Sunday, Latin American Youth Center:  Columbia Rd. NW DC
*Everything you need to start a community station besides a transmitter:
facilitated     by Joan and Eli of Free Radio Memphis *The FCC petitions: What's in it for us?: facilitated by Benn Kobb, Stuart
Poritzky and    Bill Spry  *The current legal situation: facilitated by Alan Korn of the Committee
for Democratic  Communications, Scott Bullock from the Institute for
12-1 lunch
*Transmitters 101: facilitated by Bill Gorz
*Starting a legal application to position for another First Amendment                  case: facilitated by Pete triDish and Alan Korn
*The threat of media concentration to democracy: facilitated by Greg
Ruggiero from Steal this Radio
3-5 pm:
*Transmitters 202: facilitated by *Commercial vs. non-commercial micro-stations: facilitated by Alan Korn
*Publicity: Tips on talking to the press and lobbying for support:  Jesse
Walker of the Competitive Enterprise Institute and Diane Imelda Fleming  5-6:30 dinner   Casa 3166 Mt. Pleasant St. NW DC
7pm party/puppet making for demonstration  Casa
Monday 9 am Panel and Debate at the Freedom Forum: an event which will probably
be broadcast on NPR featuring micro-broadcasters, lawyers and FCC offcials

@_date: 1998-09-24 22:25:26
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: National ID 
To Whom It May Concern,
    Lots of people are interested in fighting the national ID and lots
of info and even suggested letters to object to the proposed regulation
are posted to Scott McDonald's webpage which is accessed thru:
                        Also attached to this note is my letter of objection which you may
personalize and send to the DoT. This letter was the 4th objection
submitted to the DoT.
    The reason I write now is because we have only about another week
(Oct. 2) to get in more objections to this regulation. I have just
visited the DoT webpage and found that there are about 2100 objections.
We need many more. The DoT webpage lists all the people who have
submitted objections and I have read the names of every objector.
Remarkably, many of the people that I thought would submit an objection
have not. If you have not, please do so immediately.
    If you don't object to this regulation, then I suggest keeping your
mouth shut if this reg is adopted. Please, it should not take very long
for you to personalize the attached letter and send it in. Thanks very
                                        Larry Becraft
Attachment Converted: "c:\eudora\attach\FedRegObjection.rtf"
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-24 22:25:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Y2K Horror Stories a Foretaste of Breakdowns to Come 
Source:  Category: Noncompliant_Chips
Comment: This document speaks for itself. Mutiply this through every institution
that uses embedded systems. There is a lesson here. Any time anyone tells you, "This will work. No
problem," ask him to demonstrate how it will work with no problem. Companies are just like governments. They stonewall. They pretend. They
lie. Mainly, when caught, they lie. "I did not have noncompliance with that
product!" This was especially interesting: "Nearly a month after I sent email to two different year 2000 addresses at
the company, I received a phone call from the company. The caller described
herself as a liaison with technical support and admitted to having no
technical knowledge of the instrument. She said that their legal department
would only allow verbal communication in this matter. She was prohibited
from replying by email or written communication. "She said the embedded systems 'could be a problem' if new firmware wasn't
installed. When questioned, she admitted that new firmware was not
available and she did not know when it would be." Substitute the term "Western civilization" for "new firmware." * * * * * * * * * * * I am an analytical chemist specializing in inductively coupled plasma
atomic emission spectroscopy (ICP-AES). ICP-AES is a method used to
determine trace amounts of metals in solutions in the part per million and
part per billion range. I am responsible for two spectrometers each of which cost approximately
$130,000. Both instruments contain embedded microprocessor systems that are
in turn controlled by external computers. The first uses a PDP-11/53 for the external computer. It is running the
instrument control software under RT-11 and TSX-Plus. No hardware real time
clock exists in the system. This version of RT-11 only accepts 1979 to
1999 as valid years for the system clock. There is no 2000 or 00. If left
powered up, the system clock rolls over from 99 to 100. The file system is
not designed to handle dates outside of the 79 to 99 range. A compliant
version of RT-11 has just become available, but the manufacturer of the
instrument says this won't help with problems in the instrument control
software. We have been told that the software will "crash and burn" when hit
with year 2000.  The instrument was manufactured in 1988 and the software is no longer
supported by the company. In fact, the company no longer employs anyone who
worked on the Fortran source. The company's solution is to replace the
PDP-11 with a PC and purchase a $6000 software package that runs under
Windows. If we did this, we would no longer be able to use the quality
control and data transfer programs we have written for the current system.
We would also have several weeks of down time while entering our current
analytical methods into the new system. My experience with a beta version
of the PC software leads me to believe productivity would suffer in the end.  The second instrument was controlled with a DEC 466 (486-66) running
instrument control software under SCO-UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2. This
system became very confused after the real time clock (RTC) was set to
12/31/99. Allowing the clock to roll over with the power off gave a RTC date of 1900.
On boot up, Unix said the system year was 2000. However, the instrument
software reported the current date as 01/01/10 and the RTC was reset to 1970. With the RTC set to 2000, the instrument software still reported the date
as 01/01/10, but now the RTC was reset to 2070. On the next boot up, Unix
would report the system date as 1970. At any time, typing in 000101 in the
yymmdd field on boot up resulted in the RTC being reset to 1970. SCO has a
patch for the operating system, but again this would not solve problems in
the instrument control software. In this case, we have replaced the 486 with a Y2k compliant Pentium 300 and
installed instrument control software that runs under Windows 95. The
manufacturer no longer supports the software that ran under Unix. The
instrument is two years old. Inside the instrument are two embedded 68000 microprocessor systems with
real time clocks. Access to the clocks requires a program normally supplied
only to service technicians. Execution of that program requires a
password. The real time clocks can run without external power for up to ten
years on internal lithium batteries. One function of the clocks is to insure the proper start-up sequence is
followed after shutdowns of different lengths (hot or cold start).
Extensive damage could be caused by an error in the control of heating,
cooling, or
gas flow systems. The clocks are also used in the monitoring of safety
interlocks and sensors. Both clocks rollover from 1999 to 1900 and can not
be set to 2000. The clocks also count off the days of the week. I am
reluctant to extensively test the system myself because of the possibility
of damage. When I first talked to technical support about my concerns, the technician
pulled out a copy of the year 2000 compliance certificate for the new
software and read it over. He then stated: "This certification only covers the
software - not the *instrument*." This instrument and software is being
sold as the company's year 2000 solution to replace almost all earlier
systems.  My next contact was with a different technician who was in the lab to
repair an electronic problem in the instrument. He told me: "Don't worry,
we use four digit dates." I asked him to demonstrate setting the clocks
ahead. He ran the program on the main computer and it allowed him to type
the year 2000 on the entry screen. He then executed the command to send the
date to the embedded system. There were no error messages. He gave me a
look that implied "I told you so". I then asked him to read back the
current time from the clock he just set. He was visibly startled when he
saw 1900 appear on the screen. He said he would have one of their experts
call me.  A few days later I heard from the "expert" who tried to reassure me with
phrases like "they're just timers" and "the instrument doesn't _need_ to
know what day it is". However, since he didn't seem to have a mastery of
what the clocks actually do, I wasn't reassured. For example: I can put the
instrument into standby (sleep mode) over the weekend with instructions to
be ready to operate at 8:00 AM Monday. This will conserve gases (nitrogen
and argon) and reduce power needs. 73 minutes before the assigned ready
time, the embedded systems will query the main computer for start-up
instructions. If the main system is running, it takes control of the
sequence. If the main system is off, the embedded systems will look for it
for 10 minutes and then independently begin the start-up sequence in the
instrument EPROM. The "expert" didn't seem to have even this depth of
knowledge of the system.  Nearly a month after I sent email to two different year 2000 addresses at
the company, I received a phone call from the company. The caller described
herself as a liaison with technical support and admitted to having no
technical knowledge of the instrument. She said that their legal department
would only allow verbal communication in this matter. She was prohibited
from replying by email or written communication. She said the embedded systems "could be a problem" if new firmware wasn't
installed. When questioned, she admitted that new firmware was not
available and she did not know when it would be. She also said that the clocks were used for the "wake up" procedure and not
used for anything else. Since she had no knowledge of the instrument, there
was no point in asking about system error (SYSERROR) message 75 described
in the appendix of the manual: 75 Real-Time Clock. Call Service. The real-time clock, used to monitor the status of interlocks (and
sensors), is not functioning. This will not shut down the system; however,
a XXXXXXXX service engineer should be contacted. "This will not shut down the system" means I can start up a sustained
10,000 degree plasma in a confined space with uncertainty as to whether the
interlocks and sensors will detect a malfunction. It's my belief that in thinking about embedded systems, this company has
been in "sleep mode". I may have been the first to sound a "wake up" alarm
about this instrument. Now they have to muster the people and resources to
re-write the programs stored in the EPROM's, produce new chips, and install
them in hundreds of instruments around the world. I should also mention
that this is only one instrument in a large product line that has other Y2k
problems. Will they get them all done? On time? I don't think they know.  Link:  To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-24 22:26:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: NSA listening practices called European`threat' 
Source:  Baltimore Sun
NSA listening practices called European`threat'
European Parliament report accuses agency of widespread spying By Neal Thompson Sun Staff
The National Security Agency has incurred the wrath of some U.S.
allies and triggered debate about increased global eavesdropping,
thanks to a new report that accuses the agency of spying on
European citizens and companies.
With the help of a listening post in the moors of northern England,
NSA for nearly a decade has been snatching Europe's electronic
communications signals, according to a report for the European
"Within Europe, all e-mail, telephone and fax communications are
routinely intercepted by the United States National Security Agency,
transferring all target information to Fort Meade," said the report.
`Powerful threat'
It warned that the NSA's tactics represent a "powerful threat to civil
liberties in Europe" at a time when more communication -- and
commerce -- is conducted electronically.
A preliminary version of the report circulated overseas in recent
months, touching off heated debate, with front-page stories in Italy,
France, Scotland, England, Belgium and even Russia.
The NSA won't discuss the report or even admit that the listening
post exists.
But this week, two days of debate in the European Parliament
continued the extraordinary public disclosure of comprehensive
post-Cold War spying by the agency. On Wednesday, the
Parliament passed a resolution seeking more accountability from such
eavesdropping arrangements and more assurances that they won't be
"We want to make sure that somebody's watching them," said Glyn
Ford, a British member of the European Parliament, the legislative
body for the 15-member European Union.
Observers say this was the first time a governmental body has
described in detail -- and then criticized -- the NSA's tactics.
"The cat's well and true out of the bag," said Simon Davies, director
of the London-based watchdog group Privacy International. "I would
argue that we have made the grandest step in 50 years toward
accountability of such national security transparencies."
The report describes a sophisticated program called Echelon, which
the NSA established in conjunction with British intelligence agencies.
The program includes a listening post in Menwith Hill, in Yorkshire,
whose satellite dishes soak up the satellite and microwave
transmissions carrying Europe's telephone conversations, faxes and
Unlike Cold War spying aimed at the military, Echelon is a global
electronic surveillance system that targets individuals, businesses,
governments and organizations, the report says.
The U.S. shares the information with Britain, Canada, Australia and
New Zealand as part of an intelligence-sharing agreement called
UKUSA. Each nation has its own set of key words, so it can seek
information on specific issues, the report states.
Europe is but a fraction of Echelon's target area -- and the Menwith
Hill post is one of at least 10 around the world, the report adds.
"One reason its a bigger deal over there than it is over here [in the
U.S.] is because the SIGINT [signals intelligence] systems are over
their heads and not our heads," said Jeffrey Richelson, an analyst
with the National Security Archives, a U.S. group seeking to
declassify intelligence related documents.
Echelon repercussions
But the disclosure of Echelon could soon resonate across the Atlantic
after the European Parliament action. Furthermore, it could
complicate current negotiations between the U.S. and the European
Union over encryption programs that scramble or encode computer
information, said Parliament member Ford.
The U.S. has been lobbying for back-door access to such codes for
security reasons.
Originally published on Sep 19 1998
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-24 22:26:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Funny Money: New $20 FRNs are here 
Source:  US Newswire
U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve Issue New $20 Note U.S. Newswire
24 Sep 10:45
 U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve Issue New $20 Note
 To: National and Financial Desks
 Contact: Hamilton Dix of the U.S. Department of the Treasury,
          202-622-2960, or
          Bob Moore of the Federal Reserve,
          202-452-3215
   WASHINGTON, Sept. 24 /U.S. Newswire/ -- Treasury Secretary Robert
E. Rubin and Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan today
announced the issuance of the redesigned $20 note, which includes new
and modified security features to deter counterfeiting of U.S.
   Rubin and U.S. Treasurer Mary Ellen Withrow marked the
issuance of the new notes in a ceremony at Treasury's Cash Room in
Washington, D.C. More than two dozen regional events hosted by
Federal Reserve banks and branches and major retailers were also
conducted around the country.
   "We have introduced a series of features that greatly raise the
hurdle for counterfeiters," Rubin said. "Together these features
amount to a formidable tool, and make spotting a counterfeit
note easier than ever. For them to be effective, it is important that
people stop for a moment to look for the new features."
   The new $20 will replace older notes gradually, and older series
$20 notes still in good condition will be recirculated. About
$83 billion worth of $20 notes is currently in circulation, 80
percent of those in the U.S. More than $450 billion worth of
U.S. currency circulates around the globe.
   The Series 1996 $20 note is the third U.S. currency note to be
redesigned to include new and modified security features. New $10 and
$5 notes are expected to be issued simultaneously in 2000, and a new
$1 note with a more modest redesign will follow.
   "We are confident that the introduction of this third redesigned
note will be as smooth as that of the $100 and $50 notes," Chairman
Greenspan said. "Older notes will not be recalled or devalued. All
existing notes will continue to be legal tender."
   Like the Series 1996 $100 and $50 notes introduced since 1996, the
new $20 note has a familiar appearance. The size, color and
historical subjects have not changed. It also incorporates several
security features that have proved effective against would-be
counterfeiters: a watermark; enhanced security thread; fine-line
printing patterns; color-shifting ink; and a larger, off-center
portrait that is the most noticeable change in the overall
architecture of the note. There are also two features for the blind
and visually impaired. The new $20 note includes a capability that
will allow the development of technology to help the blind ascertain
the denomination of their currency. In addition, the $20 and $50
notes have a large numeral on the back that make the notes easier for
millions of Americans with low vision to read.
   The continuing introduction of redesigned notes is a critical
component of the Federal government's anti-counterfeiting effort.
The new series aims to maintain the security of the nation's currency
as computerized reprographic technologies such as color copiers,
scanners and printers become more sophisticated and more readily
available. The $20 note is the most frequently counterfeited note in
the United States.
   Since the $20 note is so widely used in daily commerce and most
frequently dispensed by ATMs, broad nationwide recognition of the new
note when it is introduced will minimize apprehension on the part of
the public. A public education campaign now underway encourages the
public and people who handle cash every day to become familiar with
the design and security features of the new notes. Retailers and
financial institutions are educating their employees and customers by
sending posters to their outlets, training cashiers, offering
pamphlets to the public, and including information about the new note
in advertising circulars and on shopping bags. More than 100
constituency organizations have helped reach small business owners,
loss prevention managers, visually impaired and older Americans, and
others with a stake in the new note's introduction. U.S. embassies
and consulates are using materials translated into 15 languages to
conduct localized education outreach to ensure that local users of
U.S. currency as well as financial institutions are prepared for the
issuance of the new note.
   Fact sheets on the new note, the history of U.S. currency and
related agencies are available at  -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 09/24 10:45
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-25 23:17:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: clinton body count 
the sheeple shearing continues...
------- Forwarded Message
  THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 24, 1998
                    ------------------------------------------
                    [WorldNetDaily Exclusive]
                    ------------------------------------------
                    The Clinton 'body count'
                    New alarm over growing list
                    of dead close to president
                    By Michael Rivero
                    Copyright 1998, WorldNetDaily.com
                    "Dear Sir," began Monica Lewinsky's
                    somewhat peevish letter of July 3rd,
                    1997. In it, according to the recently
                    released report by Kenneth Starr, the
                    former intern chided the president for
                    failing to secure for her a new White
                    House job, and hinted that continued
                    stalling would result in word of their
                    affair leaking out.
                    The next day, Monica confronted Bill
                    Clinton in an Oval Office meeting she
                    described as "very emotional"; a meeting
                    which ended when the president warned
                    her, "It's illegal to threaten the
                    president of the United States."
                    Three days later, another former White
                    House intern, Mary Mahoney, was shot five
                    times in the back of the Georgetown
                    Starbuck's she managed. Two of her
                    co-workers were also killed. Even though
                    cash remained in the register, the triple
                    murder was quickly dismissed as a botched
                    robbery. No suspects have ever been
                    arrested.
                    Coincidence? Maybe.
                    Former Democratic National Committee
                    fundraiser and Commerce Secretary Ron
                    Brown was under criminal investigation.
                    Indictments seemed imminent. Ron Brown
                    had reportedly told a confidante that he
                    would, "not go down alone." Days later,
                    his plane crashed on approach to
                    Dubrovnik airport during a trade mission
                    excursion to Croatia. Military forensics
                    investigators were alarmed by what
                    appeared to be a .45-caliber bullet hole
                    in the top of Brown's head.
                    Coincidence? Maybe.
                    Yet another fundraiser was Larry
                    Lawrence, famed for his short residence
                    at Arlington National Cemetery. Less well
                    known is that he had been under criminal
                    investigation by the State Department for
                    three weeks when he died.
                    Coincidence? Maybe.
                    But for a growing number of Americans,
                    the sheer numbers of strange deaths
                    surrounding the career of Bill Clinton
                    has begun to raise serious questions. In
                    a meeting with Vernon Jordan, Monica
                    Lewinsky reportedly expressed fears that
                    she might, "end up like Mary Mahoney,"
                    and began to make sure that others knew
                    of her affair with Bill Clinton.
                    Of all the strange deaths surrounding the
                    Clintons, none has come under more
                    renewed scrutiny than the fate of White
                    House Deputy Counsel Vincent Foster, who
                    was found dead in Fort Marcy Park on July
                    20, 1993. The official investigation
                    concluded that Foster inserted a gun into
                    his mouth and pulled the trigger. Yet
                    according to the lab results neither
                    Foster's fingerprints nor blood was on
                    the gun, nor were powder granules or
                    bullet fragments traceable to that gun in
                    his wounds. The purported "suicide note"
                    was found to be a forgery by three
                    independent experts. The record of a
                    second wound on Foster's neck, and an FBI
                    memo that contradicts the official
                    autopsy, strongly suggests that Foster's
                    wounds were misrepresented in the
                    official report. The FBI's own records
                    revealed that deliberate deception was
                    used to link Foster with the gun found
                    with his body. Partly on the basis of
                    that evidence, the FBI is now in federal
                    court on charges of witness harassment
                    and evidence tampering in the case.
                    In normal police procedure, homicide is
                    assumed right from the start. Suicide
                    must be proven, because homicides are
                    often concealed behind phony suicides.
                    Yet in the case of Foster, serious doubts
                    persist regarding the credibility of the
                    evidence offered up in support of the
                    claim of suicide, and a recent Zogby Poll
                    revealed that more than two-thirds of all
                    Americans no longer think the official
                    conclusion of suicide is believable
                    The official conclusion regarding
                    Commerce Secretary Ron Brown's death was
                    that his plane was brought down by, "the
                    worst storm in a decade." However, the
                    Dubrovnik airport weather office, just
                    two miles from the crash site, could not
                    confirm the existence of any such storm,
                    nor did any other pilots in the area.
                    According to the April 8, 1996, Aviation
                    Week & Space Technology, three separate
                    radio links to the aircraft all quit
                    while the aircraft was still seven miles
                    from the crash, evidence that the plane
                    suffered a total electrical failure in
                    flight which was never investigated. The
                    perfectly cylindrical hole in Ron Brown's
                    skull never triggered an autopsy. After
                    Ron Brown's death, his co-worker, Barbara
                    Wise, was found locked in her office at
                    the Department of Commerce, dead,
                    bruised, and partially nude. Following
                    Brown's death, John Huang's new boss at
                    Commerce was Charles Meissner, who
                    shortly thereafter died in yet another
                    plane crash.
                    These and other questionable deaths have
                    been collected together in a document
                    known as the "Dead Bodies List," which
                    can now be found in many locations on the
                    World Wide Web. Some of the cases are
                    poorly documented and have been dismissed
                    until now as "conspiracy theory."
                    However, analysis of the "Dead Bodies
                    List" by experts on the Internet revealed
                    that in many cases, deaths whose
                    circumstances demanded an investigation
                    had been ignored.
                    Some events officially declared to be
                    accidents seem to stretch the bounds of
                    credulity. In one case, Stanley Heard,
                    member of a Clinton advisory committee
                    and chiropractor to Clinton family
                    members, and his lawyer Steve Dickson
                    were flying to a meeting with a reporter.
                    Heard's private plane caught fire, but he
                    was able to make it back to his airport
                    and rent another plane to continue his
                    journey. The rented plane then caught
                    fire. This time, Heard did not make it
                    back to the airport. Gandy Baugh,
                    attorney for Clinton friend and convicted
                    cocaine distributor Dan Lasater, fell out
                    of a building. Baugh's law partner was
                    dead just one month later. Jon Parnell
                    Walker, an RTC investigator looking into
                    Whitewater, interrupted his inspection of
                    his new apartment to throw himself off of
                    the balcony.
                    Nor does the pattern of suspicious deaths
                    discriminate by gender. Susan Coleman was
                    reportedly a mistress to Clinton while he
                    was Arkansas attorney general; she was
                    seven months pregnant with what she
                    claimed was Clinton's child when she
                    died. Judy Gibbs, a former Penthouse Pet
                    and call girl, reportedly counted Bill
                    Clinton among her clients. Shortly after
                    agreeing to help police in an
                    investigation into Arkansas cocaine
                    trafficking, Judy burned to death. Kathy
                    Ferguson, a witness in the Paula Jones
                    case, was killed with a gunshot behind
                    the ear and was declared a suicide, even
                    though her suitcases had all been packed
                    for an immediate trip. One month later,
                    Bill Shelton, Kathy's boyfriend and a
                    police officer who had vowed to get to
                    the bottom of Kathy's murder, was also
                    dead of a gunshot, his body dumped on
                    Kathy's grave.
                    Another alarming trend observed in these
                    deaths is how society's safeguards
                    against murder appear to have been
                    compromised. Many of the questionable
                    deaths involved either negligence or the
                    complicity of medical examiners.
                    Dr. Fahmy Malek was the Arkansas medical
                    examiner under then-Gov. Bill Clinton.
                    His most famous case involved his ruling
                    in the "Train Deaths" case of Don Henry
                    and Kevin Ives in which Dr. Malek ruled
                    that the two boys had fallen asleep on
                    the railroad tracks and been run over by
                    a train. A subsequent autopsy by another
                    examiner found signs of foul play on both
                    the boys' bodies and concluded that they
                    had been murdered. According to Jean
                    Duffey, the prosecutor in the Saline
                    County Drug Task Force, the two boys
                    accidentally stumbled onto a "protected"
                    drug drop and were killed for it. Dan
                    Harmon, the Arkansas investigator who
                    concluded there was no murder, is now in
                    prison on drug charges. Despite the
                    evidence for murder and national
                    exposure, the Henry/Ives case has never
                    officially been re-opened, and Jean Duffy
                    has since left Arkansas out of fear for
                    her life. Several witnesses in the
                    Henry/Ives case later died and were ruled
                    as either suicides or natural causes by
                    Dr. Malek, whose willingness to provide
                    an innocuous explanation for these deaths
                    is illustrated in one case where he
                    claimed that a headless victim had died
                    of natural causes. Malek claimed that the
                    victim's small dog had eaten the head,
                    which was later recovered from a trash
                    bin. When pressed to fire Dr. Malek, Gov.
                    Clinton excused the medical examiner's
                    performance as the result of overwork and
                    gave him a raise.
                    Dr. Malek's Washington D.C. counterpart
                    was Fairfax, Virginia, Medical Examiner
                    James C. Beyer. Long before his autopsy
                    on Vincent Foster, Beyer's work was
                    disputed. In the case of Tim Easely,
                    Beyer ignored obvious defensive wounds,
                    and eyewitness reports of an argument
                    between Easely and his girlfriend, to
                    conclude that Easely had committed
                    suicide by stabbing himself in the chest.
                    When an outside expert called attention
                    to the fact that Easely had been stabbed
                    clear through one of his palms, the
                    girlfriend confessed to the murder. In
                    the case of Tommy Burkett, Beyer ignored
                    signs of violence done to Burkett to rule
                    it was a simple suicide. A subsequent
                    autopsy showed that Beyer had not even
                    done the work he claimed in his original
                    autopsy. Even though Beyer showed X-rays
                    to Burkett's father, Beyer later claimed
                    they did not exist. When Beyer performed
                    the Foster autopsy, he wrote in his
                    report that X-rays had been taken, then
                    again claimed they never existed when
                    asked to produce them.
                    In some cases, the deaths simply have no
                    innocuous explanation, One witness, Jeff
                    Rhodes (who had information on the
                    Henry/Ives murders) was found with his
                    hands and feet partly sawn off, shot in
                    the head, then burned and thrown in a
                    trash bin. Another obvious murder was
                    Jerry Parks, Clinton's head of security
                    in Little Rock. Immediately following
                    news of Foster's death, Parks reportedly
                    told his family, "Bill Clinton is
                    cleaning house." Just weeks after the
                    Parks' home had been broken into and his
                    files on Clinton stolen, Parks was shot
                    four times in his car.
                    Ron Miller, on whose evidence Nora and
                    Gene Lum were convicted of laundering
                    Clinton campaign donations, went from
                    perfect heath to death in just one week
                    in a manner so strange that his doctors
                    ordered special postmortem tests. The
                    results of those tests have never been
                    released, but toxicologists familiar with
                    the case suggest that Miller's symptoms
                    are consistent with Ricin, a cold war
                    assassin's poison.
                    For a fortunate few the murder attempts
                    have failed. In the case of Arkansas drug
                    investigator Russell Welch, his doctors
                    were able to identify that he had been
                    infected with military anthrax in time to
                    save his life. Gary Johnson, Gennifer
                    Flowers' neighbor whose video
                    surveillance camera had accidentally
                    caught Bill Clinton entering Flowers'
                    apartment, was left for dead by the men
                    who took the video tape. Gary survived,
                    although he is crippled for life. L.J.
                    Davis, a reporter looking into the
                    Clinton scandals, was attacked in his
                    hotel room but survived (his notes on
                    Clinton were stolen). Dennis Patrick,
                    whose bond trading account at Dan
                    Lasater's company was used to launder
                    millions of dollars of drug money, has
                    had four attempts on his life.
                    But the real importance of the "Dead
                    Bodies List" isn't what it tells us of
                    modern political intrigues, but what it
                    tells us of ourselves, in how we respond
                    to it. The list has been around for quite
                    some time, largely ignored by the general
                    public, completely ignored by the
                    mainstream media. The common reaction has
                    been that such a list is unbelievable,
                    not for its contents, but for its
                    implications. For that reason, most
                    Americans have, until recently, accepted
                    at face value the official assurances
                    that all these deaths are isolated
                    incidents with no real meaning; that all
                    the indications of foul play and cover-up
                    are just an accumulation of clerical
                    error and "overwork"; that it's all just
                    "coincidence."
                    On Aug. 17, as Bill Clinton admitted his
                    "inappropriate relationship" with Monica
                    Lewinsky on nationwide television,
                    Americans began to confront the
                    unavoidable fact that this president and
                    his administration had lied to the public
                    about a rather trivial matter. Americans
                    came to realize that this president and
                    his administration could no longer safely
                    be assumed to have told the truth on more
                    serious matters.
                    In this new climate of doubt, the "Dead
                    Bodies List" has enjoyed a new vogue,
                    albeit a dark one. Talk radio discusses
                    it. Total strangers e-mail it to each
                    other. What was unthinkable a few months
                    ago has become all too plausible.
                    Political murder has come to America.
                    Those cases on the "Dead Bodies List"
                    where hard evidence directly contradicts
                    the official conclusion have come under
                    renewed scrutiny.
                    It takes courage for the average citizen
                    to accept that the government has lied to
                    them, for by doing so, the citizen also
                    accepts the obligation to do something
                    about it. Americans know beyond a doubt
                    that they have been lied to. Americans
                    are discovering that they cannot ignore
                    the fact of being lied to without
                    sacrificing that part of the American
                    self-image that holds honor and justice
                    as ideals. But as the above poll would
                    suggest, such a sacrifice is no longer
                    acceptable.
                 -----------------------------------------------------------
                                  [WorldNetDaily.com]
                   ---------------------------------------------------------
                               (c) 1998 Western Journalism Center
                   ---------------------------------------------------------
                     This page was last built 9/24/98; 11:51:28                               Site: matlanta
 *** A List of Strange Deaths of Individuals Who All Had Verifiable      Ties with Bill Clinton
  VINCE FOSTER FIVE YEARS AFTER
 Unsolved Mystery Hampers All Starr's Probes By Carl Limbacher
  VINCE FOSTER INVESTIGATIONCHRIS RUDDY, (PITTSBURGH TRIBUNE)   Christopher Ruddy's New Web Site   Vince Foster - Patrick Knowlton v. FBI Agent Bransford
  *** Foster "J'Accuse!"
  EENIE MENA MINIE MOE...
  The Mena Coverup
  THE "SECRET" CHEMICAL FACTORY THAT NO ONE TRIED TO HIDE
  American Patriot Friends Network (APFN)
 APFN EMAIL LIST SUBSCRIBE/UNSCBSCRIBE IN SUBJECT LINE TO APFN
 APFN ONELIST:     ----------------------- Headers --------------------------------
 Return-Path:  Received: from  rly-za04.mx.aol.com (rly-za04.mail.aol.com [172.31.36.100])
by air-za04.mail.aol.com (v50.11) with SMTP; Thu, 24 Sep 1998 22:49:20 -0400
 Received: from heather.greatbasin.com (heather.greatbasin.net
 	  by rly-za04.mx.aol.com (8.8.8/8.8.5/AOL-4.0.0)
 	  with ESMTP id WAA15772;
 	  Thu, 24 Sep 1998 22:46:20 -0400 (EDT)
 Received: from caliente.igate.com ([207.228.53.226])
 	by heather.greatbasin.com (8.9.0/8.8.8) with ESMTP id SAA08413;
 	Thu, 24 Sep 1998 18:38:04 -0700 (PDT)
 Message-ID: <360AF264.C0288E60
 Date: Thu, 24 Sep 1998 18:31:16 -0700
 From: pamrobin (American Patriot Friends Network)
 Reply-To: APFN
 Organization: American Patriot Friends Network
 X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.05 [en] (Win95; I)
 MIME-Version: 1.0
 To: "\"apfn  Subject: The Clinton 'body count' - New alarm..
 Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
  >>
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------
To unsubscribe from this mailing list, or to change your subscription
to digest, go to the ONElist web site, at  and
select the User Center link from the menu bar on the left.
- - --------------0F193EECF4CB9441348B1B97--

@_date: 1998-09-25 23:34:24
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 4.70:Canadian Internet Providers Draft Privacy Code 
ISPI Clips 4.70:Canadian Internet Providers Draft Privacy Code
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday September 25, 1998
This From: The Canadian Press (CP), September 17, 1998
Net Privacy Code Drafted
OTTAWA (CP) -- Internet providers have released their own draft privacy
code just as the government prepares to introduce legislation this fall on
the matter.
The Canadian Association of Internet Providers, which represents more than
120 providers, hopes industry efforts to regulate itself will stave off
government action it says could lead to onerous and potentially harmful
national regulations enshrined in law.
"If it's extremely onerous for an international company to do business in
Canada, they will not do business in Canada," Julie Garcia, senior counsel
at America Online Inc. who helped develop the draft code, said.
The code, intended to be voluntary, addresses concerns such as control and
disclosure of users' personal information.
It was drafted to ensure it complies with the Canadian Standards
Association Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information.
The Internet providers code sets out 10 privacy principles for the
industry, including:
*      Internet providers are responsible for personal information
under their control.
*      Providers must disclose reasons for collecting personal
*      Consent of users is mandatory for collection, use or disclosure
of information.
*      Personal information can be disclosed without consent only as
required by law.
"The majority of CAIP members already have some kind of a privacy
policy," said Margo Langford, chairwoman of the Internet association.
"What we're really trying for here is uniformity. I don't think you'll
find anybody that objects to the notion. Privacy is good for business."
The Internet providers association says U.S. experience has shown that
voluntary regulation works better than government law because it fosters
competition among providers to meet user demands.
Surveys have shown consumers are wary about using the Internet because
of concerns about the privacy of their personal information.
The federal government wants to introduce legislation early this fall to
protect Internet privacy, especially for electronic commerce purposes,
Canada is host of an Organization for Economic Co-operation and
Development conference in October.
Ottawa established a group to study electronic commerce and it produced a
paper on privacy that recommends legislation to address the very issues
the Internet association's draft code covers.
In addition, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications
Commission announced in July it would hold public hearings in November
on whether it should get involved in regulating new media, including the
Story Copyright (c) 1998 The Canadian Press (CP)
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-09-25 23:33:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 4.73: Europeans Bristle Over NSA's ECHELON-So Should You 
ISPI Clips 4.73: Europeans Bristle Over NSA's ECHELON-So Should You
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday September 24, 1998
This From: The Baltimore Sun, September 19, 1998
NSA listening practices called European `threat'
European Parliament report accuses agency of widespread spying
Neal Thompson
Sun Staff
The National Security Agency has incurred the wrath of some U.S. allies and
triggered debate about increased global eavesdropping, thanks to a new
report that accuses the agency of spying on European citizens and
With the help of a listening post in the moors of northern England, NSA for
nearly a decade has been snatching Europe's electronic communications
signals, according to a report for the European Parliament.
"Within Europe, all e-mail, telephone and fax communications are routinely
intercepted by the United States National Security Agency, transferring all
target information to Fort Meade," said the report.
`Powerful threat'
It warned that the NSA's tactics represent a "powerful threat to civil
liberties in Europe" at a time when more communication -- and commerce --
is conducted electronically.
A preliminary version of the report circulated overseas in recent months,
touching off heated debate, with front-page stories in Italy, France,
Scotland, England, Belgium and even Russia.
The NSA won't discuss the report or even admit that the listening post
But this week, two days of debate in the European Parliament continued the
extraordinary public disclosure of comprehensive post-Cold War spying by
the agency. On Wednesday, the Parliament passed a resolution seeking more
accountability from such eavesdropping arrangements and more assurances
that they won't be misused.
"We want to make sure that somebody's watching them," said Glyn Ford, a
British member of the European Parliament, the legislative body for the
15-member European Union.
Observers say this was the first time a governmental body has described in
detail -- and then criticized -- the NSA's tactics.
"The cat's well and true out of the bag," said Simon Davies, director of
the London-based watchdog group Privacy International. "I would argue that
we have made the grandest step in 50 years toward accountability of such
national security transparencies."
The report describes a sophisticated program called Echelon, which the NSA
established in conjunction with British intelligence agencies. The program
includes a listening post in Menwith Hill, in Yorkshire, whose satellite
dishes soak up the satellite and microwave transmissions carrying Europe's
telephone conversations, faxes and e-mail.
Unlike Cold War spying aimed at the military, Echelon is a global
electronic surveillance system that targets individuals, businesses,
governments and organizations, the report says.
The U.S. shares the information with Britain, Canada, Australia and New
Zealand as part of an intelligence-sharing agreement called UKUSA. Each
nation has its own set of key words, so it can seek information on specific
issues, the report states.
Europe is but a fraction of Echelon's target area -- and the Menwith Hill
post is one of at least 10 around the world, the report adds.
"One reason its a bigger deal over there than it is over here [in the U.S.]
is because the SIGINT [signals intelligence] systems are over their heads
and not our heads," said Jeffrey Richelson, an analyst with the National
Security Archives, a U.S. group seeking to declassify intelligence related
Echelon repercussions
But the disclosure of Echelon could soon resonate across the Atlantic after
the European Parliament action. Furthermore, it could complicate current
negotiations between the U.S. and the European Union over encryption
programs that scramble or encode computer information, said Parliament
member Ford.
The U.S. has been lobbying for back-door access to such codes for security
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-09-25 23:33:48
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Analysis of a Hack: Why was NYT Different? 
Source:  Online Journalism Review
September 17, 1998
Analysis of a Hack
By Doug Thomas, Online Journalism Review Staff Columnist The following report is based in part on interviews conducted with Kevin
Mitnick and John Markoff, two key people whose names were invoked as part
of the September 13, 1998 hack of The New York Times Web site. On Sunday, September 13, a group calling themselves "Hackers for Girlies"
hacked into The New York Times Web site, forcing the Times to take its site
offline for nine hours - hours that happened to be on what was potentially
one of the paper's biggest days in the paper's online history. According to
the Times, traffic that was already up 35% on Saturday was expected to
double on Sunday, in large part due to The New York Times' coverage of the
Starr Report and the report's full text, which was also on the site. The hack, which was by all accounts a fairly sophisticated attack, is
different from most previous hacks in a number of ways. There have
previously been hacks of Web pages designed to express political
dissatisfaction. The Department of Justice Web page, for example, was
hacked in response to the passage
of the Communications Decency Act. Sites of both the Conservative and Labor
parties in Britain were hacked prior to elections. But this is the first
hacking incident - which could also be considered a political intervention
- where a major media outlet has been financially damaged over the public
perception that their coverage was unfair. At the heart of the dispute is the case of Kevin Mitnick, and at issue for
hackers is the question of Times technology reporter John Markoff's
coverage of Mitnick's case. Mitnick, who has served the last three and a
half years as a pre-trial detainee at the federal Metropolitan Detention
Center in Los Angeles, was the subject of several Times stories written by
Markoff. He was ultimately the subject of a best-selling novel co-authored
by Markoff and Tsutomu Shimomura, the San Diego-based security expert who
helped the FBI track and capture Mitnick. Hackers allege that Markoff used his position at the Times to hype the
story of Mitnick's arrest and capture - and to demonize Mitnick in the
public imagination. These perceptions, according to the hacker community,
account in large part for Mitnick's continued incarceration in a
maximum-security jail and his denial of the right to a bail hearing. He is
only four months from trial on a 25-count federal indictment for alleged
hacking.  In short, the message that hackers left on the Times Web site could be
boiled down to this: They feel that the way hackers are covered by the
mainstream media generally, and by The New York Times specifically, is
unfair. They are disturbed both by what is written about hackers, as well
as what stories are overlooked.  The battle over such representations continues to be played out in the
coverage of the hack itself. Mitnick learned of the Times hack through
local radio broadcast reports, some of which described it as an "act of
Internet terrorism" led by Mitnick. But Mitnick said in an interview that
he was upset both by the incident and the subsequent coverage of it. The message that the hackers left Sunday came in two parts: the page that
was displayed on the Times' Web site and the comments left in the HTML
code, which were far more articulate than the hacker-speak that
appeared on the surface. The hackers themselves indicate this in their P.S.
"0UR C0MMENTS ARE M0RE 'LEET THAN 0UR TEXT. DOWNLOAD THE SOURCE T0 TH1S
PAGE AND P0NDER 0UR W1ZD0M." It is in the comments embedded in the source
code that the hackers describe "the real meaning" of the page, including
supporting quotations from Tennyson, Voltaire and Milton. The hackers' central grievance stems from what they see as Markoff's
involvement in the pursuit and capture of Mitnick. The Web page's message
targets Markoff, specifically asking: "D0 YOU HAV3 N1GHTMAR3S ABOUT H3LP1NG
1MPRIS0N K3VIN? KN0WING THAT Y0UR LI3S AND D3C3IT H3LP3D BR1NG D0WN TH1S
INJUST1C3?" What lies beneath the code in the comments spells out the hackers'
complaint more directly: "The injustice Markoff has committed is criminal.
He belongs in a jail rotting instead of Kevin Mitnick. Kevin is no dark
side hacker. He is not malicious. He is not a demon. He did not abuse
credit cards, distribute the software he found or deny service to a single
machine. Is that so hard to comprehend?" Markoff, in an interview Tuesday, said his coverage of Mitnick's case was
totally objective. After years of covering Mitnick and because of his close
connections with Shimomura, Markoff said he found himself with
"access to remarkable events" and wrote about them "as accurately and
clearly as I could." "There were no dilemmas," he said. "I told my Times editors what I was
doing every step of the way." Regarding the decision to make a Page One story of the FBI pursuit of
Mitnick, he said: "I didn't place the
story." "If hackers are upset and believe the story was hyped, they are targeting
the wrong person," Markoff said. "Their quarrel is with the Times' editors,
not me." Although the term given to Mitnick - "darkside hacker" - did figure
prominently in Markoff's book, "Cyberpunk," which he co-authored with Katie
Hafner, Markoff said that the "darkside" moniker was "created by the
Southern California press." He said the term appeared in stories by both
the Los Angeles Times and the Daily News in the San Fernando Valley well
before he ever used it. Markoff thinks the hack against the Times has the potential to do
"tremendous damage" to Mitnick. If Mitnick's defenders want to make the
claim that Mitnick and people like him are "harmlessly wandering through
cyberspace," Markoff said, an event like this is the "clearest example to
contradict that." Emmanuel Goldstein, editor of the hacker publication 2600, sees things
differently. "It's not what I would have done," Goldstein said. "But it got
the story out. It is a story that has been suppressed for so long." The popular sentiment among hackers is that the coverage of the Mitnick
case hyped his arrest and capture - by referring to him as the "Internet's
Most Wanted," as a "cyberthief" and in some cases as a "terrorist" - but
the press has paid little or no attention to issues of Mitnick's long
incarceration without a hearing, the denial of his right to a bail hearing,
or to the fact that the government has failed to provide Mitnick with
access to the evidence to be presented against him. Even Markoff, who insists that he played no part in putting Mitnick in
jail, indicated that he has "a lot of sympathy for Kevin," acknowledging
that Mitnick is in a "difficult situation" and is faced with a "grim set of
alternatives." But Markoff rejects the notion that anyone but Mitnick
himself is responsible for his current situation. "Kevin made himself what
he is," Markoff said.  A statement from Mitnick's attorney,  released on Monday, addressed the
hack of the Times: "Kevin Mitnick
 appreciates the support and good wishes of those who speak out against his
continued state of incarceration for years without bail. However, he does
not encourage any individuals to engage in hacking pranks on his behalf.
Kevin believes other avenues exist that can be more beneficial to his
circumstances." Supporters were directed to the Mitnick Web site at
  In the aftermath of the hack, several issues remain. The New York Times
will undoubtedly claim that the damage done to their site has cost them
substantial lost revenue and a decrease in traffic and e-commerce.
Goldstein, however, quarrels with the claim that any real damage was done.
"They didn't trash the Times' Web site and they could have," he said,
indicating that the hack was intended to send a message, rather than to do
any serious damage. This is not the first time a Web site has been hacked in support of
Mitnick. In fact, in December of 1997, hackers posted a threatening message
at Yahoo!, demanding the release of Mitnick. While that incident can be
dismissed as a prank, the Times attack is something altogether different.
Even the message the hackers left on the Times' page criticizes other
hackers for not having "a real purpose" and for not leaving a "meaningful
statement" in their hacks. (c) Copyright 1998 Online Journalism Review
Doug Thomas is a professor at the Annenberg School for Communication. His
column, Hacker Alert, appears monthly in the Online Journalism Review. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-25 23:33:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Why is This Important? Read: The Politics of Hacking 
NOTE: In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed without profit or payment to those who have expressed a prior
interest in receiving this information for non-profit research and
educational purposes only. For more information go to:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-25 23:34:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Oh, I feel sooooo much better now..... 
Source:  Nando Net
IRS embarks on new era with taxpayer-friendly mission statement
Copyright (c) 1998 The Associated Press WASHINGTON (September 24, 1998 4:13 p.m. EDT  --
The Internal Revenue Service adopted a new official mission statement
emphasizing that "service" is its primary job.
In another step toward becoming more taxpayer-friendly, the IRS announced
Thursday a new statement that will be featured on its 1998 tax
publications, displayed at IRS offices and put on its Internet Web site.
The statement says that the IRS mission is to "provide America's taxpayers
top quality service by helping them understand and meet their tax
responsibilities and by applying the tax law with integrity and fairness to
This replaces a 1980s statement in which the first line stated that the
IRS's main job was to "collect the proper amount of tax revenue at the
least cost."
"Words alone aren't going to change the IRS, but this serves an important
purpose," said IRS Commissioner Charles O. Rossotti. "The mission statement
will be a reminder that we must be dedicated on a day-in, day-out basis to
serving taxpayers."
The change is one of many that have followed passage in Congress of an IRS
reform law aimed at moving the agency away from its heavy-handed past.
Copyright (c) 1998 Nando.net
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-25 23:34:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Here it Comes! E-Privacy Dispute Could Go to WTO 
Source:  USIA
25 September 1998 ELECTRONIC PRIVACY DISPUTE COULD GO TO WTO, EXPERT SAYS (U.S., EU still working for resolution)  (510)
By Bruce Odessey
USIA Staff Writer
Washington -- The U.S. complaint against European Union (EU) policy on
electronic privacy could eventually wind up in the World Trade
Organization (WTO), a Brookings Institution scholar says.
Robert Litan, director of Brookings' economic studies program, said he
could not predict what action the EU will take when its directive on
data protection -- opposed by the United States -- enters into force
in October.
At a September 24 meeting of the Coalition of Service Industries (CSI)
he speculated on some of the potential outcomes, however.
At issue is the EU directive restricting the collection and use of
personal information on the Internet. Most contentious is a provision
prohibiting electronic transmission of personal information about EU
citizens to countries that lack "adequate" privacy protection.
Enforcement of that provision might mean, for example, that EU
authorities might block U.S. companies in Europe from communicating
electronically with their offices in the United States.
Co-author of a forthcoming book on the electronic privacy issue, Litan
guessed that, if the two sides cannot resolve the dispute, the EU
might test its directive by imposing data embargoes on specific U.S.
business sectors or on certain business practices.
He noted that EU authorities have requested staff reports on four
sensitive related issues: medical information, electronic commerce,
airline reservations and personnel records.
Litan also identified four service sectors he considered especially
vulnerable to the directive: banking, insurance (especially health
insurance), investment banking (especially merger and acquisition
financing) and accounting.
If the dispute ends up before a WTO panel, he said, the two sides
could pick their arguments from different parts of the General
Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS). He said the EU could base its
argument on Article XXIV, which allows governments to protect the
privacy of their nationals.
The United States could base its argument on Article XXII, which
prohibits discrimination against foreign providers, he said.
In contrast with the EU, the Clinton administration has been pressing
in the WTO and other multilateral and regional groups for minimal
government regulation of electronic commerce. The administration has
encouraged the emerging U.S. industry to engage in self-regulation
Litan said EU authorities have choices on whether to enforce the EU
directive in a more or less intrusive way. For one example, they could
distinguish between business and other personal information, he said.
For another, he said, they could offer "safe harbor" exemptions for
corporate communications, or for certain industries, or for certain
equipment like laptop computers.
He said big multinational companies will somehow cope with the EU
directive, however it is enforced, possibly by entering into contracts
with the EU.
But Litan could not guess how small and medium-sized U.S. companies
could afford the expense of working out special arrangements with EU
authorities or how those authorities could enforce the directive
against small companies doing business in cyberspace.
"It's hopeless," he said.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-28 19:20:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: The virtual president 
This is the most INCREDIBLE article.  I never thought I'd read something
like this in the mainstream media!!! -Jean
                   The virtual president=20
                 =20
                   By Missy Kelly=20
                   Copyright 1998, WorldNetDaily.com=20
                   "You know, by the time you become the leader of a
                   country, someone else makes all the decisions." -- Bill
                   Clinton September 4, 1998=20
                   Well, shut my mouth. The president of the United
                   States admits publicly that he is the puppet of larger
                   powers -- that "someone else," in fact, "makes all the
                   decisions."=20
                   Of course, those who understand how power really
                   works in this nation recognize the veracity of his
                   statement immediately. But for Bill to state it so openly
                   is truly remarkable -- not just for its honesty, but for
                   recklessness.=20
                   In a glib and Freudian moment, it just slipped out.=20
                   It appears Bill is "getting it."=20
                   Clinton was reminded the week of Aug. 25 that The
                   Agenda Transcended the Man. He was given a
                   heads-up that his removal from office would have to
                   happen. The New York Times intoned, "But if there is
                   no hope for the agenda, what need is there for the
                   man?" Garry Wills also called for his resignation,
                   writing, "[Clinton] would be saying that the goals he
                   fought for are more important than personal pride or
                   prerogatives." Other former sycophants in the press
                   piped up using minor variations of the same
                   phraseology: Clinton should resign because the
                   "agenda" transcends the man. The Agenda is
                   paramount.=20
                   Yet, Bill still didn't "get it" -- that in his pact with
                   devil, the devil held the upper hand. In typical Bill
                   psycho-fashion, he thought he could once again charm
                   his way out of removal; and make a "show of force" to
                   prove to his masters that he still had the right stuff to
                   salvage his career and continue with the Agenda. To
                   that end, his White House staff -- a separate operation
                   from the power brokers -- was told by Bill to pull out
                   all stops to save his presidency.=20
                   But suddenly there were leaks to the Washington Post
                   that there were more bimbos than just Monica in Bill's
                   White House closets. "I never had an affair with the
                   President, but all the others who have get to stay,"
                   Monica allegedly whined to Clinton aide Marsha Scott
                   while pleading to be returned to a White House
                   position.=20
                   More forcefully, the power brokers served Bill notice
                   that their demands for removal were to be taken
                   seriously when the Department of Justice, out of the
                   blue, announced that the President himself -- Bill
                   Clinton -- was the subject of a NEW 90-day
                   investigation into campaign donation illegalities. On
                   three -- count 'em -- three separate prior occasions,
                   Attorney General Janet Reno had formally investigated
                   such charges and declared there was "nothing there."
                   Publicly, no new information had come to light, but
                   suddenly there was the alarming notion that there was
                   a "there, there" and it involved Bill Clinton himself.=20
                   The message: Bill, you will do what we tell you. We
                   can do this the easy way or the hard way. Start
                   packing your bags. Bill is "getting it," now.=20
                   Bill is resigning himself to his resignation.=20
                   The President has not yet identified for us who this
                   "someone else" is who really puppets the highest office
                   of our land. So for purposes of discussion, let's just
                   give them an identifier. Borrowing from John LeCarre's
                   "The Night Manager," let's call them "Flagship."=20
                   Flagship, of course, knows not only where all the
                   bodies are buried -- literally and figuratively -- but=
 has
                   the wherewithal to pick through them all, choosing one
                   misdeed after another, exposing them one by one until
                   Bill relents. It's blackmail. And blackmail works unless
                   you handle it in the manner Rep. Dan Burton has in the
                   past couple of days. Bill Clinton is incapable -- truly
                   incapable -- of doing what Burton did. Truly.=20
                   "You may find you can get away with virtual
                   presidents, virtual prime ministers, virtual everything."
                   -- Bill Clinton, September 4, 1998=20
                   This is another Freudian lament, verbalized by a Bill
                   Clinton who finally "gets it." He was and is the
                   VIRTUAL PRESIDENT. By his own admission, he
                   was a front, with no power to make decisions. By his
                   own admission, they were made for him, by "someone
                   else." They were made by those whom Flagship had
                   placed in lower level, under-the-radar positions within
                   the cabinet. They didn't even have to ask Bill's
                   permission. They got their orders, and implemented
                   them.=20
                   Bill's job was to pretend -- pretend he was the leader,
                   pretend he was in charge -- maintain the fa=E7ade of a
                   "virtual" president in a "virtual" democracy where a
                   "virtual" rule of law exists. In fact, the levers of=
 power
                   were already controlled -- controlled so precisely, in
                   fact, as to make the president irrelevant, controlled by
                   people who have never been elected to office, and
                   whose names we do not even know.=20
                   Flagship cannot afford impeachment hearings. There is
                   an Agenda, and a timeline that must be maintained. It is
                   of utmost importance that the new leader be installed
                   immediately. Therefore, I would not be surprised if Bill
                   is gone within two weeks or less.=20
                   If you consider Bill's virtual presidency, you know the
                   words he spoke are true. He was so much a puppet
                   that he even dispensed with the appearance of
                   business. He cut off daily briefings, which every other
                   president attended. He lengthened the time between
                   other regularly scheduled meetings. He hardly ever
                   meets -- or even talks -- to his cabinet members.
                   Recall Warren Christopher, the first Secretary of
                   State, and William Perry, the Secretary of Defense,
                   expressing extreme frustration that they could not get a
                   meeting with the president, even in times of crisis.=20
                   Instead, poor, useless Bill was busy playing golf,
                   jogging, or on one of his many, many vacations.
                   Having his weekly dinners with his Arkie crowd,
                   screening new movies, attending fundraisers at the
                   pace of 30 a month, playing host to a legion of Lincoln
                   bedroom guests, and having coffee with drug
                   smugglers, arms dealers, terrorists, communists and
                   crony capitalists. In between, he was juggling his many
                   women, coordinating their liaisons and cover stories.
                   Plus all that time he devoted to considering how he
                   could provide answers that were "legally correct" but
                   "misleading" in all of his many scandals. Phew, I am
                   exhausted just thinking about it.=20
                   How many times have we said during this presidency
                   -- who is really running this country when we have a
                   president who is missing in action? Time and again, it
                   was apparent that Bill Clinton was not on task doing
                   presidential duties. But for him to admit it, openly --
                   whoa! Surely he doesn't think his scorched earth
                   policy extends to his masters, does he? Is he truly so
                   arrogant that he thinks he can take them down, too, in
                   a child-like temper tantrum? If so, he is truly playing
                   with fire. But I suspect, no. Bill may have harbored
                   those thoughts last week, but is seeing the light, now.
                   His unguarded comments were purely Freudian
                   meanderings of the mind.=20
                   Clinton made the reckless error of speaking his
                   thoughts out loud. As stupid as this was, it is not so
                   surprising. It is intimately a part of this man's sick
                   psychology that he would want to provide excuses for
                   his problems outside of himself -- to explain that it
                   really isn't his fault. After all, I don't really have=
 any
                   power -- I am a virtual president. I am not to blame. I
                   am a victim -- I was just doing what I was told.=20
                   Bill has always been a victim of someone else, and
                   never responsible for his own actions. As we pull our
                   love away from him, it becomes ever so much more
                   important to his psyche that he win us over. He can't
                   help himself. He must explain, and win us back.
                   Biographers have often noted that Clinton would be in
                   a room full of adoring fans, and one person who wasn't
                   enthralled. Clinton would devote all his energy to
                   charming that one person. There is pathology to this
                   man that is ingrained. Without reflected adoration,
                   there is no Bill Clinton. He ceases to exist.=20
                   But if he doesn't contain himself, and stop trying to
                   make public excuses that touch this close to the heart
                   of power in this nation, he's putting himself in extreme
                   jeopardy. Flagship must be assured that Clinton will
                   never expose his masters and the Agenda. And this is
                   a real fear -- they, too, understand the psyche of Bill
                   Clinton.=20
                   When Bill resigns, he will have to go deeply off the
                   radar screen -- I mean no mention of him. Disappear.
                   There can be no distractions as the Agenda barges
                   forward. But Bill's psyche cannot tolerate this -- his
                   must have sycophants and lovers -- he is no one
                   without the human mirror of his success. I remind you
                   of what happened to him after he lost the governor's
                   race in Arkansas 20 years ago. Study that period. This
                   was a pathetic man, deep in depression, who
                   approached perfect strangers and asked them why
                   they hadn't voted for him. It conjures up visions of a
                   former President calling up Larry King Live and
                   blathering on that he's lonely and misunderstood, ala
                   O.J. Simpson.=20
                   Flagship cannot afford a Bill Clinton behaving this way,
                   and possibly exposing their Agenda. Therefore, I
                   suspect that not only will Bill Clinton be removed from
                   office -- i.e. forced to resign -- before the end of
                   September, but I also strongly fear that Bill will commit
                   Arkancide within the year.=20
                   Bill was always in "the game" for Bill. Hillary was
                   always in this for the Agenda. She has always believed
                   that the Agenda transcended the man, which is why
                   she has always put up with -- beyond rational
                   endurance -- Bill's shenanigans. She knew from the
                   get-go that they were the chosen ones, part of a select
                   stable from whom the anointed, the "someone else" Bill
                   referred to, would choose to lead us into convergence,
                   the Third Way. This Third Way is part of a long-term
                   strategy that was developed 40 years ago.=20
                   Knowing this, Hillary stuck with Bill because her
                   allegiance -- above all else -- has always been to the
                   Agenda. And because this is still true, she cannot
                   possibly stay with Bill now that he has become a
                   liability. To cheers and salutations, she will divorce=
 Bill
                   Clinton shortly after he resigns, and no one will blink
                   an eye. She will divorce him not because he's "done
                   her wrong" but because he is no longer useful. Then
                   Hillary, in all her glory, will be unleashed on this=
 world.
                   She will have her own, not reflected, power most likely
                   as Queen of the World through her new U.N. position.
                   Maybe things aren't looking so bad for Hillary, after
                   all.=20
                   Rahm Emanuel, in continuing his attacks against
                   Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr last week invoked
                   the ghost of military strategist Karl Von Clausewitz.=20
                   "Clausewitz [sic] said war is an extension of politics,
                   by other means." Odd. A former ballet dancer a
                   student of Von Clausewitz?=20
                   Would you agree that the Clintons and their supporters
                   resort to all sorts of stratagems, maneuvers, illegal
                   methods, evasions and subterfuge to achieve their
                   objectives?=20
                   Would you?=20
                   Does the record of their actions comport with that
                   statement?=20
                   Hmmm?=20
                   Those are the exact words of Lenin, when he laid out
                   his plans for global communism.=20
                   Missy Kelly is a writer-researcher and political
                   analyst.=20
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-28 19:20:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: NATIONAL ID 
To Whomever is interested in fighting the National ID:
    The Dept. of Transportation has a pending regulation which is the
basis for the national ID. The deadline for submitting objections is
Oct. 2 and we need to have several thousand objections filed with the
DoT. There are about 2200 objections filed so far.
I have my own letter objecting to the national ID posted to the "fight
fingerprint" webpage, which is accessed thru:
                All you have to do is personalize it for yourself. Specifically, my
is posted at this URL:
Scott McDonald also has a suggested letter posted on this same page, and
it is found at:
Please take a few moments to download and copy any of these letters,
personalize it for yourself and mail it in. Please circulate this note
so that people will send in more objections.
                            Larry Becraft
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-28 19:21:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Military's secret plans for civilian 'preparedness' 
Source:  World Net Daily
ARMED AND DANGEROUS Domestic rapid deployment forces The military's secret plans for civilian 'preparedness'  This report is part of a continuing series by
 WorldNetDaily on the militarization of
 federal government and America's civilian
 sector.
By Joseph Farah Copyright 1998, WorldNetDaily.com Under the guise of preparedness for domestic terrorist
attacks, the U.S. military is training thousands of local
police officers, national guardsmen and other officials
to respond to national emergencies under centralized
federal authority and control, according to plans
revealed by Defense Department sources. In addition, U.S. military forces are stepping up
training exercises in American civilian population
centers, prompting constitutional concerns in some
quarters. The plans for military involvement in the civilian sector
are a direct result of the "Defense Against Weapons of
Mass Destruction Act of 1996," which mandated the
federal government to develop response scenarios to
domestic terrorist incidents involving nuclear,
biological, chemical and radiological weapons. The
legislation designated the Department of Defense as
the lead agency in coordinating sweeping plans
involving the Federal Emergency Management
Agency, the FBI, Department of Energy, the
Environmental Protection Agency and the Department
of Health and Human Services. Representatives of all
these agencies meet monthly as the Senior Interagency
Coordination Group, or SICG. The Defense Appropriations Act of 1997 added
funding for the Pentagon "to improve the capability of
the federal, state and local emergency response
agencies." "The United States Army Chemical and Biological
Defense Command leads interagency training
development and city visits," H. Allen Holmes,
assistant secretary of defense for special operations
and low-intensity conflict, testified to the Strategic
Forces Subcommittee of the Senate Armed Services
Committee earlier this year. "Interagency teams
coordinate with fire, police, emergency medical and
hazardous material officials and tailor training to city
requirements. Additionally, FEMA has developed a
terrorism annex to the Federal Response Plan to
ensure coordination across all agencies at all levels." In 1997, the Defense Department spent $30.5 million
on the training and civil response aspects of the
program, Holmes reported. An additional $10 million
was dedicated to improving the U.S. Marine Corps
Chemical-Biological Incident Response Force. This
year, Congress allocated $50 million for the domestic
preparedness program. Another $50 million is
appropriated for the program in 1999. The money is for training purposes only. However, the
Defense Department is lending equipment to state and
local agencies, according to Holmes. The program calls for the National Guard to stand up
10 Rapid Assessment and Initial Detection teams in
selected cities across the nation using 200 full-time
active guardsmen and reservists. Members of Army
Guard and reserve chemical companies will be trained
next year to conduct searches for weapons of mass
destruction. The goal of the domestic preparedness program is to
train 120 cities by 2001 and to provide mechanism for
every community in the nation to "leverage federal
expertise," according to the Defense Department. The
interagency team has trained more than 10,000 "first
responder trainers" -- drawn from firefighting, law
enforcement, emergency medical communities and
emergency telephone operators and dispatchers -- in
30 cities, according to Defense Secretary William
Cohen. Another 25 cities will receive training in the
next year, he said. "Our program is specifically designed so that the
people we train become trainers themselves," Cohen
said earlier this month in a report to the Council on
Foreign Relations titled "Security in a Grave New
World." "This approach will greatly magnify our efforts
to produce a core of qualified first responders across
the nation." FEMA has compiled a master inventory containing
information on the resources and capabilities of each
agency involved in the program and what is available
to state and local officials in emergency situations.
However, the information on that inventory is not
available to the public or the press -- only to federal
and state emergency planners. Undisclosed surplus
military equipment is being made available to state and
local government agencies through this program. Some civil liberties groups have pointed out that the
intense, coordinated rush to "fight terrorism" in
America comes at an odd time -- given the
government's own figures reporting a 25-year low in
such attacks and incidents. The National Association of Criminal Defense
Lawyers points out, for instance, that the
overwhelming majority of law enforcement's record
number of applications to eavesdrop on people
through electronic surveillance technology involves
investigation into drug, racketeering and gambling
offenses -- not terrorism. There was bipartisan support
in Congress for giving the executive branch of
government vast new, codified authority to plant
wiretaps and electronic bugs and to confiscate
property as a result of investigations in this effort to
"combat terrorism." The 1996 law grants the president exclusive,
unreviewable powers to designate groups "terrorist
organizations." Under such powers, the government
could deport suspects -- including permanent residents
and non-immigrants -- based on "classified" or "secret
evidence" under the cloak of national security. Another
provision of the legislation requires banks to freeze
assets of domestic groups and citizens deemed agents
of such "terrorist organizations." There is no
mechanism established to challenge such decisions by
banks. In a development the Defense Department claims is
unrelated to the terrorism plans, more actual combat
training is taking place in urban centers. Earlier this
month, Marines took part in such a training exercise in
Maryland. Last month, a special unit of U.S. Marines
with assault rifles conducted maneuvers in Birmingham,
AL. These exercises are part of a program called "Training
in the Urban Environment. " All of the operations, including the exact timing of the
exercises, were kept secret from the public, raising
concerns about civil liberties issues. Similar exercises have been conducted recently in
Chicago, Jacksonville, FL, and other U.S. cities. The
question on some minds is: Who exactly are the
Marines preparing to wage war with in America's
urban environments? The training is part of a certification program in "urban
combat." The program includes missions, such as
rescuing a pilot, which the Marines might be called to
perform in foreign countries such as Somalia, military
spokesmen say. Marine officials say the urban
landscape adds a new dimension to the training the
Marines have already received.  (c) 1998 Western Journalism Center To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-29 23:07:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] National registry to track child support 
SCAN THIS NEWS
[thanks to J. Groom for the forward]
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-09-29 23:07:05
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Group 'No Privacy for Privacy Hypocrites' Surveys Congress 
Source:  US Newswire
Privacy Group Surveys Congress U.S. Newswire
28 Sep 18:17
 Group 'No Privacy for Privacy Hypocrites' Surveys Congress
 To: National Desk
 Contact: James Love, 202-387-3080
   WASHINGTON, Sept. 28 /U.S. Newswire/ -- No Privacy for Privacy
Hypocrites, a citizen's group formed to counteract the assault
on privacy by the Kenneth Starr/congressional investigations
into President Clinton's sex life, has distributed a survey
to Members of Congress regarding their views on privacy.
   Members of Congress who oppose privacy rights will be asked
whether or not they have ever participated in an adulterous
affair, and whether or not they have lied about it.
   The group is concerned that the Kenneth Starr/congressional
investigations into the president's sex life are having a negative
impact on privacy that will affect ordinary citizens.
   "This whole sad affair is the product of decades-long disrespect
for privacy, for which our political leaders are responsible," said
Evan Hendricks, Editor and Publisher of "Privacy Times," and one of
the organizers of the group.
   "This effort is intended to arrest the free fall of privacy rights
triggered by the stunning abuses of power by the Starr investigation
and the Congressional dissemination of personal information," said
James Love.
   Today, No Privacy for Privacy Hypocrites distributed a survey to
Members of Congress asking:
  1. (A) Is consensual, non-commercial sexual conduct by adults in
private ever a proper subject for government inquiry? (B) Do you
believe that any branch of government should investigate allegations
that elected officials may have participated in an adulterous affair,
including allegations that they may have lied about it?
  2. If you answered "yes" to (A) or (B) in question (1): (A) Have
you ever participated in an adulterous affair?  (B) If yes, have you
ever lied about it?
  3. Do you think that any public official who has committed adultery
and lied about it should resign from public office?
   Survey responses will be placed on the web at:
 as soon the surveys are returned.
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 09/28 18:17
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-29 23:15:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Senate Passes Y2K Liability Limitation Bill 
Source:  US Newswire
Senate Passes Y2K Liability Limitation Bill U.S. Newswire
29 Sep 8:49
 Senate Passes Y2K Liability Limitation Bill
 To: National and State desks
 Contact: David Carle of the Office of Sen. Patrick Leahy,
          202-224-3693
   WASHINGTON, Sept. 29 /U.S. Newswire/ -- Following is the statement
of Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), ranking member of the Senate Judiciary
Committee, on Senate passage Monday night, Sept. 28, 1998, of the
Hatch-Leahy-Kyl Substitute to S.2392, which was initially introduced
by Sen. Bob Bennett, R-Utah, at the request of the Administration.
The bill also includes a new amendment by Sen. Fred Thompson
   The bill now goes to the House. The bill's purpose is to encourage
the full disclosure and exchange of solutions and test results for
Year 2000 computer problems, by providing limited liability
protection, for a limited time, for specific kinds of Year 2000
information that is considered essential to remediation efforts,
but not for faulty products or services. It promotes
company-to-company information sharing, without limiting the rights
of consumers.  The bill also includes a Leahy provision chartering
a national Y2K Website for consumers, small businesses and local
   "Four-hundred and fifty-eight days from now, millions of computers
controlling our air traffic, recording credit card sales, running
electric and phone systems, tracking bank deposits and monitoring
hospital patients may crash in befuddlement.
   "No bill can magically solve the Y2K problem, but this bill
greatly increases the chances that people will come forward more
readily with solutions.
   "This bill also includes a provision I have offered that will help
consumers, small businesses and local governments by chartering a
national information clearinghouse and Website as a starting point
to provide rapid and accurate information about solving Y2K problems.
   "Knowledge is power in exterminating the millennium bug, and it
makes perfect sense to amplify and encourage the use of the Internet
itself as an information resource in grappling with this problem."
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 09/29 08:49
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-29 23:15:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: NSA listening practices called European `threat' 
Source:  Baltimore Sun
NSA listening practices called European `threat'
European Parliament report accuses agency of widespread spying By Neal Thompson Sun Staff
The National Security Agency has incurred the wrath of some U.S.
allies and triggered debate about increased global eavesdropping,
thanks to a new report that accuses the agency of spying on
European citizens and companies.
With the help of a listening post in the moors of northern England,
NSA for nearly a decade has been snatching Europe's electronic
communications signals, according to a report for the European
"Within Europe, all e-mail, telephone and fax communications are
routinely intercepted by the United States National Security Agency,
transferring all target information to Fort Meade," said the report.
`Powerful threat'
It warned that the NSA's tactics represent a "powerful threat to civil
liberties in Europe" at a time when more communication -- and
commerce -- is conducted electronically.
A preliminary version of the report circulated overseas in recent
months, touching off heated debate, with front-page stories in Italy,
France, Scotland, England, Belgium and even Russia.
The NSA won't discuss the report or even admit that the listening
post exists.
But this week, two days of debate in the European Parliament
continued the extraordinary public disclosure of comprehensive
post-Cold War spying by the agency. On Wednesday, the
Parliament passed a resolution seeking more accountability from such
eavesdropping arrangements and more assurances that they won't be
"We want to make sure that somebody's watching them," said Glyn
Ford, a British member of the European Parliament, the legislative
body for the 15-member European Union.
Observers say this was the first time a governmental body has
described in detail -- and then criticized -- the NSA's tactics.
"The cat's well and true out of the bag," said Simon Davies, director
of the London-based watchdog group Privacy International. "I would
argue that we have made the grandest step in 50 years toward
accountability of such national security transparencies."
The report describes a sophisticated program called Echelon, which
the NSA established in conjunction with British intelligence agencies.
The program includes a listening post in Menwith Hill, in Yorkshire,
whose satellite dishes soak up the satellite and microwave
transmissions carrying Europe's telephone conversations, faxes and
Unlike Cold War spying aimed at the military, Echelon is a global
electronic surveillance system that targets individuals, businesses,
governments and organizations, the report says.
The U.S. shares the information with Britain, Canada, Australia and
New Zealand as part of an intelligence-sharing agreement called
UKUSA. Each nation has its own set of key words, so it can seek
information on specific issues, the report states.
Europe is but a fraction of Echelon's target area -- and the Menwith
Hill post is one of at least 10 around the world, the report adds.
"One reason its a bigger deal over there than it is over here [in the
U.S.] is because the SIGINT [signals intelligence] systems are over
their heads and not our heads," said Jeffrey Richelson, an analyst
with the National Security Archives, a U.S. group seeking to
declassify intelligence related documents.
Echelon repercussions
But the disclosure of Echelon could soon resonate across the Atlantic
after the European Parliament action. Furthermore, it could
complicate current negotiations between the U.S. and the European
Union over encryption programs that scramble or encode computer
information, said Parliament member Ford.
The U.S. has been lobbying for back-door access to such codes for
security reasons.
Originally published on Sep 19 1998 To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-29 23:15:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Fwd: [Spooks] NSA Allegedly Spied on Businesses 
U.S. Spy Agency Helped U.S. Companies Win Business Overseas-Report
September 21, 1998
Nikkei English News: TOKYO (AP)--A U.S. intelligence agency
electronically eavesdropped on  foreign companies and passed
information to U.S. competitors to help them win business
overseas, a major Tokyo  newspaper reported Saturday.
The National Security Agency monitored phone calls, faxes and
electronic  mail  of European and Japanese companies since at
least 1990, the Mainichi  newspaper said, citing a report
Wednesday by the European Parliament, the European Union's
The newspaper quoted the report as saying the NSA, in an
operation named "Echelon," used its vast eavesdropping network
to listen to business  negotiations.
The Central Intelligence Agency and British intelligence were
also involved, the paper said.
The paper said the report was submitted Wednesday to parliament
by its research bureau. Some of the findings also appeared in a
January report, the paper said.
In one case, the NSA monitored talks between French electronics
company Thomson-CSF and the Brazilian government over sale of a
radar system. An unnamed U.S. company ended up winning the
contract, the paper said.
The paper also said the NSA listened in on 1990 negotiations
between Japan's NEC Corp. and the Indonesian government over the
purchase of telecommunications machinery.
It used the information to urge Jakarta to award half the contract
to AT&T, the paper said.
Submissions should be sent to spooks
To unsubscribe, send "unsubscribe spooks" to majordomo
Black Helicopters on the Horizon:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-29 23:15:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Fwd: [Spooks] CIA Operative sentenced to five years imprisonment 
AP News Service
WASHINGTON (AP) _ A former CIA operative was sentenced to five years in prison
today for trying to extort $1 million from the agency in exchange for his
silence about government eavesdropping operations.  Douglas Fred Groat, 51,
pleaded guilty to the extortion charge in July. As part of the plea agreement,
federal prosecutors dropped four counts of espionage, including charges that
Groat told two foreign governments the CIA had cracked their coded
communications. U.S. District Judge Thomas F. Hogan said Groat's actions appeared to stem from
his ``almost becoming obsessed'' about a job dispute with the CIA. ``I don't think at any time you really had any intention of trying to harm our
national security,'' Hogan said.  The judge said he would recommend housing Groat in a minimum-security prison
and ordered him to serve three years of supervised release after completing
his sentence. Groat, a burly, bearded man, did not speak in the courtroom
except to clarify part of his written statement to the court, which was not
He said that in complaining about the ``harsh conditions of my solitary
confinement,'' he did not mean to imply that any federal officials treated him
harshly. His lawyer, public defender Robert L. Tucker, said the case was ``a
shame'' and that Groat's actions ``everybody would agree had their genesis in
a dispute with the CIA about employment.'' Prosecutors said in July a trial in the case could have forced them to
disclose sensitive national security information. Groat agreed to help the
government sort out whether his activities damaged
national security, and he promised to submit any books, articles or interviews
to federal officials for security review.  Prosecutor Ron Walutes told Hogan
the government was ``fully satisfied'' with Groat's cooperation since his
guilty plea on July 27.  Groat, a former employee of the CIA division that
develops eavesdropping plans and code-breaking technology, worked for the CIA
from 1980 until he was fired in October 1996. Early in his career, he served
as a field operative
participating in break-ins of foreign embassies. In a summary agreed to in July by Groat, prosecutors said he sent a series of
letters to the CIA in 1996 and 1997 demanding $1 million and saying that in
return he would not engage in ``any activities which may hinder present or
future intelligence gathering efforts.'' Officials did not identify the two
countries Groat had been accused of aiding. Groat was held without bail since
he was arrested in April. He will be able to collect his CIA pension when he
turns 62. He could have been sentenced to up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Groat had been the third current or former CIA employee arrested on espionage
charges in the past four years. However, he was lower-ranking than Alrich Ames
and Harold Nicholson, who pleaded guilty and are imprisoned for selling
secrets to Moscow. Copyright 1998 AP News Service. All rights reserved
Submissions should be sent to spooks
To unsubscribe, send "unsubscribe spooks" to majordomo
Black Helicopters on the Horizon:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:39:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Big Brother Is Monitoring Us by Databases - Sept. PSR - Part 1 
Big Brother Is Monitoring Us by Databases  The hottest issue in America today is our discovery that the Federal
 Government is trying to tag, track and monitor our health care
 records through national databases and personal identification
 numbers. This is a priority election issue, and every Congressional
 and Senatorial candidate should be ready to answer questions from
 his constituents.  Americans are accustomed to enjoying the freedom to go about our
 daily lives without telling government what we are doing. The idea of
 having Big Brother monitor our life and activities, as forecast in
 George Orwell's great book 1984, is not acceptable in America.  Unfortunately, the liberals, who always seek control over how we live
 our lives and how we spend our money, are using terrorists,
 criminals, illegal aliens, welfare cheats, and deadbeat dads as
 excuses to impose oppressive government surveillance over our
 private lives. It is typical of the liberals to go after law-abiding citizens
 rather than just the law-violators.  Modern technology has made it possible to build a file on every
 American, and to record and track our comings and goings.
 Computers can now collect and store immense databases, with
 detailed records about individual Americans' health status and
 treatment, job status and applications, automobiles and driving,
 financial transactions, credit, banking, school and college
 performance, and travels within and without the country.  In the novel 1984, an omnipresent Big Brother watched every citizen
 at home and work from a giant television screen. Databases can now
 accomplish the same surveillance and tracking much more
 efficiently. In the novel 1984, Big Brother was able to read the
 individual's secret diary hidden in his home. The Clinton
 Administration and the FBI are right now demanding the right to read
 our e-mail and computer files, listen in on our phone conversations,
 and track the whereabouts of our cell phone calls.  Some of these databases are under the direct control of the
 government (e.g., Internal Revenue, Social Security, and the
 Department of Education, which has amassed 15 national
 databases), and some are privately owned but give access to the
 government. These databases convey enormous power to whoever
 controls them. In government hands, they are the power to control
 our very life, our health care, our access to a job, our financial
 transactions, and our entry to school and college. In private hands,
 these databases are immensely profitable to the companies that own
 them and market them for commercial purposes.  The Clinton Administration, Congress, big corporations that funnel
 million of dollars of soft money into political coffers, and some
 powerful foundations have cooperated in seeking federal legislation to
 establish a property right in these databases. So much power and
 money are involved in accessing and controlling personal information
 that the Washington lobbyists are moving rapidly to lock in the
 extraordinary powers Congress has already conferred on those who
 build databases and to build a wall of federal protection around them.  If we want to preserve American freedom, it's time to stop government
 access to these databases. Let's look at some of the ways that
 Clinton and Congress have cooperated in the building of databases
 that tag, track and monitor our daily lives.     1.The 1996 Kennedy-Kassebaum law (the Health Insurance
      Portability and Accountability Act) gives the Department of
      Health and Human Services (HHS) the power to create
      "unique health care identifiers" so that government can
      electronically tag, track and monitor every citizen's personal
      medical records. The plan is that everyone must submit an
      identification document with a unique number in order to
      receive health care, or the provider will not be paid. A
      database containing every American's medical records,
      identified by a unique number, was a central feature of
      Clinton's defeated 1994 health care bill, but it reemerged in the
      Kennedy-Kassebaum bill. Bill Clinton, Ted Kennedy, and Bob
      Dole all bragged about passing this law.     2.H.R. 4250, the 1998 Patient Protection Act, passed by the
      House on July 24, 1998, will allow anyone who maintains
      personal medical records to gather, exchange and distribute
      them. The only condition on distribution is that the information
      be used for "health care operations," which is vague and
      meaningless.       Even worse, H.R. 4250 preempts state laws that currently
      protect patients from unauthorized distribution of their medical
      records. There are several exemptions to the gathering of
      information that reveal the liberal bias of the drafters of this bill:
      The bill exempts from the gathering of medical records any
      information about abortions performed on minors. That
      provision is a sure sign of the kind of control of health care
      that this bill opens up.     3.The Collections of Information Antipiracy Act (which
      originally had another number) was added (just before House
      passage) to H.R. 2281, the 1998 WIPO Copyright Treaties
      Implementation Act and the Internet Copyright Infringement
      Liability Clarification Act. No one, of course, is in favor of
      "piracy," but this bill goes far beyond any reasonable definition
      of piracy.       This Collections of Information bill, in effect, creates a new
      federal property right to own, manage and control personal
      information about you, including your name, address,
      telephone number, medical records, and "any other intangible
      material capable of being collected and organized in a
      systematic way." This bill provides a powerful incentive for
      corporations to build nationwide databases of the personal
      medical information envisioned by the Kennedy-Kassebaum
      law and the Patient Protection bill. This bill will encourage
      health care corporations to assign a unique national health
      identifier to each patient. The government can then simply
      agree to use a privately-assigned national identifier, and
      Clinton's longtime goal of government control of health care
      will be achieved.       Under the Collections of Information bill, any information about
      you can be owned and controlled by others under protection of
      Federal law. Your medical chart detailing your visits to your
      doctor, for example, would suddenly become the federally
      protected property of other persons or corporations, and their
      rights would be protected by Federal police power. This bill
      creates a new Federal crime that penalizes a first offense by a
      fine of up to $250,000 or imprisonment for up to five years, or
      both, for interfering with this new property right. It even
      authorizes Federal judges to order seizure of property before a
      finding of wrongdoing.       H.R. 2281 grants these new Federal rights only to private
      databases, and pretends to exclude the government's own
      efforts to collect information about citizens. But a loophole in
      the bill permits private firms to share their federally protected
      data with the government so long as the information is not
      collected under a specific government agency or license
      agreement. This loophole will encourage corporations,
      foundations, Washington insiders and political donors to build
      massive databases of citizens' medical and other personal
      records, and then share that data with the government.     4.The 1993 Comprehensive Child Immunization Act
      authorized the Department of Health and Human Services "to
      establish state registry systems to monitor the immunization
      status of all children." HHS and the Robert Wood Johnson
      Foundation have since sent hundreds of millions of dollars to
      states to set up these databases (often without parental
      knowledge or consent).       The Centers for Disease Control (CDC) is aggressively trying
      to convert these state databases into a national database of
      all children's medical records. The CDC is using the tracking
      of immunizations as a ruse to build a national patient
      information system. The government is already demanding
      that all newborns and all children who enter school be given
      the controversial Hepatitis B vaccine. This is just the start of
      government control of our health care made possible by
      databases of medical records.     5.The 1996 Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant
      Responsibility Act (especially Section 656(b)) prohibits the
      use of state driver's licenses after Oct. 1, 2000 unless they
      contain Social Security numbers as the unique numeric
      identifier "that can be read visually or by electronic means."
      The act requires all driver's licenses to conform to regulations
      promulgated by the Secretary of Transportation, and it is
      clearly an attempt to convert driver's licenses into national I.D.
      Cards. This law also orders the Transportation Department to
      engage in "consultation" with the American Association of
      Motor Vehicle Administrators, which has long urged using
      driver's licenses, with Social Security numbers and digital
      fingerprinting, as a de facto national ID card that would enable
      the government to track everyone's movements throughout
      North America.       When Social Security was started, the government made a
      contract with the American people that the Social Security
      number would never be used for identification. Call this another
      broken promise.       Meanwhile, many states are already trying to legislate driver's
      licenses that are actually a "smart card" with a magnetic strip
      that contains a digitized fingerprint, retina scan, DNA print,
      voice print, or other biometric identifiers. These smart cards
      will leave an electronic trail every time you use it. New
      Jersey's proposed smart card would even track your payment
      of bridge and highway tolls and loans of books from the library,
      as well as credit card purchases and visits to your doctor.     6.The 1996 Welfare Reform Act (the Personal Responsibility
      and Work Opportunity Reform Act) sets up the Directory of
      New Hires. All employers are now required to send the
      government the name, address and Social Security number of
      every new worker and every employee who is promoted. This
      will eventually be a massive database, tracking nearly every
      worker in America.     7.Public-private partnerships. An example of how databases
      and copyrights, in partnerships with the government, can be
      used for private gain and control over millions of people is the
      way the American Medical Association (AMA) worked out an
      exclusive contract with the Health Care Financing
      Administration (HCFA), a division of the Department of Health
      and Human Services (HHS). The AMA developed and
      copyrighted a database of 6,000 medical procedures and
      treatments to use as a billing system. The AMA then
      contracted with HCFA to force the entire health care industry
      (including all doctors) to buy and use the AMA's system.  A federal Court of Appeals reviewed this peculiar AMA/HCFA
 arrangement and, in August 1997, held that the AMA had "misused
 its copyright by licensing the [payment coding system] to HCFA in
 exchange for HCFA's agreement not to use a competing coding
 system." The court stated, "The plain language of the AMA's
 licensing agreement requires HCFA to use the AMA's copyrighted
 coding system and prohibits HCFA from using any other."  This exclusive government-granted monopoly is worth tens of millions
 of dollars annually to the AMA, and it ensures the AMA's support of
 any Clinton health care proposal, no matter how socialistic. This type
 of public-private partnership, often concealed from public scrutiny, is
 becoming the preferred technique to advance the liberal agenda.  The American people do not want their private life and activities
 monitored by Big Brother. Tell your Congressman and Senator to
 repeal all these provisions which protect the building of databases
 that track our daily activities. To read the entire September 98 PSR go to:
The "Dirty Dozen" . . .   Here are the 12
Republicans who voted to uphold Clinton's veto of
the partial-birth abortion ban.
To receive the Phyllis Schlafly Report  HARDCOPY Send check or money order to: Eagle Forum * P.O. Box 618 * Alton * IL 62002 To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:40:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: FW: Release: seizing money 
NEWS FROM THE LIBERTARIAN PARTY
2600 Virginia Avenue, NW, Suite 100
Washington DC 20037
For release: September 29, 1998
For additional information:
George Getz, Press Secretary
Phone: (202) 333-0008 Ext. 222
E-Mail: 76214.3676
New bill will allow police to "steal cash"
from travelers, warns Libertarian Party
        WASHINGTON, DC -- It may soon be a crime to get on a plane or
drive down the highway in America with too much money, the Libertarian
Party warned today.
        That's because a bill before the Senate Judiciary Committee
would allow police to assume that anyone traveling with more than
$10,000 in cash in so-called "drug transit areas" is a drug dealer --
and confiscate all their money.
        "Tourists and business travelers, take note: You may soon have
to fear being mugged by your own government," warned Steve Dasbach,
Libertarian Party national director.
        "Your government wants the power to label you a criminal and
seize all your money with no proof that you've committed a crime. In
other words, your government is about to give police a license to
        The bill in question -- the Drug Currency Forfeitures Act -- is
sponsored by Senators Max Cleland (D-GA) and Charles Grassley (R-IA).
The senators say their bill is designed to "hit drug dealers where it
hurts the most: In the wallet."
        The bill allows police to seize cash from any American
traveling through a drug transit area -- defined as an airport,
highway, or port of entry -- and would force citizens to go to court to
try to get the money back.
        "Accusations without proof? Punishments without trials? Welcome
to America in 1998," said Dasbach. "With this bill, two U.S. Senators
want to gut the Constitution -- and strip away fundamental rights like
the presumption of innocence and the right to carry money without
having to explain your actions to the government."
        One of the most repugnant provisions of the bill, Dasbach said,
is that people who want their money back will face a "rebuttable
presumption" of guilt. In other words, they most prove they are
        "Senator Cleland complained that courts frequently throw out
money-laundering cases for lack of evidence, so his innovative solution
was to stop requiring evidence -- and simply allow police to steal your
money," Dasbach said. "Instead of the government proving that you are
guilty, you must prove that you are innocent."
        But why would anyone carry around $10,000 in cash, if they're
not a drug dealer?
        "It's none of the government's business -- period," Dasbach
said. "The idea that any American should have to explain to the police
where their money came from is offensive, and the idea that the police
can pocket your money if they don't like your answers is downright
        In previous well-documented cases, he noted, the government has
seized money from a business traveler who had planned major cash
purchases for his company, and from a foreign-born American who was
bringing cash to relatives in another country. In both cases, the
courts ruled that the seizure was improper, and the victims got most of
their money back from the government.
        This bill would reverse those kinds of cases, Dasbach
predicted, by essentially creating a new type of crime: Driving While
Rich and Flying While Affluent -- all in the name of the War on Drugs.
        "What the Drug Currency Forfeitures Act really shows is that
once again, the War on Drugs has become an all-purpose excuse for a War
on Your Rights, such as the right to a fair trial and the right to get
on an airplane or drive down the highway without having to explain
yourself to a policeman," Dasbach said. "If Americans don't put a stop
to this, the politicians will not only steal all our money -- they will
also steal all our Constitutional rights."
The Libertarian Party                         2600 Virginia Ave. NW, Suite 100             voice: 202-333-0008
Washington DC 20037                            fax: 202-333-0072
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:40:11
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: The Great Superterrorism Scare 
The Great Superterrorism Scare
28 September 1998 - Source: Foreign Policy, Fall, 1998, pp. 110-124. Thanks to the author and Foreign Policy.

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:38:58
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Chinese Govt Bans Controversial Clinton Book 
Source:  US Newswire
PRIMA: Chinese Government Bans Controversial Clinton Book
U.S. Newswire
29 Sep 15:06
 PRIMA Publishing: Chinese Government Bans Controversial Clinton
 To: National Desk
 Contact: Diana Banister of Craig Shirley & Associates,
          800-536-5920, pager: 703-816-9368
   WASHINGTON, Sept. 29 /U.S. Newswire/ -- The following was released
today by Prima Publishing:
   Chinese authorities have refused to allow three publishing
houses to translate a new book -- "The Clinton Syndrome, The
President and the Self-Destructive Nature of Sexual Addiction" by
California-based Prima Publishing. The book takes a clinical look
at the life and behavior of Bill Clinton and explains why the
president would risk his presidency for a sexual relationship with
an intern.
   "We have been told that the Chinese government does not want to
make a book of this kind available in China because they consider
it unfavorable to President Clinton," says Robin Taylor, rights
associate at Prima Publishing. "The Chinese authorities apparently
don't understand why Americans treat their president just like any
other person and allow citizens to write about their government
   In "The Clinton Syndrome," Jerome D. Levin, Ph.D., a
psychotherapist, addictions specialist and professor, assesses the
character of a man so driven by a sexual addiction that he would
risk his presidency to fulfill a desperate need for reassurance and
validation of his worth.
   Prima does not consider the Clinton Syndrome an "anti-Clinton"
book. In fact, Dr. Levin voted for President Clinton twice and
agrees with his policies. But he still believes the president is in
serious need of help for a classic case of sexual addiction.
   "We work with foreign publishers around the world on numerous
books," says Taylor. "Never have we had the subject matter of
a book impede its publication in a foreign country. But I guess
it's understandable when you consider the relationship between the
Clinton administration and the current Chinese government."
   "The Clinton Syndrome," published by Prima Publishing of
Rocklin, Calif., is available in bookstores nationwide. For more
information or to schedule an interview with Dr. Jerome D. Levin or
a Prima spokesman, please call Ciana Banister at 800-536-5920.
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 09/29 15:06
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:41:09
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Attn Should Turn to 'Buying of Congress' 
Source:  US Newswire
Author: Attention Should Turn to 'Buying of Congress' U.S. Newswire
29 Sep 14:54
 Nation's Attention Should Turn to 'Buying of Congress' Says Author
Charles Lewis
 To: National and Assignment Desks
 Contact: Marie Elena Martinez of Avon Books, 212-261-6903
   News Advisory:
   "America's citizens have been so distracted by the barrage of
commentary, testimony and endless supposition about the President
Clinton/Monica Lewinsky saga that Capitol Hill lawmakers have had a
reprieve from even the limited amount of scrutiny that normally
surrounds their activities," says Charles Lewis, whose THE BUYING OF
THE CONGRESS: How Special Interests Have Stolen Your Right to Life,
Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness, written with The Center For
Public Integrity, has just been published.  He points out that while
the nation focuses on whether or not President Clinton should be
impeached, no one is scrutinizing the acts of grand larceny committed
by Congress every day.
   "The attention being paid to the current scandal means that
nobody's minding the store, and the store -- Congress -- needs
minding," says Lewis pointing to the ever-increasing influence of
big-money special interests and the impact this has on people's
lives every single day.  Just a few of the detrimental results
of Congress's love affair with special interests, as detailed
in THE BUYING OF THE CONGRESS, are: little or no action on Social
Security, the continued threat to life from e-coli contamination
and other poisoned foods, the loss of full health benefits,
the number of people who must hold two jobs to make ends meet,
the enormous drop in the percentage of federal tax revenue paid
by corporations, and low voter turnout.  "We've found that members
of Congress moonlight for themselves and their wealthy patrons
more than they work for us," says Lewis who then enumerates
"employers" as varied as Lockheed-Martin, Ameritech, the National
Right to Life PAC, and the National Rifle Association.
   Among the people who are most vocal in their condemnation of
President Clinton during this tumultuous time are several whose
career patrons are publicly identified for the first time in THE
BUYING OF THE CONGRESS, including Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich
(R-GA), and Minority Leader Dick Gephardt (D-MO).
   "With the elections just six weeks away, we can't afford to
overlook Congress's own misdeeds," says Lewis.
    ------
   FOR INTERVIEWS OR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CONTACT: Marie Elena
Martinez, 212/261-6903
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 09/29 14:54
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:38:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Army goes offline in reaction to Pentagon order 
Source:  Federal Computer Week
SEPTEMBER 28, 1998 . . . 11:50 EDT Army goes offline in reaction to Pentagon order
BY BOB BREWIN (antenna
The Army slammed shut its door to the wired world last week, closing down
all its World Wide Web sites in reaction to a new Pentagon Web security
Only the Army had such a drastic response to a Defense Department memo
issued last week that spelled out what information DOD Web sites should and
should not post. The Air Force, the Navy and the Marine Corps still offer
the public access to popular and highly visible Web pages.
The Army's move is in reaction to Deputy Secretary of Defense John Hamre's
policy memo released Sept. 17, which directed all military organizations
that maintain Web sites to review and then remove sensitive information
that could aid potential enemies of the United States. Hamre said some Web
sites in the past have provided "too much detail on DOD capabilities,
infrastructure and operational capabilities.'' Hamre said this new policy
will help DOD to "strike a balance between openness and sound security.''
The Army, according to an internal message furnished to FCW, responded by
directing all commanders to ensure that "all of their publicly accessible
Web sites are immediately disconnected from the Internet.''
Lt. Gen. William Campbell, the Army's director of information systems for
command, control, communications and computers, sent the message at 5 p.m.
Friday. He added that the shutdown could be accomplished by physically
disconnecting Web servers from the public network, moving all Web site
files from public to nonpublic servers or instituting control mechanisms
that prohibit public access.
The internal Army message also suggested that commands deal with frustrated
users trying to access Army Web sites by posting a new "cover page'' (in
use on many Army Web pages, including the main site at  that
reads: "This Army Web site is not currently available. This Web site will
be available again after maintenance is completed.''
The Web shutdown caught the public affairs staff at the Department of the
Army's headquarters in the Pentagon by surprise. An Army spokesman was
unable to offer any explanation for the move or any indication of when the
sites would be operating again.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:38:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Secret Courts Approve More Wiretapping 
Source:  Excerpted from:
NOTE: In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed without profit or payment to those who have expressed a prior
interest in receiving this information for non-profit research and
educational purposes only. For more information go to:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:41:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Secrecy might be weak link in wiretaps 
Source:  USA Today
09/29/98- Updated 11:55 PM ET
 The Nation's Homepage
Secrecy might be weak link in wiretaps
 ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Intelligence officials increasingly rely on
 wiretaps authorized by a secret federal court to keep track of foreign
 spies and potential terrorists.  But an espionage trial set to begin in federal court here next Tuesday
 highlights what even the secret court's supporters admit is its weakness:
 The court's secrecy can make it very difficult for defendants caught on
 the wiretaps to defend themselves.  "If my client had been wiretapped based on (an ordinary federal)
 warrant, you can bet I'd be all over it," says Richard Sauber, a
 Washington, D.C., lawyer defending accused spy Kurt Stand.  "But this isn't an ordinary warrant. Under law I can't find out what the
 wiretap was based on, whether the information was flawed, whether
 the judge was correct to authorize it. There's a fundamental issue of
 fairness here," Sauber says.  Ironically, fairness was cited as the issue in 1978, when the Foreign
 Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) created a special secret court for
 authorizing wiretaps on suspected spies.  The FISA court was created by Congress as a check against the
 power of presidents, who until then had authorized wiretaps and
 warrantless searches on their own say so in the interest of national
 security.  The law requires the Justice Department, and usually the FBI or the
 National Security Agency, to show a judge that the target is a foreign
 government or agent engaging in "clandestine intelligence gathering
 activities" or terrorism. "The spirit of the thing is to hold the (wiretap
 requests) to a high legal standard," says William Webster, director of
 the FBI when FISA was passed. "That's a large departure from the
 way things had been done."  Now, investigators prepare a written request and run it by Justice
 Department lawyers. Justice certifies that the tap's primary purpose is
 to gather intelligence, though information gleaned can be used in
 criminal cases.  The request then is presented to one of seven FISA judges, who are
 U.S. district court judges appointed by the chief justice to authorize
 intelligence wiretaps. Many of the requests are heard in a soundproof
 sixth-floor conference room in the Justice Department's main
 headquarters.  The target of the search is not represented.  Says David Banisar, researcher for the Electronic Privacy Information
 Center: "There are mistakes made in ordinary warrant processes, from
 getting the wrong address to not having probable cause, and they can
 be corrected when lawyers attack the warrant. "  "That can't happen here," he says. "We'll never know how many
 mistakes are made because the (secret) court's proceeding isn't public."
 By Richard Willing, USA TODAY
(c)COPYRIGHT 1998 USA TODAY, a division of Gannett Co. Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:39:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Courts OK record number of wiretaps 
Source:  USA Today
09/30/98- Updated 12:06 AM ET
 The Nation's Homepage
Courts OK record number of wiretaps
 WASHINGTON - Federal judges operating in secret courts are
 authorizing unprecedented numbers of wiretaps and clandestine
 searches aimed at spies and terrorists operating in the USA, Justice
 Department records show.  During the last three years, an average of 760 wiretaps and searches a
 year were carried out, a 38% increase from the 550 a year from 1990
 to 1994.  Federal judges have authorized a yearly average of 463 ordinary
 wiretaps since 1990 in drug, organized crime and other criminal cases.  Part of the growth in surveillance is attributed to an increase in
 espionage and terrorist activities in the USA.  "There's a greater quantity of the folks who are potentially problematic
 out there," says Jamie Gorelick, who as deputy attorney general from
 1994 to 1997 helped review wiretap applications.  Proponents say the surveillance reflects a stepped-up federal response
 to increased terrorist activity on American soil.  Opponents argue that the process endangers the very liberties it seeks
 to protect.  "This issue is where the rubber hits the road," says William Webster,
 who headed the FBI in 1978 when the law allowing the secret wiretaps
 was passed. "It's where we try to balance the concept of our liberty
 against what has to be done to protect it."  The wiretaps, which are applied for by the Justice Department under
 the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) and carried out by the
 FBI and National Security Agency, have received their greatest use yet
 under President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno.  Since 1995, FISA courts also have authorized searches of the homes,
 cars, computers and other property of suspected spies. In its two
 decades, FISA courts have approved 11,950 applications and turned
 down one request.  Generally, defense lawyers can challenge the basis for authorizing a
 wiretap. But supporting information for wiretaps authorized by the
 FISA court are sealed for national security reasons.  "It legitimizes what would appear to be contrary to constitutional
 protections," says Steven Aftergood, privacy specialist at the
 Federation of American Scientists. "It's a challenge to the foundation of
 American liberties."  Opponents also say the government is using the wiretaps to replace
 conventional criminal searches which must meet a higher legal standard.
 "There's a growing addiction to the use of the secret court as an
 alternative to more conventional investigative means," says Jonathan
 Turley, law professor at George Washington University in Washington,
 D.C.  The wiretaps are meant to develop intelligence, not to help make
 criminal cases. But the wiretap information was used to secure guilty
 pleas from CIA turncoats Aldrich Ames in 1994 and Harold Nicolson
 in 1997.  By Richard Willing, USA TODAY
(c)COPYRIGHT 1998 USA TODAY, a division of Gannett Co. Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:38:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Innovative Approach to Biometric ID Authentication 
Source:  PR Newswire
DEL-ID... AN UNUSUAL AND INNOVATIVE APPROACH TO ID AUTHENTICATION     MONTREAL, Sept. 28 /CNW-PRN/ - The market for ID authentication
products that use biometric technologies is experiencing strong growth. The
dominant technology at the moment uses finger prints (or, to be exact,
finger print details, such as bifurcations or ridge endings). The reason is
simple.  It has long been accepted that finger prints are unique to each
individual; this assumption is backed by probability analyses confirming
that the theoretical probability of finding similar finger-print detail
configurations in two different individuals is about 10(-20) (that is,
about one chance in a billion billion).  In practice, however, measuring
errors can occur when processing finger-print images, increasing the
probability of error to about one in a
thousand for top-quality commercial systems.
    There are weaknesses in the existing approach, however. For example,
privacy cannot be guaranteed when a digital finger print is used for ID
authentication and large pieces of equipment are required.  For these
reasons, other options must be considered. The del-ID solution proposed by
delSecur is an original and attractive approach.     The delSecur system processes finger-print image data analogically, not
digitally, creating an abstract image of the characteristics of the human
finger.  The video signal from the reader that captures the finger image is
analogically processed.  To register with the del-ID authentication system,
you place your finger over the reader (without touching it, so you don't
leave finger prints on it) and an abstract image of your finger print is
stored. This becomes your personal electronic signature.  When someone
claiming to be you places his finger over the reader, a new abstract image
is generated and authenticated by comparison with the stored image; a
comparison matrix developed by delSecur is used to determine the similarity
of the two images. The matrix, patented by delSecur, comes from the field
of photography and may be combined with other metric matrices developed by
CRIM or borrowed from other existing technologies.
    The delSecur concept is original. It is different from conventional
approaches and its architecture is unusually simple.  What distinguishes
the delSecur concept is the representation of the finger image and the
technology that allows this representation to be used for authentication.
delSecur uses a patented process to create an abstract image that contains
data unique to an individual. delSecur not only built a device to
demonstrate the potential of the concept but also developed a preliminary
architecture for the registration and authentication prototype, making it
possible to analyze the concept--the maximum rotation angle for feasibility
and authentication, for example.     Given the encouraging results of the scientific evaluation of the basic
concept of the del-ID system, delSecur, in partnership with CRIM and other
firms, is planning to begin a case study and pilot projects with large
Canadian and international firms to clarify and test technical details.
The ultimate goal is implementation of a wide variety of applications on a
very large scale.
    The del-ID system is marketed by delSecur, a Canadian company wholly
owned by Grandeur Inc., a firm listed on the New York stock exchange.     NASDAQ: GDER
(c)1998 PR Newswire. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:39:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Navy investigating GSU computer hacker 
Source:  Savannah Morning News
U.S. Navy investigating GSU computer hacker University computer was used to break into a government
By Jenel Williams Few
Savannah Morning News
Someone used a Georgia Southern University writing and linguistics
department classroom computer to break into government files and the
U.S. Navy wants to know why.
The Naval Criminal Investigation Office is looking into a computer
hacking case at Georgia Southern University, according to Bryan
Stamper, special agent in charge at the Jacksonville, Fla., office.
John Glacier, assistant director for technical support at Georgia
Southern, said the school was recently asked to find out which of its
computers was used to access computer files from a government
"We believe it was from our model classroom during a scheduled
classtime," Glacier said.
He tracked the school's computer records and discovered that someone
used a computer in the writing and linguistics department's model
classroom to hack into a government computer while a class was in
"They ran a file transfer protocol program, which allows you to
download files and gain access to someone else's computer," Glacier
Details about the Navy's investigation will be made available at a later
Computer hacking can carry serious federal penalties, according to
Federal Bureau of Investigations Special Agent William Kirkconnell. An
innocent infiltration may not merit any punishment, but using a computer
to steal classified government information could be considered
espionage, he said.
"It depends on what agency was affected, whether it was done
maliciously and whether the information was used for criminal
purposes," he said.
Glacier said he does not know who used the campus computer to break
into government files or how much information was accessed.
"They wouldn't say if files were downloaded or uploaded," Glacier said,
referring to bringing information into the GSU computer or taking
information from the GSU computer and sending it to another one.
"They haven't questioned any students."
Although he doesn't know the culprit's motivation, Glacier said these
types of incidents often occur among bright, curious students.
"College-age students want to apply the knowledge they have gained
about computers," he said. "What they've learned in high school and
college intuitively generates curiosity and they want a challenge."
Last year, in a similar incident, Glacier said a hacker tried to hide some
computer mischief by calling a Georgia Southern computer and linking
up to computers from the Philippines to the Midwest before breaking
into government files.
"It alarms me that we would be used that way, but it occurs around the
world and it's not too hard to use computers this way," Glacier said.
Higher education reporter Jenel Williams Few can be reached at
Web posted Wednesday, September 30, 1998
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:49:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [FP] FW: NID Repeal Possible 
SCAN THIS NEWS
[Forwarded message follows]
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, September 29, 1998
A source inside Dick Armey's office today said that it is probable
that there will be a national ID repeal provision in the Omnibus
appropriations bill this year. We need to continue to "remind" the
House leadership (Gingrich, Armey, DeLay) that this is a non-negotiable
issue over the next week. Armey and DeLay are friends of ours on this
issue, but Gingrich will do only what the political winds tell him.
Patrick Poole
Free Congress Foundation
Patrick S. Poole, Deputy Director
phone: 202-546-3000
fax: 202-544-2819
[End of forwarded message]
[Good link to contact your congress-critters:]
Call your Congress person every day toll-free!
[Haven't checked these numbers to see if they are still good.]
You may phone the U. S. Capitol switchboard at any of the following
numbers, when they answer, ask for your Senator or Representative's office.
If you don't know the name of your Senator or Representative, tell the
operator where you live and she will connect you to the proper office. [Here's another number:]
The Unions have set up a toll-free number so individuals can call
Congress. If you have to call a congressional office, use the following
number: 1-888-723-5246. Each phone call may cost the unions between
$4.00-$10.00. Use it if you're on the hill or off the hill. Give the
number to 15 of your closest friends and have them call their
congressman's office just to say "hi". Calling this number puts you
directly through to the congressional operator.
[Haven't checked it either.]
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-10-01 18:08:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: EduFUD: Computers, software can harm emotional, social development 
I just saw a special on nightline last night in which Koppel
berated his guests for not necessarily agreeing that
computer budgets are too much, and not doing good, possibly
doing bad for kids, and that more research is necessary
before schools commit to computers.
it's totally reactionary, and neo-luddite. it's like saying, "stop the world!!
it's going too fast!! it's making me dizzy!! I want to get off!!"
heck, wasn't it just a few weeks ago the govt was screaming
in a study about how there would soon be a shortage of computer
scientists? the hypocrisy of the establishment is always breathtaking and unparalleled.
one researcher said that it was causing kids not putting up
with frustration or frustrating experiences as much.
well, hallelujah I say!! if the sheeple of this country had
less tolerance for the intolerable situations regularly
encountered in schools, govts, business, etc.-- perhaps it
would GO AWAY as they exert their influence and pressure
and displeasure.
imho, the "powers that be" are terrified of computers.
PCs are very egalitarian and are creating a new revolution
in information flow and economies. a student who understands
how to navigate through the world of knowledge without  a
chaperone is a dangerous, freethinking individual in
our current stifling, asphyxiating intellectual atmosphere.
the whole image of parents limiting how much their children
can surf the net is quite amusing to me. it's like trying
to push a river.
computers have shown up on the radars of the "powers that
be" as having an alarming effect on the people that use them.
perhaps they are less likely to tolerate crap in their
lives? less tolerant of worthless "middlemen", or less
politely, parasites?
forgive me if I may be a bit more sharp here.
there are many, many parasites feeding off the crap of
our culture, and they don't want that crap to dry up.
but cyberspace has a remarkable ability to cut through
the crap and the parasites. "the speed of cyberspace"...
a new speed limit in the world. or rather, a new
breakdown in all previous limits. a speed UNLIMIT.
oh, the terror! kids might even get bored with our cultures 2 great
opiates: sports and entertainment.  who knows what will
happen then?  tyranny is held in place by frivolous and
meaningless pastimes and amusements in our world.
fortunately, PCs and the internet are now an unstoppable
force. we will see soon what happens when it meets many
"immovable objects" such as govt ineptitude, intransigence,
entrenched control freaks, slavemasters, etc.....
PCs are definitely becoming a political and social force now.
not all effects are positive, but it's creating a new
reality I vastly prefer to the old, shriveled up one.

@_date: 1998-10-01 18:20:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: microcurrency proposal 
recently James Donald wrote some well-thought-out/reasoned comments
on digital currency and microcurrency.
I've been talking about microcurrency for many years on this
list, and am quite chagrined lately at how long it is taking
to actually materialize. I would have thought it would be
available, for web pages especially, by now.
the new scaled-back goals of Digicash are disappointing, but
a good reality check.
musing over all this is leading me in the following direction.
a few months ago or so I posted info about a company that
was doing a plugin for netscape that allowed some small currency
transactions. I don't know what happened to this company--
does anyone remember who it was, or their web site?
but I think this is a very promising approach. a company
can create a plugin that would support microcurrency charges
for web page hits very easily. here's how: the plugin interacts with any site that has
enabled it. it sends a code to the site using a protocol.
the site returns pages only upon a valid transaction request.
for regular browsers without the plugin, the message is,
"sorry, this page costs $.01, please download so-and-so
people are very willing to download plugins to look at pages.
people download plugins just to look at animation boxes.
surely they will be willing to download them to serve up
entire pages/content.
how would the cash charge work? when the person gets the plugin, they give the plugin company their credit card
number. the company takes care of the problem of accruing
micro charges, keeping track of transactions/bills, and billing the credit card in large amounts.
contesting a charge would tend to happen very rarely (because
of the small charges, it is barely worth the effort), but
the system could still support this.
the problem is trying to transfer money to various individuals
if their microcharge accounts have a net positive value instead
of negative (in which case they would be charged their credit
card at the end of the month). how do you transfer this money?
one possibility is sending a check at the end of every month,
or quarter, somewhat similar to the Amazon associates program.
another possibility is figuring a way to credit a credit card
account. this can be done, but from what I understand it is
"frowned upon" by the companies. I have always wondered if
the "powers that be" have intentionally tried to enforce this
so that credit cards cannot turn into a cash transfer mechanism.
of course, I'm leaving the issue of taxes out of this, but
the microcharge company could be a point of collection for
notice that none of what I am proposing above requires any
new infrastructure whatsoever, except a little programming
into a plugin. the distribution of the plugin is partly solved
in that plugins are already distributed all over the net
and understood by end-users.
such a plugin could rapidly become the standard for
"microcurrency" and be a wedge that might be the creation
of a whole new industry within an industry. i.e.
microcurrency on the web, very much the way Netscape virtually
singlehandedly created the entire industry of the web within the existing internet.
the door is wide open. such a company could be a very lucrative
endeavor if handled very delicately and carefully, navigating
the minefield of glitches that are surely to be present (many
of which have prevented it from happening to date)
as I understand, the digicash software was not in fact
in plugin form for a browser. this is a pretty serious
handicap imho. the technique of turning it all into a browser plugin based on the existing credit card system
seems to me to be the crucial element that could make
it happen.

@_date: 1998-10-01 18:51:19
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Casio Computer offers 1,000,000 Yen encryption challenge 
TOKYO, Sept. 25 /PRNewswire/ -- CASIO COMPUTER CO., LTD. announces development of the MDSR (Multi-Dimensional Space Rotation) encryption system for Internet and Intranet data.
MDSR is a new encryption system designed to meet the need for high-level digital data security, which has been generated with the growth of the Internet and Intranets.
The encryption system used by MDSR is based on Multi-Dimensional Space Rotation (MDSR) and Time-Dependent Multi-Dimensional Space Rotation (MDSR-TD). The main features of this encryption system are: the larger the space dimension the more difficult it is to break the code, no special hardware requirements for encryption or decryption, and the ability to narrowly regulate hierarchy and decryption privileges. The result is an encryption system that provides versatile private data management, confidential mail security, and security for data sent to multiple destinations. Since MDSR also enhances security for data on an Internet server, it is also suitable for use by system
administrators and Internet Service Providers.
The contest that is detailed on the CASIO Home Page starts from September 24, with a cash prize for the person who successfully breaks a message encoded with MDSR. CASIO plans to use MDSR in future CASIO data communication products.
Contest Details
Term:           September 26, 1998 to November 26, 1998 (JST)
Encrypted Text: Visit the CASIO Website for details.
                [WK Note: 1,000,000 Yen is worth $7344.84 U.S.D.]
I regret to say that we of the FBI are powerless to act in cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate commerce. -- J. Edgar Hoover

@_date: 1998-10-01 18:50:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Clear and present danger: FIGHT AGAINST NATIONAL ID CARD 
BARR TAKES FIGHT AGAINST NATIONAL ID CARD TO
                             HEARINGS, SPEARHEADS EFFORT WITH
                                     GRASSROOTS GROUPS
                    WASHINGTON, DC -- At a news conference before a hearing on
                    federal attempts to establish a national identification
system, U.S.
                    Representative Bob Barr (GA-7) released the following
statement.  The
                    hearings, which will be held later today by the
Government Reform and
                    Oversight Committee's Subcommittee on National Economic
                    Natural Resources, and Regulatory Affairs, will focus
on this issue.                     "One of the most precious liberties Americans possess
is the ability to live
                    their lives without a big-brother government, with vast
power, looking
                    over their shoulders at every opportunity.  Our federal
government is
                    already too powerful, too expensive, and too intrusive.
 We should be
                    working to reduce its size and cost, rather than
expanding it.                     "Our Founding Fathers intended to create a system with
division of
                    power between three branches of government and between
the state and
                    federal governments in order to protect our rights.
These moves to
                    centralize power in the executive branch of the federal
government by
                    establishing a national identification card system
represent an effort to
                    disrupt the balance of power that has served our nation
so well for so
                    long.  We must put a stop to these initiatives, begun
in 1996 when
                    legislation authorizing a national i.d. was snuck into
an omnibus spending
                    bill with no debate, public input, or vote,  before it
is too late to do so."                     "I thank all of the groups that have been involved in
this effort for their
                    continued support.  I also appreciate the willingness
of State
                    Representative George Grindley (R-Marietta) and others
to take time
                    away from their jobs and families to testify this
morning.                     These hearings are part of a continuing effort by Barr
and others to stop
                    several recent intrusive government proposals.  He has
                    legislation to stop federally-mandated standardization
of state drivers'
                    licenses, end a move to create a national health
identifier, and led the
                    effort to halt FBI moves for new wiretapping authority
and the ability to
                    track cellular phone users and lawful gun owners.                     Barr, a former United States Attorney, serves on the
House Judiciary
                    and Government Reform Committees.                                              --30--                                    BACK TO PRESS RELEASES
                                BACK TO MEDIA INFORMATION
                                     BACK TO MAIN PAGE
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-01 18:50:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [Part 1 & 2] THE IMPERIAL PRESIDENCY By David M. Bresnahan 
For those who may have missed this report; all others, please disregard.
Kepi <><
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-01 18:51:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Europe's Echelon eavesdropping exposed 
Source:  Wired
 Eavesdropping on Europe
 by Niall McKay  4:00 a.m.30.Sep.98.PDT
 If the European Parliament has its way, the lid is
 about to come off what is reputedly one of the
 most powerful, secretive, and extensive spy
 networks in history -- if, in fact, it really exists.  In October, Europe's governing body will
 commission a full report into the workings of
 Echelon, a global network of highly sensitive
 listening posts operated in part by America's
 most clandestine intelligence organization, the
 National Security Agency.  "Frankly, the only people who have any doubt
 about the existence of Echelon are in the United
 States," said Glyn Ford, a British member of the
 European Parliament and a director of Scientific
 and Technical Options Assessment, or STOA, a
 technology advisory committee to the
 parliament.  Echelon is reportedly able to intercept, record,
 and translate any electronic communication --
 telephone, data, cellular, fax, email, telex -- sent
 anywhere in the world. The parliamentary report
 will focus on concerns that the system has
 expanded and is now zeroed in on the secrets of
 European companies and elected officials.  The parliament is alarmed at reports of
 Echelon's impressive capabilities, and during a
 debate on 19 September, the European Union
 called for accountability. The parliament
 stressed that the NSA and the Government
 Communications Headquarters, which jointly
 operate Echelon, must adopt measures to guard
 against the system's abuse.  International cooperation on law enforcement is
 important, Ford said, but there are limits. "We
 want to establish a code of conduct for the
 systems to protect EU citizens and
 governments."  Across the Atlantic, Patrick Poole, deputy
 director for the Free Congress Foundation, a
 conservative Washington think tank, is preparing
 a report on Echelon to present to Republican
 members of Congress. "I believe it's time we
 start to bring this matter to our elected officials,"
 he said.  Poole and Ford have their work cut out for them:
 Neither Britain nor the United States will admit
 that Echelon even exists. The NSA declined any
 comment on a series of faxed questions for this
 story.  Keyword: Bomb  Over the years, enough information has leaked
 to suggest that the spy network is more than
 science fiction. Echelon came to the attention of
 the EU Parliament following a report
 commissioned by STOA last year.  "Unlike many of the electronic spy systems
 developed during the Cold War, Echelon is
 designed for primarily non-military targets:
 governments, organizations, and businesses in
 virtually every country," the report said.  According to the STOA report and stories in The
 New York Times, The Daily Telegraph, and The
 Guardian, Echelon consists of a network of
 listening posts, antenna fields, and radar
 stations. The system is backed by computers
 that use language translation, speech
 recognition, and keyword searching to
 automatically sift through telephone, email, fax,
 and telex traffic.  The system is principally operated by the NSA
 and the GCHQ, but reportedly also relies on
 cooperation with "signals intelligence"
 operations in other countries, including the
 Communications Security Establishment of
 Canada, Australia's Defense Signals Directorate,
 and New Zealand's Government
 Communications Security Bureau.  John Pike, a security analyst for the Federation
 of American Scientists, said each of the five
 government agencies takes responsibility for its
 own geographical region.  Each agency reportedly maintains a glossary of
 keywords. If Echelon intercepts a transmission
 containing a word or phrase contained in the
 glossary -- bomb, for example -- the full
 conversation, email, or fax is recorded and
 shared among the agencies.  "Echelon intercepts Internet traffic at the
 transport layer, such as the TCP/IP layer, so the
 system doesn't care too much what it is or
 where it came from," said Pike. "For analog
 traffic, such as telephone conversations, it uses
 automatic voice-recognition technology to scan
 the conversations."  Abuses of Power?  While the EU is aware that Echelon may be a
 useful tool for tracking down global terrorists,
 drug barons, and international criminals, Ford
 said the parliament is concerned that the
 system may also be used for espionage, spying
 on peaceful nations, or gaining unfair economic
 advantage over non-member nations.  Indeed, there are many reported instances of the
 British and US intelligence agencies working
 together to gather information in a questionable
 manner.  A 1993 BBC documentary about NSA's Menwith
 Hill facility in England revealed that peace
 protestors had broken into the installation and
 stolen part of this glossary, known as "the
 Dictionary." The documentary alleged that
 Menwith Hill -- a sprawling installation covering
 560 acres and employing more than 1,200
 people -- was Echelon's nerve center.  Further evidence emerged last year, when
 British Telecom told a court that it provides
 high-bandwidth telecommunications into the
 Menwith Hill facility and from the facility to the
 United States, using a transatlantic fiber-optic
 network.  "I believe that these five intelligence agencies
 are working from a single plan," said Pike.  British investigative journalist Duncan Campbell
 was the first to report about Echelon in a 1988
 article in The New Statesman. He believes that
 there is a very thin line between intelligence
 gathering and commercial espionage.  Pike, of the Federation of American Scientists,
 believes the intelligence agencies operate in a
 gray area of international law. For example,
 there is no law prohibiting the NSA from
 intercepting telecommunications and data traffic
 in the United Kingdom and no law prohibiting
 GCHQ from doing the same thing in the United
 States.  "The view by the NSA seems to be anything that
 can be intercepted is fair game," said Pike. "And
 it's very hard to find out what, if any, restraints
 can be employed." To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-03 18:38:50
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.9: Canada Frees Up Crypto--WIRED 
ISPI Clips 5.9: Canada Frees Up Crypto
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday October 2, 1998
This From: WIRED News, September 1, 1998
Canada Frees Up Crypto
Matt Friedman, mwf
In a move that will almost certainly create friction between the US and
Canada, the Canadian government has released a new cryptography policy that
encourages the proliferation of powerful data-scrambling technologies.
The policy, announced Thursday by John Manley, the minister of industry,
makes it clear that Canadians will not have to submit to mandatory key
recovery, which would give the government access to all scrambled
communications. The document also heads off the establishment of a national
public key infrastructure.
"In terms of domestic policy, it couldn't be better," says David Jones,
president of Electronic Frontier Canada. "Industry Canada is essentially
saying that, domestically, you can pretty much do whatever you want with
An American civil liberties advocate was similarly impressed.
"It is great. It's a policy for the 21st century, as opposed to the US
government's policy update from last week, which is too little, too late,"
said Susan Landau, a cryptography policy expert and the co-author of
Privacy on the Line: The Politics of Wiretapping and Encryption.
Canada's new policy is a setback to the country's "signals intelligence"
spy agencies. Industry Canada had been under considerable pressure from the
intelligence and law-enforcement communities, both at home and in the
United States, to establish domestic crypto controls.
"The US has sent a number of delegations to Canada, a number of times, to
try and convince [the Canadian government], to go with a restrictive view,"
said David Banisar, policy director of the Electronic Privacy Information
Center in Washington, DC.
"The Canadians clearly said they were not interested."
Last winter, when Ottawa published a public white paper on cryptography and
solicited comments from the public and other branches of government, the
Canadian Security Intelligence Service said that it was pushing for a
public key-recovery plan.
The CSIS is concerned both with domestic and foreign intelligence, sort of
a combination of the FBI and CIA.
"The ability to decrypt messages and data has a significant impact on our
ability to monitor security threats to Canadians," said CSIS spokeswoman
Marcia Wetherup at the time. Reached for comment Thursday morning, Wetherup
said, "That continues to be the service's main concern at this time."
While the Canadian government has rejected controls on domestic crypto, it
is taking a wait-and-see attitude on exports. In the US, cryptography
exports are strictly regulated, on the grounds that the technology might be
used to conceal the communications of terrorists or hostile nations.
"The Commerce Department is not going to be happy," Landau said. A Commerce
Department official declined comment.
Under the new policy, Ottawa will continue to work within the framework of
the Wassenaar agreement. That document, an international treaty limiting
the spread of munitions technologies, is currently being renegotiated.
Sunny Handa, a cyberlaw specialist with the Montreal law firm Martineau
Walker, points out that the new policy will not alter existing regulations
governing the export of Canadian crypto technology or the re-export of
technology originating in the United States.
"The real issue now is export," he says. "That hasn't changed."
The new policy does, however, make the point that the Canadian government
will "deter the use [of crypto] in the commission of a crime," and in the
concealment of evidence. Moreover, existing search-and-seizure laws will
apply to encrypted messages. But Handa says that Industry Canada is simply
"throwing a bone to the police."
"Our search-and-seizure laws are pretty good right now," he says.
"Citizens' rights are protected, and law enforcement officials can do their
jobs. If Industry Canada has signaled that it's happy with them, we
probably won't see new legislation in this area for years."
"One way to view the issue of cryptography is as an issue of crime
prevention, rather than crime detection," said Landau. "As we enter the
wired world, cryptography will become extremely important to crime
prevention, and the Canadians recognize that."
Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-03 18:38:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.10: 'Deadbeat' Parents Database Goes on Line 
ISPI Clips 5.10: 'Deadbeat' Parents Database Goes on Line
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday October 2, 1998
This From: CNN Interactive, September 30, 1998
National Registry to Track 'deadbeat' Parents Goes on Line:
The Federal Case Registry will track the 16 million U.S. parents who are
required to pay child support
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A new national registry aimed at helping keep track of
the 16 million U.S. parents required to pay child support goes on line
The Federal Case Registry is designed to help custodial parents who aren't
receiving child support track down the non-custodial parents who owe the
Once the "deadbeat" parent is located, even in another state, officials can
ask his or her employer to withhold child support from paychecks, which the
employer is obligated to do under federal law.
"This is an exciting day of hope for children whose parents have abandoned
them financially," said U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Secretary Donna Shalala in a statement.
HHS figures show that states now collect about 22 percent of the $50
billion in back child support owed each year. The new database is expected
to be particularly helpful in cases where the children live in a different
state than the deadbeat parent.
"Since one-third of all child support cases are interstate, we now can
confidently close the loopholes for parents escaping their financial
obligations," said Olivia Golden, an HHS assistant secretary.
Custodial parents can enter information about the deadbeat parent in the
registry. That information will then be checked against data in a separate
registry, the National Directory of New Hires, which includes records for
everyone who begins a new job.
Critics of the registry concept say that many custodial parents who try to
go after child support after a multi-year lapse won't have enough accurate
data to make a match.
Fathers' rights groups have also expressed concerns that the tracking
system could be used to invade the privacy of law-abiding parents. However,
Golden says the law that set up the registry prohibits unauthorized use of
the data.
Thirty-nine states will begin entering information into the registry
immediately. The remaining 11 states are expected to come on board during
Correspondent Jennifer Auther contributed to this report.
(c) 1998 Cable News Network, Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-03 18:38:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.11: Canada Weighs in on Crypto--CNET 
ISPI Clips 5.11: Canada Weighs in on Crypto--CNET
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday October 2, 1998
This From: CNET News.con, October 1, 1998
Canada Weighs in on Crypto
Janet Kornblum, janetk
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
In a move aimed at encouraging e-commerce, the Canadian government today
introduced a new policy with relatively loose restrictions on the export of
encryption software.
The new encryption policy, introduced today in a speech by John Manley,
Canada's minister of industry, may be more notable for what it lacks: a
mandatory requirement for controversial key recovery and powerful
restrictions on strong encryption products.
Encryption software is used to put a digital lock on private communication.
To read an encrypted document, the recipient has to have a "key."
The controversy over encryption has been a classic case of business and
privacy interests vs. government.
On one hand, businesses and privacy advocates want to be able to develop
and sell products that are airtight as possible. On the other,
governments--primarily the United States--want to be able to prevent
outsiders from being able to digitally lock out law enforcement officials
from their communication and thwarting efforts to prosecute wired
Though the White House has loosened its stance on the export of encryption
software, it still backs policies that make the practice difficult.
Canada's Manley, on the other hand, specifically said the country "will not
implement mandatory key recovery requirements or licensing regimes for
certification authorities or trusted third parties."
It does, however "encourage industry to establish responsible practices,
such as key recovery techniques for stored data and industry-led
accreditation of private sector certification authorities," he added.
The government also pledged to make it easier for Canadian firms to export
strong encryption products both by streamlining the export permit process
and by making sure Canada's regulations are not tighter than those of
competitors in other countries.
"The policy underscores that Canada is open for electronic business,"
Manley said. "We are encouraging the widespread use of strong encryption
and growth of export markets for Canadian technologies."
David Banisar, policy director for the Electronic Privacy Information
Center and an outspoken critic of the United States' tight export
restrictions, today applauded most of Canada's new policy.
"It definitely refutes the U.S.'s attempts to get Canada to restrict crypto
in many ways," Banisar said. "It allows Canadian companies to export
software pretty much of any size."
He added that Canada's policy could help influence more liberal European
rules on encryption exportation. "This won't force the U.S.'s hands, but
what it does is it further isolates the U.S.," he said.
However, Banisar did take exception to a proposal contained in the policy
statement today that says the government will introduce legislation that
specifically makes it "an offense to wrongfully disclose private encryption
key information and to use cryptography to commit or hide evidence of a
Making cryptography itself a special circumstance in the commission of a
crime is tantamount to adding special penalties for using "basic
instruments of communication" such as a telephone or a pen, Banisar said.
Unlike laws that single out the use of guns or other weapons specifically
designed to produce physical damage, "this is not a technology that creates
crimes," he said. "And because its intended use is going to be essentially
ubiquitous this could be an additional penalty that could apply to any kind
of crime."
Copyright (c) 1995-98 CNET, Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-03 19:13:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: CNS - Justice Department Seeks Expanded Power 
September 29, 1998
                         BARR EXPOSES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE POWER GRAB
                    WASHINGTON, DC -- U.S. Representative Bob Barr (GA-7)
                    released today information exposing an effort by the
                    Department of Justice to obtain massive new enforcement
                    powers in the closing days of the 105th Congress.
                    Barr obtained the information from a confidential
                    source within federal law enforcement. Among other
                    things, the Department's "wish list" for new authority
                    includes (among others):
                       + A vastly expanded definition of terrorism to
                         include domestic crimes having no relationship to
                         terrorism.
                       + The power to seize commercial transportation
                         assets for federal use.
                       + The ability to commander personnel from other
                         federal agencies without reimbursement.
                       + Expanded wiretap authority to allow "roving"
                         wiretaps, and wiretaps without any court
                         authority.
                       + Enlarged asset forfeiture provisions to allow the
                         FBI to seize personal property in both criminal
                         and civil matters.
                       + The establishment of a permanent "FBI Police
                         Force."
                       + Loosening of Posse Comitatus restrictions to allow
                         more military involvement in domestic law
                         enforcement.
                       + Authority to force telephone and Internet
                         companies to divulge information on their
                         customers.
                    "These requests belong in some bizarre conspiracy
                    novel, not in serious legislative documents being
                    circulated at the top levels of federal law
                    enforcement.  These proposals represent a sneak attack
                    on the most cherished principles of our democracy.  If
                    they become a part of our law, freedom and privacy in
                    America will be permanently and severely diminished,"
                    said Barr.
                    Barr also noted the Department and the FBI are
                    "shopping" this wish list in an effort to get the items
                    placed in a spending measure without hearings or
                    debate.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-03 18:38:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Wired News - The Golden Age of Hacktivism 
The Golden Age of Hacktivism
                     by Niall McKay                      4:00 a.m.  22.Sep.98.PDT
                     On the eve of Sweden's general election,
                     Internet saboteurs targeted the Web site
                     of that country's right-wing Moderates
                     political party, defacing pages and
                     establishing links to the homepages of the
                     left-wing party and a pornography site.                      But the Scandanavian crack Saturday
                     was not the work of bored juveniles
                     armed with a Unix account, a slice of
                     easily compiled code, and a few hours to
                     kill. It advanced a specific political
                     agenda.                      "The future of activism is on the
                     Internet," said Stanton McCandlish,
                     program director of the Electronic Frontier
                     Foundation. "More and more, what is
                     considered an offline issue, such as
                     protesting the treatment of the
                     Zapatistas in Mexico, is being protested
                     on the Net."                      In the computer-security community, it's
                     called "hacktivism," a kind of electronic
                     civil disobedience in which activists take
                     direct action by breaking into or
                     protesting with government or corporate
                     computer systems. It's a kind of low-level
                     information warfare, and it's on the rise.                      Last week, for example, a group of
                     hackers called X-pilot rewrote the home
                     page of a Mexican government site to
                     protest what they said were instances of
                     government corruption and censorship.
                     The group, which did not reply to several
                     emails, made the claims to the Hacker
                     News Network. The hacktivists were
                     bringing an offline issue into the online
                     world, McClandish said.                      The phenomenon is becoming common
                     enough that next month, the longtime
                     computer-security group, the Cult of the
                     Dead Cow will launch the resource site
                     hacktivism.org. The site will host online
                     workshops, demonstrations, and software
                     tools for digital activists.                      "We want to provide resources to
                     empower people who want to take part in
                     activism on the Internet," said Oxblood
                     Ruffian, a former United Nations
                     consultant who belongs to the Cult of the
                     Dead Cow.                      Oxblood Ruffian's group is no newcomer
                     to hacktivism. They have been working
                     with the Hong Kong Blondes, a
                     near-mythical group of Chinese dissidents
                     that have been infiltrating police and
                     security networks in China in an effort to
                     forewarn political targets of imminent
                     arrests.                      In a recent Wired News article, a member
                     of the group said it would target the
                     networks and Web sites of US companies
                     doing business with China.                      Other recent hacktivist actions include a
                     wave of attacks in August that drew
                     attention to alleged human rights abuses
                     in Indonesia. In June, attacks on
                     computer systems in India's atomic
                     energy research lab protested that
                     country's nuclear bomb tests.                      More recently, on Mexican Independence
                     Day, a US-based group called Electronic
                     Disturbance Theater targeted the Web
                     site of Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo.
                     The action was intended to protest
                     Zedillo's alleged mistreatment of the
                     Zapatista rebels in Chiapas. Nearly 8,000
                     people participated in the digital sit-in,
                     which attempted to overwhelm the
                     Mexican president's Web servers.                      "What we are trying to do is to find a
                     place where the public can register their
                     dissatisfaction in cyberspace, so that
                     your everyday [mouse] clicker can
                     participate in a public protest," said EDT
                     co-founder Ricardo.                      The apparent increase in hacktivism may
                     be due in part to the growing importance
                     of the Internet as a means of
                     communication. As more people go online,
                     Web sites become high-profile targets.                      It also demonstrates that many
                     government sites are fairly easy to crack,
                     said one former member of Milw0rm, the
                     now defunct group that defaced the
                     Indian research lab's Web site. In an
                     interview in Internet Relay Chat, the
                     cracker rattled off a list of vulnerable US
                     government Web sites -- including one
                     hosting an electron particle accelerator
                     and another of a US politician -- and their
                     susceptibility to bugs.                      "They don't pay enough for computer
                     people," said the cracker, who goes by
                     the name t3k-9. "You get $50,000 for a
                     $150,000 job."                      Some security experts also believe that
                     there is a new generation of crackers
                     emerging. "The rise in political cracking in
                     the past couple of years is because we
                     now have the first generation of kids that
                     have grown up with the Net," John
                     Vranesevich, founder of the computer
                     security Web site AntiOnline. "The first
                     generation of the kids that grew up
                     hacking are now between 25 and 35 --
                     often the most politically active years in
                     peoples' lives."                      "When the Cult of the Dead Cow was
                     started in 1984, the average age [of our
                     members] was 14, and they spent their
                     time hacking soda machines," said
                     Oxblood Ruffian. "But the last couple of
                     years has marked a turning point for us.
                     Our members are older, politicized, and
                     extremely technically proficient."                      While hacktivists are lining up along one
                     border, police and law enforcement
                     officials are lining up along another.                      This year the FBI will establish a cyber
                     warfare center called the National
                     Infrastructure Protection Center. The
                     US$64 million organization will replace the
                     Computer Investigations and
                     Infrastructure Threat Assessment Center
                     and involve the intelligence community
                     and the military.                      Allan Paller, director of research for the
                     SANS Institute, said the FBI is staffing
                     the new facility with the government's
                     top security experts. "They are stealing
                     people from good places, including a
                     woman from the Department of Energy
                     who was particularly good," he said in a
                     recent interview. "They are taking brilliant
                     people."                      Paller also said that a grassroots effort is
                     under way in Washington to establish a
                     National Intrusion Center, modeled after
                     the Centers for Disease Control.                      "There is definitely an increased threat of
                     cyber terrorism," said Stephen Berry,
                     spokesman for the FBI press office in
                     Washington.                      As offline protests -- which are protected
                     in the United States by the constitution
                     -- enter the next digital age, the
                     question remains: How will the FBI draw
                     the distinction between relatively benign
                     online political protests and cyber
                     terrorism? To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-03 18:38:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.12: New Fingerprint Chip - Protection vs. Privacy 
ISPI Clips 5.12: New Fingerprint Chip - Protection vs. Privacy
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Saturday October 3, 1998
This From: The New York Times, September 28, 1998
PERSONAL COMPUTING:
Tiny New Chip Could Pit Protection of Property Against Right of Privacy
ROB FIXMER, rob
Tom Rowley seems uncomfortable in the role of braggart. A sheepish look
comes over his face when he tells you, "We're going to change the way
people live."
But Rowley's assertion is not to be taken lightly. For one thing, he said
those words once before, in the early 1980's, when the innovation he was
introducing was a concept he called voice mail. For better or worse, he did
change the way we live.
The product that inspires his boast today is a humble-looking chip, about
the size of a postage stamp and no thicker than a nickel. When attached to
a computer, it reads fingerprints with a precision that meets the Federal
Bureau of Investigation's standards for personal identification.
Beginning early next year, consumers will see the fingerprint chip
introduced in notebook computers, then in desktop devices. Every major
manufacturer of computer hardware in the United States is believed to be in
some stage of testing or developing products using the chip. Eventually, it
is all but certain to be embedded in door and car locks, bank cards,
cellular telephones, driver's licenses and the sundry other mundane objects
that identify us as consumers and citizens and give us access to places and
Rowley is the chief executive of Veridicom [  ], a
tiny start-up company in Santa Clara, Calif. He is backed by venture
capital from, among others, the Intel Corporation, which recognizes the
chip's potential to open vast markets in consumer electronics, and Lucent
Technologies, which owns the patents accrued by Bell Laboratories, where
the chip was invented in the early and mid-1980's.
Although the product, known as OpenTouch, is cutting-edge technology, it is
low-tech by silicon standards, making it inexpensive to manufacture in
large numbers. The Korean and Taiwanese companies under contract to produce
it see Veridicom's chip as a way to milk a few more years from old
fabrication plants that have already been fully depreciated and might
otherwise be closed as obsolete.
All of which means that the fingerprint chip, is going to be very
inexpensive -- probably less than $10 per chip within 18 months of its
introduction, and eventually even less, industry experts said. A low price
means that it is almost certain to become far more widely used than voice
mail, whether as OpenTouch, which Veridicom will introduce in November at
the Comdex trade show, or as another company's competing product.
Far less certain is the social and political impact of the fingerprint
chip. It certainly can greatly enhance personal security. But depending on
how it is used, it could have a profound impact on privacy, for better or
The paranoid will no doubt see in this chip a conspiracy by the Government
or another Orwellian nightmare.
The real threat, though, is not from Big Brother but from a legion of what
a colleague refers to as "little brothers," business interests like
magazine publishers, banks and indemnity companies that want to track our
every move, profile our every passion, anticipate our every need either to
persuade us to part with our money or to assess us as risks for credit or
Credible identification cuts two ways when it comes to security and
privacy. The same fingerprint reader that gives us secure access to our
home or car can be used to trace our movements through office buildings,
stores, schools and airports.
That can be good or bad depending on the circumstances and what we are up
to. I may not want anyone to know that I am in Room 1705 of the Acme
Professional Building visiting my lawyer or psychiatrist or heart
specialist or interviewing for a job -- unless the person tracking me is a
fire marshal clearing a burning building.
But if I lose my notebook computer on a flight to Seattle, I want to know
that no one will be able to rifle through my files, because the
manufacturer has frozen the code that reads the fingerprint chip so deeply
in my computer's electronics that no amount of tampering will allow another
person to boot it or to unscramble the data on my hard drive.
On the other hand, without safeguards, the same fingerprint-identified
passport that will be useless to a thief will allow governments around the
world to track my every move.
Perhaps the most ambiguous line between privacy threats and security will
be the use of Veridicom's technology on the Internet. In many ways, it will
be the ultimate "cookie," those files that Web sites place on our hard
drives to identify us, or at least our computers, when we point our
browsers in their direction.
In some ways, this is beneficial. If the fingerprint reader on my computer
serves as a certificate of identification when I buy something on line, the
seller does not know my credit card number or whether I am paying with
credit or cash. The seller may not even know my identity. Veridicom's chip
assures the seller that I am who I claim to be without revealing who I am.
Likewise, when used as an encryption key, the chip will guarantee that no
one can unscramble and read my e-mail or other documents.
But there is a darker side.
Companies are already using cookies to create personal profiles of Internet
users by aggregating every piece of information we surrender on Web sites.
The very kinds of sites we visit reveal a great deal about us to those who
want our money, and when we buy products or enter contests or register to
use a site, we reveal not only who we are but a great deal about how we
At the same time, a study released this summer by the Federal Trade
Commission revealed that most businesses on the Web did not tell visitors
how the information they surrendered would be used. In a few cases, the
study found that companies sold information that they had promised users
would be kept confidential. The Clinton Administration insists that for
now, the infant electronic-commerce industries be allowed to police
themselves in matters of privacy.
That is frightening enough when our cookies give up information dropped on
our treks through cyberspace. When everything we do on line can be tied to
our credit and bank cards, driver's licenses and passports, the extra
security we have gained might well be outweighed by the privacy we have
Not surprisingly, Tom Rowley spends most of his time these days trumpeting
the potential benefits of his chip, but he does not deny its potential for
mischief. After all, he admits, at times even voice mail "is a real pain."
The social stakes this time around are a lot higher.
PERSONAL COMPUTING is published weekly, on Tuesdays.
Rob Fixmer at rob welcomes your comments and suggestions.
Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-03 18:39:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.13: Identity Theft is Huge & Growing 
ISPI Clips 5.13: Identity Theft is Huge & Growing
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Saturday October 3, 1998
This From: American Bar Association's, ABA Journal, October 1998
IDENTITY THIEVES
        Stealing someone's identity to buy everything from cars to toys
        and leaving the real person's credit rating in ruins may be the
        perfect crime because there is little that can be done to prosecute
        it. Until now.
MICHAEL HIGGINS, higginsm
Sometime in the early 1990s, a con man named Scott Clinton Gilbert visited
a resum and printing shop in Las Vegas. His bill came to $185.30, and he
paid in his usual fashion: He lied.
Gilbert charged his purchase under the name "Robert Hartle." If anyone had
questioned Gilbert's true identity, the scam artist was more than ready. He
had obtained a "Robert Hartle" driver's license, Social Security card--even
a birth certificate.
Gilbert probably didn't think much of that small transaction. Before his
fraud spree was done, he would stick the real Robert Hartle with debts of
more than $110,000, including bills for three pickup trucks, two
motorcycles and a double-wide mobile home.
Gilbert, who later pleaded guilty to related charges, was one of thousands
of criminals who quietly discovered what in an increasingly cashless
society had become almost the perfect crime: identity theft. By posing as
someone else, thieves found, they could steal in a way that left victims
powerless and police uninterested.
"It was a very easy crime," says Ed Mierswinsky, a consumer advocate at
U.S. Public Interest Research Group in Washington, D.C. "Forget
restitution. Consumers couldn't even obtain peace of mind" from seeing the
criminals punished.
Today, identity theft is still a vibrant and growing criminal enterprise,
but its cover has been blown. Federal officials are holding summits and
seminars to alert law enforcement officers to the crime. State legislators
are pushing for tougher criminal penalties.
And this fall, Congress is likely to vote on a bill that would make
identity theft a federal felony, punishable by up to 15 years in prison.
Another bill would give consumers more control over who has access to
personal information, such as Social Security numbers.
A '90s Kind of Crime:
It's hard to say how widespread identity theft is because there is no
standard definition of the crime. But sometime around 1994, the number of
complaints to government, business and consumer groups began to explode.
Last year, identity theft cost consumers and financial institutions some
$745 million, according to the U.S. Secret Service, which has jurisdiction
over many financial crimes. In 1992, about 35,000 people called the credit
reporting agency Trans Union with questions or complaints about identity
theft, the company reports. Last year, calls numbered more than 523,000.
It is the victims themselves who've dragged the crime into the spotlight,
demanding that lawmakers take action.
Among them: an Arizona factory worker who helped initiate the new federal
felony bill. He's a man who first learned about identity theft in 1994,
when a collection agency called to ask why he hadn't paid his printing
bill. He's Robert Hartle.
Hartle, 46, was living with his wife, JoAnn, in Spirit Lake, Iowa, and
working as an inspector at a foundry when he was thrust into identity-theft
hell. The Hartles had been living frugally, with few bills, and made almost
all their purchases in cash.
But when Hartle got the strange call about the Las Vegas printing bill, he
ordered a copy of his credit report. It told a different story, Hartle
says. To the credit reporting agency and anyone who used its information,
Hartle was a free-spending deadbeat.
Luckier than most, Hartle had a lead on the culprit. He knew of a man going
by the name of Carl Lee Lunden who had befriended his mother in Phoenix. In
fact, "Lunden"--later found to be Gilbert--had persuaded the elderly woman,
some 30 years his senior, to marry him, giving him access to Hartle family
information. He had also made what Hartle had assumed was a joke about
working under Hartle's name.
Hartle traveled to Phoenix to present his case to police. That's where he
learned something he found hard to believe. Even if he was right about
"Lunden," the police didn't consider Hartle to be the victim of a crime.
The law enforcement logic was this: Hartle wasn't legally obligated to pay
any of the bills the impostor had run up. Therefore, Hartle wasn't out any
money. If anyone was a victim, it was the bank that issued the credit card.
Never mind that Gilbert had ruined Hartle's credit. Or that the creditors
wouldn't erase the debts without a showing of fraud. Hartle found the
police wouldn't even allow him to file a police report.
"I offered to give [the detective] the evidence, and he refused to take
it," Hartle recalls. "I told him that I was not a lawyer or a police
officer, but I knew that crimes had been committed."
By mid-1994, Hartle was in desperate shape. Gilbert had left Hartle's
mother and fled Arizona, but hadn't stopped using his name. Hartle was
spending $400 a month on phone calls, trying to get creditors off his back
and law enforcement onto Gilbert.
"Our credit was ruined. We couldn't move ahead with our lives. Everything
was on hold," he says. "We couldn't continue to live like this."
In Hartle's case, the con man he was chasing was crafty. Gilbert had moved
to Phoenix from Florida, where he had a criminal record. But identity
thieves don't need to be so devious. All that wouldbe thieves require is a
credit card application and some basic personal information about their
The key piece of information--the victim's Social Security number--is
surprisingly easy to get. It's widely available on credit reports. And it's
often the account number on documents that thieves can steal from their
victims' mail or dig out from their garbage.
Lawyers Can Be Victims, Too:
Mari Frank, a lawyer in Laguna Niguel, Calif., found out firsthand how
easily a scam artist can steal someone's name.
In August 1996, Frank got a call from a bank in Delaware, asking why she
hadn't paid an $11,000 balance on a Toys "R" Us credit card. When Frank
asked where the bank had been sending the billing statements, she got an
address in Ventura, Calif., about 80 miles north of her.
It was Frank's first clue that an identity thief had run up bills of about
$50,000 in her name. "She had gotten a red convertible Mustang that she was
driving around --with my credit," says Frank, now an advocate for tougher
identity theft laws. "She got a driver's license with my name."
The thief in Frank's case was anything but sophisticated. She got Frank's
credit report by saying she was a private investigator. To get the Toys "R"
Us card, Frank says, the woman had simply crossed out her own name on the
application and written in "Mari Frank."
Another victim-turned-advocate is Jessica Grant, who also was shocked to
find out how unprotected she was. Grant, a pension manager in Sun Prairie,
Wis., had always used credit sparingly. But when she and her husband tried
to refinance their home in December 1997, they found that an impostor had
run up about $60,000 worth of debt in Grant's name.
The thief, who lived in Texas, had opened 19 separate accounts. In some
cases, the impostor got credit in Grant's name despite submitting
applications with a residence and employer that didn't match Grant's.
"That's the part of it that just infuriates me," Grant says. "There was
just so much information that could have been--and should have
been--questioned. But it never was."
Dilemma of Enforcement:
Like Hartle, both Frank and Grant found that local police did not consider
them to be victims of crime. Both took their cases to federal law
enforcement--the fbi and U.S. Secret Service--where they found good news
and bad.
Federal law does prohibit the fraudulent misuse of identification, bank
cards and Social Security numbers. 18 U.S.C. 1028, 10 U.S.C. 1028, 42
U.S.C. 408.
But, Frank and Grant both say, federal investigators told them they deal
only with multistate fraud rings and cases worth upward of $200,000. Their
cases didn't qualify.
For the feds, it's a predicament, says James Bauer, a deputy assistant
director in the Secret Service and a proponent of tougher identity theft
laws. For example, Bauer's office is shutting down a fraud ring in which
the thieves used stolen identities to buy cars, then cleverly leveraged
their bounty. The thieves would take the car out of state, sell it, use the
money to make a down payment on a house, then take out second mortgages on
the house.
"Multiply that times the 36 cars that we know about so far, and it amounts
to literally millions of dollars," Bauer says.
But while the feds have struggled to crack those sorts of operations,
relatively small fish like Scott Gilbert have wriggled free.
In theory, the banks that issue the credit cards--the real victims, in the
eyes of local police--could push harder for prosecution.
But according to U.S. Sen. Jon Kyle, R-Ariz., sponsor of the new federal
identity theft bill, banks often have insurance to cover their losses. And
they know their chances of getting any restitution may be slim.
Even if police do investigate, identity theft cases can be expensive to
prosecute, says Donald Grant, a Ventura County, Calif., deputy district
attorney whose office handled Frank's case.
Prosecutors have a strong incentive to work a plea deal because trying the
case means paying to bring in bank employees as witnesses, as well as bank
records from across the country, he says.
They also know judges aren't likely to give jail time to nonviolent
criminals, especially if the dollar amount is relatively small or the
defendant is a first-time offender.
"To prosecute these cases is a godawful pain in the neck," Grant says. If
there's a trial, "We generate a lot of expense to taxpayers, and it's not a
prison case. It's sort of a no-win situation for the victims," he concedes.
And it's identity theft victims who are left trying to explain all this to
creditors and collection agencies, who often suspect the victim of being
the impostor. "I was getting outright, flat-out abusive treatment," says
victim Grant. "I was in a position where I had to prove who I was, when
they never bothered to ask [the thief] to prove who she was."
By the time Hartle and his wife had moved to Phoenix to plead their case
with law enforcement officials, Gilbert had fled. In November 1994, state
police in New Hampshire picked him up on charges of trying to get a fake
driver's license, Hartle says. Out on bail, Gilbert called Hartle and tried
to get him to stop his pursuit. When Hartle refused, Gilbert taunted him.
"He told me ... he wasn't going to quit using my identity until he felt
like stopping," Hartle recalls. When Hartle threatened to track down
Gilbert himself, "He laughed at me, said, 'Go ahead and try it because
nobody's going to convict me.' "
At the time, Hartle recalls, "It was beginning to look like he was right."
But in early 1995, Hartle finally got a break. He had contacted U.S. Sen.
Thomas Harkin, D-Iowa, and asked him to press federal prosecutors to help.
In February 1995, they indicted Gilbert for buying guns under a false name
and misusing a credit card. Gilbert pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 17
months in prison.
But Hartle decided that wasn't enough. He turned to a state representative
in Arizona, who pushed state prosecutors to reconsider Hartle's complaints.
In October 1995, Gilbert pleaded guilty to perjury in state court and was
sentenced to four years in prison.
In total, Gilbert served a little more than three years. Not bad, Hartle
says, "when you consider that when I started this, no one was interested."
Hard to Pin Down:
Despite what their victims go through, it's unusual for an identity thief
to get a sentence as severe as Gilbert's.
Take Mari Frank's case. She was fortunate to find a police supervisor in
Ventura, himself a victim of identity theft, who ordered an investigation.
Police arrested her identity thief in October 1996, Frank says.
But the woman missed her sentencing hearing that December and remained free
until police picked her up on other charges in January 1997.
"She finally did a two-month work furlough program ... staying at a halfway
house," Frank says. The thief drove to the program in the red Mustang she
had bought with Frank's credit.
"Violent crime does take precedence," Frank says. "I understand that. But
the criminals know this is not really taken seriously. There [have] to be
some identity thieves going to jail and doing some real time."
Jessica Grant says she grew frustrated trying to get the Texas state police
to take action. She eventually got help from the Houston police and an
investigator with the Social Security Administration. As of July, the
investigator had confronted a suspect and was preparing to file charges,
Grant says.
But identity theft itself isn't a crime in Texas. "The law that they're
charging her with is the misuse of a Social Security number," Grant says.
"She will probably not get jail time."
All three victims paid a stiff price to clean up their credit records.
Hartle estimates that he spent about $15,000 out of his own pocket during
the ordeal. Grant says she has logged 158 hours, so far, trying to
straighten out creditors. Frank, the lawyer, says she cleaned her credit
record in eight months. But it took 90 letters, 500 hours and more than
$10,000 in out-of-pocket expenses, she says.
Beyond Bad Credit:
For some victims, it gets even worse. Impostors have been known to commit
crimes, then give their fake identity to police when they're arrested.
"We're hearing more and more cases these days where the identity theft
victim is saddled with a criminal record," says Beth Givens, project
director at the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, a San Diego-based group that
aids identity theft victims. "That's what I call the worst-case scenario."
Some victims may never learn of all the damage that was done, notes Jodie
Bernstein, director of the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal
Trade Commission.
"If your credit history is destroyed, you may not even know if it went to
some potential employer and you didn't get a job," she says. "The victims
we talk to eventually get it sorted out, but at great cost."
Bauer of the Secret Service relates another story: "I know a [thief] out
West who actually died using the victim's name," he says. The victim "had
to get a death certificate undone."
Hartle, Frank and Grant have pushed for reforms that are starting to change
how the nation deals with identity theft.
In Arizona, Hartle contacted his state legislator about making identity
theft a serious crime that local police couldn't ignore. In July 1996, the
state made it a felony--the first law of its kind in the nation.
In California, Frank joined victims testifying last year on behalf of a
bill that made identity theft a misdemeanor. As of July, she had testified
eight more times in support of other identity theft measures, including one
bill that would make it a felony in some circumstances.
Frank, who works primarily as a mediator, also has written a book, From
Victim to Victor: A Step-By-Step Guide for Ending the Nightmare of Identity
Theft. And she has assembled a self-help kit and created a Web site,
 , to assist victims.
Frank says that because identity theft is so new, some lawyers misadvise
clients. She has heard of lawyers counseling victims to change their Social
Security number or declare bankruptcy, two strategies she says are
counterproductive because they ultimately burden the victim with even more
legal difficulties.
Grant, lobbying in Wisconsin, got the quickest legislative action. In
February, two months after she discovered she was a victim, Grant was the
subject of a front-page article in the Wisconsin State Journal.
State Rep. Marlin Schneider, an outspoken privacy hawk, introduced a bill
in her name making identity theft a felony there. Grant visited the
Wisconsin Capitol and talked to legislators, including one trip in March
with a local TV-news camera crew in tow.
The bill passed in April. When Gov. Tommy Thompson signed it into law,
Grant got to keep the pen.
And Hartle--four years after his first, confusing phone call about a
$185.30 printing bill--hopes that this fall he will become one of the few
victim-advocates to push through the same law at both the state and federal
With prodding from Hartle, Kyle, a member of the Senate Judiciary
Committee, introduced the Identity Theft and Assumption Deterrence Act last
year. The act makes identity theft that crosses state lines a federal
felony, punishable by up to 15 years in prison. It also allows restitution
to victims.
The larger war over who has control over personal information is one that
will be fought well into the next century.
Many issues are just now being identified. The financial and credit
industries certainly have their share of political muscle. But don't count
out those mistreated by the system--the Hartles, Franks and Grants.
"They have lived through the Orwellian nightmare," consumer advocate
Mierswinsky says. "The victims of identity theft are a force to be reckoned
VICTIMS WORK TO KEEP PERSONAL DATA PRIVATE
Although they've been the driving force behind identity theft laws in
several states, the victims of this scam say what they've accomplished
isn't nearly enough. Along with consumer groups, they're pushing for
tougher restrictions on how businesses use personal information.
High on their wish list: a bill introduced by U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein,
D-Calif., that would force businesses to get a person's consent before
selling Social Security numbers and other personal data commonly found on
credit reports.
Consumer advocates blame banks and credit card companies for issuing
preapproved credit applications and then not screening carefully enough for
impostor applicants. They say merchants add to the problem by hawking
"instant credit" cards at the checkout counter.
"The lack of verification at that level is astounding," says Ed
Mierswinsky, a consumer advocate at U.S. Public Interest Research Group in
Washington, D.C.
The credit reporting industry says it, too, is concerned about identity
theft. Staffing has been increased on fraud hotlines, and sophisticated
software is being put to use to detect spending patterns that may indicate
Visa suffered $470 million in fraud losses in the United States last year,
but only 4 percent was due to identity theft, says Dennis Brosan, Visa's
vice president of fraud control in McLean, Va. That's down 12 percent from
just a few years ago.
But the credit reporting industry opposes restrictions on selling personal
information. Officials say the information actually helps prevent identity
theft because it makes it easier for banks and merchants to confirm whether
people applying for credit are who they say they are. The data also
accounts for tens of millions of dollars in annual sales for credit
reporting agencies, the U.S. General Accounting Office reported in March.
For lenders, there's a tension between serving customers who want tight
security and those who bristle at being asked for three pieces of
identification for every transaction.
"All we can do is hope that the companies that have this ability to
minimize the threat are doing everything they can," says Robert McKew,
general counsel for American Financial Services Association, a trade group
in Washington, D.C., whose members include many lenders. "I believe that
they are."
U.S. Sen. Jon Kyle, R-Ariz., sponsor of a new federal identity theft bill,
says he is reluctant to blame lenders.
"They're dealing with a lot of deadbeats, frankly, and everybody has a
story," Kyle says. "It's very, very hard in today's world. In order to get
credit you've got to give information. And once that information is in the
commercial stream, it's very difficult to protect it."
Michael Higgins, a lawyer, is a reporter for the aba Journal. His e-mail
address is higginsm
Copyright American Bar Association.
American Bar Association 750 N. Lake Shore Dr., Chicago, IL 60611
312/988-5000 info
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-03 18:38:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Got a Cause and a Computer? You Can Fight City Hall 
Source:  New York Times
October 3, 1998
Got a Cause and a Computer? You Can Fight City Hall
By RICK LYMAN
AUSTIN, Texas -- Bill Clinton seems to have generated the most
petitions, calling for him to be impeached, to resign, to be left
alone. Thirteen people have signed one demanding a ban on tigers and
other exotic cats as pets. Eight favor the establishment of areas in national
parks for nudists. But a petition demanding statehood for New York City
attracted not a single signatory, not one, not even Donald Trump. In that dark epoch between the discovery of fire and the discovery of the
World Wide Web, the Bolsheviks had to storm the Winter Palace to get
their point across. Now it can all be done with the gentle click of a mouse button. "I got the idea when I was sitting at home in Austin watching a city
council debate on cable television," Alex Sheshunoff, 24, said. "The issue
they were discussing was very important, but the debate was really
boring, enough to induce narcolepsy. I started wondering: How can you
get citizens involved in the democratic process when they don't have time
to spend three hours at a city council meeting waiting to make a
three-minute statement?" His answer: E-The People, which describes itself as "America's
Interactive Town Hall" and resides in cyberspace at
 Those who find their way to the Web site, either directly or through one
of the newspapers or nonprofit agencies that are Sheshunoff's partners,
are given the chance to sign a petition already posted on the site, create a
new petition or write a letter to government officials about whatever is
stuck in their craw. "There have been a lot of people talking recently about the intersection of
democracy and the Internet," Sheshunoff said, "but not a lot of people
sitting down and writing the code. That's where we come in." E-The People has been open since August but is still trying to "stomp out
the last of the bugs," Sheshunoff said, and should be fully operational in a
month or so. The Web site, which also bills itself as "an Alex Sheshunoff Initiative," is
designed to connect citizens with their government officials, local or
national, and to turn a profit for Sheshunoff and his investors. For example, a Houston resident interested in protesting about the
environment is led through a process of identifying whom he should
contact (a click calls up a list that includes the governor, lieutenant
governor, city council representative, 26 state representatives, eight state
senators and 20 agency officials with specific responsibility for the
environment). Then the resident can compose a message that is automatically sent as
e-mail to whichever officials are selected, or as a fax, if the recipient has
no e-mail address. It is all free for the petitioners and letter writers.
Advertisers and media partners pay the freight. Messages can also be sent to the White House or to Congress,
Sheshunoff said, but the central intent is to address local issues. "The president already received a half-million e-mails a month, but for a
city council member to receive 10 letters on a single subject can have a
real impact," he said. "This is really about local people solving local
problems." The letters are treated as private mail, Sheshunoff said. E-The People
takes no note of their content and promises it will sell none of the
demographic data that might be collected in the process. Sheshunoff's initiative operates from an office on the 19th floor of a tower
in downtown Austin, part of a suite of offices that are home to Alex
Sheshunoff Management Services, the company run by his father, a
well-known banking consultant. The younger Sheshunoff prowled his small room recently, a thatch of
sandy hair brushing his forehead, occasionally grabbing for a purring
cellular telephone while a team of young programmers hunched over
keyboards frantically tapping in data. An American flag dominated one
wall while a map of the United States filled another, showing the route of
an 80-city transcontinental bus tour that Sheshunoff has been running to
spread the word. The bus, decorated to resemble a mailbox, left Austin on Aug. 1 and has
made its way across the Southwest, up the Pacific Coast and across the
prairies into the Midwest, New England and New York. It is heading
south on its return to Texas. So far, 45 newspapers have agreed to go into partnership with E-The
People, meaning they will feature a link to the site on their own Web
pages and share with E-The People any advertising revenues generated
by surfers traversing that link. Among those signed up are The San
Antonio Express-News, The Oregonian in Portland and The Daily News
in New York. Sheshunoff is hoping for 100 media partners. Sheshunoff once considered a career in network television. While a
student at Yale, he did some work for ABC News, as a production
assistant and then reading his own short, personal essays in the wee
hours. Then he read somewhere that the audience for network television
news had dropped 30 percent since 1990. Sheshunoff said he spent his senior year "thinking about where news was
going." This led him, as it has hundreds of others in his generation, to the
Internet. His first effort was an online magazine developed as a way of allowing
readers to pinpoint the restaurants and other venues nearest their homes.
"We sold some of that underlying technology to newspapers and others,
for their Web pages," he said. A similar process is used in E-The People, he said, but it is more
sophisticated. "It's not as easy as it sounds," he said, "to take somebody's address and
tell them who their elected officials are."  Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:38:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: money parable 
I Want The Earth Plus 5%
Fabian was excited as he once more rehearsed his speech for the crowd
certain to turn up tomorrow. He had always wanted prestige and power and
now his dreams were going to come true. He was a craftsman working with
silver and gold, making jewelry and ornaments, but he became
dissatisfied with working for a living. He needed excitement, a
challenge, and now his plan was ready to begin.
For generations the people used the barter system. A man supported his
own family by providing all their needs or else he specialised in a
particular trade. Whatever surpluses he might have from his own
production, he exchanged or swapped for the surplus of others.
Market day was always noise and dusty, yet people looked forward to the
shouting and waving, and especially the companionship. It used to be a
happy place, but now there were too many people, too much arguing. There
was no time for chatting - a better system was needed.
Generally, the people had been happy, and enjoyed the fruits of their
In each community a simple Government had been formed to make sure that
each person's freedoms and rights were protected and that no man was
forced to do anything against his will by any other man, or any group of
This was the Government's one and only purpose and each Governor was
voluntarily supported by the local community who elected him.
However, market day was the one problem they could not solve. Was a
knife worth one or two baskets of corn? Was a cow worth more than a
wagon  and so on. No one could think of a better system.
Fabian had advertised, "I have the solution to our bartering problems,
and I invite everyone to a public meeting tomorrow."
The next day there was a great assembly in the town square and Fabian
explained all about the new system which he called "money". It sounded
good. "How are we to start?" the people asked.
"The gold which I fashion into ornaments and jewelry is an excellent
metal. It does not tarnish or rust, and will last a long time. I will
make some gold into coins and we shall call each coin a dollar." He
explained how values would work, and that "money" would be really a
medium for exchange - a much better system than bartering.
One of the Governors questioned, "Some people can dig gold and make
coins for themselves", he said.
"This would be most unfair", Fabian was ready with the answer. "Only
those coins approved by the Government can be used, and these will have
special marking stamped on them." This seemed reasonable and it was
proposed that each man be given an equal number. "But I deserve the
most," said the candle-maker. "Everyone uses my candles." "No", said the
farmer, "without food there is no life, surely we should get the most."
And so the bickering continued.
Fabian let them argue for a while and finally he said, "Since none of
you can agree, I suggest you obtain the number you require from me.
There will be no limit, except for your ability to repay. The more you
obtain, the more you must repay in one year's time. "And what will you
receive?" the people asked.
"Since I am providing a service, that is, the money supply, I am
entitled to payment for my work. Let us say that for every 100 pieces
you obtain, you repay me 105 for every year that you owe the debt. The 5
will be my charge, and I shall call this charge interest."
There seemed to be no other way, and besides, 5% seemed little enough
charge. "Come back next Friday and we will begin."
Fabian wasted no time. He made coins day and night, and at the end of
the week he was ready. The people were queued up at his shop, and after
the coins were inspected and approved by the Governors the system
commenced. Some borrowed only a few and they went off to try the new
They found money to be marvelous, and they soon valued everything in
gold coins or dollars. The value they placed on everything was called a
"price", and the price mainly depended on the amount of work required to
produce it. If it took a lot of work the price was high, but if it was
produced with little effort it was quite inexpensive.
In one town lived Alan, who was the only watchmaker. His prices were
high because the customers were willing to pay just to own one of his
Then another man began making watches and offered them at a lower price
in order to get sales. Alan was forced to lower his prices, and in no
time at all prices came down, so that both men were striving to give the
best quality at the lowest price. This was genuine free competition.
It was the same with builders, transport operators, accountants,
farmers, in fact, in every endeavour. The customers always chose what
they felt was the best deal - they had freedom of choice. There was no
artificial protection such as licences or tariffs to prevent other
people from going into business. The standard of living rose, and before
long the people wondered how they had ever done without money.
At the end of the year, Fabian left his shop and visited all the people
who owed him money. Some had more than they borrowed, but this meant
that others had less, since there were only a certain number of coins
issued in the first place. Those who had more than they borrowed paid
back each 100 plus the extra 5, but still had to borrow again to carry
on. The others discovered for the first time that they had a debt.
Before he would lend them more money, Fabian took a mortgage over some
of their assets, and everyone went away once moreto try and get those
extra 5 coins whichalways seemed so hard to find.
No one realised that as a whole, the country could never get out of debt
until all the coins were repaid, but even then, there were those extra 5
on each 100 which had never been lent out at all. No one but Fabian
could see that it was impossible to pay the interest - the extra money
had never been issued, therefore someone had to miss out.
It was true that Fabian spent some coins, but he couldn't possibly spend
anything like 5% of the total economy on himself. There were thousands
of people and Fabian was only one. Besides, he was still a goldsmith
making a comfortable living.
At the back of his shop Fabian had a strongroom and people found it
convenient to leave some of their coins with him for safekeeping. He
charged a small fee depending on the amount of money, and the time it
was left with him. He would give the owner receipts for the deposit.
When a person went shopping, he did not normally carry a lot of gold
coins. He would give the shopkeeper one of the receipts to the value of
the goods he wanted to buy. Shopkeepers recognised the receipt as being
genuine and accepted it with the idea of taking it to Fabian and
collecting the appropriate amount in coins. The receipts passed from
hand to hand instead of the gold itself being transferred. The people
had great faith in the receipts - they accepted them as being as good as
Before long, Fabian noticed that it was quite unusual for anyone to
actually call for their gold coins.
He thought to himself, "Here I am in possession of all this gold and I
am still a hard working craftsman. It doesn't make sense. Why there are
dozens of people who would be glad to pay me interest for the use of
this gold which is lying here and rarely called for.
It is true, the gold is not mine - but it is in my possession, which is
all that matters. I hardly need to make any coins at all, I can use some
of the coins stored in the vault."
At first he was very cautious, only loaning a few at a time, and then
only on tremendous security. But gradually he became bolder, and larger
amounts were loaned.
One day, a large loan was requested. Fabian suggested, "Instead of
carrying all these coins we can make a deposit in your name, and then I
shall give you several receipts to the value of the coins." The borrower
agreed, and off he went with a bunch of receipts. He had obtained a
loan, yet the gold remained in the strong-room. After the client left,
Fabian smiled. He could have his cake and eat it too. He could "lend"
gold and still keep it in his possession.
Friends, strangers and even enemies needed funds to carry out their
businesses - and so long as they could produce security, they could
borrow as much as they needed. By simply writing out receipts Fabian was
able to "lend" money to several times the value of gold in his
strong-room, and he was not even the owner of it. Everything was safe so
long as the real owners didn't call for their gold and the confidence of
the people was maintained.
He kept a book showing the debits and credits for each person - the
lending business was proving to be very lucrative indeed.
His social standing in the community was increasing almost as fast as
his wealth. He was becoming a man of importance, he commanded respect.
In matters of finance, his very word was like a sacred pronouncement.
Goldsmiths from other towns became curious about his activities and one
day they called to see him. He told them what he was doing, but was very
careful to emphasize the need for secrecy. If their plan was exposed,
the scheme would fail, so they agreed to form their own secret alliance.
Each returned to his own town and began to operate as Fabian had taught.
People now accepted the receipts as being as good as gold itself, and
many receipts were deposited for safe keeping in the same way as coins.
When a merchant wished to pay another for goods, he simply wrote a short
note instructing Fabian to transfer money from his account to that of
the second merchant. It took Fabian only a few minutes to adjust the
This new system became very popular, and the instruction notes were
called "checks".
Late one night, the goldsmiths had another secret meeting and Fabian
revealed a new plan. The next day they called a meeting with all the
Governors, and Fabian began. "The receipts we issue have become very
popular. No doubt, most of you Governors are using them and you find
them very convenient." They nodded in agreement and wondered what the
problem was. "Well", he continued, "some receipts are being copied by
counterfeiters. This practice must be stopped."
The Governors became alarmed. "What can we do?" they asked. Fabian
replied, "My suggestion is this - first of all, let it be the
Government's job to print new notes on a special paper with very
intricate designs, and then each note to be signed by the chief
Governor. We goldsmiths will be happy to pay the printing costs, as it
will save us a lot of time writing out receipts". The Governors
reasoned, "Well, it is our job to protect the people against
counterfeiters and the advice certainly seems like a good idea." So they
agreed to print the notes.
"Secondly," Fabian said, "some people have gone prospecting and are
making their own gold coins. I suggest that you pass a law so that any
person who finds gold nuggets must hand them in. Of course, they will be
reimbursed with notes and coins." The idea sounded good and without too
much thought about it, they printed a large number of crisp new notes.
Each note had a value printed on it - $1, $2, $5, $10 etc. The small
printing costs were paid by the goldsmiths.
The notes were much easier to carry and they soon became accepted by the
people. Despite their popularity however, these new notes and coins were
used for only 10% of transactions. The records showed that the check
system accounted for 90% of all business.
The next part of his plan commenced. Until now, people were paying
Fabian to guard their money. In order to attract more money into the
vault Fabian offered to pay depositors 3% interest on their money.
Most people believed that he was re-lending their money out to borrowers
at 5%, and his profit was the 2% difference. Besides, the people didn't
question him as getting 3% was far better than paying to have the money
The volume of savings grew and with the additional money in the vaults,
 Fabian was able to lend $200, $300, $400 sometimes up to $900 for every
$100 in notes and coins that he held in deposit. He had to be careful
not to exceed this nine to one ratio, because one person in ten did
require the notes and coins for use.
If there was not enough money available when required, people would
become suspicious, especially as their deposit books showed how much
they had deposited. Nevertheless, on the $900 in book figures that
Fabian loaned out by writing checks himself, he was able to demand up to
$45 in interest, i.e. 5% on $900. When the loan plus interest was
repaid, i.e. $945, the $900 was cancelled out in the debit column and
Fabian kept the $45 interest. He was therefore quite happy to pay $3
interest on the original $100 deposited which had never left the vaults
at all. This meant that for every $100 he held in deposits, it was
possible to make 42% profit, most people believing he was only making
2%. The other goldsmiths were doing the same thing. They created money
out of nothing at the stroke of a pen, and then charged interest on top
of it.
True, they didn't coin money, the Government actually printed the notes
and coins and gave it to the goldsmiths to distribute. Fabian's only
expense was the small printing fee. Still, they were creating credit
money out of nothing and charging interest on top of it. Most people
believed that the money supply was a Government operation. They also
believed that Fabian was lending them the money that someone else had
deposited, but it was very strange that no one's deposits ever decreased
when a loan was advanced. If everyone had tried to withdraw their
deposits at once, the fraud would have been exposed.
When a loan was requested in notes or coins, it presented no problem.
Fabian merely explained to the Government that the increase in
population and production required more notes, and these he obtained for
the small printing fee.
One day a thoughtful man went to see Fabian. "This interest charge is
wrong", he said. "For every $100 you issue, you are asking $105 in
return. The extra $5 can never be paid since it doesn't exist.
Farmers produce food, industry manufacturers goods, and so on, but only
you produce money. Suppose there are only two businessmen in the whole
country and we employ everyone else. We borrow $100 each, we pay $90 out
in wages and expenses and allow $10 profit (our wage). That means the
total purchasing power is $90 + $10 twice, i.e. $200. Yet to pay you we
must sell all our produce for $210. If one of us succeeds and sells all
his produce for $105, the other man can only hope to get $95. Also, part
of his goods cannot be sold, as there is no money left to buy them.
He will still owe you $10 and can only repay this by borrowing more. The
system is impossible."
The man continued, "Surely you should issue 105, i.e. 100 to me and 5 to
you to spend. This way there would be 105 in circulation, and the debt
can be repaid." Fabian listened quietly and finally said, "Financial
economics is a deep subject, my boy, it takes years of study. Let me
worry about these matters, and you look after yours. You must become
more efficient, increase your production, cut down on your expenses and
become a better businessman. I am always willing to help in these
The man went away still unconvinced. There was something wrong with
Fabian's operations and he felt that his questions had been avoided.
Yet, most people respected Fabian's word - "He is the expert, the
others must be wrong. Look how the country has developed, how our
production has increased - we must be better off."
To cover the interest on the money they had borrowed, merchants were
forced to raise their prices. Wage earners complained that wages were
too low. Employers refused to pay higher wages, claiming that they would
be ruined. Farmers could not get a fair price for their produce.
Housewives complained that food was getting too dear. And finally some
people went on strike, a thing previously unheard of. Others had become
poverty stricken and their friends and relatives could not afford to
help them. Most had forgotten the real wealth all around - the fertile
soils, the great forests, the minerals and cattle. They could think only
of the money which always seemed so scarce. But they never questioned
the system. They believed the Government was running it.
A few had pooled their excess money and formed "lending" or "finance"
companies. They could get 6% or more this way, which was better than the
3% Fabian paid, but they could only lend out money they owned - they did
not have this strange power of being able to create money out of nothing
by merely writing figures in books.
These finance companies worried Fabian and his friends somewhat, so they
quickly set up a few companies of their own. Mostly, they bought the
others out before they got going. In no time, all the finance companies
were owned by them, or under their control.
The economic situation got worse. The wage earners were convinced that
the bosses were making too much profit. The bosses said that their
workers were too lazy and weren't doing an honest day's work, and
everyone was blaming everyone else.The Governors could not come up with
an answer and besides, the immediate problem seemed to be to help the
poverty stricken.
They started up welfare schemes and made laws forcing people to
contribute to them. This made many people angry - they believed in the
old-fashioned idea of helping one's neighbour by voluntary effort.
"These laws are nothing more than legalised robbery. To take something
off a person against his will, regardless of the purpose for which it is
to be used, is no different to stealing." But each man felt helpless and
was afraid of the jail sentence which was threatened for failing to pay.
These welfare schemes gave some relief, but before long the problem was
back and more money was needed to cope. The cost of these schemes rose
higher and higher and the size of the Government grew.
Most of the Governors were sincere men trying to do their best. They
didn't like asking for more money from their people and finally, they
had no choice but to borrow money from Fabian and his friends. They had
no idea how they were going to repay. Parents could no longer afford to
pay teachers for their children. They couldn't pay doctors. And
transport operators were going out of business.
One by one the government was forced to take these operations over.
Teachers, doctors and many others became public servants.
Few obtained satisfaction in their work. They were given a reasonable
wage, but they lost their identity. They became small cogs in a giant
There was no room for personal initiative, little recognition for
effort, their income was fixed and advancement came only when a superior
retired or died.
In desperation, the governors decided to seek Fabian's advice. They
considered him very wise and he seemed to know how to solve money
matters. He listened to them explain all their problems, and finally he
answered, "Many people cannot solve their own problems - they need
someone to do it for them. Surely you agree that most people have the
right to be happy and to be provided with the essentials of life. One of
our great sayings is "all men are equal" - is it not?"
Well, the only way to balance things up is to take the excess wealth
from the rich and give it to the poor. Introduce a system of taxation.
The more a man has, the more he must pay. Collect taxes from each person
according to his ability, and give to each according to his need.
Schools and hospitals should be free for those who cannot afford them "
He gave them a long talk on high sounding ideals and finished up with,
"Oh, by the way, don't forget you owe me money. You've been borrowing
now for quite some time. The least I can do to help, is for you to just
to pay me the interest. We'll leave the capital debt owing, just pay me
the interest."
They went away, and without giving Fabian's philosophies any real
thought, they introduced the graduated income tax - the more you earn,
the higher your tax rate. No one liked this, but they either paid the
taxes or went to jail.
Merchants were forced once again to raise their prices. Wage earners
demanded higher wages forcing many employers out of business, or to
replace men with machinery. This caused additional unemployment and
forced the Government to introduce further welfare and handout schemes.
Tariffs and other protection devices were introduced to keep some
industries going just to provide employment. A few people wondered if
the purpose of the production was to produce goods or merely to provide
As things got worse, they tried wage control, price control, and all
sorts of controls. The Government tried to get more money through sales
tax, payroll tax and all sorts of taxes. Someone noted that from the
wheat farmer right through to the housewife, there were over 50 taxes on
a loaf of bread.
"Experts" arose and some were elected to Government, but after each
yearly meeting they came back with almost nothing achieved, except for
the news that taxes were to be "restructured", but overall the total tax
always increased.
Fabian began to demand his interest payments, and a larger and larger
portion of the tax money was being needed to pay him.
Then came party politics - the people started arguing about which group
of Governors could best solve the problems. They argued about
personalities, idealism, party labels, everything except the real
problem. The councils were getting into trouble. In one town the
interest on the debt exceeded the amount of rates which were collected
in a year. Throughout the land the unpaid interest kept increasing -
interest was charged on unpaid interest.
Gradually much of the real wealth of the country came to be owned or
controlled by Fabian and his friends and with it came greater control
over people. However, the control was not yet complete. They knew that
the situation would not be secure until every person was controlled.
Most people opposing the systems could be silenced by financial
pressure, or suffer public ridicule. To do this Fabian and his friends
purchased most of the newspapers, T.V. and radio stations and he
carefully selected people to operate them. Many of these people had a
sincere desire to improve the world, but they never realised how they
were being used. Their solutions always dealt with the effects of the
problem, never the cause.
There were several different newspapers - one for the right wing, one
for the left wing, one for the workers, one for the bosses, and so on.
It didn't matter much which one you believed in, so long as you didn't
think about the real problem. Fabian's plan was almost at its completion
- - - the whole country was in debt to him. Through education and the media,
he had control of people's minds. They were able to think and believe
only what he wanted them to.
After a man has far more money than he can possibly spend for pleasure,
what is left to excite him? For those with a ruling class mentality, the
answer is power - raw power over other human beings. The idealists were
used in the media and in Government, but the real controllers that
Fabian sought were those of the ruling class mentality.
Most of the goldsmiths had become this way. They knew the feeling of
great wealth, but it no longer satisfied them. They needed challenge and
excitement, and power over the masses was the ultimate game.
They believed they were superior to all others. "It is our right and
duty to rule. The masses don't know what is good for them. They need to
be rallied and organised. To rule is our birthright."
Throughout the land Fabian and his friends owned many lending offices.
True, they were privately and separately owned. In theory they were in
competition with each other, but in reality they were working very
closely together. After persuading some of the Governors, they set up an
institution which they called the Money Reserve Centre. They didn't even
use their own money to do this - they created credit against part of the
money out of the people's deposits.
This Institution gave the outward appearance of regulating the money
supply and being a Government operation, but strangely enough, no
Governor or public servant was ever allowed to be on the Board of
The Government no longer borrowed directly from Fabian, but began to use
a system of I.O.U.'s to the Money Reserve Centre. The security offered
was the estimated revenue from next year's taxes. This was in line with
Fabian's plan - removing suspicion from himself to an apparent
Government operation. Yet, behind the scenes, he was still in control.
Indirectly, Fabian had such control over the Government that they were
forced to do his bidding. He boasted, "Let me control the nation's money
and I care not who makes its laws." It didn't matter much which group of
Governors were elected. Fabian was in control of the money, the life
blood of the nation.
The Government obtained the money, but interest was always charged on
every loan. More and more was going out in welfare and handout schemes,
and it was not long before the Government found it difficult to even
repay the interest, let alone the capital.
And yet there were people who still asked the question, "Money is a
man-made system. Surely it can be adjusted to serve, not to rule?" But
these people became fewer and their voices were lost in the mad scrabble
for the non-existent interest.
The adminstrations changed, the party labels changed, but the major
policies continued. Regardless of which Government was in "power",
Fabian's ultimate goal was brought closer each year. The people's
policies meant nothing. They were being taxed to the limit, they could
pay no more. Now the time was ripe for Fabian's final move.
10% of the money supply was still in the form of notes and coins. This
had to be abolished in such a way as not to arouse suspicion. While the
people used cash, they were free to buy and sell as they chose - they
still had some control over their own lives.
But it was not always safe to carry notes and coins. Checks were not
accepted outside one's local community, and therefore a more convenient
system was looked forward to. Once again Fabian had the answer. His
organisation issued everyone with a little plastic card showing the
person's name, photograph and an identification number. When this card
was presented anywhere, the storekeeper phoned the central computer to
check the credit rating. If it was clear, the person could buy what he
wanted up to a certain amount.
At first people were allowed to spend a small amount on credit, and if
this was repaid within a month, no interest was charged. This was fine
for the wage earner, but what businessman could even begin? He had to
set up machinery, manufacture the goods, pay wages etc. and sell all his
goods and repay the money. If he exceeded one month, he was charged a
1.5% for every month the debt was owed. This amounted to over 18% per
Businessmen had no option but to add the 18% onto the selling price.
Yet this extra money or credit (the 18%) had not been loaned out to
anyone. Throughout the country, businessmen were given the impossible
task of repaying $118 for every $100 they borrowed - but the extra $18
had never been created at all.
Yet Fabian and his friends increased their standing in society. They
were regarded as pillars of respectability. Their pronouncements on
finance and economics were accepted with almost religious conviction.
Under the burden of ever increasing taxes, many small businesses
collapsed. Special licenses were needed for various operations, so that
the remaining ones found it very difficult to operate. Fabian owned and
controlled all of the big companies which had hundreds of subsidiaries.
These appeared to be in competition with each other, yet he controlled
them all. Eventually all competitors were forced out of business.
Plumbers, panel beaters, electricians and most other small industries
suffered the same fate - they were swallowed up by Fabian's giant
companies which all had Government protections.
Fabian wanted the plastic cards to eliminate notes and coins. His plan
was that when all notes were withdrawn, only businesses using the
computer card system would be able to operate.
He planned that eventually some people would misplace their cards and be
unable to buy or sell anything until a proof of identify was made. He
wanted a law to be passed which would give him ultimate control - a law
forcing everyone to have their identification number tattooed onto their
hand. The number would be visible only under a special light, linked to
a computer. Every computer would be linked to a giant central computer
so that Fabian could know everything about everyone.
The story you have read is of course, fiction. But if you found it to be
disturbingly close to the truth and would like to know who Fabian is in
real life, a good starting point is a study on the activities of the
English goldsmiths in the 16th & 17th centuries.
For example, The Bank of England began in 1694. King William of Orange
was in financial difficulties as a result of a war with France. The
Goldsmiths "lent him" 1.2 million pounds (a staggering amount in those
days) with certain conditions:
a.The interest rate was to be 8%. It must be remembered that Magna Carta
stated that the charging or collecting of interest carried the death
b.The King was to grant the goldsmiths a charter for the bank which gave
them the right to issue credit.
Prior to this, their operations of issuing receipts for more money than
they held in deposits was totally illegal. The charter made it legal.
In 1694 William Patterson obtained the Charter for the Bank of England.
(c) Larry Hannigan, Australia
Encyclopaedia Britannica, 14th Edition - "Banks create credit. It is a
mistake to suppose that bank credit is created to any extent by the
payment of money into the banks. A loan made by a bank is a clear
addition to the amount of money in the community."
Lord Acton, Lord Chief Justice of England, 1875 - "The issue which has
swept down the centuries and which will have to be fought sooner or
later is the People v. The Banks."
Mr Reginald McKenna, when Chairman of the Midland Bank in London - "I
am afraid that ordinary citizens will not like to be told that the banks
can, and do, create and destroy money. And they who control the credit
of the nation direct the policy of governments, and hold in the hollow
of their hands the destiny of the people.
Mr Phillip A. Benson, President of the American Bankers' Association,
June 8 1939 - "There is no more direct way to capture control of a
nation than through its credit (money) system."
USA Banker's Magazine, August 25 1924 - "Capital must protect itself in
every possible manner by combination and legislation. Debts must be
collected, bonds and mortgages must be foreclosed as rapidly as possible.
When, through a process of law, the common people lose their homes
they will become more docile and more easily governed through the
influence of the strong arm of government, applied by a central power of
wealth under control of leading financiers.
This truth is well known among our principal men now engaged in forming
an imperialism of Capital to govern the world.
By dividing the voters through the political party system, we can get
them to expend their energies in fighting over questions of no
importance. Thus by discreet action we can secure for ourselves what has
been so well planned and so successfully accomplished."
Sir Denison Miller - During an interview in 1921, when he was asked if
he, through the Commonwealth Bank, had financed Australia during the
First World War for $700 million, he replied; "Such was the case, and I
could have financed the country for a further like sum had the war
continued." Asked if that amount was available for productive purposes
in this time of peace, he answered "Yes".
"There are four things that must be available for paid work to take
*The work to be done.
*The materials to do the work.
*The labor to do the work.
*The money to pay for the work to be done.
If any of those four things are missing, no paid work can take place.
It is a naturally self-regulating system. If there is work to be done,
and the material is available and the labour willing, all we have to do
is create the money. Quite simple."
Ask yourself why it was that depressions happened. All that went
missing from the community was the money to buy goods and services. The
labour was still available. The work to be done was still there. The
materials had not disappeared, and the goods were readily available in
the shops, or could be produced but for the want of money.
Extract from a letter written by Rothschild Bros of London to a New York
firm of bankers on 25 June 1863:
"The few who can understand the System (Cheque Money and Credits) will
either be so interested in its profits, or so dependent on its favours,
that there will be no opposition from that class. While on the other
hand, the great body of people mentally incapable of comprehending the
tremendous advantage that capital derives from the system, will bear its
burdens without complaint and perhaps without even suspecting that the
system is inimical (hostile, hurtful) to their interests.
The following quotation was reprinted in the Idaho Leader, USA, 26
August 1924, and has been read into Hansard twice: by John Evans MP, in
1926, and by M.D. Cowan M.P., in the Session of 1930-1931.
In 1891 a confidential circular was sent to American bankers and their
agents, containing the following statements:
"We authorise our loan agents in the western States to loan our funds on
real estate, to fall due on September 1st 1894, and at no time
On September 1, 1894, we will not renew our loans under any
On September 1st we will demand our money - we will foreclose and become
mortgagees in possession.
We can take two-thirds of the farms west of the Mississippi and
thousands of them east of the great Mississippi as well, at our own
We may as well own three-fourths of the farms of the west and the money
of the country.
Then the farmers will become tenants, as in England."
"In the United States, the issuing of money is controlled by the Federal
Reserve Board. This is not a government department but a board of
private bankers.Most of us would believe that the Federal Reserve is a
federal arm of the national government.This is not trueIn 1913
President Woodrow Wilson signed the document that created the Federal
Reserve, and committed the American people to debt slavery until such
time as they awake from their slumber and overthrow this vicious
The understanding of this issue of money into the community can be best
illustrated by equating money in the economy with tickets in a railway
system. The tickets are printed by a printer who is paid for his work.
The printer never claims the ownership of the tickets  And we can never
imagine a railway company refusing to give passengers seats on a train
because it is out of tickets. By this same token, a government should
never refuse people the access to normal commerce and trade by claiming
it is out of money."
Suppose the government borrows $10 million. It only costs the bankers a
few hundred dollars to actually produce the funds, and a little more to
do the book-keeping. Do you think it is fair that our citizens should
struggle to keep their homes and families together, while the bankers
grow fat on these profits?
Credit created by a Government-owned bank is better than credit created
by private banks, because there is no need to recover the money from
people by way of taxes, and there is no interest attached to inflate the
cost. The public work completed with the credit by the Government bank
is the asset that replaces the money created when the work is finished.
None of our problems will disappear until we correct the creation,
supply and circulation of money. Once the money problem is solved,
everything else will fall into place.
Each of us can help to turn this ship around:
*The first thing is to teach people. VERY FEW know about or understand
this information yet. Please pass this information on to those on and
off the net.
*Research this subject for yourself to increase your understanding.
*Join with others who want to return the control of government to the
people. Remember - they are 'public SERVANTS'! We are not their servant.
They should do OUR bidding.
*Regardless of your political leanings, encourage your local Member to
investigate and correct our money system. (They probably need to be
educated too!). You can do this by email, letter, telephone or personal
*Legislators receive an average of only 100 letters on any given issue.
So if you write you opinion and get others to write, say 25 letters, you
send a strong message. (Have a letter writing evening).
*To contact members of Congress or the House of Representatives go to
FURTHER INFORMATION
All You Were Never Told About the US Monetary System
Billions for the Bankers
Please advise us of other noteworthy links that you know of.
"None of our problems will disappear until we correct the creation,
supply and circulation of money. Once the money problem is solved,
everything else will fall into place."
I Want The Earth Plus 5%
"None of our problems will disappear until we correct the creation,
supply and circulation of money. Once the money problem is solved,
everything else will fall into place."
I Want The Earth Plus 5%
- - --------------29E97873D749AEAF8665B844--

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:39:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Y2K- a futurist view: Society not resilient enough to withstand 
change + 2 more related articles.
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: "A.C." "However, he warns that our present economic and institutional=20
structures have milked communities and individuals of their=20
resilience to handle major and abrupt change such as Y2K may unleash."

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:40:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.15:Privacy Conference Announcement 
ISPI Clips 5.15:Privacy Conference Announcement
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Monday October 5, 1998
This From: ACLU of Wisconsin (Press Release)
Privacy Conference Announcement
ACLU of Wisconsin Data Privacy Project announces a privacy
conference on November 13, 1998 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The
conference is co-sponsored by University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee
Institute of World Affairs.  The event features keynote addresses by
Spiros Simitis, principal author of the "EU Directive on Data Protection"
and Stefan Walz, privacy commissioner for the German state of Bremen.
Registration information may be obtained from Carole Doeppers,
Director, Wisconsin Data Privacy Project, 122 State Street, Suite 407,
Madison, WI  53703. Or contact her by phone (608-250-1769),
fax (608-258-9854) or e-mail .
"Data Privacy in the Global Age",
Friday, November 13, 1998,
Italian Conference Center, Milwaukee
Registration Fee: $175
Limited number of scholarships available upon request
Conference lodging:
Astor Hotel 1-800-242-0355 (in state)
1-800-558-0200 (outside Wisconsin)
Conference Program:  November 13
Welcome and Introductions
Keynote Address:
"The EU Directive: Its Impact on Electronic Commerce with Third Countries"
Dr. Spiros Simitis, principal author of the "EU Directive on Data
Concurrent Sessions:
"The Internet: New Frontiers for Privacy and the Law"
                    Andrea Schneider,
                    Professor, Marquette University School of Law
                    Fred Cate, Author and Professor,
                    Indiana University School of Law
                    Timothy Muth, Attorney and Chair,
                    Milwaukee Bar Association's Technology Committee
"A New Electronic Bill of Rights:  Good or Bad for Business?"
                    David Luce, Professor Emeritus,
                    UW-Milwaukee Philosophy Department
                    Evan Hendricks, Editor/Publisher, Privacy Times
                    Paola Benassi, Operations Manager, TRUSTe
Afternoon Keynote Address:
"The German Approach to Data Protection"
Dr. Stefan Walz, Privacy Commissioner, German State of Bremen
Concurrent Workshops:
"Trade-off of Values: Freedom of Information vs. Information Privacy"
                    Len Levine, Professor,
                    UW-Milwaukee Computer Science Department
                    Marty Kaiser, Editor, Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel
                    James Friedman, Legal Counsel, Wisconsin FOI Council
                    Don Gemberling, Director, Information & Policy
                    Minnesota Department of Administration
                    Charles Sykes, Author and Radio Talk-Show Host
"Developing Your Own Fair Information Practices:  Balancing Commercial and
Consumer Rights"
                    David Flaherty, Commissioner,
                    Office of Information and Privacy, British Columbia
                    Patrick Sullivan, Partner, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
                    James O'Brien, Vice President, Sun Tzu Security Ltd.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:39:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Worth Reading: Fwd from Gary North: Y2K 
Forwarded from Gary North:
     By now you know my concern over the Year 2000 Problem: the
collapse of the division of labor.  As Leonard Read wrote in "I,
Pencil," no one knows how to make a pencil.  It's too
complicated: cut wood, carbon, paint, rubber, metal.  A pencil
can exist only because the division of labor exists.  But if a
pencil is too difficult to make, what about replacement parts for
a dam? What about an automobile?
     But could this really happen?  Wrong question: How will this
not happen?  There is not one compliant bank on earth, not one
compliant public utility, not one compliant industry.  Yet we
have only 15 months to go.  And in between now and then,
worldwide panic will hit, making code-correction very difficult.
Also, the latest estimate of embedded chips is 70 billion.  The
latest estimated failure rate for embedded systems is 10% to 20%.
     All of our management systems rely on mainframe computers.
The people who ran the pre-computer management systems in 1965
have been fired or have retired.  The knowledge they had went
with them.  They were replaced by digital idiot savants.  These
idiot savants are not flexible.  Dustin Hoffman's character in
Rainman was a model of flexibility compared to a computer.
Computers do exactly what they were programmed to do.  They do
not listen to reason.  They do not hear your screams.  Their
attitude is best expressed by Rhett Butler as he walked away from
Scarlett for the last time.
     Look ahead.  It's Friday, January 14, 2000.  You are
standing in front of a bank teller.  You have stood in line for
three hours.  There is a line of 200 people behind you.  You have
your bank statement from last month.  It says you have $4,517.22
in your checking account.  But your checks have all bounced:
"Account closed."  Every account is automatically closed after
two years of no activity, and your account had no activity from
1/1/1900 (00) to 1/1/1902 (02).  Now you want your bounced checks
cleared.  The teller says, "I'm sorry.  Our computer shows the
account is closed."  "Well, then, re-open it."  "Are you making a
deposit?"  "No."  "Then I can't re-open it."  Problem: you now
have no money.  The account is closed.  Your printed records are
for last month.  Maybe you spent all that money on Christmas.
She has no idea.  "I am not authorized to give you cash."  (Well,
maybe $200, by government decree.)  What are you going to do?  It
will take many months to fix this for every depositor on earth.
The banks will not survive for weeks.
     She has no authority to veto the computer.  Nobody does.
There is no alternative management system in place that will
enable a bank's employees to fix the accounts and clear all
checks and credit card transactions.  All banks must stop
accepting checks and credit card accounts until there is a way to
clear the accounts.  There is no way.  Their management systems
must be redesigned to go back to 1965, all over the world: a
paper and ink system.  But there is no time to do this.  This
would take years even if all the banks stayed up.  But they will
all go down.  Any bank that is forced out of the capital markets
for a week will go bankrupt -- two weeks, for sure.  But if they
are all out of the capital markets, there will be no capital
markets.  That means Western civilization will shut down:
"Account closed."
     "Our computer is down."  These four words may kill you.
Literally.  If you do not have financial reserves that are not
electronic, these four words will strip you of your ability to
buy and sell.  And not just you: everyone.  The division of labor
will collapse.
     How will society produce a pencil?  Or repair parts for a
power generation plant?
     Think ahead.  Sit down with a pen and paper.  (It's good
practice for the future.)  Think of every situation in which your
life would be disrupted by the words, "Our computer is down."  If
you could not get your immediate problem solved because of these
for words, for just 60 consecutive days, what would happen to
you?  Think this through.
     Which local systems are threatened?  Here is a preliminary
list: banks, paychecks, supermarkets, drug stores (all
prescriptions on computer), the water/sewer company, the electric
utility, telephone service.  If you lack imagination here, rent
The Trigger Effect.
     Now let's move outward toward local emergency institutions.
Think of the another missing 9 and two more 1's: 9-1-1.  The
police, the fire department, hospitals, ambulances.  The phones
may or may not be down, but 911 switchboards are only rarely
compliant today.
     Now let's move farther outward into the world of capital:
money market fund, mutual fund, pension fund, bond fund,
insurance, second mortgages, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid,
IRS refunds.  You just lost your retirement money.  If your home
burns down, you'll not get a replacement unless you have gold
coins or cash to buy a used one.  If you die, your wife will get
nothing that isn't close at hand, i.e., in hand.
     "Our computer is down."  This phrase will serve nicely as an
epitaph for our civilization.  Only if the computers don't go
down, and also don't make bad calculations, can the West avoid
this epitaph.  But if they are not fixed, they will go down or go
         A BILLION LIVES LOST, IF THINGS GO FAIRLY WELL
     I have been writing for over a year on this with all the
skill I have.  I simply cannot get it across to all of you, or
even to most of you.  I am never at a loss for words, but I am at
a loss for persuasion.  I have been unable to persuade the vast
majority of my readers, after almost two years, that if the
division of labor collapses, we will lose millions of lives.  Joe
Boivin, who was the y2k director for Canada's Imperial Bank and
Commerce until he quit, estimates that a billion people will die
in 2000.  He limits his discussion to the third world.  I think
we could lose half a billion in the urban West.
     Unthinkable?  All right, show me how any large city will
survive if the power goes off for 60 days, all railroad
deliveries of grain and coal stop, all gasoline station pumps
shut down, and there are no banks.  Go on.  I'm serious.  Sit
down and outline a scenario that will keep an urban population
alive without mainframe computers.
     The army?  There are 120 U.S. cities that the government has
targeted as vulnerable to cyberwarfare.  There are 1.4 million
people in the entire U.S. military.  Few have any training for
riot control and food delivery.  The government cannot provide
such training without creating a panic.  The military is
dependent on the civilian communications system.  How will 1.4
million untrained military personnel -- including the Navy --
police a destitute population of 60 million urban residents, not
counting the suburbs?  That's 11,666 people per city.  But the
large cities will get the lion's share.  What about where you
live?  The bands of arsonists and rioters are loose in your city.
What will your police do?  I'll tell you: they will stay home if
they are not being paid.  And if the banks are down, they will
not be paid.
     I know what you're thinking.  "They just can't let this
happen."  What can "they" do to stop it?  The United States is
short 500,000 to 700,000 mainframe programmers.
     Roberto Vacca wrote The Coming Dark Age in 1973.  He did not
forecast y2k.  If he had, the book would have been far more
persuasive.  His point was that our technology has extended
beyond what we can understand.  I was not impressed because that
is true of the free market at all times.  This is the genius of
the free market.  No one understands all of the interconnections,
yet we prosper.  So, I dismissed the book's thesis.  What I did
not see, and he did not see, was y2k.  We have transferred to
digital idiot savants all authority to make decisions that men
found either too boring or too complex to make.  We removed this
decision-making authority from people and delegated it to
              FROM ANALOGICAL TO DIGITAL AND BACK
     It's time to talk theology.  Cornelius Van Til argued that
men must think God's thoughts after Him -- analogically.  God is
a person.  He's also three persons.  We are persons.  Our
universe reflects God's personality.  We don't live in an
impersonal world.  The biblical doctrine of the creation forces
us to accept the doctrine of cosmic personalism.
     Modern computers do not think.  They count.  But modern man
since the Renaissance has believed that number, not God's written
revelation, is the touchstone of truth.  He has believed that
mankind's inability to comprehend (surround mentally) the
infinitely complex universe can be compensated for.  Man can use
numerical formulas to substitute for omniscience.  He can take a
shortcut to omniscience.  He can develop numerical formulas that
allow him to control the external world, which is controlled by
number.  Why a capacity of the mind -- numerical coherence --
should also control the external realm is a great mystery.  In
fact, as Nobel Prize physicist Eugene Wigner said in a 1960
essay, the effectiveness of number in science is unreasonable.
But it does work within creation's limits.
     Men have sought numerical shortcuts to cosmic knowledge and
cosmic power.  They have found many shortcuts, and on these
shortcuts modern science rests.  But then, in the 1950's,
programmers took another shortcut -- a digital shortcut.  They
saved two holes out of 80 in IBM punch cards.  This seemingly
minor shortcut has brought society to the brink of destruction.
We are not lemmings rushing to destruction.  We are sheep being
driven toward a cliff by idiot savants, to whom we have delegated
control over our affairs.
     Man worships science and its shortcuts.  He worships the
creations made by his own hands and  mind.  We will soon find
that such idolatry is always deadly.  Modern man thinks he has
shoved God out of the universe.  He has used Darwinism and a
theory of vast cosmic impersonal time to remove Him from man's
newly acquired domain.  Natural selection has replaced God's
purpose.  Cosmic time has replaced the six-day creation.  But now
we face the institutional monstrosity of the digital
impersonalism of the idiot savants.  Computers can count.  Can
they ever count!  But the dates they use after '99 will be wrong.
                       WHAT WILL YOU DO?
     You should now have a list of services and goods that will
no longer be provided if the computers go down.  It's a long
list.  You need a second list.  What items must you buy now that
can substitute for these lost services?  You can't afford to buy
them all.  There will be a panic to buy such goods next year.  It
has already begun (e.g., Chinese diesel generators).  Where will
you get the fuel for a generator?  Electricity for a well pump?
Propane for a cook stove?  Heat in the winter?  Think of Montreal
last January.
     But will the computers go down?  Senator Robert Bennett said
it well on July 14 at a National Press Club speech.  If 2000 were
the next day, this civilization might collapse.   But, he said,
we can save it between July 15 and Jan. 1, 2000.  To which I
reply: How?  What is being done, worldwide, to avoid the death of
the computers?  Not just in the U.S. -- worldwide?  Almost
nothing.  There are not enough skilled programmers.
     I suppose you get tired of reading about this.  I am surely
tired of writing it.  But until I can no longer mail this
newsletter, or until all the computers are fixed in late 1999, I
will continue to nag you . . . not to death -- to life.  As it
stands today, if tomorrow were 2000, we would see the end of
this civilization in 60 days.  If you think I'm wrong, jot down
those life-support systems that are 2000- compliant today.  It's
an empty list.  How will we get from empty to fixed, worldwide,
in the next 15 months?  This is not a trick question.  It's a
life-and-death question.  Do you have an answer and a contingency
plan?  Don't wait for leadership on this matter.  Leaders are in
y2k denial.  You must lead.  If you won't, who will?  You are
responsible for you.  What will you do?  How soon?
Gary North
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:39:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: "Big Brother" Watches "Big Brother" 
=46inance Committee Chairman William Roth, sited several incidents describin=
mistreatment by the criminal  investigation division of the IRS.
The same day The Treasury Department announced  that former CIA and FBI
chief  COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER William Webster would head up a
special investigation of the IRS's criminal investigation division.
Sunday May 4, 1998 on the CBS show Face the Nation,  COUNCIL ON FOREIGN
RELATIONS MEMBER Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan said "The IRS is not out
of control, it's just not under control,"  "There is no management system."
"The criminal division (of the IRS) got out of control. That SWAT team
breaking into businesses with body armor and automatic weapons - now what's
that?" asked Moynihan. "That is no way to behave with taxpayers. We can get
this under control and will."
COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER Moynihan expressed confidence in
Congress and the agency's new director, COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER
Charles O. Rossotti, to create such a system and give it a face that is
friendlier to the public than the aggressive, arm-twisting "Big Brother"
described by taxpayers at Senate Finance Committee hearings held the  week
of April 28th, and in September 1997.
COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER Charles O. Rossotti may be able to give
the system  a friendly face  The problem is the friendly face will do
little more than hide the same "Big Brother" tactics. Wiretaps may be one
of those tactics.
Some insight into how COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER William Webster
thinks, is found in the USA Today article that follows.  The article is
about a record number of "Big Brother" wiretaps in the US. The excuse for
the wiretaps "is a stepped-up federal response to increased terrorist
activity on American soil. Opponents argue that the process endangers the
very liberties it seeks to protect."
COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER William Webster, head of the
investigative team looking into "Big Brother" IRS abuses, is a proponent of
increased "Big Brother" wiretaps who believes,
 	"This issue is where the rubber hits the road," said  [COUNCIL ON
=46OREIGN RELATIONS MEMBER] William Webster, who headed the FBI in 1978 when
the law allowing the secret wiretaps was passed. "It's where we try to
balance the concept of our liberty against what has to be done to protect
The USA Today article follows:
Visit the Roundtable Web Page: Title-50 War and National Defense =A7 783 states - "It shall be unlawful for
any person knowingly to combine, conspire, or agree with any other person
to perform any act which would substantially contribute to the
establishment within the United States of a totalitarian dictatorship, the
direction and control of which is to be vested in, or exercised by or under
the domination of control of, any foreign government."
The Council on Foreign Relations are in violation of Title-50 War and
National Defense =A7 783. The Council on Foreign Relations has unlawfully an=
knowingly combined, conspired, and agreed to substantially contribute to
the establishment of one world order under the totalitarian dictatorship,
the direction and the control of members of Council on Foreign Relations,
the Royal Institute of International Affairs, and members of their branch
organizations in various nations throughout the world. That is
totalitarianism on a global scale.
Visit the Roundtable Web Page: E-mail: roundtable
read on-line: Psychological Operations In Guerrilla Warfare ( The CIA's
Nicaragua Manual); The Secret Team by Fletcher Prouty;  The NAFTA PSYOP;
Nitze's Not-Sees;   & More
visit: U.S. Army War College - Meet Henry L. Stimson and Elihu Root
Professors of Military Studies
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:39:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: "The Internet 1998: The end of the beginning" 
Source:  Business Today
BT EXCLUSIVE: The Internet 1998: The end of the beginning by Bill Burke/BusinessToday staff The Internet is not going away, but it is about to undergo a facelift.
With the demand for faster, more reliable data communications access
growing, some technology pundits are predicting the death of the Internet.
Radio took 38 years to reach an audience of 50 million people, according to
Sprint CEO William T. Esrey. The Internet has taken only four years to
reach that same audience. Despite that growth, it has reached critical mass
and is due flare out in the near future, he said.
"The Internet is going away," Esrey said. "The Internet will be replaced
with other networks."
But according to a panel at the Wall Street Journal Technology Summit this
morning, that demise is being prematurely reported.
"One of the beauties of the Internet is that it can change in several
places simultaneously," said Robert Metcalfe, vice president of Technology,
International Data Group. "There are five or 10 next generation Internets
coming." However, there are threats to the growth of the new Net. The first 25 years
of the Internet has been characterized by governmental subsidies and
community cooperation. Recently, the financial payoff has led to heretofore
unseen posturing and political infighting -- something that could threaten
the development of future networks, according to John M. McQuillan,
president of McQuillan Consulting.
Add in new technologies, however, and the next generation begins to take
"I think where we are with the Internet where we were 100 years ago with
electricity," said Paul R. Gudonis, president of GTE Internetworking.
"We're still in the early stages of this."
Gudonis said the Internet is about to become more applications-based,
forcing businesses to re-think their approach.
"Business is going through an adoption cycle," he said. "Now we're seeing
the second coming of re-engineering."
Changes will come in how corporations go about prospecting, learning how to
sell, and "totally revamping how they actually do business."
As a result, companies are preparing for the next incarnation, building a
massive new backbone for each new network, and preparing for, among other
things, streaming video.
"Everybody's getting ready for video," Gudonis said. "Everybody's going to
go camera crazy, I think."
But the bottom line is that capitalism has met the Net, and it will not be
the same.
"Where we are, is at the end of the beginning of the Internet," McQuillan
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:40:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Heavy Leonid meteor shower threatens communications 
Source:  San Francisco Examiner
Heavy Leonid meteor shower threatens communications
Annual light show biggest in 32 years
By Keay Davidson
EXAMINER SCIENCE WRITER
A spectacular meteor storm will ignite the heavens in mid-November,
possibly "sandblasting" satellites and threatening everyday services from
cell phones to TV shows to data communications.
The last great meteor barrage came in 1966, when space satellites were far
less common - and far less essential to everyday life. Back then, thousands
of meteors per minute shot across the North American sky.
Today, the skies are jammed with satellites that aid in weather
forecasting, relay data communications and TV signals, and enable military
The world's satellite network is a juicy target for the blistering
celestial rain.
Although the meteors are smaller than grains of sand, they travel
tremendously fast - more than 40 miles per second, equivalent to a
10-second flight from San Francisco to Los Angeles. As a result, they could
knock out or disrupt some satellites' delicate electronics.
"This meteoroid storm will be the largest such threat ever experienced by
our critical orbiting satellite constellations," William H. Ailor, director
of the Center for Orbital and Reentry Debris Studies at the Aerospace Corp.
in El Segundo, Los Angeles County, told the House Science Committee on May 21.
The 1966 storm appeared over continental North America, but this year's
main aerial assault will be visible from Japan, China, the Philippines and
other parts of east Asia, and possibly Hawaii. The meteors are debris from
a comet, Tempel-Tuttle.
Scientists from NASA's Ames Research Center in Mountain View hope to study
the shower from aircraft flying out of Okinawa, says Ames principal
investigator Peter Jenniskens. They hope to broadcast live TV images of the
shower over the World Wide Web.
The "Leonid" meteor shower is so named because the meteors appear to
emanate from the direction of the constellation Leo. Actually, the shower
is a cloud of rocky particles orbiting the sun. Annual event
Earth crosses the cloud's path every Nov. 17 and 18. At that time, amateur
astronomers enjoy seeing the "Leonids" zip across the sky, sometimes
several per minute.
But every 30-plus years, our planet crosses a particularly dense part of
the Leonid cloud. So the "shower" becomes a "storm," with up to 40 meteors
per second and sometimes 50,000 per hour.
Although very tiny, the particles move so fast that the friction with
Earth's atmosphere will cause them to burn and glow. Visible from hundreds
of miles away, they will make the sky look like fireworks.
NASA plans to turn the Hubble Space Telescope away from the storm so
meteors that hit the giant orbital telescope will miss its super-delicate
mirror, says NASA spokesman Don Savage.
"NASA is taking (the shower) seriously," Savage said. "We have been
assessing what we need to do to ensure our satellites in Earth orbit are
going to be operated in a safe manner during this meteor shower."
Other satellites might be temporarily re-oriented so that they present the
narrowest "cross section" - the smallest target.
"We are concerned, and we have been in meetings and making plans concerning
the Leonid shower," said U.S. Army Maj. Mike Birmingham, a spokesman for
the U.S. Space Command in Colorado, which monitors
American military and spy satellites.
In his congressional testimony, Ailor said that "because of the very high
speed of the particles - they will be moving at speeds of over... 155,000
mph - the storm poses an even greater and somewhat unknown threat."
Most particles tiny
"Fortunately, most of the particles... are very small, smaller than the
diameter of a human hair, and won't survive passage through the Earth's
atmosphere," Ailor said. "Our satellites, however, are (in space and) not
protected by the atmosphere, so they will be 'sandblasted' by very small
particles traveling more than 100 times faster than a bullet. "At these speeds, even a tiny particle can cause damage or electrical
problems," Ailor said. "While major holes and physical damage to solar
panels and structures are very unlikely, impacts of small particles will
create an electrically charged plasma which can induce electrical shorts
and failures in sensitive electronic components."
Last month, an immense wave of radiation from a neutron star washed over
Earth, causing at least two scientific satellites to shut down to protect
their electronics.
Astronomers said the star, in a constellation about 20,000 light-years
away, had unleashed enough energy to power civilization for a
billion-billion years. But by the time the radiation found its way across
the cosmos and through the atmosphere, it was no stronger than a typical
dental X-ray, scientists said.
No conflict with space missions
The upcoming meteor shower is not expected to conflict with scheduled space
The first components of the international space station - a kind of village
in space - aren't planned for launch until late November and December,
after the shower, Savage said.
U.S. Sen. John Glenn, an Ohio Democrat and former astronaut, is scheduled
to rocket into orbit on the space shuttle Oct. 29, returning before the
Leonid shower.
Armed with sensitive monitors, Jenniskens' colleagues will study the
meteors' "spectra" - frequencies of light that reveal the particles'
chemical composition - through portholes in the roof of a plane. Scientists
will also
study the particles' effects on atmospheric chemistry, such as the ozone
layer that shields us from cancer-causing solar radiation.
The scientists hope to measure the particle stream, which may be as dense
as one extremely small particle every 10 square meters. If so, then every
satellite in the sky may get hit, Jenniskens say.
Jenniskens' project - involving some 30 scientists and two aircraft - is
funded by NASA, the U.S. Air Force and the National Center for Atmospheric
Research in Boulder, Colo.
He hopes to transmit high-resolution TV images of the incoming meteors via
TV or the Web across a 30-degree field of sky.
More information on the project is available on the Internet at
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:41:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Cyberwar: Proper Vigilance Or Paranoia? 
Source:  ZDNet
Cyberwar: Proper Vigilance Or Paranoia?
 By Will Rodger
The last war was on land, air and
sea. The next one may be on
your computer. Armed with
reams of data showing dramatic
increases in computer crime since
1995, a wide-ranging but
little-noticed federal working
group is moving swiftly to try to
 knit together a private and public partnership against
 armies of hackers, government spies and terrorist agents
 that could make cyberspace unsafe for democracy.  The fear: that no part of the industrialized world is safe
 from digital disaster. Successful attacks on power grids,
 hospitals, banks, farms, factories and railroad switches
 could plunge a target nation into chaos and dysfunction.  Administration officials say this is no joke, ticking off
 threats already encountered: A 19-year-old Israeli hacker, known as the
Analyzer, and two California teenagers successfully
penetrate U.S. Department of Defense computers in
February, setting off fears that their intrusions are
related to U.S. troop buildups against Iraq. Russian hacker Vladimir Levin breaks into Citibank
systems and steals $12 million in 1994. He escapes
arrest for one year, only to be brought to justice as
he gets off a flight to London and walks into the
arms of Interpol. A study by network security specialist Dan Farmer
that shows more than 60 percent of 1,700
high-profile Web sites - many run by banks - can be
broken into or destroyed using a program he
designed to probe for weaknesses no system
administrator should allow in the first place.  At the center of the U.S.' attempts to create a
 cyberdefense structure is the Critical Infrastructure
 Coordination Group, an assembly of cabinet
 undersecretaries and other senior officials sworn to work
 with the FBI and American business to protect a society
 that now depends on a safe, free flow of bits and bytes.
 But even as the defense structure emerges, civil
 libertarians, industry executives and even administration
 insiders worry about how well the Clinton administration or
 its successors can steer between protecting against all
 forms of disruption on one hand and creating a police state
 on the other.  Fears that police agencies will use the threat to gain
 unprecedented power "reflect a misunderstanding of what
 we're all about and what the administration is all about,"
 said Michael Vatis, director of the National Infrastructure
 Protection Center (NIPC) at the FBI. "We are structured
 as a real partnership [between government and free
 enterprise]. It's our own intention to bring people on board
 from the private sector. We all say the same thing."  But James Adams, former chief executive officer of United
 Press International and head of the newly formed
 Infrastructure Defense Inc. consultancy, said government
 must surrender more power first. "I don't think the
 government can any longer say we know what's good for
 you and we're going to take care of it. The government is
 becoming increasingly irrelevant. I'm not arguing that's a
 good thing or a bad thing - it's simply a fact."  Either way, bitter, seemingly endless disputes between the
 administration and the people whose cooperation it needs
 already have tainted the process of developing a national
 approach to protecting critical information assets, both
 sides said. A five-year battle over use and export of
 data-scrambling technologies crucial to data security, for
 instance, has alienated much of the computer industry. FBI
 demands that telephone companies spend hundreds of
 millions of dollars to make wiretaps easier to perform,
 meanwhile, have led to charges of betrayal by phone
 companies that claim they were promised more
 compensation than they're getting, and civil libertarians who
 say the new proposals invite abuse by rogue police.  As a result, what should be a cooperative effort to secure
 the nation from outside attacks threatens to bog down in a
 morass of mistrust and stony silence.  "Our members are scared to death of this whole program,"
 a Washington association executive said, insisting on
 anonymity. "You've got the FBI and the National Security
 Agency pushing this thing. These guys are spies. Then there
 are these 'private sector' groups springing up to coordinate
 'information sharing' about how different companies have
 these huge holes in their networks. Some of them are
 headed by ex-Defense Department people. The whole
 thing makes us paranoid."  Worse, still, the lobbyist said: The nation's chief computer
 security organization - the secretive, estimated
 50,000-employee National Security Agency (NSA) - is
 the same one responsible for wiretapping and signal
 interception everywhere outside the U.S. As long as the
 world's biggest Big Brother has a major role to play,
 business may be gun-shy of the program. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:40:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Spycam City: The surveillance society: part one 
Source:  Village Voice
Spycam City:  The surveillance society: part one  by Mark Boal  Cameras stare as you browse at Barnes and
 Noble or rent a video at Blockbuster. They record
 the way you handle the merchandise at Macy's or
 how you glide to the music at the Union Square
 Virgin Megastore. Grab a latte at Starbucks,
 brunch on borscht at Veselka, or savor a martini at
 the Union Bar: cameras are watching every sip you
 take. Peering from skyscrapers with lenses that can
 count the buttons on a blouse three miles away,
 they watch every move you make.  Even Rudy likes to watch.After testing reaction to
 the monitoring of parks, public pools, and subway
 platforms, the city is quietly expanding a pilot
 program on buses. Cameras indistinguishable from
 lampposts have advanced from the perimeter of
 Washington Square into the heart of the park.
 They're already hidden at some bus stops and
 intersections to snag speeders and parking perps.
 More are on the way.  The Housing Authority is rushing to put
 bulletproof cameras in corridors throughout city
 projects.  At P.S. 83 in the Bronx, covert cameras cover
 the schoolyard; six other Bronx schools will soon
 follow suit.  Even university students are under watch, as
 activists at City College realized last June when
 they found a camera hidden in the smoke detector
 outside their meeting room. The administration had
 put it there.  Two local jails--Valhalla and Dutchess
 County--are adding cameras to their guards'
 helmets to go along with the ones in the visiting
 rooms and some cells.  With little public awareness and no debate, the
 scaffolding of mass surveillance is taking shape."it's
 all about balancing a sense of security against an
 invasion of privacy," Rudolph Giuliani insists. But
 the furtive encroachment of surveillance is Norman
 Siegel's latest lost cause. "I feel like Paul Revere,
 shouting 'The cameras are coming, the cameras are
 coming.' " says the New York Civil Liberties
 Union's executive director.  All summer, a crew of NYCLU volunteers
 scoured Manhattan on a mission to pinpoint every
 street-level camera. Next month, Siegel will unveil
 their findings: a map showing that cameras have
 become as ubiquitous as streetlights. It's impossible
 to say how many lenses are trained on the streets
 of New York, but in one eight-block radius, the
 NYCLU found over 300 in plain sight. And as one
 volunteer acknowledges, "There are tons of hidden
 cameras we didn't catch."  That's because it's routine in the security trade to
 buttress visible cameras with hidden ones, "so
 everything's covered and it doesn't look like a
 fortress," as one consultant says. These spycams
 scan unseen in tinted domes, from behind mirrors,
 or through openings the size of a pinhole. Under
 the joystick command of a distant operator, they're
 capable of zooming in or spinning 360 degrees in
 less than a second. If you listen to the people who
 install them, cameras are as common and elusive as
 shadows. But does anybody really care?  No New York law regulates surveillance (except
 to require cameras at ATM machines). Statutes
 that prohibit taping private conversations have
 been outpaced by video technology. Your words
 can't be recorded without your consent, but you
 can be videotaped in any public place. And you
 don't own your image (except for commercial
 purposes).  It took the Supreme Court some 90 years to apply
 the Fourth Amendment's privacy protection to the
 telephone. Before a landmark 1967 case, it was
 legal to bug a phone booth. When legislators finally
 reined in wiretapping in 1968, video was a speck
 on the horizon, and cameras were excluded from
 the law. Now Congress is inundated with privacy
 bills, but few survive the combined resistance of
 manufacturers, service providers, law enforcement,
 and the media.  In 1991 and 1993, proposals to limit surveillance
 were killed in committee by a lobby of 12,500
 companies. Testifying against rules that would have
 required companies to notify their workers--and
 customers--of cameras, Barry Fineran of the
 National Association of Manufacturers called
 "random and periodic silent monitoring a very
 important management tool." This alliance backs its
 rhetoric with cash. During the 1996 Congressional
 campaign, finance and insurance companies alone
 invested $23 million in their antiprivacy agenda.
 And so the cameras keep rolling.  It's clear that surveillance makes many people feel
 safer. But researchers disagree about its value as a
 crime deterrent.The consensus is that cameras can
 curb spontaneous crimes like vandalism, but are
 less effective in stopping more calculated felonies.
 Though spycams are in banks and convenience
 stores, robberies at these places are staples of the
 police blotter. Hardcore crooks learn to work
 around surveillance: witness the masked bandit.
 And many cameras that promise security are only
 checked occasionally; their real purpose is not to
 stop a crime in progress, but to catch perps after
 the fact. Those reassuring cameras on subway
 platforms are there to make sure the trains run on
 time.  It's telling that the camera quotient is increasing in
 the midst of a dramatic decline in crime.Clearly the
 spread of surveillance has less to do with
 lawlessness than with order. "Just don't do anything
 wrong," advises the smiling cop monitoring the
 hidden cameras in Washington Square, "and you
 have nothing to worry about."  But Americans are worried. Last year, 92 percent
 of respondents told a Harris-Westin poll they were
 "concerned" about threats to privacy, the highest
 level since the poll began in the late '70s. Despite
 this concern, there's been little research into the
 effects of living in an omnivideo environment.
 Surveillance scholarship was hip in the '60s and
 '70s, but academic interest has dropped noticeably
 in the past 20 years. In the neocon '90s, the
 nation's preeminent criminologist, James Q.
 Wilson, says he "never studied the subject [of
 security cameras] or talked to anyone who has."  One reason for this apathy is the academy's
 dependence on government money. "Federal
 funding does not encourage this kind of research,"
 says sociologist Gary Marx, one of the few
 authorities on surveillance. "The Justice
 Department just wants to know about crime
 control. It's bucks for cops." In fact, Justice money
 is lavished, not on research but on surveillance
 hardware.  In this investigative void, a plucky new industry has
 sprung up. Sales of security cameras alone will
 total an estimated $5.7 billion by 2002. Cameras
 are now an integral part of new construction, along
 with sprinklers and smoke detectors. But the
 strongest sign that monitoring has gone mainstream
 is the plan by a security trade association to
 incorporate surveillance into the MBA curriculum.  Budding businessmen are interested in cameras
 because they are a cheap way to control
 wandering merchandise and shield against liability.
 Fast-food chains like McDonald's protect
 themselves from litigious customers with hidden
 camerasthat can catch someone planting a rat tail in
 the McNuggets. Surveillance also helps managers
 track workers' productivity, not to mention
 paper-clip larceny and xerox abuse. Though most
 employers prefer to scan phone calls and count
 keystrokes, it's legal in New York (and all but
 three states) for bosses to place hidden cameras in
 locker rooms and even bathrooms.  A 1996 study of workplace monitoring calculates
 that, by the year 2000, at least 40 million American
 workers will be subject to reconnaissance;
 currently, 85 percent of them are women, because
 they are more likely to work in customer service
 and data entry, where monitoring is commonplace.
 But that's changing as white-shoe firms like J.P.
 Morganput cameras in the corridors.  Meanwhile, in the public sector, New York City
 transit workers can expect scrutiny for "suspected
 malingering and other misuse of sick leave [by]
 confidential investigators using video surveillance,"
 according to a confidential MTA memo. Though
 the police would need a warrant to gather such
 information, employers don't."When most
 Americans go to work in the morning," says Lewis
 Maltby of the ACLU, "they might as well be going
 to a foreign country, because they are equally
 beyond the reach of the Constitution."  New York is hardly the only spy city. More than
 60 American urban centers use closed-circuit
 television in public places. In Baltimore, police
 cameras guard downtown intersections. In San
 Francisco, tiny cameras have been purchased for
 every car of the subway system. In Los Angeles,
 the camera capital of America, some shopping
 malls have central surveillance towers, and to the
 north in Redwood City, the streets are lined with
 parabolic microphones. Even in rustic Waynesville,
 Ohio, the village manager is proud of the cameras
 that monitor the annual Sauerkraut Festival.  America is fast becoming what Gary Marx calls "a
 surveillance society," where the boundary between
 the private and the public dissolves in adigital haze.
 "The new surveillance goes beyond merely
 invading privacy . . . to making irrelevant many of
 the constraints that protected privacy," Marx
 writes in Undercover: Police Surveillance in
 America. For example, mass monitoring allows
 police to eliminate cumbersome court hearings and
 warrants. Immediately after a crime, cops check
 cameras in the vicinity that may have captured the
 perp on tape.  So, as surveillance expands, it has the effect of
 enlarging the reach of the police. Once it becomes
 possible to bank all these images, and to call them
 up by physical typology, it will be feasible to set up
 an electronic sentry system giving police access to
 every citizen's comings and goings.  This apparatus isn't limited to cameras. Recent
 mass-transit innovations, such as the MetroCard,
 are also potential surveillance devices. A
 MetroCard's magnetic strip stores the location of
 the turnstile where it was last swiped. In the future,
 Norman Siegel predicts, it will be possible for
 police to round up suspects using this data. E-Z
 Passes already monitor speeding, since they
 register the time when drivers enter
 tollbooths.Once transportation credits and bank
 accounts are linked in "smart cards" (as is now the
 case in Washington, D.C.), new surveillance vistas
 will open to marketers and G-men alike.  Already the FBI clamors for the means to monitor
 any cell-phone call. Meanwhile other government
 agencies are developing schemes of their own. The
 Department of Transportation has proposed a rule
 that would encode state drivers' licenses, allowing
 them to double as national identity cards.
 Europeans know all about internal passports, but
 not even the East German Stazi could observe the
 entire population at a keystroke. "What the secret
 police could only dream of," says privacy expert
 David Banisar, "is rapidly becoming a reality in the
 free world."  What's more, spy cams are getting smaller and
 cheaper all the time. "A lens that used to be 14
 inches long can now literally be the size of my
 fingernail," says Gregg Graison of the spy shop
 Qark. Such devices are designed to be hidden in
 everything from smoke detectors to neckties.
 Qark specializes in souping up stuffed animals for
 use in monitoring nannies. A favorite hiding place is
 Barney's foot.  These devices reflect the growing presence of
 military hardware in civilian life. The Defense
 Department's gifts to retail include night-vision
 lenses developed during the Vietnam War and now
 being used to track pedestrians on 14th Street. A
 hundred bucks at a computer store already buys
 face-recognition software that was classified six
 years ago, which means that stored images can be
 called up according to biometric fingerprints. "It's
 all about archiving," says John Jay College
 criminologist Robert McCrie. And in the digital
 age, the zip drive is the limit.  The template for storing and retrieving images is
 Citibank's futuristic monitoring center in Midtown
 (this reporter was asked not to reveal the location),
 where 84 PCs flash images in near-real time from
 every branch in the city and beyond. Every day
 over a quarter of a million metro New Yorkers
 pass under these lenses. When the bank upgrades
 to digital in the next year or so, each image will be
 recorded and archived for 45 days.  What alarms civil libertarians is that "no one knows
 what happens to the tapes once they are recorded,
 or what people are doing with them," as Norman
 Siegel says. In fact, mass surveillance has created a
 new kind of abuse. Last summer, a police sergeant
 in Brooklyn blew the whistle on her fellow officers
 for improper use of their cameras. "They were
 taking pictures of civilian women in the area," says
 the policewoman's attorney, Jeffrey Goldberg,
 "from breast shots to the backside."  But you don't need a badge to spy, as plaintiffs
 around the country are discovering:  At a Neiman-Marcus store in California, a
 female worker discovered a hidden camera in the
 ceiling of her changing room that was being
 monitored by male colleagues. At the Sheraton
 Boston Hotel, a union president invited a comrade
 to view a videotape of himself in his underwear.
 The hotel was monitoring its workers' changing
 rooms.  In Maryland, a 17-year-old lifeguard was
 videotaped changing into her bathing suit by her
 supervisor at the county swimming pool. Elsewhere
 in that state, a couple discovered that a neighbor
 had installed two cameras behind bathroom heating
 ducts and had monitored them for six months.  On Long Island, a couple discovered a pinhole
 camera watching the bedroom of their rented
 apartment. It had been planted by the owner. In
 Manhattan, a landlord taped a tenant having sex
 with his girlfriend in the hallway, and presented it
 along with a suggestion that the tenant vacate the
 premises. He did.  In this laissez-faire environment, whoever
 possesses your image is free to distribute it. And
 just as images of Bill Clinton leading a young
 woman into his private alcove ended up on Fox
 News, so can your most private moments if they
 are deemed newsworthy--as one Santa Monica
 woman learned to her horror when footage of her
 lying pinned inside a crashed car, begging to know
 if her children had died, ended up as infotainment.
 The paramedic, as it turns out, was wired.  The harvest from hidden cameras can also end up
 on the Internet, via the many Web sites that offer
 pics of women caught unaware. There are hidden
 toilet cams, gynocams, and even the intrepid
 dildocam. Though some of these images are clearly
 staged, others are real.Their popularity suggests
 that whatever the rationale, surveillance cameras
 resonate with our desire to gaze and be gazed
 upon. As J.G. Ballard, author of the sci-fi classic
 Crash, putsit, these candid-camera moments "plug
 into us like piglets into a sow's teat, raising the
 significance of the commonplace to almost
 planetary dimensions. In their gaze, we expose
 everything and reveal nothing." But exposure can
 be a means to an end. "Once the new surveillance
 systems become institutionalized and taken for
 granted in a democratic society," warns Gary
 Marx, they can be "used against those with the
 'wrong' political beliefs; against racial, ethnic, or
 religious minorities; and against those with lifestyles
 that offend the majority."  Earlier this month, New York police taped large
 portions of the Million Youth March in Harlem.In
 the ensuing furor over whether the tapes accurately
 portrayed the police response to a rowdy activist,
 a more basic issue went unaddressed. Social
 psychologists say that taping political events can
 affect a participant's self-image, since being
 surveilled is unconsciously associated with
 criminality. Ordinary citizens shy away from politics
 when they see activists subjected to scrutiny. As
 this footage is splayed across the nightly news,
 everyone gets the meta-message: hang with
 dissenters and you'll end up in a police video.  But even ordinary life is altered by surveillance
 creep. Once cameras reach a critical mass, they
 create what the sociologist Erving Goffman called,
 "a total institution," instilling barely perceptible
 feelings of self-consciousness. This process
 operates below the surface of everyday
 awareness, gradually eroding the anonymity people
 expect in cities. Deprived of public privacy, most
 people behave in ways that make them
 indistinguishable: you're less likely to kiss on a park
 bench if you know it will be on film. Over the long
 run, mass monitoring works like peer pressure,
 breeding conformity without seeming to.  Communications professor Carl Botan
 documented these effects in a 1996 study of
 workplace surveillance. Employees who knew they
 were being surveilled reported higher levels of
 uncertainty than their co-workers: they were more
 distrustful of bosses, their self-esteem suffered, and
 they became less likely to communicate. The result
 was "a distressed work force."  The anxiety of being watched by an unseen eye is
 so acute that the 18th-century philosopher Jeremy
 Bentham made it the basis of his plan for a humane
 prison, in which inmates were to be controlled by
 the knowledge that they might be under
 observation. Bentham called this instrument of
 ambiguity the Panopticon.  Ever since then, the power of the watcher over the
 watched has been a focal point of thinking about
 social control. The philosopher Michel Foucault
 regarded the panoptic force as an organizing
 feature of complex societies. Surveillance, Foucault
 concluded, is the modern way of achieving social
 coherence--but at a heavy cost to individuality.
 Spycams are the latest incarnation of this impulse.
 Welcome to the New Improved
 Panopticon.Twenty-five years ago, Mayor John V.
 Lindsay installed cameras in Times Square. But he
 took them down after 18 months because they
 only led to 10 arrests--causing The New York
 Times to call this experiment "the longest-running
 flop on the Great White Way." No such ridicule
 has greeted Giuliani's far more ambitious
 surveillance plans and his cheeky assertion that
 "you don't have an expectation of privacy in public
 spaces."  It's a brave new world, but very different from the
 ones imagined by Aldous Huxley and George
 Orwell. Nineteen Eighty Four taught us to be
 alert to the black-booted tyrant. The Truman
 Show updates this Orwellian model as the saga of
 an ordinary man whose life is controlled by an
 omniscient "creator," a TV producer who orders
 the 5000 cameras surrounding his star to zoom in
 or pull back for the perfect shot.  As inheritors of Orwell's vision, we are unable to
 grasp the soft tyranny of today's surveillance
 society, where authority is so diffuse it's
 discreet.There is no Big Brother in Spycam City.
 Only thousands of watchers--a ragtag army as
 likely to include your neighbor as your boss or the
 police. In 1998, anybody could be watching you.  This is the first of a three-part series.  Part Two: Behold Jennifer, the Surveillance
 Celebrity  Additional reporting: Emily Wax. Research:
 Michael Kolber To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:38:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: New Surveillance Face Mapping System 
Source:  The London Independent
U.K. Section
New spy system to 'map' suspects By Jason Bennetto, Crimes Correspondent A REVOLUTIONARY surveillance system that
allows the police to automatically identify the
faces of wanted criminals and suspects in seconds
is to be tested on the streets of Britain for the first
time. The "facial mapping" computer will be used to
catch muggers, burglars and shoplifters, but it is
expected to be extended to target other cases
including wanted killers, terrorists and missing
children. The Football Association is also
interested in using the technology to help pick out
known hooligans at matches. The system, known as Mandrake, is to be tested
by Scotland Yard and Newham borough council
in a six-month trial in east London, starting next
week. A computer data base of faces of offenders will
be compared with film taken by local authority
surveillance cameras in shopping centres, streets
and housing estates. The computer automatically
"matches" the faces of suspects and triggers an
alarm, warning the operator who then contacts
the police. More than 1,000 images can be examined per
second. It automatically ignores beards and
moustaches so offenders cannot hide under
disguises. Photo-fit images can also be included on the data
base but tests show they are less accurate than
photographs. The system was criticised yesterday by the civil
rights organisation Liberty, which said it could fall
foul of human rights and data protection
legislation. However the developers of Mandrake, the police
and local councils, believe the system could
revolutionise CCTV and, if it proves successful, is
likely to be used nation-wide. Facial recognition systems are already used in
Texas to stop sham marriages and on the
Mexican border to prevent illegal immigration. Under the trial, Scotland Yard is providing
dozens of photographs of wanted offenders, often
taken by surveillance cameras in shops and
banks. It will also supply pictures of convicted
criminals, mostly for offences such as street
robbery, burglary, and repeat shoplifting. The images will be placed on the computer which
measures dozens of key facial characteristics,
such as the eye shape and size. The computer
then scans all the faces picked out on CCTV and
will sound an alarm if it makes a match. The picture of suspect and the person they
supposedly resemble then automatically appear
on the CCTV operator's screen along with a
secret code number. The police are then sent the
pictures and the number via computer. The product, which has been developed by
Software and Systems International in Slough,
west of London, can be used to catch criminals
on the run or missing persons. More
controversially, it can also be used to track
suspects who the police believe may commit
offences. In future the police, customs, and immigration
officers could use it at ports to identify known
terrorists, smugglers and other criminals
attempting to enter the country. A Scotland Yard spokesman said the system had
an 80 per cent "hit" rate. On the question of civil
liberties, he argued: "If you are innocent you have
nothing to worry about." It has been tested at
Watford football ground, but the poor quality of
the surveillance equipment made it difficult for the
computer to make matches. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:40:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: SOROS: Must have economic "third way" 
Source:  The London Independent
U.K. Section
Soros calls for new cash restraints
GEORGE SOROS, one of the world's leading
financiers, launched a scathing attack yesterday
on governments and bankers alike for causing a
financial crisis so severe that it could topple the
world's economic system. "I am very concerned because it will lead to
basically the breakdown of the global capitalist
system," he said. Coming from a pre-eminent global capitalist, his
words are all the more striking because he
advises new restraints on the movement of
international cash. He spoke as the annual meetings of the
International Monetary Fund and the World Bank
wrestled with a financial crisis that has wrecked
Asia and Russia and now threatens Latin
America. Mr Soros, in his speech and in a book to be
published next month, attacks free marketeers -
or "market fundmentalists," as he calls them - for
weakening the world financial system,
impoverishing developing countries and
threatening democracy itself. Governments have botched their efforts to tackle
the crisis. "The authorities have failed to control
the situation," he said. "The G7 or the G whatever
should have been shut into a room and hammered
this out." Mr Soros said that in the future, limits would have
to be put on the global casino to prevent it from
destabilising states and societies. "Some restraints on capital movements would
have been very useful to protect countries against
the onslaught of the wrecking ball," he said. "The free movement of capital, totally free flow, is
not advisable." Mr Soros is chairman of Soros Fund
Management, a leading financier who speculated
against the pound - and won handsomely - in
1992. But he has become increasingly convinced
that pure capitalism is just as dangerous to the
world as communism, and has become a leading
advocate of an economic third way. "We have been living with and basing ourselves
on a false model of how financial markets
operate," he said. Markets are capable of tipping into instability so
severe that it threatens the roots of democracy
itself. "It is market fundamentalism that has rendered the
global capitalist system unsound and
unsustainable," he writes in his book The Crisis of
Global Capitalism, a section of which was
released yesterday. So great had financial instability become that
"market fundamentalism is today a greater threat
to open society than totalitarian ideology", said
Mr Soros, who grew up under first Nazi, then
Communist rule in Hungary. "Market forces, if they are given complete
authority even in the purely economic and
financial arenas, will produce chaos and could
ultimately lead to the downfall of the global
democratic capitalist system." The impact had been particularly hard on
developing nations forced to follow the course set
by western institutions and banks, he said. "Conditions have tilted too far towards the
countries at the centre of capitalist system to the
detriment of countries at the periphery. These
conditions are unsustainable." The only way to recover from the present crisis
was to organise flows of capital back into the
developing countries, he argued, but so far the
IMF and western governments had been unwilling
to meet this challenge. City staff braced for tidal wave of sackings
as banks cut back Morale among City high-flyers has reached rock
bottom as they brace themselves for a wave of
redundancies over the coming weeks as a result
of the global financial crisis. Although redundancies have now, so far, been
limited, the fear of real collapse and a return to
the austerity of the early 1990's when blue chip
firms like Goldman Sachs were laying off staff by
the thousand, means conspicuous consumption
and optimism are becoming a thing of the past. The latest to feel the chill are staff at Warburg
Dillon Reed, one of the City's top securities firms
who are braced for substantial lay-offs in the
wake of last week's disclosures that the bank's
Swiss parent has suffered serious losses from its
investment in high risk hedge-funds. Insiders say that Warburg's 4,500 London-based
staff expect announcements detailing cutbacks
later this week. The latest quarterly survey of the UK Financial
Services industry by the Confederation of British
Industry and consultants
PricewaterhouseCoopers yesterday showed
business confidence among financial sector firms
falling to its lowest for eight years. Firms which have already announced lay-offs
since this present bout of turmoil hit financial
markets include ING Barings, Robert Fleming
and Japanese firms Daiwa and Nikko. One of the larger firms Merrill Lynch has already
cancelled its Christmas Party and ordered staff to
cut back on overseas travel, entertainment and
the use of mobile phones in an attempt to save
150m this year. The firm lent billions to high risk
hedge funds. Jobs cuts are expected to follow. It is widely feared that at least one big
international bank could go under because of
losses to these highly speculative investment
operations despite last month's 2.4bn bail-out of
Long-Term Capital Management by a consortium
of big international banks. With nervous investors sitting on their hands,
traders have had more time to spend in City
drinking haunts to drown sorrows and swap
tidbits about the latest bank to hit trouble. The cutbacks are likely to be even more painful
this time round because of the speed with which
this crisis has hit. Many firms were still out there
trying to recruit until late into August, pushing up
salaries for some categories of staff to
stratospheric levels. Now those expansion plans have gone on hold.
Prestige office developments in the Square Mile
are being shelved as demand for space has
vanished overnight. "First to rise, first to go," said Joseph Toots, a
stockbroker, sipping a glass of zinfandel in a
Broadgate winebar. "My job may be a trifle
insecure at the moment, but who knows, lets wait
until Christmas." Mr Toots knows his bonus
which last year was "definitely six figure", will be
minimal this time around. "Good thing I bought my
house outright," he said. But it is not just sports car dealers and Dom
Perignon stockists who are monitoring the
situation with gloomy eyes. The downturn in the City is hitting at a time when
High Street shops are already deserted as a result
of the huge rise in the cost of borrowing since last
year. Contrary to common perception the City is not
the place where everybody earns a half million
pound bonus; many thirty-somethings are pushing
themselves to the limit, earning what sound like fat
salaries until you hear their commitments. It is
these middle-class, high-income people, whose
wealth is more a prospect than a reality who may
be hit the hardest. "We are going to have to have a serious rethink
about everything," said Julia, a consultant. She
says she and her husband are delaying the day
when they will have to sit down and face financial
reality. "We earn almost 100,000 between us, but with
the mortgage and the school and the nursery fees
(they have three small children) we're not going to
survive like this." She says she was depending on her share
portfolio to cover the mortgage on their three
bedroom terraced house in Islington and it doesn't
anymore. "The house may have to be sold," she
says, "and god knows how we will afford the
school fees." It may sound like a yuppie problem, but smaller
things have been known to drive people into
domestic conflict. Isobel Thacker, a banker, said the same problem
has just made her cancel plans to move house. "I
can't afford to move anymore, we're all staying
put," she said. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:40:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Did EU Scuttle Echelon Debate? 
Source:  Wired
 Did EU Scuttle Echelon Debate?
 By Niall McKay  5:15 p.m.5.Oct.98.PDT
 The European Parliament has swept aside
 concerns about alleged surveillance and spying
 activities conducted in the region by the US
 government, a representative for Europe's Green
 Party said Monday.  Specifically, the EU allegedly scuttled
 parliamentary debate late last month concerning
 the Echelon surveillance system. Echelon is a
 near-mythical intelligence network operated in
 part by the National Security Agency.  "The whole discussion was completely brushed
 over," Green Party member of European
 Parliament Patricia McKenna said.  The US government has refused even to
 acknowledge Echelon's existence. But since
 1988, investigative journalists and privacy
 watchdogs have uncovered details of a secret,
 powerful system that can allegedly intercept any
 and all communications within Europe.  According to scores of reports online and in
 newspapers, Echelon can intercept, record, and
 translate any electronic communication --
 telephone, data, cellular, fax, email, telex -- sent
 anywhere in the world.  The alleged system has only recently come
 under the scrutiny of the European Parliament,
 which has grown concerned about EU
 government and private sector secrets falling into
 US hands.  The debate fizzled mysteriously, said McKenna,
 who suggested that the Parliament is reluctant
 to probe the matter fully for fear of jeopardizing
 relations between the EU and the United States.
 "Basically they didn't want to rock the boat," she
 said.  Furthermore, she said the debate was held two
 days ahead of schedule, hindering preparations
 for the discussion by European Members of
 Parliament.  While the NSA has never officially recognized
 Echelon's existence, it has been the subject of
 heated debates in Europe following a preliminary
 report by the Scientific and Technical Options
 Assessment, a committee advising the
 parliament on technical matters.  On 19 September, the Parliament debated both
 the EU's relationship with the United States and
 the existence and uses of Echelon.  The Green Party believes the resolution to defer
 its decision on Echelon, pending further
 investigation, was influenced by pressure from
 the US government, which has tried to keep the
 system secret.  Glyn Ford, a member of the European
 Parliament for the British Labor Party and a
 director of STOA, missed the debate because of
 the schedule change but does not share the
 Green Party's view.  "There is not enough information on Echelon,
 beyond its existence, to debate the matter fully,"
 said Ford.  According to Ford, the Omega Foundation, a
 British human rights organization, compiled the
 first report on Echelon for the Parliament
 committee.  "It is very likely that Omega will be
 commissioned again," Ford said. "But this time I
 believe the EU will require direct input from the
 NSA."  Simon Davies, the director of the privacy
 watchdog group Privacy International sees the
 debate as a major civil rights victory.  "It's unheard of for a parliament to openly debate
 national security issues," said Davies. "This
 debate fires a warning shot across the bows of
 the NSA."  Echelon is said to be principally operated by the
 National Security Agency and its UK equivalent,
 the Government Communications Headquarters.
 It reportedly also relies on cooperation with other
 intelligence agencies in Canada, Australia, and
 New Zealand.  "These spy systems were seen as a necessary
 part of international security during the cold
 war," said Ford. "But there is no military reason
 for spying on Russia now unless they (NSA)
 want to listen to the sound of the proto-capitalist
 economy collapsing." To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-06 13:41:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Fwd: [Spooks] CIA needs spies. Care to join? 
Bob Margolis
Help Wanted     The blonde - a cross between TV's ``La Femme Nikita'' and a  Washington lawyer - grins knowingly out of the glossy pages of an international news magazine.    ``Do you have what it takes?'' asks the bold advertising line just  over her shoulder, paid for by the Directorate of Operations (DO), the clandestine service of the Central Intelligence Agency.    ``Did you see that one?'' CIA Director George Tenet asks  enthusiastically of the ad. ``We worked on another one that says, 'If you ever liked taking apart your radio and putting it back together, we might have a job for you.'''    Blame the tight labor market, budget cuts, or low morale fueled by  post-cold-war mission confusion, but the ad in London's The Economist illustrates an acute problem the CIA no longer wants to keep secret: It's fast running out of spies.    To counter the flight of experienced operatives trained in  skullduggery, the agency has embarked on the most aggressive recruiting drive in its five-decade history. If it can't bolster the number of case officers, experts say, the CIA runs the risk of being caught flat-footed, as with India's nuclear tests this spring, which caught the agency - and thus the United States - unawares.    ``We anticipate the current program will rebuild the  operations-officer cadre by more than 30 percent over the next seven years,'' says CIA spokeswoman Anya Guilsher. Augmenting a national media campaign is the college-campus recruitment program that has been under way for years.    But while the agency used to actively recruit at 120 colleges, it  is now concentrating its efforts at half that number, pinpointing universities with strong computer and technical programs and those with large numbers of minorities.    In addition to the fresh crop of college graduates, the worldly  wise are also encouraged to apply.    ``We are also looking for people with international experience,  languages, business experience. You are not necessarily going to get someone like that right out of college,'' says Ms. Guilsher. Congress is pumping a classified amount of money into the recruitment effort.    The DO began experiencing sharp losses in personnel nearly seven  years ago, after the fall of the Soviet Union. By last year, the number of people leaving the agency exceeded fresh recruits by 3 or 4 to 1.    Insiders cite a number of reasons for the departures, including  overall mission drift and the way the CIA has handled spy scandals, including mole Aldrich Ames, who funneled secrets to Moscow from 1985 until his arrest in 1994.    Such demoralizing headlines underscore the agency's need for fresh  recruits as Tenet seeks to reform the CIA. The current hiring drive was already in the planning stages when the CIA's failure to detect India's nuclear tests last spring solidified recruiting resolve from Capitol Hill to the CIA's suburban headquarters in McLean, Va.    ``If you had the right number of people in the field doing the  right thing, the failure wouldn't have occurred,'' says a congressional source familiar with agency operations.    Intelligence observers estimate total agency employees at just over  16,000. One estimate places the total number of case workers in the field at less than 1,000. ``My guess is most Americans would overguess by 10- to 20-fold the numbers out there spying [for the CIA],'' the source says.    It'S not just the manner in which the recruitment calls are sounded  that is changing.    The agency is also overhauling the way it handles would-be spies.  In the past, applicants could expect to wait more than a year and a half as their application crawled through the hiring bureaucracy.    In today's tight labor market, many applicants were simply walking  away, signing on to higher-paying jobs in the private sector.    Today, a CIA contact is assigned to answer applicants' questions,  and the agency claims the hiring period has been compressed to six to eight months. ``We're overhauling our entire recruitment system,'' says Tenet.    Still, the agency is constricted by government pay scales -  starting pay for a professional trainee is $30,000, about $5,000 less than what the average college graduate received this year.    What a CIA job can provide is the cachet of being a CIA agent - the  lure of being in the know on world affairs. The agency also recruits using a rarely discussed theme these days: patriotism.    ``Patriotism is not a word used much anymore ... but there are  still people who learn about the CIA's mission and understand that it really does have an important purpose and function and want to work in the agency,'' says Ronald Kessler, author of ``Inside the CIA.''    Once in, today's trainees receive a more intensive, highly  technical education than in the past. ``You can't collect [intelligence] in rocket science if you don't know about rocket science,'' says a congressional source. Today, a case officer in the field receives an average of one to three years of training.    Part of the need for greater numbers is sparked by the reopening of  an undisclosed number of stations in former East Bloc countries, which were closed in the early 1990s.    The CIA says the reopenings are not necessarily to spy on former  cold-war adversaries, but rather to monitor a region now transformed into a crossroads for weapons for hire.
Submissions should be sent to spooks
To unsubscribe, send "unsubscribe spooks" to majordomo
Black Helicopters on the Horizon:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:50:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.24: Privacy Campaign Plods Ahead 
ISPI Clips 5.24: Privacy Campaign Plods Ahead
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Thursday October 8, 1998
This From: WIRED News, Wednesday October 7, 1998
Privacy Campaign Plods Ahead
Niall McKay, niall
In the wake of a costly ad campaign designed to raise consumer awareness
about the cryptography debate in Washington, a coalition of Internet
industry companies, privacy activists, and elected officials will turn to
letter writing.
The Americans for Computer Privacy [  ] said
Wednesday that the group will send a barrage of missives to the government.
One letter will target every member of Congress and stress the need to
build on recent government policy relaxing encryption restrictions with
"solid legislation."
The group will also call on Vice President Al Gore "to make sure that the
good fight to protect American privacy is regulated."
Americans for Computer Privacy has been waging a public campaign to educate
consumers about the complex crypto issue, in an effort to get grassroots
support behind their drive to liberalize the federal government's
encryption policy.
In July, the group launched a TV and Internet advertising campaign designed
to educate consumers about the need for privacy. The campaign was created
by the public-policy advertising firm Goddard-Claussen, best known for its
"Harry & Louise" commercials. That high-profile series featured a yuppie
couple and aimed to undercut the Clinton administration's health-care
reform initiative.
The current campaign by the Americans for Computer Privacy is reportedly
being closely watched by the FBI and other intelligence agencies. At this
point, it is unclear to what degree the campaign has altered the course of
In its latest lobbying effort, the group will urge both the White House and
Congress to reconsider legislation that would ease export restrictions on
strong encryption and ban the imposition of mandatory key-recovery features
in software sold in the United States.
The legislation in question includes such bills as the "E-Privacy Act" (S.
2067), the "Security and Freedom Through Encryption Act" (SAFE, HR 695),
and "The Secure Public Networks Act" (S. 909).
The letters are backed by an unusual alliance of Republican and Democrats
including members of congress Bob Goodlatte, (R-Virginia), Rick White
(R-Washington), Zoe Lofgren (D-California) and Samuel Gejdenson
(D-Connecticut), as well as Senators John Ashcroft (R-Missouri), Conrad
Burns (R-Montana), and Ron Wyden (D-Oregon).
Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:49:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.25: TRUSTe Brings Privacy Home 
ISPI Clips 5.25: TRUSTe Brings Privacy Home
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Thursday October 8, 1998
This From: WIRED News, October 7, 1998
TRUSTe Brings Privacy Home
James Glave, james
9:05 a.m.  7.Oct.98.PDT
The major Web indexing firms have banded together with Web privacy group
TRUSTe [  ] to launch a national advertising campaign
aimed at educating consumers about online privacy issues.
The campaign, known as Privacy Partnership, will rely on donated banner
ads, distributed across the Net. Microsoft, for example, said it will
donate 20 million banner impressions, or individual viewings, on its
MSN.com service.
Microsoft (MSFT) described Privacy Partnership as a "grassroots campaign,"
but there is nothing small-time about the lineup of Web content and
indexing firms involved. Besides Redmond, AOL (AOL), Excite (XCIT),
Infoseek (SEEK), Lycos (LCOS), Netscape (NSCP), Snap, and Yahoo (YHOO) are
all on board. Lycos is the parent company of Wired Digital, owner of Wired
The Internet advertisements, explaining the importance of protecting
personal data online, will run between 12 and 31 October. All told, the
companies will contribute more than 150 million online advertising
impressions, worth more than US$3 million, in the form of banners and
messages on their Web sites. The campaign is expected to reach about 90
percent of all Internet users in the United States.
"Microsoft's commitment to online privacy is related to our ongoing vision
of empowering the individual to do more through the PC," said Bob Herbold,
Microsoft executive vice president and CEO, in a statement.
The publicity push is designed to bring the Internet privacy debate home to
middle America. The program will bring consumers into a conversation that
has so far been a terse exchange between the Internet industry, which wants
to regulate itself, and government, which is threatening to pass
consumer-protection laws.
"We want to be the first people to ask, 'Why doesn't government work with
business and work with consumers?'" said a source with TRUSTe.
The Federal Trade Commission has cracked down on the Internet industry for
what it claims is a failure to respect personal information relative to
consumers. In August, the commission punished GeoCities for allowing
personal customer information to fall into untrustworthy hands.
The FTC has given the industry until the end of this year to prove that
it's serious about protecting consumer privacy. If that doesn't happen, it
will recommend congress pass laws to do it for them.
A recent survey
[  ] found that
more than 40 countries have enacted, or plan to enact, consumer
data-protection laws.
TRUSTe is leading the charge to stop the United States from doing the same
thing. The nonprofit industry group runs a program that awards a TRUSTe
seal to Web sites that respect and preserve individual privacy.
"The average citizen... [has] no idea they can't participate in self
regulation," said the TRUSTe source. "If we don't do these things, then
government will fail and self-regulation will fail.
"In the privacy arena, what is really critical is that this is all moving
really fast. The industry is collecting data faster than anyone can stop
them. We want the government to put in the principles so that privacy
doesn't become for the information age what the environment was to the
industrial age."
One Web-privacy advocate agreed, but said that a consumer-education
campaign is a distraction that allows the big Internet companies to shirk
their responsibilities.
"Focusing on 'consumer education' is an attempt to shift responsibility
back on the victim, which makes little sense when those people have so
little technical and legal power to protect their own interests," said
Jason Catlett, president of JunkBusters.
"Detroit tried the same PR trick in the '60s, because telling people that
they should drive more carefully was cheaper than being required to
engineer safer cars and to take responsibility for the numbers of people
that were getting killed," Catlett said.
"How many more horror stories must we read before consumers will get more
than 'You should have chosen better companies' for an answer?"
Last week, the accounting firm of Ernst & Young told Wired News that it had
signed on as a TRUSTe sponsor, and plans to work closely with the group to
establish an e-commerce assurance program.
Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:50:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.26: Coalition Announces Intiative for Online Privacy 
ISPI Clips 5.26: Coalition Announces Initiative for Online Privacy
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Thursday October 8, 1998
This From: The New York Times (Cybertimes), October 7, 1998
Coalition Announces Initiative for Online Privacy
JERI CLAUSING, jeri
ASHINGTON -- A coalition of major Internet companies on Wednesday unveiled
a sweeping online advertising campaign to teach consumers and Web sites
operators how to protect personal privacy on the Internet.
The initiative, which is being launched with the equivalent of $4 million
in Internet advertising banner commitments, was described as a huge
grassroots consumer education program that is expected to reach 9 of every
10 Internet users.
Called the Privacy Partnership [  ], the
campaign was started by TrustE [  ], an independent,
nonprofit organization dedicated to building trust in the Internet, and
eight major Internet gateways, including America Online, Yahoo!, Excite,
Infoseek, Lycos, Microsoft, Netscape and Snap.
A number of other companies have since joined, and any Web site operator
can download a banner ad that has links to a privacy Web site.
"The Internet is medium for communications and commerce, but users' anxiety
and uncertainty about sharing personal information are preventing people
from taking advantage of the Internet's full potential, " said Susan Scott,
executive director of TrustE."
The announcement comes at a time when companies are working to prove to
federal lawmakers and regulators that they can establish an effective a
voluntary framework to control the use of personal information collected
online. Many of the companies involved in the new partnership are also
members of the Online Privacy Alliance, which has drafted guidelines
 ] and an enforcement plan for companies to
follow when collecting personal information from consumers on the Internet.
The Clinton Administration, which has taken a hands-off approach to
Internet regulation, supports self-regulation of privacy policies. But the
Federal Trade Commission, which earlier this year released a survey of that
painted a dismal picture of the state of privacy protections online, has
recommended that Congress pass a bill to protect children from online
marketers, and that protections be extended to all consumers if
self-regulation has not made significant progress by January.
On Tuesday, groups pushing for strong privacy laws released a study showing
that nearly all industrialized countries have either adopted or are in the
process of adopting comprehensive privacy laws. The report by the Global
Internet Liberty Campaign, an international coalition of civil rights
groups [  ], found that countries are adopting these
laws in many cases to address past governmental abuses, such as in former
Eastern Bloc countries; to promote electronic commerce, or to ensure
compatibility with international standards developed by the European Union,
the Council of Europe, and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
"This report shows that there is substantial international support for
privacy protection," said David Banisar, policy director of the Electronic
Privacy Information Center in Washington, D.C., and one of the authors of
the report.
His co-author, Simon Davies, director general of Privacy International,
said, "The United States risks isolating itself from worldwide electronic
commerce with its opposition to adequate and enforceable privacy rights."
On Oct. 25, an European Union directive takes effect that is expected to
toughen national laws of 15 European governments whose privacy standards
are already more stringent than those of the United. The European laws
require that corporations get people's permission before collecting
demographic or marketing information about them. Without strong national
standards in the United States, Banisar said many companies may find
themselves unable to engage in electronic commerce in Europe.
Clinton Administration officials, however, have for months been working
with the European Union trying to convince European officials that the
standards voluntarily being enacted by American companies are sufficient.
And President Clinton's top Internet adviser, Ira C. Magaziner, insists
current efforts by industry will be acceptable.
"Things are moving along well now with self-regulation," Magaziner said
Tuesday. "We still need to see fully implemented results, but I think those
who advocate legislation assume that just as soon as you pass a law
everything is fine. Laws still have to be implemented and enforced. And we
question the effectiveness of enforcement of some of those laws. If
self-regulation works as we are hoping and expect, it will still be the
most effective way."
The Privacy Partnership advertising blitz begins Oct. 12 and will run
through Oct. 31. The campaign will use banner ads with links to a welcome
message from the Privacy Partnership. That message has two links. One takes
people to a TrustE site with information about how consumers can protect
their privacy online. The other will allow Web site operators to join the
Privacy Partnership by downloading the campaign's banner ads. It will also
provide Web site operators with more information on privacy principles and
tools to generate a privacy statement.
"For trust to be engendered on the Internet, companies must clearly state
what personal information they are collecting, how the information will be
used, and the choices available to the individual regarding the collection,
use and distribution of that information," Scott said.
"If we can alleviate consumer anxiety about what happens to their data.
Then everybody will do well."
Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:47:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: House Passes Roving Wiretaps, Expanding Federal Surveillance Powers 
Source:  Center for Democracy and Technology
House Passes Roving Wiretaps, Expanding Federal Surveillance Powers  October 7, 1998 In a closed-door manuever, controversial "roving wiretap" provisions have
been added to a major Intelligence authorization bill and passed by the
House. Current wiretapping law allows tapping of a particular person's
phones. The new provisions would dramatically expand current authority by
allowing taps on any phone used by, or "proximate" to, the person being
tapped +IBQ- no matter whose phone it is. Such a broad law invites abuse. In the last Congress, the full House of Representatives rejected these
provisions after an open and vigorous debate. This week, behind closed
doors, a conference committee added the provisions to the important
Intelligence Authorization Conference Report, almost certain to pass the
Congress. The provisions were not in either the original House or Senate
versions of the bill. CDT is particularly concerned that such an expansion
of federal authority should take place without a public debate. "Roving Wiretaps" Language added to H.R. 3694, the Intelligence
Authorization Conference Report. SEC. 604. WIRE AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS INTERCEPTION REQUIREMENTS. (a) In General.  Section 2518(11)(b) of title 18, United States Code, is
amended - (1) in clause (ii), by striking ``of a purpose'' and all that follows
through the end of such clause and inserting ``that there is probable cause to believe that
the person's actions could have the effect of thwarting interception from a
specified facility;''; (2) in clause (iii), by striking ``such purpose'' and all that follows
through the end of such clause and inserting ``such showing has been adequately made;
and''; and (3) by adding at the end the following clause: ``(iv) the order authorizing or approving the interception is limited to interception only for such time as it is reasonable to presume that the
person identified in the application is or was reasonably proximate to the
instrument through which such communication will be or was transmitted.''. (b) Conforming Amendments.Section 2518(12) of title 18, United States Code,
is amended - (1) by inserting ``(a)'' after ``by reason of subsection (11)''; (2) by striking ``the facilities from which, or''; and (3) by striking the comma following ``where''.  Other CALEA Issues The Center For Democracy And Technology 1634 Eye Street NW, Suite 1100  Washington, DC 20006  (v) .202.637.9800 (f) .202.637.0968 info To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:50:46
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Cashless CompuBank Launches Today Nationwide 
VIRTUAL BANK
CompuBank, the first virtual US bank to receive a charter from the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency and approval from the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, launches today in all US states. It has no physical
branches. As well as the usual bank services, features include real-time
access to accounts 24 hours a day, viewable transaction history for the
last year, and online wire transfers. See   To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:47:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Neural Computer to Rival Brain??? 
Source:  The Economist
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY Semiconductors - Silicon smarts BRAINS and computers are very different things.
Brains consist of a trillion or so tiny elements, called
neurons, which are individually dumb but collectively,
thanks to the thousand trillion connections between
them, very powerful. Most computers, on the other
hand, depend on a single, complex component-a
microprocessor-to get things done. Even the most
advanced supercomputers, with hundreds or even
thousands of connected microprocessors, cannot
match the compactness or connection density of the
human brain. Two new chip-making techniques being developed at
Irvine Sensors Corporation (ISC) in Costa Mesa,
California, could be significant steps in the
long-running effort to make more brain-like
computers. Researchers at ISC have found a way to
pack silicon chips extremely tightly together and,
better still, to make large numbers of connections
between them. Their technique layers silicon chips on top of each
other, cramming 50 chips into the space normally
occupied by just one. This is done by grinding away
the underside of the silicon wafer on which the chip
circuitry is built-a thick, non-functional platform that
can be removed without affecting the chip's
operation. The result is a paper-thin but fully
functional chip, which can be stacked and bonded
with other chips to form a single unit. The chips are
wired together via connectors along their edges, and
the whole sandwich is embedded in epoxy resin. This space-saving technique is already being used
commercially in a four-layer memory chip that packs
128 megabits of data into an amazingly small
one-centimetre-square package. Earlier this year, ISC
won a $1.3m military contract from Boeing to build a
wearable, voice-activated computer the size of a
pack of cards. But while such stacking wizardry means computers
can be smaller, it does not make them more
brain-like. At present, the nearest approximation to a
silicon brain involves making electronic circuits that
behave like neurons, and connecting them up in small
networks. Such "artificial neural networks" can be
used for everything from image recognition to credit
scoring, but their size and complexity-and so their
deductive power-is limited. This is because it is only possible to fit a certain
number of silicon neurons on to a single chip; and
there is a limit to the number of connections that can
be made between adjacent neural chips. Researchers
would like to be able to build networks that are
larger and more densely connected-in short, more
brain-like. ISC's second technology should let them
do this, by allowing direct vertical connections to be
made anywhere on the adjoining surfaces of adjacent
chips in a stack. To achieve this, half of a special component called a
three-dimensional field-effect transistor, or 3DFET, is
constructed at the site of each connection, as part of
the usual chip-making process. When the chips are
stacked, the two halves of each 3DFET fit together,
allowing signals to pass up and down from one chip
to the other. A prototype 3DFET, developed with
financing from the US army's ballistic missile defence
organisation, has already been made and tested. With
new funding, ISC hopes to make a chip-stack
connected using 3DFETs within 18 months. After that, says ISC's chief technical officer, John
Carson, the long-term goal is to stack 1,000 neural
chips in a single cube. This would involve thinning
each chip down to less than the thickness of a human
hair. Already, ISC has produced a prototype that is
almost this thin. If ISC can squeeze a million silicon neurons on to each
chip, and pack a thousand chips into a one-inch
neural cube, the arithmetic starts to get interesting. A
thousand such cubes, which could fit in a shoebox,
would contain a trillion neurons, and a hundred trillion
connections. That would still not match the
connectivity of human grey matter. But it would be
the most brain-like computer ever made. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:47:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Borderless World Talks, E-commerce 
BORDERLESS WORLD TALKS
     The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development is holding a
Borderless World ministerial conference in Ottawa this week, in which reps
of the 29 member countries discuss various Internet and e-commerce issues,
especially regulation, taxation and privacy. See
  To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-09 05:55:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: White House Accused of Data Theft 
Source:  Washington Post
White House Accused of Data Theft By John Solomon
Associated Press Writer
Wednesday, October 7, 1998; 7:42 p.m. EDT
WASHINGTON (AP) -- A Republican-led House subcommittee
accused President Clinton and the White House of ``theft of government
property'' Wednesday in transferring data to the Democratic Party for
fund-raising purposes. Seeking to gain the attention of impeachment investigators, a stinging
report written by Republican congressional staffers detailed evidence they
contend conflicts with some of the White House's earlier assertions about
the use of a $1.7 million taxpayer-financed database created inside the
executive mansion. ``The committee issues this report to expose the evidence of the
president's possible involvement in the theft of government property and
his abuse of power,'' said the report by the investigative subcommittee of
the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee. The report cites testimony from top Democratic fund-raisers who
acknowledged they got names and addresses from the White House
database on a regular basis and used them to solicit donations or plan
White House events for donors. ``Richard Sullivan, the DNC finance director, himself testified that he
obtained lists of attendance at White House CEO lunches and the White
House Economic Conference and that he used those lists to raise money,''
the report states. Originally, presidential aides insisted White House staff and the database
were used only for official purposes and none of it was misused for fund
raising. Federal law prohibits the use of government resources for fund
raising or other political or private purposes. Those who misuse such
resources can be charged with stealing government resources. White House officials said Wednesday the DNC was only authorized to
use its data for invitation lists, and if information was used for anything
that was inappropriate. ``This White House, like the Bush and Reagan White House, keeps
names and addresses of our supporters, and tries to ensure that they are
included in White House events,'' spokesman Barry Toiv said. Toiv charged the subcommittee report was ``irresponsible and deceptive
and highly partisan'' and excluded ``information that contradicts'' its
allegations. The report directly accused Clinton of knowing about and instigating the
misuse of federal resources for political purposes. Among the examples it cited were internal White House documents
indicating that the president instructed that information he obtained from
official White House e-mail or other sources be sent to his political
campaign. ``Quite frequently the president will ask that certain names and addresses
be added to the supporter file. ... Attached is a list of supporter file
information,'' a 1994 White House memo said, asking that the information
be forwarded to a separate campaign database Clinton instructed be built
in Arkansas. White House officials said there was nothing wrong with Clinton
forwarding to his campaign, for example, business cards he had received
at the White House and said there was no evidence he sent wholesale
portions of government data. The report also cites a document showing Clinton authorized a job
description for a top aide, Marsha Scott, that included a responsibility for
``insuring ... supporters were involved in fund-raising activities'' such
as the
controversial White House coffees. Presidential aides defended Scott's job description, noting political
appointees aren't forbidden by law from doing political work provided
they don't solicit donations. The subcommittee also referred White House deputy counsel Cheryl Mills
to the Justice Department for criminal investigation, alleging that in 1996
she located two subpoenaed documents suggesting that Clinton and his
wife, Hillary, sanctioned the use of the White House database for political
purposes but withheld them from the committee for months -- until after
the 1996 election. It also accused her of lying about aspects of the
database to the committee. Ms. Mills has said she did not believe the documents were responsive to
the subpoena when she first reviewed them and sought the advice of her
superiors who agreed. She denies any effort to mislead investigators. And
the top Democrat on the Government Reform committee wrote the Justice
Department saying he disagreed with the GOP referral, saying Ms. Mills
may have made a mistake but there was no evidence of willful obstruction.
The release of the report is part of a broader effort by Republicans in
Congress to make public information that they think should be considered
in the impeachment inquiry the House is set to approve Thursday. Rep. David McIntosh, R-Ind., said Wednesday it was ``premature'' to
predict whether his findings would be incorporated into the House
Judiciary Committee's impeachment investigation on the president's
relationship with Monica Lewinsky. ``This isn't about sex. This is about abusing his official privilege for
personal and political gain,'' McIntosh said. The inquiry into the database, which contained the names of individuals
who have contact with the White House or president, has been conducted
over the last two years without the same fanfare of higher profile
investigations of Ms. Lewinsky, Whitewater, FBI files and the White
House travel office firings. Nonetheless, the investigators said they found White House documents
with official government data -- including holiday card lists -- at the DNC
and the Clinton campaign. White House officials said some of the list were
accidentally sent by vendors.  (c) Copyright 1998 The Associated Press
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-10 09:35:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.29: What's on Your Hard Drive That The Delete Didn't Delete? 
ISPI Clips 5.29: What's on Your Hard Drive That The Delete Didn't Delete?
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday October 9, 1998
This From: The New York Times, October 8, 1998
What's on Your Hard Drive?
If You Want Privacy, It Pays to Find Out What Data Your Computer Saves And
How to Erase Information That the Delete Button Hardly Touches
PETER H. LEWIS
For computer users, some of the more startling revelations in the Starr
report have nothing to do with sex.
Footnotes in the report from the Office of the Independent Counsel include
such phrases as "document recovered from Ms. Lewinsky's home computer,"
"e-mail retrieved from Catherine Davis's computer" and "deleted file from
Ms. Lewinsky's home computer."
One of the ways Kenneth W. Starr's investigators peered into the private
lives of their subjects was to peer into their computers. What they were
able to find, and the ease with which they found it, may prompt computer
users to re-evaluate their computer practices.
Word processing software, Web browsing software and electronic mail have
become integral to all sorts of communications, both professional and
personal. As a result, many people have files on their hard disks that they
wish to keep private, like love letters, confidential business documents or
financial data.
And many people have sensitive, confidential and potentially embarrassing
files in their computers that they do not know are there, either because
they think that the files have been erased or because they are unaware that
certain common programs on the computer automatically keep a log of what
the user does.
"Recovering files that were deleted from a computer directory is a trivial
process," said Joel R. Reidenberg, a professor at the Fordham University
School of Law in New York who specializes in privacy issues. He said a
related issue was the computer's creation of sensitive files that the user
often did not know were there in the first place.
"The user's Web browser will create files, unbeknownst to the user, that
record all their interactions," Professor Reidenberg said. "Many people
today know about cookie files, but the browser creates a history file as
well that keeps a record of the Web sites the user visits. And then there's
a cache file that sometimes even keeps copies of the pictures that have
been downloaded."
More obscure are the temporary files created by word processors, for
example, and the so-called swap files that an operating system creates as a
way to manage computer memory. These files often remain readable even if
the original files are erased.
In computers, being safe can sometimes lead to being sorry, as Oliver L.
North discovered in the Iran-contra investigation in the Reagan
Administration, when incriminating files he thought had been deleted were
later resurrected from network backup tapes. In the current Justice
Department investigation of the Microsoft Corporation, e-mail messages and
memorandums from long ago are being resurrected from computer disks and
cited as crucial evidence.
The great majority of computer users have little reason to believe that
their computer files will be scrutinized by law-enforcement agents,
corporate and government spies, or even special investigators. But what
about unscrupulous co-workers or curious children or computer thieves? What
confidential information resides on the hard disk of the computer that was
donated to charity, sold at a yard sale or accidentally left on the
commuter train?
Examples abound of sensitive information going out the door when government
agencies, pharmacies, doctors' offices and other businesses donate or sell
used computers without erasing the computers' memories.
Last year, for example, a woman in Nevada bought a used computer from an
Internet auction company and was surprised to find that it contained names,
addresses, Social Security numbers and prescription information for 2,000
people, including people being treated for AIDS, alcoholism and mental
illnesses. A pharmacy had failed to erase the information when it sold the
The rise in the number of computer thefts and the increased sharing of
computers in the home are confronting consumers with security issues that
in the past were issues only for big corporations, banks, the military and
government agencies, said Steve Solomon, chief executive of Citadel
Technology Inc., a security software company in Dallas whose products
include Winshield and Folderbolt. "It's moving down into the small office
and home office markets, to schools and to home computer users," he said.
How does one keep confidential information private? And when the
information is no longer needed, how does one make sure that it is
completely erased? Both questions involve a combination of good computer
security policies and good security software.
The software is the easy part. Creating and sticking with good security
habits is the hard part.
"Technology exists today to protect individual privacy for as long as the
individual chooses to keep the information private," said Scott Schnell,
senior vice president of marketing at RSA Data Security of San Mateo,
Computer users today have access to inexpensive software tools that can
encrypt the contents of a file (including images), an e-mail message or
even the entire contents of a computer so thoroughly that it can never be
read by someone else in our lifetimes. Other programs can shred unwanted
files so completely that no one can recover them. But very few people use
such security tools.
Computers are good at keeping secrets. Too good, in fact. The secrets can
reside on a computer, and on a computer network, long after the user
deletes them. The files are forgotten, but not gone.
Deleting a file does not really delete the file. It merely hides it from
view so it no longer shows up in a directory of files. It's like getting an
unlisted telephone number. The listing may not appear in the phone
directory, but the phone can still ring if someone knows the right number.
When a user deletes a file, the computer stops listing it in the file
directory and marks the disk space as available for reuse. Another file may
eventually be written atop the same space, obliterating any traces of the
original. But as hard disk capacities swell into the gigabytes, the space
may not be overwritten for a long, long time.
In that limbo period when the deleted file is undead, any moderately
skilled computer user can locate, restore and read the deleted file by
using such commands as "undelete" or "unerase," which are common features
of many software utilities.
The computer's ability to remember deleted files is most often a good
thing, especially when important files have been deleted by accident. Every
day, computer technicians get frantic calls from people who have
inadvertently erased the boss's speech or the big presentation due the next
morning, or who have children who have erased those boring Quicken folders
to make room on the disk for games.
At those moments, being able to resurrect the files from the dead seems
like a miracle.
There are a number of utility programs available that have an "unerase"
capability, to be used both in emergencies and as a precaution against
accidents. Examples include Norton Utilities from the Symantec Corporation.
But as with most tools, "unerase" programs can be dangerous in the wrong
To truly erase a file and prevent it from being recovered, one must write
over it, or wipe it.
There are several utility programs available that enable the user to
overwrite a single file or the entire disk, or anything in between. Such
programs typically have apocalyptic names, such as Shredder, Flame File and
Burn. Similar disk-wiping tools are often included in PC utility programs
and encryption programs, but others are available for downloading without
charge from the Internet.
These programs typically hash over the designated disk space with
meaningless patterns of ones and zeroes, instead of the meaningful patterns
of ones and zeroes that represent the original information. That process
renders the deleted file unreadable in most cases.
The key phrase is "in most cases." Just as with encryption, there are
people working just as hard to recover wiped files as there are people
working to wipe them. Law-enforcement agencies and spies have developed
ways to reverse a simple, one-pass wipe with ones and zeroes and retrieve
the original file. So the Federal Government requires that sensitive files
be wiped many times with random characters, which, in theory, obliterates
the original file and makes it unrecoverable.
Unless, of course, the file has already been copied onto backup tapes. In
the digital world, the original file may be shredded, while one or more
perfect copies can exist elsewhere.
An even more bulletproof way to render files unreadable is to encrypt them.
Encryption scrambles a disk or file, including pictures (or a telephone
conversation, or a credit card sent over the Internet) so it can be opened
and read only by the person holding the proper key, or password. The
strength of the encryption is often measured by the length of the key,
which is in turn measured in bits. In general, each additional bit of key
length doubles the amount of effort needed for unauthorized users to break
the key.
Even weak encryption (with a 40-bit key length, for example) is sufficient
to deter most casual snoops. Breaking a 56-bit key requires computing
resources that are beyond the reach of all but the most determined code
breakers, and even then it can require days of sustained attacks by a
supercomputer just to crack one e-mail message. (The Government's National
Security Agency, by far the most formidable group of code breakers on the
planet, is thought to be able to break 56-bit keys in a much shorter time,
said Enrique Salem, a chief technology officer at Symantec, whose products
include Disk Lock, Norton Your Eyes Only, and Norton Secret Stuff.
Some encryption programs available today use 128-bit keys, which are
"infinitely unbreakable, at least in our lifetimes, even taking into
consideration the predictable advances in computing power," said Schnell of
RSA. In other words, it is more secure than the strongest physical vault
ever built. Not even the National Security Agency is believed to have the
ability to break a 128-bit key.
And then there is e-mail. People type all sorts of embarrassing,
confidential or intemperate words in e-mail in the mistaken belief that
such messages are private. In reality, messages sent by e-mail are less
secure than messages scribbled on a postcard.
The way the Internet mail system works, an e-mail message passes through
several exchange points, or nodes, on its way to the recipient's computer.
The system administrator at each handoff point can in theory read the
message, copy it, reroute it or tamper with it. If the message originates
or terminates in a corporate computer system, chances are high that a copy
will persist in the company's backup tapes or disk for days, at least.
In the end, there are only two ways to keep information confidential in the
digital age. One is to use strong encryption. The other is never to write
it down or speak it in the first place.
PRIVACY PROTECTION:
Who knows what secrets lurk on your hard drive? With luck, and with the
following security programs, only you do.
PGP 6.0
(Windows 95, 98 and NT, and Macintosh OS 7.5.3 and newer; free for
individual, noncommercial use) Philip R. Zimmermann's Pretty Good Privacy,
or PGP, is one of the world's most widely used encryption programs for
personal computers, so good, in fact, that the United States Government
contends that it is as potent a military weapon as a jet fighter or a
cruise missile.
NORTON YOUR EYES ONLY 4.1
(Windows 95, 98 and NT; about $75; (800) 441-7234.) Norton Your Eyes Only
performs a variety of password-protected security functions. It can be set
to blank the screen and lock the computer if the user steps away for a
minute or to prevent unauthorized users from booting the machine.
RSA SECURPC
(Windows 95, 98 and NT; $59; Security Dynamics Technologies; (800)
Intended more for small office use, SecurPC links with the Windows Explorer
file management system to automatically and transparently lock disks and
files with 128-bit encryption, but it allows the keys to be shared with
COOKIE CRUSHER
(Windows 95, 98 and NT; $15 shareware;  etc.) Cookies are small files that a Web site installs
on your hard drive. The cookie can contain technical and personal
information, including a history of the Web pages you have visited. These
utilities enable the user to accept or reject cookies.
BCWIPE WINDOWS
(Windows 95, 98 and NT; $15 shareware; www. download.com,
 and others.)    For those who prefer not to use an
encryption package, BCWipe provides military-grade file and disk wiping to
make sure that deleted files are really erased.
Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-10 09:35:48
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Privacy, Other Issues Post Difficulty for E-Commerce Meeting 
Source:  USIA
08 October 1998 PRIVACY, OTHER ISSUES POSE DIFFICULTY FOR E-COMMERCE
MEETING (U.S. position outlined at OECD conference in Ottawa)  (840)
By Bruce Odessey
USIA Staff Correspondent
Ottawa -- As ministers from industrialized countries met to work out
ways for promoting electronic commerce, differences persisted on a
number of issues, especially privacy.
When the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD)
Ministerial Conference in Ottawa ends October 9, either the ministers
will produce a communique demonstrating some sort of agreement or the
Canadian minister presiding will produce a communique demonstrating
continued disagreement.
In an October 8 address to the conference, U.S. Secretary of Commerce
William Daley called privacy "the make-or-break issue for all of
electronic commerce." At issue are the potential for abuse of credit
card numbers and confidential medical and other private information by
unscrupulous businesses.
Daley was confident that the privacy and other consumer protection
issues would be resolved.
In a panel session, President Clinton's adviser Ira Magaziner
described the U.S. vision for protecting consumer privacy on the
Internet, a vision reliant on industry self-regulation, not government
In each country, he said, some independent private sector organization
would develop a privacy code of conduct and authorize a graphic seal
of approval for web sites that pledge to follow that code. The
participating web site would have to notify potential buyers about
what information it would collect about the buyer and how it would use
it. The buyer would have the choice not to make a purchase under those
In addition, Magaziner said, consumers would have the ability to
settle complaints about privacy abuse through the organization, which
would also conduct routine audits to assure compliance by its web site
Already 70 percent of relevant U.S. businesses conducting electronic
commerce have agreed to participate in this program once it becomes
established in the next few months, he said.
Magaziner compared the U.S. approach with the European Union (EU)
approach, which establishes government privacy regulation from the
beginning. In fact, a EU privacy directive scheduled to enter into
force in two weeks, prohibiting flows of electronic data about EU
nationals to countries that have no similar regulation, threatens some
disruption of data flows to U.S. companies. Secretary Daley said he
remains hopeful the two sides will avert any disruption.
"To be frank, we must succeed or millions of transactions between the
United States and Europe may be blocked," he said.
Magaziner argued that the U.S. vision of an alliance of independent
organizations for protecting consumer privacy operating in different
countries would achieve the flexibility required for the rapidly
evolving business of electronic commerce in a way that governments
could not.
"None of us know where this is headed," he said. "We have to be very
cautious before we act" to impose government regulation that could
stifle the expansion of this new technology soon after its birth.
The OECD secretariat draft proposal on privacy recognizes the
different approaches to privacy and other consumer protection issues

@_date: 1998-10-10 09:35:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Canadian Military Ready for Y2K Meltdown 
Source:  NOW On Communications
Militia readies for millennium meltdown 2000 cyberglitch the major concern for Canadian forces By PATRICK CAIN Preparing for a civil emergency resulting from mass computer collapse on
January 1, 2000, has become the first priority of the Canadian military, a
general told a group of Toronto-area reservists in Meaford Sunday. That means the military is taking the millennium bug so seriously that its
worst-case plan, Operation Abacus, is a higher priority than Canada's part
in the NATO force in Bosnia-Herzegovina, where 1,319 Canadian soldiers (at
the moment, most from Ontario) are helping enforce the Dayton Accord. "Some people argue that it is the first priority amongst many priorities,"
brigadier general Walt Holmes, who commands ground forces in Ontario, tells
NOW Monday.  "Our operational commitments in Bosnia will carry on, and so our soldiers
who are either deployed to or preparing for those operations will be given
the same support. "One can never anticipate what else may happen in the world to cause us to
have to deploy soldiers, so the bottom line is, if nothing else from a
contingency-planning point of view (emerges) it's the top priority with the
Canadian Forces." The problem, often referred to as Y2K, stems from the way computers express
the year portion of a numerical date, like 12/31/99. When the code that forms the foundation of modern computer software was
being written in the 50s and 60s, programmers decided not to use
then-precious computer space for the first two digits of the year. Because computers working on these assumptions aren't aware of centuries or
millennia, they will decide that January 1, 2000, is actually January 1,
1900. Because this disrupts the computer's sense of chronological sequence,
it can cause chaos and system breakdown.  Since computer systems with six-digit dates control everything from
electricity systems to emergency dispatch systems to air traffic control,
companies, utilities and governments are pouring money and time into
finding and
fixing the bug. Too vast But because this involves scanning miles upon miles of computer code, some
argue that the task is simply too vast and intricate to be accomplished. Rotting food, cranky nuclear reactors, banking systems run amok -- a few
hours in the world of Y2K prophecy is enough to make you think a bunker in
Algoma full of canned beans might be the best idea after all. Most things we depend on depend on a computer chip somewhere, and that
includes deep freezes, nuclear reactors, food distribution systems, banking
systems, phone switching systems, wage and pension cheques, taxes, and
building management systems without which high-rise office buildings -- and
therefore Bay Street -- can't function.  "I can't make you feel 100 per cent confident that everything is going to
function on January 1 of the year 2000," Ted Clark, the vice-president of
Ontario Hydro's Y2K project, told an alarmed parliamentary committee in April.
Hydro says it has 600 people working on the problem. But we don't need to wait for the end of the millennium to watch the
problem unfold -- Y2K glitches are already happening. Earlier this year,
the New York State liquor licence system crashed spectacularly when
officials tried to enter a licence that would expire in 2000. More
recently, the systems of several hospitals in Pennsylvania crashed when
staff tried to enter a medical appointment in 2000.  At a conference in Ottawa last week, Toronto-based senior army officers
argued for a mobilization plan to deal with military involvement in a
possible crisis. Mobilization plan "The recommendation from us is that we would like to see some form of
commitment to ensuring that the reserves are able to respond," Holmes
observes.  "We just said some sort of mobilization plan, to allow us to determine what
reserves we may get. (That would correspond to) Level Two mobilization." (In Canadian military doctrine, four stages of mobilization exist -- Stage
1 is the existence of the armed forces, Stage 2 is deployment of the armed
forces in its existing organization, Stage 3 is military expansion in an
emergency, and Stage 4 is national mobilization in war.)  Among the options the military is considering is the stockpiling of food
and generators in armouries against a serious emergency.  "As to where they're going to go, and what the end result will be, we don't
know yet," Holmes says. "It  depends on the perceived threat, as we get
closer to the date."  Persistent rumours that Christmas leave in 1999 will be cancelled for
regular soldiers are premature, Holmes says. ("They'll probably wait until
everybody's made plans, and do it then," quips military critic Scott Taylor.) One important issue is what legal category military involvement in a crisis
would fall into. The armed forces recognize two types of domestic
operations -- unarmed assistance to civil authorities, which mostly
involves coping with natural disasters like the February ice storm or the
Manitoba flood, and "aid to the civil power," which
implies the potential use of force. Oka and the imposition of the War
Measures Act in 1970 would fall into this latter category.  Humanitarian  relief "The emphasis would be on domestic operations and humanitarian relief, if
required," Holmes says. "We are the force of last resort, and if something
happens, we are there to be called upon, but the focus is clearly on
domestic (humanitarian) operations." Toronto-area army reservists in Meaford last weekend were told that
riot-control training, which the militia in Toronto last underwent on a
large scale in the late 80s and early 90s in the aftermath of the Oka
crisis, is not on the agenda for now.  NOW OCTOBER 8-14, 1998  (c) 1998 NOW Communications Inc.
 NOW and NOW Magazine and the
 NOW design are protected through
trademark registration. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-11 13:55:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: A Poll / A Thousand Lies (satire) 
I took my own cross-sectional, wholly "scientific" poll on
Clinton's impeachment/resignation. In order to be truly
"scientific", I followed these rules:
1) Choose a densely populated area of a major city in order to
get a poll result that is not one-sided.
2) There are 25 known minority cultures in the U.S., including,
in "random" order, but not limited to Indian, African, Mexican,
Oriental, Caucasian, gray wolf, spotted owl, and grizzly bear. In
order to ensure that minorities are not treated as minorities,
enforce strict parameters of 96 percent combined minority and 4
percent Caucasian.
3) Eliminate the following from the poll to preclude prejudice:
a.) anyone who did not vote for Clinton. It would not be fair to
include those who are obviously biased already.
b.) anyone who thinks a Newt Gingrich is a slimy lizard.
c.) anyone who doesn't think  Newt Gingrich is a slimy lizard.
d.) all who believe there is such a thing as "sin".
e.) all who have ever used or heard the phrase " moral authority
f.) anyone who believes that a document as old as the
Constitution should matter, at this point.
g.) anyone who believes someone with the nickname Slick Willy,
caught in a thousand lies,  might not be telling the truth now.
h.) anyone who has ever questioned the actions of the government
and is still living or is not imprisoned.
Using these guidelines as promoted by the United Pollsters /
Young Urban Research Specialists, commonly known as UPYURS, the
results were astoundingly accurate. When asked if Clinton is
doing a good job, 7335 percent answered "yes", although when
asked to be more specific, 8223 percent hadn't the foggiest idea
what his job duties are.
As to whether he should resign, 14243 percent answered " no ". A
breakdown analysis revealed that, among those not eliminated by
the above fairness rules, 62,786,091 work for the Clinton
administration, 24,892,456 cannot speak English, 12,873,612 bear
fur, and there was one token conservative.
In a completely unrelated question, the same broadband group was
asked whether Hitler should be posthumously awarded the Nobel
Peace Prize......
Tom Simmons
The most formidable weapon against oppression and tyranny is not
bullets, for their use is as a last resort, nor hiding in the
mountains, for there is no safe haven from tyranny, nor foolish
martyrdom for freedom's sake. It is an informed and involved
citizenry. This IS our only hope.Get involved.
Tom Simmons
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-11 14:22:53
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: This Country *Needs* to Come to a Screeching Halt! 
This Country *Needs* to Come to a Screeching Halt!
by Patricia Neill (c) 1998
All week I've had to listen to the ever more irritating mass media clones
droning on about how Americans want "the country to move on" and how all
these polled citizens want the President and Congress "to get back to the
business of running the country." The media droids (and they have such a
droidic quality that they're beginning to sound all alike to me) have of
course used their boring technique of repeating these dimwitted phrases over
and over and over and over in the bright hope that we get the message.
As always, I have to wonder who the hell these media people poll. It surely
isn't me nor the millions upon millions like me! My bet is that the
pollagandizers (a newly minted, wonderful fresh coinage from the pen of
Publius Press) ask each other what they think, and use that as their
statistically significantly absolutely similar population. Or maybe they ask
the animals at the Washington Zoo and take the calls, snarls and roars for
the dulcent tones of assent and consent to their pollaganda (lifted from the
same place, today's Federalist Digest). But what I do know is that they are
not asking *anyone* who remotely disagrees with their bias, and if they
mistakenly call someone like me, I'm probably one of the ones they would
simply ignore, as not statistically significant, or at least not
significant, to their wizened little minds.
As for me, do I want "the country to move on?" Hell, NO! I want it to come
to a screeching halt! I want everything else to stop, cease, desist until
the American people and those spurious Spongelords down in Congress have a
chance to fully investigate Mr. Clinton and his White House. I don't care if
no other "business of the country" gets handled. I don't care if NO federal
agencies get funded. In fact, I'd just as soon they weren't. Let's not fund
them for a year, and see if we miss any of them. I doubt it. We'd all be a
lot happier if they disappeared off the face of the earth. Ain't that the
I don't even care if Congress has to close down. That'd be another blessing
in my book. They can all meet outside of Congress and hold their
investigation. They don't need to be under oath--they never pay any
attention to it anyway. In fact, why doesn't the Republican majority shut
down Congress while they go about checking out those lying sacks of gas up
on 1600 Pennsylvania. They can rent the Watergate Hotel--it'd be a fitting
I want to know every little detail of what Mr. Clinton did, and when. I want
to know how Hillary's billing files for the Rose Law Firm "disappeared" and
then "showed up." I want to know about all the millions Bill and Hillary and
gang stole from Madison Guaranty. I want all the myriads of scandals of this
White House--both Clintons and ALL their cohorts--laid open for the public
to see--and I know it will be ugly, real ugly. Actually, my bet is it will
be pretty fascinating in a sick kind of way. Like watching a huge spider
crawl up the wall if you have arachnaphobia.
One fatheaded demagogue (I think it was Barney Frank) was quoted on NPR this
morning as saying (and this is not exact, as I was busy trying to get the
escaping smoke back into my ears). In the whining, puling tones,
characteristic of this particular specimen of Congress:  "We should censure
Clinton, but he did nothing impeachable. Do you *really* want this thing to
drag on for a year, while the 'business of the country' is waiting?"
Short answer to that is, there is absolutely no reason under the sun for
this to take a year, you dissembling, mammering twit! You could do it in a
day, an hour, a nanosecond.You ALREADY know the crimes of Bill Clinton and
his wife. You already *know* he lied, he lied to you, he lied to the grand
jury, he lied to the American people. And my question for you is, what the
hell is your *problem.* Do you honestly think Bill Clinton should be allowed
to get away with not only his adultery and lying, but with all his other
malfeasances, offenses, violations, felonies, torts, misconduct, misdeeds,
sins, transgressions, iniquities and outrages--did I miss anything? Oh yes,
murders! You have six years worth to sort through. In fact, Bill Clinton is
such a crook that he should have been impeached, tried, convicted and jailed
*before* he became president. You have his Washington crimes, but if you go
back to his Arkansas years, you'd really have a bonanza!
So, please, stop everything else and deal with this impeachment,
immediately. The financial global crisis can go right on crisis-ing, for all
I care. You all created that problem in the first place, and you ain't gonna
get my money to solve it by bailing out Wall Street again. The heck with
that. So put everything else to the side, and yes, bring this country to a
screeching halt. And see to Mr. Clinton's crimes. My respect for the
government is already a mere wisp at this point, if that. If Congress does
not impeach--and do a serious job--then ALL my respect for government and
what you folk cynically call "rule of law" will be gone. That's a promise.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-11 14:03:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Different Approaches to Privacy Issue: OECD 
Source:  USIA
09 October 1998 OECD CONFERENCE ACCEPTS DIFFERENT APPROACHES TO
PRIVACY ISSUE (Resolved authentication issue on electronic signatures) (400)
By Bruce Odessey
USIA Staff Correspondent
Ottawa -- A conference of 29 industrialized countries for promoting
electronic commerce has resolved a controversy between the United
States and the European over Internet privacy by accepting both points
of view.
The United States contended industry should be left to manage the
problem by itself, but the European Union had demanded a government
regulatory approach.
"The adversity of views can produce compatible solutions," said John
Manley, Canadian minister of industry, who presided over the October
7-9 conference of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
The language approved by the OECD said the governments "encourage the
adoption of privacy policies, whether implemented by legal,
self-regulatory, administrative or technological means."
In a statement issued in Washington U.S. Commerce Secretary William
Daley praised the conference work.
"Our self-regulatory approach can co-exist with approaches taken by
other governments so long as we focus on our common objective --
effective privacy protection," Daley said.
Again, on the issue of authenticating e-commerce signatures and
enforcing Internet contracts, the OECD was comfortable with different
approaches. The governments declared they would "take a
non-discriminatory approach to electronic authentication from other
The three-day conference held in Ottawa, Canada, was the first one
held by the OECD to include representatives from business, labor and
consumer groups as well as non-member governments.
Business representatives expressed satisfaction with the outcome, but
representatives of consumer groups were skeptical or hostile.
The OECD staff is required to complete draft guidelines in 1999 on
consumer protection.
The OECD emphasized development "of effective market driven
self-regulatory mechanisms that include input from consumer
representatives." But consumer advocates insisted that only
government-to-government agreements can protect consumer interests
when shoddy goods are ordered over the Internet and delivered across
national borders.
The conference also took some crucial decisions on taxation. Notably
the governments agreed to apply existing taxes to electronic commerce
and not to develop new taxes.
They also agreed to impose taxes at the place of consumption and not
at the place of production and to work out problems in defining the
place of consumption.
OECD Director-General Donald Johnston said he expected some sort of
follow up meeting at the working level and not at the ministerial
level within a year.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-11 14:21:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Oops! Police Fire Tear Gas Into Wrong House 
Source:  St. Paul, Minnesota Pioneer Planet News
Published: Friday, October 9, 1998 Suspect captured; incident probed
Tear gas fired into neighbor's house by St. Paul police
ROBERT F. MOORE STAFF WRITER A 12-hour search for a man who shot at St. Paul police in Highland
Park ended Thursday morning when a police dog found him hiding in a
tool shed.
And a couple living next door to the suspect was temporarily moved by
the city into a hotel after police fired tear gas into their home.
Police Chief William Finney said Thursday night he didn't know
whether the action was planned by the Critical Incident Response
Team, or CIRT.
``I suspect it was an accident,'' Finney said. ``Overall it was an
excellent operation. No one was hurt. They held the position for 12
hours and they made the arrest. But they have some explaining to do.''
Dr. Daniel Lutz, the owner of the house, was not looking for
explanations Thursday night. He just wanted to get back into the home
he has shared with his wife for the last five years.
``I saw my house in the dark last night, but I don't even know the extent
of the damage,'' said Lutz, 28, a chiropractor in Circle Pines. ``Right
now, I'm not trying to point fingers. I don't know if it was justified or
not. I just want my house put back in order.''
Lutz said the city has begun decontaminating the house and that he
planned to move back in early next week.
He and his wife had been evacuated and were at a neighbor's home
before the tear gas operation began just after 1 a.m.
Meanwhile, Finney has scheduled a meeting with supervisors of the
operation today to determine what happened.
Other neighbors who took cover in their basements before the
operation said a contractor was at the scene late Thursday afternoon to
replace the windows of the Lutz home.
Finney said the city attorney was working with the family to repair the
damage. Neither Finney nor Lutz knew the extent of the damage
Thursday night.
Despite the incident, however, neighbors agreed police responded
appropriately, simply because the suspect was apprehended.
At about 8:30 a.m. Thursday, a police dog discovered Wa Lee Her,
51, in a rusty tin shed next to a residence on the 2300 block of
Edgcumbe Road. Her was treated at Regions Hospital for dog bites on
a leg and released to police custody, pending a decision on multiple
aggravated assault charges.
Police said the dog, Ranger, was sent into the shed after Her ignored
orders to come out. The suspect did not draw a weapon during his
capture, though police recovered a shotgun and a rifle. One of those
weapons was allegedly used the night before to threaten his wife and
also to fire a shot at police. Her's stepson told a 911 dispatcher his
stepfather was threatening to shoot his mother.
Her was apprehended just blocks away from his family's St. Paul
Avenue house.
Finney praised the two officers, Tina Kill and Jeffrey Levens, who
responded to Her's home on the 1100 block of St. Paul Avenue just
before 9 p.m. Wednesday.
``I'm real proud of those two officers,'' Finney said. ``They did exactly
what they were trained to do. They contained the situation, evacuated
the residents of the house, called for additional resources and kept the
suspect bottled up all night.''
Police blocked off the area soon after Her allegedly fired a shot at
Levens and fled into the neighborhood between Howell Street and
Edgcumbe Road.
Levens had shined a flashlight on the suspect and ordered him to put his
hands in the open, when Her fired at the officer, police said. Levens
returned fire. No one was hit.
Later in the night, officers decided to use tear gas after hearing what
police said was a muffled sound, possibly a gunshot, come from the
suspect's house. Police first fired tear gas into the Lutz home and then
the suspect's.
Officers from CIRT and the K-9 unit waited until about 7 a.m. to
conduct a ground search of the area. It was a move Finney said was
intended to protect both the public and the between 40 and 50 officers
in the area.
``It doesn't make sense to search a wooded area in the dark when the
suspect has such firepower,'' Finney said. ``We don't want citizens
caught in the cross-fire.''
Neighbors knew little about the suspect, but longtime residents thought
the family moved into their home less than two years ago.
``It was the most frightened I have ever been in my life,'' said Bonnie
Rodriguez, 49, who lives next door to the house where Her was found.
``I was getting ready to go to my doctor and I heard police officers
crawling on my roof and walking on my patio. Some had bulletproof
vests, some were dressed in camouflage. They had their guns drawn, so
they must have known the man was close. I thought there would be a
shootout in front of my house and someone would die in my yard.''
Rodriguez, who has lived on Edgcumbe Road for 15 years, said police
were searching around her house for about 30 minutes Thursday
``I feel better that he is not out here right now, but it terrifies me that he
was out there all night and could have broken into my house,'' she said.
Pat Sellner, who also lives in the neighborhood, viewed the assault and
manhunt as isolated incidents. Sellner, however, admitted being nervous
when he heard a helicopter flying overhead Wednesday night.
``I called 911 when the helicopter got lower,'' he said. ``The dispatcher
just told me to lock the doors and to stay inside.''
_Cmdr. Doug Wills viewed the entire situation with relief, reflecting on
the deaths of two St. Paul police officers gunned down four years ago.
``Whenever you get in a situation like this, you have to remember the
day those officers were killed,'' Wills said. ``It dictates how you do
business, because you want to make sure nothing like that will happen
St. Paul police officer Ron Ryan Jr. was fatally shot at 7 a.m. Aug. 26,
1994, in the parking lot of an East Side church. Three hours later,
officer Tim Jones and his police dog, Laser, were shot and killed by
Ryan's assailant as they and others searched for him in the
neighborhood. Guy Harvey Baker was caught, convicted and
sentenced to life in prison for the slayings.
Robert F. Moore, who covers crime and public safety, can be reached at
rmoore or at (651) 228-5591.
(c)1998 PioneerPlanet / St. Paul (Minnesota) Pioneer Press - All Rights
Reserved copyright information
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-11 14:08:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Congress Poised To Approve Digital Copyright Law 
Source:  Fox News - Reuters
Congress Poised To Approve Digital Copyright Law
            3.08 p.m. ET (1909 GMT) October 9, 1998
 WASHINGTON - Congress was expected to complete work later Friday on
legislation to update copyright law for the digital age, after removing a
controversial provision granting new rights to databases.  The bill, which the Senate approved Thursday and the House will consider
Friday, implements provisions of two international treaties adopted by the
World Intellectual Property Organization in 1996.  Software makers, movie studios, book publishers and other creators of
copyrighted works have pushed hard for the legislation. They feared that as
their products increasingly became available on the Internet in digital
form, pirates and criminals would be able easily to make and sell illegal
copies.  The legislation creates criminal penalties for anyone who disables
high-tech, anti-piracy protections, such as encryption, used to block
illegal copying. The bill forbids the manufacture, import, sale or
distribution of devices or services used for circumvention, as well.  "This was a huge win for us,'' said Richard Taylor, spokesman for the
Motion Picture Association of America. The movie industry will depend
heavily on anti-piracy technology for movies distributed in all manner of
formats, he said.  A variety of exceptions were also included at the request of libraries,
scientists and universities as well as some manufacturers of consumer
electronic devices. They feared the law would prevent some kinds of
research and would unfairly limit "fair use,'' the central principle of
existing copyright law allowing copies to be made for educational and other
noncommercial purposes.  The exceptions include allowing circumvention if done for computer
security testing, encryption research or limited kinds of computer software
development. Internet surfers could also circumvent in limited ways to
protect their privacy and parents could circumvent to monitor their
children's travels through cyberspace.  "What we've really been fighting about for the last few months was the
exceptions,'' said Jonathan Band, a lawyer at Morrison & Foerster who
worked with groups seeking to protect fair use.  Band criticized Congress for criminalizing devices instead of actions only
and for ignoring a person's motives for circumventing. "Given that Congress
chose to go about it entirely the wrong way, it ended up pretty well,'' he
said.  In addition, at the urging of Band's group and others, the
anti-circumvention laws will not go into effect for two years, until the
Librarian of Congress, with advice from the Commerce Department, decides
whether additional exceptions need to be made. Such exceptions would be
reconsidered in a recurring process every three years, at which time new
exceptions could also be created.  The bill also defined broad freedom from liability for online and Internet
service providers, like America Online , which otherwise might have been
held financially liable for copyright infringement by one of their millions
of customers.  Under the bill, service providers will not be held liable for violations
they do not know of but if notified by a copyright holder, must take rapid
action to shut down the alleged violator. However, if the copyright holder
fails to pursue the claim in court within a few weeks, the alleged violator
has the right to demand that online access be restored.  The controversial database provision, that was added at the last minute to
the House version of the bill by North Carolina Republican Rep. Howard
Coble, was dropped by a conference committee of members of both chambers.  The provision would have overturned a Supreme Court ruling and granted
copyright protection for the first time to databases assembled out of facts
that themselves were common knowledge and not protected by copyright law.  "The library community is extremely grateful that a sea change in American
law was not made,'' Adam Eisgrau, lobbyist for the American Library
Association, said.                      (c) Reuters Ltd. All rights reserved
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-12 14:52:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: nonviolent AP variant 
if you guys spent any fraction of the amount of time
thinking about "assassination politics" as a way to
improve government, as you did about the legitimate
ways that are already available, I think the world
would soon be turned into a better place.
there are obvious ways of improving the government
that are not being tried. but far easier to take
the nihilistic "cryptoanarchy" pseudo-ideology
of insisting that government is inherently
evil, and any thoughts about improving it are
inherently sinful and misguided, i.e. blasphemous.
the truth is that sheeple are immature and lazy, incapable of planning their destiny past the next
6 pack, and therefore fully deserving of their stormy fate
at the hands of a small elite who takes organization
seriously-- with only the small unfortunately twist
that they are all self-serving parasites.
perhaps an economic crash is a natural intermittent human event
that says to the public, "wake up"!! a crisis is always
a sign of a kind of false image crumbling under truth/reality which will ultimately puncture all
lies (but will not deliver slaves from self-imposed
slavery, if that is their conscious or unconscious choice).

@_date: 1998-10-13 06:52:50
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Tracking: Machines to Check Airline Bags Mostly Idle, Report Says 
Source:  New York Times
October 11, 1998
Machines to Check Airline Bags Mostly Idle, Report Says
By MATTHEW L. WALD
WASHINGTON -- The Federal Aviation Administration has spent
more than $122 million on machines to detect bombs in checked
baggage, but those machines that have been installed sit idle for most of
the day, according to investigators from the Department of
Transportation. The machines, which cost $1.3 million each to buy and install, are
supposed to be capable of handling 225 bags an hour, but of 13 that
were audited by investigators, nine handled fewer than 200 bags a day,
according to a report released on Friday. Some got so little use that the operators could not maintain proficiency in
running them, investigators said. "At some airports, they're sitting relatively unused," Lawrence Weintrob,
an assistant inspector general of the Transportation Department, said in a
telephone interview. "Some airports that are using them are using them
rarely, or process relatively few bags through them." But Cathal Flynn, assistant administrator of the FAA for civil aviation
security, said the average number of bags processed through each
machine was rising sharply as airlines gained experience. Flynn and airline
representatives said that part of the problem was that the computerized
system for choosing which passengers' bags get scanned was still
developing, and would not be fully implemented until the end of the year. "We haven't ironed out all the kinks in the process," said Susan Rork,
managing director of security at the Air Transport Association, the trade
group of the major airlines. The computerized system singles out individuals about whom there is too
little information to conclude that they are not a threat, officials say. It
also draws a sample from the group judged not to be a threat, to increase
the chance that a terrorist would be caught, and to make the system
fairer, Flynn said. One problem, he said, is that if the system were changed to require that a
larger number of passengers have their bags scrutinized, then at peak
periods people would be delayed so long they would miss their flights. "If you get people fuming at a line, that's not good either," Flynn said.
That, he said, would probably discourage machine operators from doing
their jobs right. And delays, he said, would damage public acceptance of
security measures. In written comments responding to the report, the FAA said that the
agency would "pursue a more coherent strategy with air carriers to
ramp-up to a higher level of use." However, the agency said, it would be
"many years" before technology allowed screening of all bags. Auditors also said that the machines in use could handle only about half
as many bags as they did in lab tests, partly because they sound false
alarms far more when in use at airports. Each false alarm requires time to
resolve. (All alarms so far have been false, officials said, because no
bombs have been detected.) The machines' higher false alarm rate is "probably a reason why they
don't use it as often as they should," Weintrob said. Fifty-nine of the machines have been installed so far; plans are to have 74
in place by the end of the year, he said. Officials of airports where the machines are installed declined to
comment and asked not to be identified. Under FAA rules, airport
operators are responsible for various aspects of security, but not for
screening bags. That responsibility falls to the airlines.  Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-13 06:53:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.30: U.S. lawmakers approve major wiretap law change 
ISPI Clips 5.30: U.S. lawmakers approve major wiretap law change
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Monday October 12, 1998
This From: Reuters News Service, (via Yahoo) October 8, 1998
U.S. lawmakers approve major wiretap law change
(adds Senate approval, FBI comment)
Aaron Pressman
WASHINGTON, Oct 8 (Reuters) - Without debate or notice, U.S. lawmakers on
Thursday approved a proposal long sought by the FBI that would dramatically
expand wiretapping authority -- an idea Congress openly rejected three
years ago.
The provision, allowing law enforcement agencies more easily to tap any
telephone used by or near a target individual instead of getting
authorization to tap specific phones, was added to the Intelligence
Authorization Conference report during a closed door meeting and filed with
the House and Senate on Monday.
The conference report was easily adopted by the House on Wednesday, despite
an objection to the wiretapping provision from Georgia Republican Bob Barr,
and by the Senate on Thursday.
Neither the House nor the Senate had included the provision, known as
roving wiretap authority, in their versions of the intelligence bill. But
lawmakers drafting the conference report, essentially a reconciliation of
the two versions, decided to include it.
Civil liberties groups were outraged by the expanded wiretapping authority
and the process of adding the provision in secret.
``Roving wiretaps are a major expansion of current government surveillance
power,'' said Alan Davidson, staff counsel at the Center for Democracy and
Technology in Washington.
``To take a controversial provision that affects the fundamental
constitutional liberties of the people and pass it behind closed doors
shows a shocking disregard for our democratic process.''
FBI officials said they needed to be able to get roving wiretap authority
more easily to catch criminals taking advantage of new telecommunications
``This provision is just a refinement of the existing wiretap statute,''
said Barry Smith, supervisory special agent in the FBI's congressional
affairs office. ``It's just a matter of ensuring we have the means to
effectively pursue these violent criminals and terrorists.''
Under current rules, law enforcement agencies seeking roving wiretap
authority from a judge must prove that an individual is switching
telephones specifically for the purpose of evading a surveillance. The
standard has been difficult to meet and kept the number of roving wiretaps
approved to a minimum, a telephone industry official said.
Without roving authority, police must get permission from a judge for each
telephone line to be tapped.
Under the change approved this week, the police would need show only that
an individual's ``actions could have the effect of thwarting interception
from a specific facility.''
The change removed the need to consider the target's motive in using
different telephones.
Copyright (c) 1998 Reuters Limited.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-13 06:54:40
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Secret Marine training mission startles residents 
Source:  Greensboro News & Record (N.Carolina)
Secret Marine training mission startles residents
By ANDREA BALL, Staff Writer
Fisher Park resident Helen Ullrich was resting in bed when she heard the
roar of the helicopters. The house shook. The windows rattled.
Her first thought: A plane is going to crash.
Her second: Where's it going to land?
"For the first minute or two, that's what it was like," she said. "Just fear."
Greensboro residents shuddered and gawked at the skies Wednesday night
while nine military helicopters
unexpectedly swarmed above their houses. The aircraft were involved in a
two-hour training mission by the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit at Marine
Corps Base Camp Lejeune, said Capt. Bill Darrenkamp, public affairs officer
for Camp Lejeune.
The helicopters -- a Huey, two Cobras, two Super Stallions and four Sea
Knights -- flew from Onslow Bay to practice long-range raids, Darrenkamp
said. The local training session stretched from about 9:30 to 11:30 p.m.
The Greensboro Police Department agreed to the mission about a month ago,
Darrenkamp said. Nearly 200 families in the Huffine Mill Road area were
told of the training a few hours before it began.
The rest of the city was clueless. And that's the way the Marines wanted
it, said Capt. Sammy Bell of the Greensboro Police Department.
"We couldn't have notified the public on it because if we had, everyone and
their brother would be out there trying
to watch it," Bell said. Darrenkamp said the mission was kept quiet because Marines wanted the
training to be as realistic as possible. They also wanted to keep crowds
away from the planes when they landed because they can kick up dirt and
debris, he said. The nine helicopters flew from outside Jacksonville to Piedmont Triad
International Airport to refuel. Then they
landed at the old Mt. Zion School on Huffine Mill Road, where 50 to 60
Marines enacted an invasion of enemy
headquarters. They set off smoke grenades, shot blanks with their M-16s and
blew off a door specially installed for the military activity.
But the covert training alarmed people throughout the city. Although the
helicopters were often 400 feet from the
ground, Darrenkamp said they dipped much lower while landing. Some
residents complained that the helicopters barely missed their houses.
"That (height) was cleared, according to the military, by the FAA," said
Capt. David Wray of the Greensboro Police
Department. "We were assured that every safety measure would be taken."
Residents in neighborhoods throughout the city -- including downtown,
Lindley Park, Old Starmount, Forest Oaks and Lake Daniel -- heard or saw
the deafening craft. And then the guessing began.
Was it a crashing plane? An air search for an escaped convict? One of those
medical helicopters?
Brien Deutermanand her husband Bill were watching television in their Old
Starmount home when they heard the helicopters. The couple, seated on their
couch, whipped around to peer out their picture window.
A plane was in trouble, they guessed. They thought of the recent accident
in which a small plane crashed into a home in Winston-Salem.
"It really startled us," Brien Deuterman said. "After what happened in
Winston-Salem a few months ago, that was the first thing that ran through
our minds."
Helen Ullrich rushed outside her home on Isabel Street to find her
pajama-clad neighbors standing in the street,
squinting into the sky at the passing helicopters. Scared children clung to
their parents, while adults slowly
relaxed. Then came the jokes.
The government is scaring us out of our houses to get an accurate census.
If we're in danger, why are we all standing in the middle of the road?
"Once we realized we were out of danger, we were just laughing about it,"
Ullrich said.
Copyright (c) Greensboro News & Record, Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:24:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Tracking: F.B.I.'s new national DNA database 
Source:  WorldNetDaily
F.B.I.'s new national DNA database Secret computer set to open for business The FBI is set open a new national DNA data base
tomorrow, The New York Times reports.
The data base, with a new generation of forensic DNA
techniques, is designed to catch repeat offenders, but
civil libertarians fear it will be expanded from people
convicted of crimes to include almost everyone, giving
the government inordinate investigative powers over
citizens. The national DNA data base, housed in a secret
location, actually consists of 50 data bases run by the
states but unified by common test procedures and
software designed by the FBI. As of tomorrow, the
Times reports, it will be possible to compare a DNA
sample from a suspect or crime scene in one state with
all others in the system.  (c) 1998 Western Journalism Center To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:24:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.32: FBI & Privacy Advocates Battling Over Wiretapping 
ISPI Clips 5.32: FBI & Privacy Advocates Battling Over Wiretapping
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Monday October 12, 1998
This From: ABCNews.com, October 8, 1998
Privacy on the Line
Law enforcement and privacy advocates are battling over wiretapping
boundaries in the digital age.
Michael Martinez
The FBI wants to be able to tap your cell phone. And it wants your phone
company to pay for the privilege of allowing the FBI to tap your cell
    That, at least, is the contention of privacy advocates and of the
telephone industry, which is under federal mandate to open all new
telecommunications technologies to wiretap access. Under the Communications
Assistance to Law Enforcement Act, telecommunications companies are
required provide wiretap capabilities for all of their new systems. Passed
by Congress in 1994, CALEA mandated that telecommunications companies
comply with access requirements by Oct. 25 of this year. That deadline,
however, has been pushed back until June 2000 by the Federal Communications
Commission as it tries to sort out just what the FBI is entitled to, and
how much reimbursement telecom companies should get.
     Originally, CALEA set aside $500 million to pay for infrastructure
upgrades on systems installed prior to Jan. 1, 1995. The United States
Telephone Association and other industry groups want that cutoff point
extended until 2000 as well, so that current systems are covered.
Voice Mail for Dope Dealers?
The telecommunications industry has introduced a wide range of popular -
and profitable - services in recent years, everything from prepaid calling
cards to Internet telephony to three-way calling. Cellular phones have
become nearly ubiquitous, and newer models are almost entirely digital.
Many customers have turned to third party voice-mail systems for message
services. When most of these systems were designed and implemented, no
thought was given to allowing federal or local law enforcement agencies
     The FBI says it's entitled to access these services under current
wiretap laws. Privacy advocates disagree.
     "The FBI has been trying to use CALEA to greatly expand its
surveillance capabilities in ways never anticipated by Congress when it
passed the law," contends Barry Steinhardt, executive director of the
Electronic Frontier Foundation.
     The telephone companies also disagree, at least in principle. More
important, if forced by the government to comply, they want the federal
government to pay for the technology necessary to make it happen.
     The FBI claims that a compromise proposal by the USTA, which
represents local telephone companies, was too narrow, and excluded many of
the technological advances that have made law enforcement's job more
     "There have been situations in which we've obtained permission to
wiretap, and we've been frustrated by the technology," says Stephen
Colgate, assistant U.S. attorney general for administration. "And the
criminals know it. Things like voice mail and prepaid calling cards, these
are the things used by the dope dealer or the bomb maker."
The Communications Haystack
The USTA, however, says the FBI is overreaching by including services not
covered by the original law.
     "The rules the FBI put forth in CALEA don't follow the intent of
Congress," says Michelle Tober, communications manager for the USTA. "If
the FBI wants this capability, it has to be granted to them by the FCC or
under a new law by Congress."
     The Electronic Frontier Foundation, along with the American Civil
Liberties Union and the Electronic Privacy Information Center, have
petitioned the FCC to limit law enforcement's ability to gain access to new
telecommunications services.
     "The problem with a wiretap is that it's a general search," Steinhardt
says. "Only one in six conversations that are recorded are criminal in
nature. Increasing law enforcement's powers will mean more conversations
recorded that have no bearing on investigations. We're giving them the
power to find a needle in a haystack."
     The FBI defends its proposed rules, saying that they still fall under
the original law allowing wiretaps, and that privacy will still be
protected by the judiciary system.
     "We still have to go before the judge. We still have to justify the
invasion of privacy in the courts," Colgate says. "We're not lowering the
bar by any means. This industry has been investing significant amounts of
capital into the infrastructure, and we've been losing (wiretap) capability
Copyright (c)1998 ABCNEWS and Starwave Corporation.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:25:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Tracking: NYT on FBI's Nat'l DNA Database 
Source:  New York Times
October 12, 1998
F.B.I. Set to Begin Using National DNA Database
By NICHOLAS WADE
In a computer at a secret location, the FBI will open a national
DNA database on Tuesday that advocates say could significantly
reduce rape and other crimes by helping to catch repeat offenders earlier.
The data base, with a new generation of forensic DNA techniques,
promises to be so efficient that some civil libertarians fear it will be
expanded from people convicted of crimes to include almost everyone,
giving the government inordinate investigative powers over citizens. The national DNA data base consists of 50 data bases run by the states
but unified by common test procedures and software designed by the
FBI. As of Tuesday, it will be possible to compare a DNA sample from
a suspect or crime scene in one state with all others in the system. The national data base has been nearly a decade in the making. The final
pieces fell into place in June when Rhode Island became the last state to
set up a DNA data base. But the system still faces many unresolved issues, which are likely to play
out according to the reaction from the public and the courts. One such
issue is what types of offenders should be included. Another is whether
the mass screening of suspects' DNA will prove constitutional. DNA, the chemical that embodies a person's genetic programming, can
be found almost everywhere. People shed a constant torrent of dead skin
cells. Criminals leave blood when breaking and entering; they shed hair
and skin cells in fights, deposit saliva on glasses and leave sweat stains in
head bands. From only a few cells in such sources, enough DNA can be
extracted to identify the owner. A DNA database of sufficient size could
presumably help solve many crimes. The crime-fighting potential of DNA data bases is becoming evident from
the experiences of Britain, which started earlier and has had fewer
administrative and constitutional hurdles to overcome. The data base
there initially focused on sex offenses but has spread to include burglaries
and car theft because of the high number of DNA matches that police
forces were obtaining. Moreover, there was considerable crossover at
least in Britain, among different kinds of offenses. "People who commit serious crime very often have convictions for petty
crime in their history, so if you could get them on the data base early you
may prevent serious crime," said David Werrett, manager of the DNA
data base for England and Wales. The English DNA data base includes entries from crime scenes and from
everyone convicted of a crime, as well as from suspects in unresolved
cases. Since the system's debut in 1995, it has matched 28,000 people
to crime scenes and has made 6,000 links between crime scenes. The
data base now holds 360,000 entries and Werrett said he expected it
would eventually include one third of all English men between 16 and 30,
the principal ages for committing crimes. Werrett said that the data base has grown because police forces in
England, which pay $55 for a DNA analysis, are finding it cost effective.
Recently the Police Superintendents Association called for the entire
population to be DNA tested. Forensic use of DNA in the United States is unlikely to go as fast or as
far as in Britain. "Their system makes a tremendous amount of sense the way they
approach it, but in the United States we have a different perspective on
privacy and on the extent to which we would be willing to depend on a
data base," said Christopher Asplen, executive director of the national
Commission on the Future of DNA Evidence. One major privacy safeguard in the FBI's system is that only a minute
fraction of a person's genetic endowment becomes part of the data base.
Under a new DNA profiling system known as STR's, for short tandem
repeats, a person's DNA is tested at 13 specific sites at which a short
length of DNA is repeated in a kind of stutter. The number of repeats is
highly variable from one person to another, so that measuring the number
of repeats at the 13 designated sites gives a way of identifying each
individual with a probability of one in several billion. The blood or other samples donated by individuals are retained by the
states in collections known as DNA banks. All that goes into the
computerized DNA data bases is the set of 13 numbers from the STR
measurements. Only identifying information, and nothing about a person's
health or appearance, can be divined from the STR's. Access to the DNA data base is permitted only for law enforcement
purposes, with a $100,000 fine for unauthorized disclosures. No known
breaches of the system have occurred. One major unresolved issue is that of the types of offenders from whom
DNA profiles should be taken. All states require people convicted of
serious sexual offenses to donate blood samples, but differ on requiring
samples from other groups such as people convicted of violent felonies,
juvenile offenders and parolees. Four states -- Virginia, Wyoming, New Mexico and Alabama -- require
all people convicted of a felony to provide samples for DNA profiling.
Louisiana allows DNA to be taken from people merely arrested in a
crime, a practice that has not been tested in the courts. State laws establishing DNA data bases have been challenged in 13
jurisdictions and have been upheld in all but one, in Massachusetts. Some
states have revised their original legislation to add offenses. "I think the trend is that 10 years from now all felonies will be covered,"
said M. Dawn Herkenham, chief of the FBI's Forensic Science Systems
Unit in Washington. "We recommend that all violent felonies, burglaries,
juveniles and retroactivity for people on parole be included." we have issued matches on three murders, five rapes, nine serious
robberies, two abductions and two violent burglaries." No state DNA data base has acquired the critical mass to furnish such a
hit rate. Many state laboratories are understaffed and have large
backlogs of DNA samples to analyze. The backlogs are particularly
worrisome in the case of rapes where specimens may lie unanalyzed
while the rapist assaults more victims. "People may be appalled to know
how many rape suspect kits are out there untouched," Ms. Herkenham of
the FBI said. "The hit ratio depends on whether we can go back and examine all the
evidence that comes in the door," said Dr. Barry Duceman, director of
biological science in the New York State Police Forensic Investigation
Center in Albany. "We are trying to address a crushing case backlog and
to get the technology on line -- you'd be hard pressed to say we are
overstaffed." The case backlog problem is compounded because state laboratories are
switching to the STR method of DNA profiling from an older method of
analysis called RFLP (for restriction fragment length polymorphism). All
the samples analyzed by RFLP must be redone by STR if they are to be
searchable in the new data base. When these teething problems are overcome, many experts believe that
the state and national DNA data base systems may have a significant
effect, particularly in reducing crimes like rape that often involve repeat
offenders. By scoring a "cold hit" between crime scene data and a
person, DNA data bases can be particularly effective in solving cases
with no suspects. "Once we get that infrastructure in place and start getting those hits, the
benefits will lead to higher utilization," Asplen said. But like other experts involved with DNA testing, he expressed concern
that DNA profiling be developed in a publicly acceptable way. "The
public does need to have a trust level with this and be assured that law
enforcement is not going to abuse this powerful tool," he said. One
practice likely to raise eyebrows, if not hackles, is mass screening, which
is widely used in the United Kingdom but not yet commonplace here. In high profile crime cases, police in Britain often ask, and can require, all
members of a town or building to give DNA samples so as to prove
themselves guiltless and help narrow the search for the culprit. The
National Commission on the Future of DNA Testing is examining under
what circumstances the donation of samples can be considered voluntary.
In an office, where employees who declined to donate a sample might be
fired, a police request for DNA might be coercive. A future use of DNA testing is that of phenotypic analysis. It will soon be
technically possible to infer from the genes in a person's DNA many
probable aspects of their appearance, such as hair, skin and eye color.
Werrett said the main problem with such predictions would lie in training
police to understand their probabilistic nature: told there is a 90 percent
chance that the suspect has red hair, investigators should not ignore the
10 percent chance that he does not. DNA reveals so much about a person that behavioral geneticists might
wish to search through state data banks for genetic variants linked to
criminal behavior. Most states say their DNA data banks can be
accessed only for law enforcement purposes, like the data bases. But
Alabama authorizes the use of its samples for "educational research or
medical research or development," an apparent invitation to genetic
inquiry. An impending issue is whether states should retain their DNA samples
once the information has been entered into the DNA data base. Forensic
managers like to retain samples as a hedge against changing technology.
Others say the DNA sample banks create an opportunity for abuse, and
that if there is another change in technology the government should just
rebuild its data base from scratch. Because DNA can be found at so many crime scenes, DNA data bases
promise to be powerful aids in catching criminals. But what thrills forensic
experts tends to chill civil libertarians. "The DNA data base started out with pariahs -- the sex offenders -- but
has already been enlarged to include other felons and will probably be
extended to include everyone, giving elites the power to control 'unruly'
citizens," said Philip Bereano a professor of technology and public policy
at the University of Washington in Seattle. Dr. Eric Juengst, a bioethicist at Case Western Reserve University in
Cleveland and a member of the FBI's DNA Advisory Board, said the
original policy in setting up the DNA data base was that it was "suitable
only for our most serious category of criminals," and that it would be a
breach of that policy to expand its scope. The risks raised by Bereano are worth watching, Juengst said, "but as a
society we have to learn how to control powerful tools of all kinds, like
nuclear power. I don't see it as an endless slippery slope."  Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:40:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: FBI Intentionally Obstructing Justice: TWA800 
Source:  The Winds
TWA FLIGHT 800 ANALYSTS SAY FBI IS INTENTIONALLY OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE
"I will probably never watch national
 television news again, and take it at
 face value for the rest of my life." -- Comdr.
 William S. Donaldson
The FBI and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB)
intentionally lied to Congress and the public concerning key evidence about
downing of Trans World Airlines Flight 800. So indicates recent evidence
brought to light in a tape-recorded conversation with James Kalstrom, the FBI
Special Agent in charge of the disaster investigation.
On that tape, obtained by Accuracy In Media (AIM) Chairman Reed
Irvine, Special Agent Kalstrom is allegedly heard to admit that U.S. Naval
vessels were present in the immediate area where, on July 17, 1996, TWA
Flight 800 was blown out of the sky along with its 230 passengers and crew.
Previously, the federal agencies contended publicly and in testimony before
Congress that the closest military asset other than an unarmed navy
aircraft, a
P-3 Orion, was the USS Normandy, 185 miles away. However, speaking on
condition of anonymity, a reliable source confirmed to The WINDS that the
claims Irvine is making as to the contents of the tape are indeed accurate.
In the recording, the details of which were disclosed privately to a meeting
of Washington's Judicial Watch, Irvine alleges that Agent Kalstrom is clearly
heard to confirm that there were in fact three U.S. Navy vessels within
three to
six nautical miles of the crash site. These ships, according to Kalstrom, were
on a highly classified mission. This information is enormously important
because it greatly strengthens the already formidable position of those
that a missile strike was responsible for the Flight 800 disaster.
Commander William S. Donaldson, USN Ret., a longtime thorn in the side
of the federal agencies investigating Flight 800, informed The WINDS that he
also has personally heard, and has a copy of, the aforementioned tape
recording. He quotes Special Agent Kalstrom as saying, in reference to
mysterious unnamed radar surface targets the FBI refused to identify, "We
know what they were...they were navy ships on classified maneuvers."
Of the two factions hotly advocating the facts indicating a missile strike,
believes it was an errant U.S. Navy anti-aircraft missile launched from those
very ships the FBI and NTSB claims were not present. The other position of
the pro-missile group asserts that the ships were present because the navy
knew that there was a threat of terrorist activity in the area and failed
in an
attempt to intercept the terrorists and thwart the destruction of the
airliner. This
is seemingly corroborated by eyewitnesses who claim to have observed a
previous attempt that failed, only because the vessel launching the
missiles was
too far offshore and out of range. Attempts to locate the craft bearing the
terrorists and their portable missiles were apparently the reason for the
"classified" naval presence in the area. It would also explain the presence
of the
P-3 Orion which is technically a navy sub-chaser but, according to Comdr.
Donaldson, can be used as a reconnaissance platform with its forward-looking
infrared (FLIR) optics and radar.
Comdr. Donaldson claims to also have obtained testimony from several
witnesses, one of whom "is an ex-Navy Bombardier/navigator aboard A6
Intruders, who observed an Aegis Cruiser to the west of the air disaster." An
Aegis is a highly sophisticated Virginia Class guided missile cruiser with
and electronic counter measures (ECM) that would be immensely suitable in
searching for and neutralizing a seaborne terrorist threat.
Because of the highly trained nature of men such as the A6
bombardier/navigator, Donaldson, in his words, considers the identification of
the Aegis Cruiser to be "positive, with 100% credibility."
Interestingly, the USS Normandy, the one warship the navy admits was 185
miles away, is also an Aegis Guided Missile Cruiser of the Ticonderoga Class,
stationed out of Norfolk, Virginia, less than 300 nautical miles away--an easy
and quick journey for the nuclear-powered cruiser.
Either the former A6 crewman has extraordinarily good over-the-horizon
eyesight, or the Normandy (or another Aegis Cruiser) was much nearer the
scene than the navy and FBI are willing to admit.
Much to the dismay and irritation of federal authorities from both the FBI
and the NTSB, the specter of TWA Flight 800 simply will not go away.
Special Agent Kalstrom went on record as angrily denouncing those
responsible for perpetuating American consciousness of the tragedy--and who
disagree with their official position of cause for the disaster: an
internally ignited
center wing fuel tank. Kalstrom is also quoted in Salon Magazineas
arrogantly admonishing that "these people should get a life." [1]
In that article entitled, "The Buffoon Brigade," Salonrefers to those
opposing the government's declaration as to the cause of the crash as a
"motley army".
That "motley army"--the one advised by Special Agent Kalstrom to pursue
a worthwhile existence--is composed of such as:
 Pierre Salinger: once Press Secretary to President John F. Kennedy former ABC News commentator  Admiral Thomas H. Moorer, USN, Retired: Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, arguably the most
powerful visible position in America outside the presidency (with
the possible exception of Federal Reserve Chairman)  Commander William S. Donaldson, USN Retired: Former Navy combat pilot 89 combat missions over Viet Nam Several years as a highly trained aviation accident investigator
and team leader in a dozen or more military crash investigations  Richard Russell: Former 747 pilot for United Airlines Over 26 years experience with the Airline Pilots Association
investigating commercial aviation accidents serving as the Air
Safety Representative for the agency  Former U.S. Army Major Fredrick Meyer: Army combat helicopter pilot Extensive combat extraction experience in Viet Nam with
firsthand witness of thousands of detonations of military
explosives ordinance Currently an attorney and Air National Guard helicopter pilot First person on the scene of the Flight 800 incident after he and
his copilot witnessed from their ANG helicopter what he says he
would "swear to God, was [exploding] military ordinance"
bringing down the TWA jet.[2] "Motley army"? Could it be surmised that many on Salon Magazine's staff--and the FBI--would kill (metaphorically speaking) to obtain such a life
as have those men--that is, if intellect and integrity are any longer deciding
factors in the definition of "a life".
With the exception of Fredrick Meyer, who The WINDS has already
interviewed extensively for previous articles on Flight 800, and Adm. Moorer,
this agency spoke at length with each of the aforementioned individuals.
"IT IS VERY CLEAR IT WAS A NAVAL MISSILE"
Pierre Salinger has informed this agency that he is in possession of what he
refers to as "new information that makes it very, very clear it's a naval
[that brought down Flight 800]....and very hot information about the number of
naval ships that were in that area--much more than anybody thought." He said
he was unable, at this time, to share details of that information with The
WINDS, but directed this office to a source which would. The information Mr.
Salinger alluded to, it turns out, is the same as what was revealed on the
aforementioned AIM tape recording.
Mr. Salinger has been the target of innumerable attacks by the media and
the U.S. Government for the position he has taken on the Flight 800 disaster.
"I've been so attacked by the press and everybody else," Salinger told The
WINDS, that he said he would not speak publicly on the TWA matter "until
the government comes out with what they claim to be a solution. If what they
say is something that we do not believe, then I'm definitely going to start
speaking." Interestingly, Salinger, and the unofficial truth about the downing of the
TWA jet, are taken quite seriously outside the United States media. In a
previous article, for example, The WINDS quoted The Times of London,a
newspaper of no small reputation, as reporting that "satellite images have
proved FLT 800 was tracked and hit by a sophisticated missile. 'An American
spy satellite positioned over the Brookhaven National Laboratory on Long
Island is said to have yielded important information about the crash. A law
enforcement official told The New York Postthat the satellite pictures show
an object racing up to the TWA jet...and smashing into it.'"
"There was extraordinary information that was being dug up by other news
organizations that was blocked and never ever went to the press," James
Sanders, author of The Downing of TWA 800told this office, "and yet the
most moronic government statement would go to the head of the line in each
and every case."
According to current knowledge there is, it seems, as much firsthand
corroboration that the aircraft was downed by an errant or intentionally
launched missile as there is for the fact that Americans have landed on the
moon. Yet, the obfuscation in which the FBI, NTSB and other federal
agencies are engaged seems to effectively blot that fact from their conscious
"That's something very weird," Salinger said, "because at that time, as a
matter of fact, at the top of [Agent] Kalstrom's list was the missile
theory. So
why," Salinger asked, "was he attacking me when I said it was a missile? The
reason he did is that I was talking about a naval missile--that's why. He
was thinking at that time that it was a missile," Mr. Salinger continued. "And
you know there were 350 witnesses that saw the missiles."
When asked if he thought that the media assault on him was orchestrated by
the government he replied, "I don't have any actual facts but I have had
tell me that it resulted because the FBI was in touch with the media."
Of the two positions previously mentioned as to the origin of the missiles
that destroyed Flight 800 in the eastern sky that July evening, the one headed
by Comdr. Donaldson holds that the missiles were SA6 SAMs (surface-to-air
missiles) of Soviet origin, launched by terrorists. The other view,
espoused by
Pierre Salinger and James Sanders, et. al., is that the missiles were errantly
fired by the U.S. Navy ships in the vicinity. There is, however, no dissension
between the camps on the fact that irrefutable data points to some manner of
anti-aircraft missile ordinance, whatever its origin, as the source of the
and definitely away from the absurdities of, as Sanders puts it, "moronic
government statements".
In his interview with The WINDS Mr. Sanders, expressing his frank
admiration for the former Navy Commander, admitted, "I really didn't have the
ability to get at the things that Donaldson has gotten at." Comdr. Donaldson's
chief logical argument against a failed navy missile test comes from his many
years experience with naval operations. He claims that the navy would never
test fire a missile off the U.S. coast with the capability, should it
malfunction, of
reaching land.
The fact that it is now apparently confirmed that there were, indeed, naval
warships in the near vicinity of the Flight 800 downing should cause
critics to
look more closely at the facts and compare them with what is becoming even
more confused and bewildered government explanations of the incident. But
will this new evidence of a government cover-up make any difference as to
whether the truth will be heard and accepted? This is the haunting question
pursues those who are perhaps getting their first real experience into the
that the New World Order exercises over information flow.
Their power for creating media stupefaction was vividly presented in the
opening paragraph of a recent Village Voice?article. "In January more than
twenty-five reporters attended the Washington, D.C. press conference,"
Voicecorrespondent Robert Davey reported in July, "--virtually a military
briefing that for all the actual media coverage it received might as well have
been labeled Top Secret. At the widely ignored event retired Navy pilot
Commander William S. Donaldson and former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff Admiral Thomas H. Moorer announced that evidence existed to suggest
that a surface-to-air missile brought down TWA Flight 800."
Davey shared, on the syndicated Mike Jarmus radio talk show, that he had
first become interested in the TWA Flight 800 affair "in Christmas of '96
Pierre Salinger came out with his charges," he said. "And it struck me as
interesting the way he was greeted with such hostility and so disparaged in
media."  AS AIRTIGHT AS IT GETS: Commander William
Donaldson pulls the flowers out of the FBI's garden. In a stinging letter to FBI Director Louis Freeh, Comdr. Donaldson presents
a most cogent and concise assembly of facts, decimating the government's
position on the cause of the tragedy.
In that document, a copy of which Comdr. Donaldson submitted to The
WINDS, he begins:
 "Considering your New York office's recent abandonment of its
 law enforcement responsibilities, let me refresh your memory and
 provide the following reality check:
 FACTS
In the entire history of American turbine powered civilian
air transport, there has never been an in-flight fuel tank
explosion in any aircraft caused by mechanical failure!
(Laws of probability do not support the NTSB theory). Jet A-1 fuel used by FL800 is safer than all its
predecessors. It cannot be made to explode in-flight unless
the tank is first exposed to shock (chemical properties of
the fuel do not support the NTSB theory)." Commander Donaldson informed The WINDS of an experiment he had
conducted for Fox Television News and other news organizations in which he
demonstrated by the use of Jet A-1 fuel in a tank at the same vapor
concentration that would have been present in Flight 800's center wing tank
that it could not have exploded as the federal authorities contend. None of
footage, Donaldson said, ever made it on the air.
Donaldson continues:
The fuel temperature in TWA 800's center wing tank
(CWT) was well below minimum flammability much less at
explosive vapor temperatures. (Environmental conditions
do not support the NTSB theory). There is no source of ignition in the B747 CWT (aircraft
design does not support the NTSB theory). Conventionally designed aircraft cannot fly much less
generate lift to climb absent the gross tonnage of fuselage
forward of the wing. (Laws of physical science and
principles of aerodynamics do not support the NTSB
theory). The twelve or more explosive chemical residue hits by
BATF's EGIS 3000 equipment are physical evidence of
high explosive involvement. (Leading edge hi-tech forensic
evidence does not support the NTSB theory). Testimony from eyewitnesses along eleven nautical miles of
shore front show first sightings of ascending objects that
cross correlate to a launch position well away from
FL800's track. (Eyewitness testimony does not support
the NTSB theory). The medical examiners' report shows a uniform
instantaneous cause of death and evidence of high velocity
metal in the cabin. (Post mortem examinations do not
support the NTSB theory). The debris field shows that TWA FL800's nose forward
of the wing was shattered after being hit from the left by a
huge force that distributed the gross tonnage as much as
2900 ft. right of the projected aircraft track. (Debris field
evidence does not support the NTSB theory). Comdr. Donaldson's letter to Director Freeh continues in considerably more
technical detail with each point followed by the parenthetical summation
with "(...does not support the NTSB theory)."
Other points including those summations are: (Ballistic geometry does not support the NTSB theory). (The historical record of airframe damage during in-flight
center wing tank explosions does not support the NTSB
theory). The forward cabin debris shows through-holes from left
side to right side [those that would have been made by a
high-speed object such as a missile passing through the
747's fuselage]. (The forward cabin debris does not
support the NTSB theory). The debris field shows initial cabin integrity was lost, 16
feet forward of the center wing tank at FS800, forward
left hand cargo bay. (The cabin break-up sequence does
not support the NTSB theory). Comdr. Donaldson then concludes his list of details, with which he is at
odds with federal authorities, with the pointed comment:
 The FBI has withdrawn before the cause has been determined.
 (The FBI does support the NTSB theory). Why?
Under the heading: "Collusion with NTSB Goals, Suppression of
Eyewitness Evidence" Donaldson continues to flay the FBI director with his
eminently logical analysis of the incident.
 Mr. Freeh I will be candid, the fact that the FBI is now joining in
 lockstep with the NTSB political script sadly was not a surprise
 to me, because of what I had discovered on Long Island.  Mr. Kalstrom's agents who 'who turned over every rock ten
 times' failed to tape critical eyewitness testimony, failed to
 establish visual bearing lines from the witnesses who observed
 ascending objects, failed to get elevation measurements, failed to
 get relative motion statements and in some cases failed to even go
 to the observation point, that is except from some eyewitnesses
 who didn't see the missile!...
 Multiple witnesses tell me agents on rare second or third visits to
 persons who saw ascending objects tried to get the witnesses to
 change their original stories? Many of these people are now
 afraid of and disgusted with their own government, the
 administrative mantra "no evidence of criminal act" is turning
 normal American citizens into bitter cynics."
Referring to the FBI's tightly choreographed control and feed of the media
Comdr. Donaldson seems to have no other recourse than to resort to sarcastic
humor in making his point on the ridiculous show produced for public
"It was entertaining," Donaldson told Director Freeh, referring to the CIA's
14-minute animated video on the disaster, "but like most cartoons [it] grossly
abused universal laws of nature. Like: Newton's law of gravitation, Newton's
first and second law of dynamics, Newton's' law of hydro-dynamic resistance
and fundamental principles of aerodynamic lift, drag, dynamic stability and
engine mechanics. Other than that," Donaldson cynically observes, "it was a
media masterpiece....Perfect junk science fluff for television."
The former navy commander continues to thoroughly wrap the
extraordinarily flawed FBI investigation in his Gordian Knot of logic as he,
point-by-point, encases the agency and the NTSB within a web of seemingly
inescapable logic. At one point he berates Freeh's organization by telling him
that if his "people had continued the commendable job the county police
started and actually developed witnesses who observed ascending objects, as
they [the county police] were doing, you would have provided the CIA with
data showing the object was moving three times faster than a 747 and was first
sighted close to shore."
Donaldson calls the CIA's "cartoon" a "most outlandish abridgment of
testimony and obstruction of justice" referring to the "amateurish
depiction of
sound analysis which claims that only the sound of the aircraft was actually
heard during the disaster. This, Comdr. Donaldson claims, fails "to consider
the number of explosions heard by witnesses."
Responding to the bizarre assumption that a noseless 747 could continue to
climb another 3,000 feet when it was already just above stalling speed, the
former U.S. Naval aviator asks rhetorically, "why doesn't the New York office
just have the cartoon changed and get the 747 to zoom climb to 30,000
feet...[?] After all, the cartoon's pilotless 747 [pilotless because the nose
section of the fuselage containing the pilots had been sheared off] is
already the
current record holder in the zoom climb category."
To this contention by the FBI and NTSB that the aircraft continued to climb
for another 3,000 feet after losing nearly everything forward of the leading
edge of the wings, the Pensacola News Journalcites Donaldson as saying,
"The final readings show chaos in the sky - with airspeed dropping
instantly by
almost 200 knots, the pitch angle jumping five degrees, altitude DROPPING
3,600 feet in about three seconds, the roll angle going from zero to 144
degrees (the airplane almost inverted), and the magnetic heading changing from
82 degrees [just North of due East] to 163 degrees [just East of due
South]."[emphasis supplied]. By Donaldson's account it appears that only if
one were
standing on their head while evaluating the data, could it have been
misconstrued as the aircraft CLIMBING 3,000 feet.
"'There couldn't have been an aviator at CIA who had anything to do with
that,' Donaldson said, 'They were laughed out of town by pilots.'" [ibid.]
"They [the CIA] failed to address the two 'bright', 'hard', 'high velocity',
'ordinance"' explosions three seconds apart, in addition to the large
[fuel] explosion agreed to by witnesses airborne, on land and sea."
Donaldson continues by explaining in detail how the linear scattering of the
747's debris is impossible to explain by any other theory than a high velocity
inertial and explosive impact crossing the aircraft's flight path.
As mentioned before, Comdr. Donaldson's logic seems inescapable and has
not been intelligently refuted in any government press release or document The
WINDS has been able to obtain. With his particularly blunt humor the former
naval officer, under the subheading, "The Train Wreck at 13,700 Feet" makes
the assertion:
 From a physics point of view, TWA FL800, at the time of the
 incident, represented a force of about 465 million foot pounds of
 inertia oriented on a vector of 071 [degrees] at 13,700 ft.
 In order to deflect the gross tonnage of debris to the positions
 found in the field, much of it thousands of feet right of course,
 either the aircraft was hit by an Amtrak metro-liner on the left
 side or by a powerful anti-aircraft weapon.
 Much of the forward fuselage debris is strung out on a
 160-degree axis which closely matches observed eyewitness
 missile intercept angles as well as known fuselage through-holes.
 Because the wind was very light and almost on the tail, the
 maximum windage offset of falling metal debris would be
 approximately an additional 200 ft. downrange. The same offset
 would be nearly universal throughout the field on similar heavy
 debris, but proportionally further for light debris.
 This massive deflection of tons of debris to the right...are absolute
 and irrefutable physical evidence of a massive blow to the
 forward fuselage from the left side.
Comdr. Donaldson then proceeds to confront the FBI director with even
more serious charges. Under the heading of "Obstruction of Justice by
Intercept" Donaldson charges,  Mr. Freeh, I am keenly aware of the justice department's
 suppression of the EGIS 3000 high explosive residue evidence
 gathered by BATF. Having consulted with both the equipment
 manufacturer and independent high explosive experts, the picture
 is clear.
Donaldson then explains for Director Freeh that the EGIS 3000, the most
advanced and sensitive state-of-the-art chemical analysis instrument currently
in existence, determined in no less than twelve instances that residue from
high explosive PETN was present on parts of the aircraft's wreckage. PETN is
an explosive used in, among other applications, the detonation of
plutonium-based nuclear weapons, as well as some commercial employment.
The flight data recorder apparently presents another critical piece of
evidence pointing to a cover-up. According to a report published by the
Pensacola News Journalin January of this year the NTSB is said to have
explained why the transcript of the last five seconds of Flight 800's data
recorder was cut. They claimed it was a leftover segment from a previous
flight. "'The only reason you put flight data recorders into an airplane at
of dollars' cost,'" the newspaper quotes Commander Donaldson as saying, "'is
to capture this last data line.'"[3]
The explanation given by the NTSB is that the last five seconds were left
over from a preceding flight. The paper quotes TWA pilot Howard Mann as
saying, "not possible - it's erased - there's just no way." [ibid.]
 RADAR TAPE AUTHENTIC - - FBI FRANTIC
Richard Russell, former 747 pilot for United Airlines with twenty-six years
experience in airline accident investigation with the Airline Pilots
obtained another crucial piece of evidence in the damning mosaic that
describes the last moments of the life of Trans World Airlines Flight 800 and
its occupants. Through undisclosed sources Mr. Russell came into possession
of a copy of the FAA radar video tape of the sky from which the ill-fated jet
When the FBI discovered that he had it, Russell told The WINDS, they
immediately confiscated it.
"After obtaining a copy of the tape," Russell said, "I studied it--I've worked
with air traffic control problems for years and years and I know what's on
tape. I can read it. What was on that tape," he asserts, "was not an
glitch. This was an unidentified rogue target going some place in a big
hurry--not a ghost target. But it is a definite rogue target that appears
for four
sweeps and then disappears."
A rogue target, Russell explained, differs from a ghost in that the rogue is
very real--just unidentified-- whereas a ghost target is a glitch, an
artifact that doesn't exist in real life.
"The interesting part about this," Russell added, "is that this target
just seconds before TWA 800 blows up. The speed of the target during those
four sweeps indicates something that was traveling very fast. They have never
talked about it," Russell elaborates. "They still will not talk about it.
controllers, I'm not sure how many, actually reported that it was a missile."
When The WINDS asked Mr. Russell if he had been able to extrapolate
the speed of the object from the radar images, he declined to share that
data at
this time. He merely stated that "it's faster than any jets that we have
operating except for the Concord, and this was not a Concord."
Russell then makes what, under normal circumstances, would seem an
incredible allegation. Concerning those controllers who claimed they saw a
radar missile track arcing toward Flight 800, "James Hall, the NTSB chairman,
told Barry Valentine--at that time acting head of the FAA--to obtain signed
statements from all the controllers that they were mistaken as to what they
saw. Barry Valentine, as far as I'm concerned, was the only guy in the FAA
who had any guts. He said, 'I won't do it.' None of them signed the statement
and, apparently because of that, Barry Valentine was involuntarily retired."
Author James Sanders is another who has felt the intense displeasure of the
government for his activities in exposing the cover-up of what has become the
most investigated air disaster in history.
Sanders is currently under indictment for receiving stolen wreckage of Flight
800.[4] He is accused of asking a TWA pilot, Terrell Stacey, to obtain
parts of
the aircraft including a piece of seat material from the Flight 800 wreckage,
even though the "hanger man", as Sanders refers to him in his book, testified
that he provided Sanders with the material "of his own volition"--without
asked. The government is proceeding with its prosecution of Sanders and his
wife, even in the face of federal case law that gives journalists the right to
request such services.
An interesting study in paradoxical hypocrisy is that Special Agent
Kalstrom, himself, took pieces of the aircraft as souvenirs for certain
according to Sanders, Donaldson and other sources. This was done about ten
days after the incident, Sanders says, which was before anyone knew what
potential investigation value any debris pieces might have. Yet, Kalstrom
suffers no legal problems from his action even though the law, Sanders claims,
clearly defines the act of retrieving such material for souvenir purposes
to be
illegal--while, at the same time, defining Sanders' actions as permissible for
"Both my wife and I were in hiding from the FBI and she was under
psychiatric care," Sanders told The WINDS.
Part of what caused the government to go after Sanders and his wife,
Elizabeth, was his insistence that the clearly visible reddish stain that
contaminated row 14 of the TWA jet was, in reality, rocket fuel residue.
Sanders claims that the federal agencies are afraid to do an analysis of the
"I have a legally tape-recorded conversation with a government official, Dr.
Merrit Burgee," Sanders claims, "who was the senior scientist for the NTSB in
Calverton Hanger [where Flight 800 wreckage is stored]. I have him on tape
admitting that they never intended to find out if my residue was from a
or not. On that tape," the author explains, the chemist "very clearly says
several times, and then he gives the very telling statement that 'Boy, if
we had
analyzed it and it came out wrong, then what do we do? We could never put
this thing to bed.'"
The FBI claimed, in March of last year, that the residue was glue. However,
Sanders claims that Charles W. Bassett [the chemist in charge of Flight 800
chemical analysis] agreed to him with a notarized affidavit concluding
"absolutely that the residue the FBI and NTSB were calling glue most certainly
was not."
Sanders claims many witnesses have seen the plain reddish trail left on the
aircraft's seats as something passed through the cabin forward of the
wings. He
also contends that all of the foam rubber from the backs of those seats
that had
the red stains had been mysteriously and purposely stripped away, but none
had ever been submitted for chemical analysis.
Interestingly, Comdr. Donaldson has suffered no harassment whatever for
his most active role in shining the spotlight on government blunders and
cover-ups. This is something he attributes to his extensive, unimpeachable
military record. Because of the multiple references and relationships he
maintains with fleet admirals and CINCPAC (Commander in Chief of Naval
Operations, Pacific) the "footprint" he lays down under that umbrella of
credibility is formidable enough that federal authorities apparently dare
not do
more than just wish he would go away. Others, such as Pierre Salinger and
James and Elizabeth Sanders, have not been so fortunate.
Richard Russell has had his share of government and media aggravation. He
told The WINDS that the FBI made multiple visits to his home attempting to
determine how he obtained that FAA radar tape--the same one they first
claimed was bogus; then admitted it was genuine.
Mr. Russell went on to make some very ominous statements in relation to
the strange manner in which the accident investigation was carried on.
When, according to Russell, the Airline Pilots Association representative,
whose name he declined to disclose, arrived on the scene of the Flight 800
crash, "he was greeted by 500 police officers, several hundred FBI agents and
twenty-three CIA agents."
"He went to the head APA official and asked, 'What the hell is going on
here?' The official said, 'I wondered how long it would take you to figure
"Normally," Russell continued, "investigators will take their clipboards and
cameras out and record the scene. When any of the investigators attempted to
photograph the area the FBI would forbid it." The APA investigator told
Russell that there were as many as two to six agents shadowing every
investigator, watching every move they made. If one would closely examine a
piece of metal, for instance, and lay it down, it would disappear when the
investigator was not present.
"He also told me that if you would pick up a fragment and call another
investigator over to look at it with obvious interest, an FBI agent would come
over and take it out of your hands and you would never see it again.
"This information comes from somebody on the inside and I cannot reveal
their names to you, but this is what went on there."
Russell said he first got interested in the disaster when the Defense
Department got involved at the outset. "Why is the Pentagon making an
announcement of a civil airplane disaster?" Russell asked himself. "I couldn't
believe that."
"The second thing that occurred to me," Mr. Russell shared, "was why is the
military involving themselves in this immediately? Generally speaking, the
military is brought into an accident investigation only after the civil
are unable to do the job."
The NTSB is the chief authority in investigating aircraft accidents-- even
above the FBI which, to Russell, made a strange scenario even stranger. "The
night of the disaster the navy provided a DC-9 in Washington and loaded up
the FBI and the navy people--and even though there were seats available, they
would not allow the NTSB Go-Team to ride with them. They had to wait until
the next day. By that time the FBI had taken over and never relinquished
"The most important data is the eyewitness reports. And they would not
even allow them to be interviewed by the NTSB people--only the FBI who
are not qualified to investigate accidents. But in this case they just
through with brute force and kept everyone at bay."
Any application of normal logic would clearly seem to indicate that this type
of activity portends far more than the government merely covering up the fact
of an errant missile strike.
Another observation can be made concerning the government's attempt to
conceal the truth from the American people and the world at large. Whenever
subterfuge is engaged and the government--or anyone for that
matter--contrives to deceive and cover up essential truth, a reaction takes
place where the truth appears to take on a life of its own. It will not be
or obscured and the more one attempts to do so, the louder and more
obnoxious the truth becomes until, like Poe's "The Tell-Tale Heart," the truth
just keeps beating louder until it must be acknowledged and its opponents
appear insane.
 For nothing is secret, that shall not be made manifest; neither any
 thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.--Luke 8:17
 REFERENCES:
 1.Salon Magazine,March 26, 1997.
 2.Pensacola News Journal, January 9, 1998.
 3.[Ibid.]
 4.FBI Press Release: "CONSPIRACY THEORIST AND WIFE, A
 SENIOR FLIGHT ATTENDANT FOR TWA, CHARGED IN
 CONNECTION WITH THEFT OF TWA 800 WRECKAGE".
 5.Commander Donaldson's letter to FBI Director Louis Freeh Page 1,
 Page 2, Page 3, Page 4, Page 5, Page 6, Page 7 RELATED ARTICLES:
Flight 800 - Why Won't it Go Away?
Witnesses Allege NTSB Covering Evidence of Missile Attack
Commander Donaldson's Flight 800 Report Refutes NTSB
Letter to WINDS about Flight 800 Copyright (c) 1998, The WINDS. ALL
 RIGHTS RESERVED.
  Contact The WINDS webmaster.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:26:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Fw: Every word on the Internet is recorded for ALL time 
-End of Original Message-----------------
Constitution Society, 1731 Howe Av  Sacramento, CA 95825
916/568-1022, 916/450-7941VM         Date: 10/12/98  Time: 17:09:43
     mailto:jon.roland
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:28:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.35: F.B.I. Set to Begin Using National DNA Database 
ISPI Clips 5.35: F.B.I. Set to Begin Using National DNA Database
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Tuesday October 13, 1998
This From: The New York Times, October 12, 1998
F.B.I. Set to Begin Using National DNA Database
        "The DNA data base started out with pariahs -- the sex
        offenders -- but has already been enlarged to include other
        felons and will probably be extended to include everyone,
        giving elites the power to control 'unruly' citizens."
NICHOLAS WADE
n a computer at a secret location, the FBI will open a national DNA
database on Tuesday that advocates say could significantly reduce rape and
other crimes by helping to catch repeat offenders earlier.
The data base, with a new generation of forensic DNA techniques, promises
to be so efficient that some civil libertarians fear it will be expanded
from people convicted of crimes to include almost everyone, giving the
government inordinate investigative powers over citizens.
The national DNA data base consists of 50 data bases run by the states but
unified by common test procedures and software designed by the FBI. As of
Tuesday, it will be possible to compare a DNA sample from a suspect or
crime scene in one state with all others in the system.
The national data base has been nearly a decade in the making. The final
pieces fell into place in June when Rhode Island became the last state to
set up a DNA data base.
But the system still faces many unresolved issues, which are likely to play
out according to the reaction from the public and the courts. One such
issue is what types of offenders should be included. Another is whether the
mass screening of suspects' DNA will prove constitutional.
DNA, the chemical that embodies a person's genetic programming, can be
found almost everywhere. People shed a constant torrent of dead skin cells.
Criminals leave blood when breaking and entering; they shed hair and skin
cells in fights, deposit saliva on glasses and leave sweat stains in head
bands. From only a few cells in such sources, enough DNA can be extracted
to identify the owner. A DNA database of sufficient size could presumably
help solve many crimes.
The crime-fighting potential of DNA data bases is becoming evident from the
experiences of Britain, which started earlier and has had fewer
administrative and constitutional hurdles to overcome. The data base there
initially focused on sex offenses but has spread to include burglaries and
car theft because of the high number of DNA matches that police forces were
obtaining. Moreover, there was considerable crossover at least in Britain,
among different kinds of offenses.
"People who commit serious crime very often have convictions for petty
crime in their history, so if you could get them on the data base early you
may prevent serious crime," said David Werrett, manager of the DNA data
base for England and Wales.
The English DNA data base includes entries from crime scenes and from
everyone convicted of a crime, as well as from suspects in unresolved
cases. Since the system's debut in 1995, it has matched 28,000 people to
crime scenes and has made 6,000 links between crime scenes. The data base
now holds 360,000 entries and Werrett said he expected it would eventually
include one third of all English men between 16 and 30, the principal ages
for committing crimes.
Werrett said that the data base has grown because police forces in England,
which pay $55 for a DNA analysis, are finding it cost effective. Recently
the Police Superintendents Association called for the entire population to
be DNA tested.
Forensic use of DNA in the United States is unlikely to go as fast or as
far as in Britain.
"Their system makes a tremendous amount of sense the way they approach it,
but in the United States we have a different perspective on privacy and on
the extent to which we would be willing to depend on a data base," said
Christopher Asplen, executive director of the national Commission on the
Future of DNA Evidence.
One major privacy safeguard in the FBI's system is that only a minute
fraction of a person's genetic endowment becomes part of the data base.
Under a new DNA profiling system known as STR's, for short tandem repeats,
a person's DNA is tested at 13 specific sites at which a short length of
DNA is repeated in a kind of stutter. The number of repeats is highly
variable from one person to another, so that measuring the number of
repeats at the 13 designated sites gives a way of identifying each
individual with a probability of one in several billion.
The blood or other samples donated by individuals are retained by the
states in collections known as DNA banks. All that goes into the
computerized DNA data bases is the set of 13 numbers from the STR
measurements. Only identifying information, and nothing about a person's
health or appearance, can be divined from the STR's.
Access to the DNA data base is permitted only for law enforcement purposes,
with a $100,000 fine for unauthorized disclosures. No known breaches of the
system have occurred.
One major unresolved issue is that of the types of offenders from whom DNA
profiles should be taken. All states require people convicted of serious
sexual offenses to donate blood samples, but differ on requiring samples
from other groups such as people convicted of violent felonies, juvenile
offenders and parolees.
Four states -- Virginia, Wyoming, New Mexico and Alabama -- require all
people convicted of a felony to provide samples for DNA profiling.
Louisiana allows DNA to be taken from people merely arrested in a crime, a
practice that has not been tested in the courts.
State laws establishing DNA data bases have been challenged in 13
jurisdictions and have been upheld in all but one, in Massachusetts. Some
states have revised their original legislation to add offenses.
"I think the trend is that 10 years from now all felonies will be covered,"
said M. Dawn Herkenham, chief of the FBI's Forensic Science Systems Unit in
Washington. "We recommend that all violent felonies, burglaries, juveniles
and retroactivity for people on parole be included."
have issued matches on three murders, five rapes, nine serious robberies,
two abductions and two violent burglaries."
No state DNA data base has acquired the critical mass to furnish such a hit
rate. Many state laboratories are understaffed and have large backlogs of
DNA samples to analyze. The backlogs are particularly worrisome in the case
of rapes where specimens may lie unanalyzed while the rapist assaults more
victims. "People may be appalled to know how many rape suspect kits are out
there untouched," Ms. Herkenham of the FBI said.
"The hit ratio depends on whether we can go back and examine all the
evidence that comes in the door," said Dr. Barry Duceman, director of
biological science in the New York State Police Forensic Investigation
Center in Albany. "We are trying to address a crushing case backlog and to
get the technology on line -- you'd be hard pressed to say we are
The case backlog problem is compounded because state laboratories are
switching to the STR method of DNA profiling from an older method of
analysis called RFLP (for restriction fragment length polymorphism). All
the samples analyzed by RFLP must be redone by STR if they are to be
searchable in the new data base.
When these teething problems are overcome, many experts believe that the
state and national DNA data base systems may have a significant effect,
particularly in reducing crimes like rape that often involve repeat
offenders. By scoring a "cold hit" between crime scene data and a person,
DNA data bases can be particularly effective in solving cases with no
"Once we get that infrastructure in place and start getting those hits, the
benefits will lead to higher utilization," Asplen said.
But like other experts involved with DNA testing, he expressed concern that
DNA profiling be developed in a publicly acceptable way. "The public does
need to have a trust level with this and be assured that law enforcement is
not going to abuse this powerful tool," he said. One practice likely to
raise eyebrows, if not hackles, is mass screening, which is widely used in
the United Kingdom but not yet commonplace here.
In high profile crime cases, police in Britain often ask, and can require,
all members of a town or building to give DNA samples so as to prove
themselves guiltless and help narrow the search for the culprit. The
National Commission on the Future of DNA Testing is examining under what
circumstances the donation of samples can be considered voluntary. In an
office, where employees who declined to donate a sample might be fired, a
police request for DNA might be coercive.
A future use of DNA testing is that of phenotypic analysis. It will soon be
technically possible to infer from the genes in a person's DNA many
probable aspects of their appearance, such as hair, skin and eye color.
Werrett said the main problem with such predictions would lie in training
police to understand their probabilistic nature: told there is a 90 percent
chance that the suspect has red hair, investigators should not ignore the
10 percent chance that he does not.
DNA reveals so much about a person that behavioral geneticists might wish
to search through state data banks for genetic variants linked to criminal
behavior. Most states say their DNA data banks can be accessed only for law
enforcement purposes, like the data bases. But Alabama authorizes the use
of its samples for "educational research or medical research or
development," an apparent invitation to genetic inquiry.
An impending issue is whether states should retain their DNA samples once
the information has been entered into the DNA data base. Forensic managers
like to retain samples as a hedge against changing technology. Others say
the DNA sample banks create an opportunity for abuse, and that if there is
another change in technology the government should just rebuild its data
base from scratch.
Because DNA can be found at so many crime scenes, DNA data bases promise to
be powerful aids in catching criminals. But what thrills forensic experts
tends to chill civil libertarians.
"The DNA data base started out with pariahs -- the sex offenders -- but has
already been enlarged to include other felons and will probably be extended
to include everyone, giving elites the power to control 'unruly' citizens,"
said Philip Bereano a professor of technology and public policy at the
University of Washington in Seattle.
Dr. Eric Juengst, a bioethicist at Case Western Reserve University in
Cleveland and a member of the FBI's DNA Advisory Board, said the original
policy in setting up the DNA data base was that it was "suitable only for
our most serious category of criminals," and that it would be a breach of
that policy to expand its scope.
The risks raised by Bereano are worth watching, Juengst said, "but as a
society we have to learn how to control powerful tools of all kinds, like
nuclear power. I don't see it as an endless slippery slope."
Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:25:48
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: "The Billion Dollar Terror Rumor" 
Source:  Salon Magazine
The billion-dollar rumor  How unsubstantiated reports
 that the World Trade bombers
 may have included nerve gas in
 their arsenal led to some pretty
 pricey public policy.  BY JEFF STEIN
 It began as rumor, then
 became fact.  Fact became alarm. And
 alarm led to a rallying cry
for a multimillion-dollar federal program that has
now itself ricocheted out of control. Kenneth Starr's investigation of President Clinton?
No, it's the federal budget for countering a
doomsday attack by terrorists armed with chemical
and biological weapons. The rumor in this case was that terrorists had put
deadly sodium cyanide into the monstrous February
1993 World Trade Center bomb that killed six
people, injured more than 1,000, blasted a
seven-story hole underneath the twin towers and
created panic in the streets of lower Manhattan.
The blast should have turned any sodium cyanide
present into hydrogen cyanide, unleashing a
poisonous cloud that could have instantly killed
hundreds or thousands more people. That is, had any sodium cyanide been there.
According to a thorough, as yet unpublished study
of the incident by an arms-control think tank at the
Monterey Institute for International Studies, there is
no evidence to support the long-swirling assertion,
which first surfaced in the solemn pronouncement
of a respected federal judge in 1994. The rumor
then made its way into scores of newspaper articles
and was cited by leading U.S. senators to support
anti-terrorist initiatives that have amounted to
billions of dollars, many of them unaccounted for,
according to a recent investigation by congressional
auditors. John Parachini, a senior associate at the Monterey
Institute, made a draft of the study available after
being contacted by Salon. Word of his findings has
been circulating in the community of Washington
terrorism experts. "I'm not against spending money
for defending against chemical and biological
weapons," Parachini said in an interview, "but we
ought to know why we're spending for it, and to get
the facts straight." In his study, Parachini noted that
the World Trade Center bombers considered using
chemical weapons, but did not -- an important fact
for government terrorism specialists to ponder. "Examining the motivations and behaviors of
terrorists who would have used a chemical weapon
if it was available, but did not, may offer important
lessons about how to thwart such attacks in the
future," he writes. Parachini traced the origins of
the cyanide gas story to the first trial of World
Trade Center bombers in 1994, when federal
prosecutors raised the specter of a chemical bomb,
no doubt to darken the jury's view of the
defendants. The theme was picked up by presiding
federal Judge Kevin Duffy in his sentencing
statement to the stone-faced defendants. "You had sodium cyanide around, and I'm sure it
was in the bomb," the judge intoned. "Thank God
the sodium cyanide burned instead of vaporizing. If
the sodium cyanide had vaporized, it is clear what
would have happened is the cyanide gas would
have been sucked into the north tower and
everybody in the north tower would have been
killed. That to my mind is exactly what was
intended." The judge may have been "sure it was in the
bomb," but the defendants were never even
charged under anti-terrorism statutes that make
mere possession of potential chemical and biological
weapons a federal crime, Parachini noted. The
rumor's origins date back to an earlier raid by the
FBI of a New Jersey storage shed rented by the
suspects. The agents found one sealed bottle of
sodium cyanide in aqueous form. Aqueous sodium
cyanide is used for photographic purposes and can
cost less than $3 per pound, Parachini noted in his
study, after consulting chemical experts. But it is
sodium cyanide in solid form, usually briquettes
costing many hundreds of dollars more, that can be
effective as a chemical weapon when it's converted
to hydrogen cyanide gas by a blast. Nevertheless, the federal prosecutor in the initial
World Trade Center trial raised the idea of a
chemical bomb when questioning a senior FBI
official, Steven Burmeister, about the consequences
of mixing sodium cyanide with other chemicals
present in the bomb. Burmeister testified that "if
you breathe that gas I'm afraid you've breathed
your last breath." Despite this "chilling testimony,"
however, "Burmeister never suggested during the
trial that his investigation had led him to believe that
the bomb actually contained sodium cyanide,"
Parachini writes -- and the trial transcript proves. In addition, an FBI chemist who participated in the
case told Parachini flatly, "There is no forensic
evidence indicating the presence of sodium cyanide
at the bomb site." Judge Duffy's statement to the contrary, however,
gave legs to the notion that the defendants had
made -- or tried to make -- a chemical bomb. No
less an authority than Maj. Gen. George Friel, the
former head of the U.S. Army's Chemical and
Biological Defense Command, told Gannett News
Service that the World Trade Center bombers may
have attempted to mix a toxic agent -- most likely
arsenic -- with the bomb they planted in the garage
of the building. That was a new one to federal investigators.
Neither FBI agents nor prosecutors mentioned
arsenic as a bomb ingredient in the trial. Despite the
nonexistent evidence, however, Judge Duffy's
charge was taken up by two influential senators,
Richard Lugar, R-Ind., and Sam Nunn, D-Ga., who
called it "a warning bell." "The trial judge at the sentencing of those
responsible for the World Trade Center bombing
pointed out that the killers in that case had access to
chemicals to make lethal cyanide gas ... and
probably put those chemicals into that bomb that
exploded," Nunn said during a 1996 floor debate on
a multibillion-dollar bill aimed at bolstering U.S.
defenses against weapons of mass destruction. Lugar also cited Judge Duffy's statement as
evidence of "how close we have come to witnessing
acts of terrorism involving weapons of mass
destruction directed toward the United States." He
urged his Senate colleagues to "listen to Judge
Duffy," and compared the World Trade Center
bomb to both the 1995 sarin gas attack on the
Tokyo subway by Japanese cultists and the
placement of a radioactive package in a Moscow
park. The media were next to pick up Duffy's theme.
One typical story, in the Los Angeles Times in July
1996, stated, "The World Trade Center bombers
had sodium cyanide, which if used ... would have
released poison gas, vastly increasing the fatalities
in New York, intelligence officials said." Syndicated
columnist Trudy Rubin cited Judge Duffy in the
course of applauding "some farsighted lawmakers
trying to confront the unthinkable." The Nunn-Lugar bill, which included $235 million
for training local "first responders" to a chemical or
biological attack, passed 100-0. But that was
merely the gateway to a mushrooming federal
anti-terrorism crusade that now costs upwards of
$1 billion a year -- and perhaps twice that,
according to some experts -- and that last week led
to the creation of the Defense Threat Reduction
Agency, which will "spend hundreds of millions of
dollars in research for better sensors and technology
to detect biological and chemical weapons,"
according to the Associated Press. Counter-terrorism may be the magic word for
funding programs in Washington today, but a
withering audit by the General Accounting Office
has raised questions about where the money is
going: "More money is being spent to combat
terrorism without any assurance of whether it is
focused in the right programs or in the right
amounts,'' said Richard Davis, a GAO auditor
specializing in weapons of mass destruction.
"Billions of dollars are being spent by numerous
agencies with roles or potential roles in combating
terrorism, but because no federal entity has been
tasked to collect such information across the
government, the specific amount is unknown,'' the
GAO said in its most recent report on terrorism.
"Further, no government-wide spending priorities
for the various aspects of combating terrorism have
been set.'' Meanwhile, past studies have cautioned that while
chemical or biological weapons may be cheaper and
easier to make than nuclear bombs, terrorists have
shied away from using them. Despite past
allegations, neither the Red Army Faction, the
Beider-Meinhof Gang nor the Weather
Underground ever used them, Parachini concluded.
Ramzi Ahmed Yousef, the convicted mastermind
of the World Trade Center blast, made the point
himself while flying back in custody from Pakistan,
where he was captured in 1996, the Monterey
Institute study notes. "Yousef ... revealed to U.S.
Secret Service agent Brian Parr that the WTC
bomb did not contain sodium cyanide or any other
poison, but that he had planned to use 'hydrogen
cyanide in some other form of a bomb, not as large
a bomb, but a different type of bomb to disperse
that [poison] in the Trade Center,'" the study says. "Yousef told Parr that he had decided not to take
this approach because 'it was going to be too
expensive to implement.'" The judge may have been "sure it was in the
bomb," but the defendants were never even
charged under anti-terrorism statutes that make
mere possession of potential chemical and biological
weapons a federal crime, Parachini noted. The
rumor's origins date back to an earlier raid by the
FBI of a New Jersey storage shed rented by the
suspects. The agents found one sealed bottle of
sodium cyanide in aqueous form. Aqueous sodium
cyanide is used for photographic purposes and can
cost less than $3 per pound, Parachini noted in his
study, after consulting chemical experts. But it is
sodium cyanide in solid form, usually briquettes
costing many hundreds of dollars more, that can be
effective as a chemical weapon when it's converted
to hydrogen cyanide gas by a blast. Nevertheless, the federal prosecutor in the initial
World Trade Center trial raised the idea of a
chemical bomb when questioning a senior FBI
official, Steven Burmeister, about the consequences
of mixing sodium cyanide with other chemicals
present in the bomb. Burmeister testified that "if
you breathe that gas I'm afraid you've breathed
your last breath." Despite this "chilling testimony,"
however, "Burmeister never suggested during the
trial that his investigation had led him to believe that
the bomb actually contained sodium cyanide,"
Parachini writes -- and the trial transcript proves. In addition, an FBI chemist who participated in the
case told Parachini flatly, "There is no forensic
evidence indicating the presence of sodium cyanide
at the bomb site." Judge Duffy's statement to the contrary, however,
gave legs to the notion that the defendants had
made -- or tried to make -- a chemical bomb. No
less an authority than Maj. Gen. George Friel, the
former head of the U.S. Army's Chemical and
Biological Defense Command, told Gannett News
Service that the World Trade Center bombers may
have attempted to mix a toxic agent -- most likely
arsenic -- with the bomb they planted in the garage
of the building. That was a new one to federal investigators.
Neither FBI agents nor prosecutors mentioned
arsenic as a bomb ingredient in the trial. Despite the
nonexistent evidence, however, Judge Duffy's
charge was taken up by two influential senators,
Richard Lugar, R-Ind., and Sam Nunn, D-Ga., who
called it "a warning bell." "The trial judge at the sentencing of those
responsible for the World Trade Center bombing
pointed out that the killers in that case had access to
chemicals to make lethal cyanide gas ... and
probably put those chemicals into that bomb that
exploded," Nunn said during a 1996 floor debate on
a multibillion-dollar bill aimed at bolstering U.S.
defenses against weapons of mass destruction. Lugar also cited Judge Duffy's statement as
evidence of "how close we have come to witnessing
acts of terrorism involving weapons of mass
destruction directed toward the United States." He
urged his Senate colleagues to "listen to Judge
Duffy," and compared the World Trade Center
bomb to both the 1995 sarin gas attack on the
Tokyo subway by Japanese cultists and the
placement of a radioactive package in a Moscow
park. The media were next to pick up Duffy's theme.
One typical story, in the Los Angeles Times in July
1996, stated, "The World Trade Center bombers
had sodium cyanide, which if used ... would have
released poison gas, vastly increasing the fatalities
in New York, intelligence officials said." Syndicated
columnist Trudy Rubin cited Judge Duffy in the
course of applauding "some farsighted lawmakers
trying to confront the unthinkable." The Nunn-Lugar bill, which included $235 million
for training local "first responders" to a chemical or
biological attack, passed 100-0. But that was
merely the gateway to a mushrooming federal
anti-terrorism crusade that now costs upwards of
$1 billion a year -- and perhaps twice that,
according to some experts -- and that last week led
to the creation of the Defense Threat Reduction
Agency, which will "spend hundreds of millions of
dollars in research for better sensors and technology
to detect biological and chemical weapons,"
according to the Associated Press. Counter-terrorism may be the magic word for
funding programs in Washington today, but a
withering audit by the General Accounting Office
has raised questions about where the money is
going: "More money is being spent to combat
terrorism without any assurance of whether it is
focused in the right programs or in the right
amounts,'' said Richard Davis, a GAO auditor
specializing in weapons of mass destruction.
"Billions of dollars are being spent by numerous
agencies with roles or potential roles in combating
terrorism, but because no federal entity has been
tasked to collect such information across the
government, the specific amount is unknown,'' the
GAO said in its most recent report on terrorism.
"Further, no government-wide spending priorities
for the various aspects of combating terrorism have
been set.'' Meanwhile, past studies have cautioned that while
chemical or biological weapons may be cheaper and
easier to make than nuclear bombs, terrorists have
shied away from using them. Despite past
allegations, neither the Red Army Faction, the
Beider-Meinhof Gang nor the Weather
Underground ever used them, Parachini concluded.
Ramzi Ahmed Yousef, the convicted mastermind
of the World Trade Center blast, made the point
himself while flying back in custody from Pakistan,
where he was captured in 1996, the Monterey
Institute study notes. "Yousef ... revealed to U.S.
Secret Service agent Brian Parr that the WTC
bomb did not contain sodium cyanide or any other
poison, but that he had planned to use 'hydrogen
cyanide in some other form of a bomb, not as large
a bomb, but a different type of bomb to disperse
that [poison] in the Trade Center,'" the study says. "Yousef told Parr that he had decided not to take
this approach because 'it was going to be too
expensive to implement.'" SALON | Oct. 8, 1998 Jeff Stein covers national security issues for Salon. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:33:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Privacy Fears: FBI's DNA Database 
Source:  San Jose Mercury News
Published Monday, October 12, 1998, in the San Jose Mercury News DNA database offers promise -- and privacy fears
BY NICHOLAS WADE
New York Times In a computer at a secret location, the FBI will open a national
DNA database Tuesday that advocates say could significantly
reduce rape and other crimes by helping to catch repeat offenders
The database, with a new generation of forensic DNA
techniques, promises to be so efficient that some civil libertarians
fear it will be expanded from people convicted of crimes to
include almost everyone, giving the government inordinate
investigative powers over citizens.
The national DNA database consists of 50 databases run by the
states but unified by common test procedures and software
designed by the FBI. As of Tuesday, it will be possible to
compare a DNA sample from a suspect or crime scene in one
state with all others in the system.
The national database has been nearly a decade in the making.
The final pieces fell into place in June when Rhode Island became
the last state to set up a DNA database.
But the system still faces many unresolved issues, which are likely
to play out according to the reaction from the public and the
courts. One such issue is what types of offenders should be
included. Another is whether the mass screening of suspects'
DNA will prove constitutional.
DNA, the chemical that embodies a person's genetic
programming, can be found almost everywhere. People shed a
constant torrent of dead skin cells. Criminals leave blood when
breaking and entering; they shed hair and skin cells in fights,
deposit saliva on glasses and leave sweat stains in head bands.
extracted to identify the owner. A DNA database of sufficient
size could presumably help solve many crimes.
Britain's experience
The crime-fighting potential of DNA databases is becoming
evident from the experiences of Britain, which started earlier and
has had fewer administrative and constitutional hurdles to
overcome. The database there initially focused on sex offenses
but has spread to include burglaries and car theft because of the
high number of DNA matches that police forces were obtaining.
Moreover, there was considerable crossover, at least in Britain,
among different kinds of offenses.
``People who commit serious crime very often have convictions
for petty crime in their history, so if you could get them on the
database early you may prevent serious crime,'' said David
Werrett, manager of the DNA database for England and Wales.
The English DNA database includes entries from crime scenes
and from everyone convicted of a crime, as well as from suspects
in unresolved cases. Since the system's debut in 1995, it has
matched 28,000 people to crime scenes and has made 6,000
links between crime scenes. The database now holds 360,000
entries and Werrett said he expected it would eventually include
one-third of all English males between 16 and 30, the principal
ages for committing crimes.
Werrett said the database has grown because police forces in
England, which pay $55 for a DNA analysis, are finding it
cost-effective. Recently the Police Superintendents Association
called for the entire population to be DNA-tested.
Forensic use of DNA in the United States is unlikely to go as fast
or as far as in Britain.
``Their system makes a tremendous amount of sense the way they
approach it, but in the United States we have a different
perspective on privacy and on the extent to which we would be
willing to depend on a database,'' said Christopher Asplen,
executive director of the national Commission on the Future of
DNA Evidence.
One privacy safeguard
One major privacy safeguard in the FBI's system is that only a
minute fraction of a person's genetic endowment becomes part of
the database. Under a new DNA profiling system known as
STRs, for short tandem repeats, a person's DNA is tested at 13
specific sites at which a short length of DNA is repeated in a kind
of stutter. The number of repeats is highly variable from one
person to another, so that measuring the number of repeats at the
13 designated sites gives a way of identifying each individual with
a probability of one in several billion.
The blood or other samples donated by individuals are retained
by the states in collections known as DNA banks. All that goes
into the computerized DNA databases is the set of 13 numbers
from the STR measurements. Only identifying information, and
nothing about a person's health or appearance, can be divined
from the STRs.
Access to the DNA database is permitted only for law
enforcement purposes, with a $100,000 fine for unauthorized
disclosures. No known breaches of the system have occurred.
One major unresolved issue is that of the types of offenders from
whom DNA profiles should be taken. All states require people
convicted of serious sexual offenses to donate blood samples, but
states differ on requiring samples from other groups such as
people convicted of violent felonies, juvenile offenders and
Four states -- Virginia, Wyoming, New Mexico and Alabama --
require all people convicted of a felony to provide samples for
DNA profiling. Louisiana allows DNA to be taken from people
merely arrested in a crime, a practice that has not been tested in
the courts.
Databases upheld
State laws establishing DNA databases have been challenged in
13 jurisdictions and have been upheld in all but one, in
Massachusetts. Some states have revised their original legislation
to add offenses.
``I think the trend is that 10 years from now all felonies will be
covered,'' said M. Dawn Herkenham, chief of the FBI's Forensic
Science Systems Unit in Washington. ``We recommend that all
violent felonies, burglaries, juveniles and retroactivity for people
on parole be included.''
``Today, we have issued matches on three murders, five rapes,
nine serious robberies, two abductions and two violent
No state DNA database has acquired the critical mass to furnish
such a hit rate. Many state laboratories are understaffed and have
large backlogs of DNA samples to analyze. The backlogs are
particularly worrisome in the case of rapes where specimens may
lie unanalyzed while the rapist assaults more victims. The case
backlog problem is compounded because state laboratories are
switching to the STR method of DNA profiling from an older
method of analysis called RFLP, for restriction fragment length
polymorphism. All the samples analyzed by RFLP must be
redone by STR if they are to be searchable in the new database.
When these teething problems are overcome, many experts
believe that the state and national DNA database systems may
have a significant effect, particularly in reducing crimes such as
rape that often involve repeat offenders. But like other experts
involved with DNA testing, Asplen expressed concern that DNA
profiling be developed in a publicly acceptable way. ``The public
does need to have a trust level with this and be assured that law
enforcement is not going to abuse this powerful tool,'' he said. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-15 04:27:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: ATTN: BlackNet, sog's keys 4 sale 
even in cyberspace, what goes around comes around..!!
I've observed some keys/bits have a certain "stigma" attached to them.
you might get good press breaking other keys, but
not them.
yes, performance-artist-known-as-toto, there are black clouds even in cyberspace

@_date: 1998-10-15 04:38:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Fwd: 10/13/98 MSNBC Special Report on Chem/Bio Attack; Tonight 
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
Content-ID: <0_908344735
Content-ID: <0_908344735

@_date: 1998-10-15 04:43:24
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.38: TRUSTe is Creating a New Child Privacy Program 
ISPI Clips 5.38: TRUSTe is Creating a New Child Privacy Program
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Wednesday October 14, 1998
This From: CNET News.com, October 13, 1998
New Guidelines on Child Privacy
Tim Clark and Courtney Macavinta
Staff Writers, CNET News.com
Industry group TRUSTe [  ] is creating a new child
privacy program that it hopes will address issues raised by the Federal
Trade Commission and the so-called Bryan bill now pending in Congress.
The FTC has reviewed TRUSTe's child privacy guidelines, which generally bar
Web sites from collecting personal information from children under 13
without verifiable parental permission. They also require child-oriented
Web sites to state clearly and prominently what information is being
collected and how it is shared.
"We want to help these sites catering to kids implement the bill," said
Susan Scott, TRUSTe executive director. "We have created a unique
children's seals, and to get that seal, sites need to comply with all the
FTC requirements to create and implement privacy statements."
Authored by Sen. Richard Bryan (D-Nevada), the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act was tacked on to the Internet Tax Freedom Act. The provision
requires parental consent before Internet sites can collect information
online from children age 12 and under.
TRUSTe backs the Bryan bill but is concerned that is currently tied to
Internet censorship legislation.
One major children's site, Yahooligans plans to post TRUSTe's new child
privacy seal because it says its practices comply with TRUSTe's guidelines.
TRUSTe is talking to another major children's site, Disney about joining
the program too.
"Our privacy practices are in compliance with keeping a safe environment on
the Web," said Rob McHugh, senior producer for Yahooligans, which has
updated its privacy statement but not changed its practices to obtain the
children's privacy seal. Yahooligans collects first names, age, gender, and
home state, but no individually identifiable information, such email or
physical address.
"The practices are in effect right now for any new applicants [for TRUSTe's
logo] for sites directed at kids under 13," Scott said.
TRUSTe hopes its guidelines will become a "safe harbor" for child-oriented
sites. That means the FTC would accept a site's use of the TRUSTe child
privacy mark as evidence the site is following the law, with TRUSTe
essentially becoming an enforcement arm.
The FTC still must promulgate regulations on child privacy, and TRUSTe
expects to alter its guidelines based on the federal agency's final rules,
which may not be completed for a year. Scott expects no major changes.
The Bryan bill would be the first online privacy legislation to pass,
giving the FTC authority it previously felt it didn't have to enforce
privacy rules.
Scott predicts that requiring parental permission before collecting
personal data on children will reduce the amount of information sites
"The cost of business has gone up because of the verification [that parents
approve]," she said. "Sites will need to look at their business models to
see if they need that personal information."
Scott praised Bryan for taking industry concerns into account by altering
the initial legislation, for example, to apply specifically to commercial
sites--not nonprofits--and by limiting the parental permission requirement
to children 12 years and under, not ages 13 to 19.
The Net Tax Freedom Act is still in limbo today as Congress's session comes
down to the wire. The Senate passed the three-year moratorium on new Net
taxes, but if the House doesn't push it through as is then Congress will
likely run out of time to pass the legislation.
There is speculation, however, that the tax moratorium will be attached to
omnibus spending legislation that could be passed by midnight tomorrow
before both houses adjourn. If the bill is passed, the child privacy
protections also will be ushered into law.
But the Net tax bill also contains a controversial provision by Sen. Dan
Coats (R-Indiana) that exempts commercial sites from the tax break if they
give minors unfettered access to "harmful" material.
Specifically, TRUSTe's Children's Seal Program requires that licensees not:
*Collect information from a child under 13 without parental consent or
direct parental notification of the nature and intended use of the data.
Parents should be able to prevent use of the information.
*Collect personally identifiable offline contact information from children
under 13 without parental consent.
*Distribute to third parties any personal data collected from a child under
13 without parental consent.
*Allow children under 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personal
information without parental consent. Sites must try to prohibit children
from posting any contact information.
*Use a games or prizes to entice a child under 13 to divulge more
information than is needed.
Copyright (c) 1995-98 CNET, Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-15 04:42:55
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.42: Poll Shows 75% of Canadians Worry About Internet privacy 
ISPI Clips 5.42: Poll Shows 75% of Canadians Worry About Internet privacy
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Wednesday October 14, 1998
This From: The Toronto Sun, October 2, 1998
1 in 3 plan to buy online, poll reveals
But Canadians still worry about privacy, security
Valerie Lawton
Toronto Star Ottawa Bureau
OTTAWA - More than one in three Canadians expect to buy something over the
Internet within the next couple of years, a poll suggests.
``That's a much higher figure than anything we've seen,'' said Frank
Graves, president of Ekos Research Associates.
``We're talking about a pretty radical transformation of the marketplace,
the world of commerce, in a very short period of time.''
The results of the Ekos survey are to be released today.
Canadians also told the pollster they have a number of worries about buying
About three-quarters of those asked said they would not be willing to give
their credit card number over the Internet even if they were buying
something from a well-known business.
And Graves said the poll found people would be more willing to shop on the
Internet if privacy and consumer protection measures were introduced.
It's an important message for business and government, said Andrew Reddick
of the Public Interest Advocacy Centre in Ottawa.
``They have to put consumers first if they want this to work,'' said
Reddick, whose centre also worked on the E-commerce study.
He's skeptical of the finding that one in three people plan to buy over the
Internet soon.
``It may be wishful thinking. It may be showing a high level of interest,''
he said.
``A lot of people aren't on the Internet - 75 per cent roughly still aren't
connected from the home.''
Some 7 per cent of Canadians said they had shopped on the Internet at some
point during the three months before the poll was taken.
Ekos has conducted three surveys on E-commerce over the last year or so.
The most recent, a telephone survey in June, involved 2,200 interviews - a
sampling that's said to be accurate within 2.1 percentage points, 19 times
out of 20.
In Ottawa yesterday, the federal government tabled legislation that
includes measures to protect personal information.
``For electronic commerce to flourish, we need confidence in how our
personal information is gathered, stored and used and clear rules for
industry,'' said Industry Minister John Manley.
The minister also announced yesterday that the government will take a
hands-off approach to cryptography, a method which encodes data so that
only individuals with the proper digital ``key'' are able to decipher it.
Copyright (c) 1996-1998, The Toronto Star.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-15 04:38:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Surveillance: Candid camera for criminals 
Source:  BBC
 Tuesday, October 13, 1998 Published at 18:48 GMT 19:48 UK UK Candid camera for criminals Three steps to criminal-spotting A revolutionary surveillance system that can pin-point known criminals as
they walk along in a crowd is being put to the test in a London borough. The Mandrake face recognition system will seek out 'target faces' in the
closed circuit television (CCTV) footage in the Newham area. Councillor Ian Corbett said the decision to go ahead with the 60,000
six-month trial was made in response to the concerns of local residents.
"We've done surveys recently and 60% of the population said that crime
prevention was the No 1 issue in the community," Mr Corbett said. But fears of innocent people being identified by mistake have lead civil
liberties groups to condemn the system and call for it to be tightly
regulated. Making a match Newham has a network of 140 street cameras as well as 11 mobile camera units. Images beamed into the council's security centre in East Ham will be
compared with a database of target faces supplied by police. The system can isolate the targets from the crowds of people appearing on
CCTV. When a match is made the computer highlights the target and sounds an
alarm. An operator then checks the image and decides if it is necessary to contact
the police. The police in the area see the system as a way of making CCTV more efficient. "The people who go onto the system will be convicted criminals," said Chief
Superintendent David Armond. Depending on the success of the trial, other targets like paedophiles could
also be scanned. The system could also be used to help track down missing
persons. Advanced technology Mandrake is the first identification system to be able to work from moving
pictures. It has been designed by Software Systems International which has
been concentrating on identification systems for several years. Less advanced systems are already in operation, including one which
compares pictures of criminals with individuals crossing the Mexican border. One state in the US is using a database of millions of pictures to check on
people who may be entering into more than one marriage, and another state
is checking for duplicate drivers' licence applications in the same way. "The ability to capture a moving face is quite a new innovation and makes a
lot of difference to being able to work with things like CCTV," Software
Systems marketing manager Pat Oldcorn said. However she acknowledges that the computer will not always strike a perfect
match. "We do expect that we will get a little bit of difference in interpretation
because sometimes it will pick up a face at a three-quarters angle. We will
need to use the human element to check the authenticity of the picture,"
she said. Big brother concerns It is the risk of error that has the civil liberties group Liberty most
concerned. "The accuracy of facial mapping is very limited," campaigns manager Liz
Parratt said. "For example, you need only to look at a handful of photos of celebrities
to see how different the same people can look in different photos." "The claim that those who have nothing to hide have nothing to fear is
rubbish. What the police call an 80% success rate is what we would call a
one in five chance of a mistake." Ms Parratt said that even if the system did work, it would have to be
carefully regulated to protect people's privacy. But Councillor Corbett said he was most concerned about the civil liberties
of innocent people. A reduction in the crime rate in Newham over the next six months will
persude the Labour-dominated council to continue with the system. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-15 04:41:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: The Road to Biometric IDs: Identity Theft 
Source:  ABC
When Someone Else Becomes You - Identity Crisis Lost Privacy is Price of Information Revolution
"You feel like [your credit rating] is a mark of integrity, and  then
you're treated like a criminal and the whole onus is on you to prove you
didn't do it." - identity theft  victim Amy DuBois
Could someone morph into you? (ABCNEWS.com)  By Jan M. Faust
 ABCNEWS.com
 Oct. 9 - Babies are targeted. So are ex-lovers, ex-roommates, ex-friends
and ex-spouses. And oh yeah, strangers too. People who use the Internet are
definitely at risk. And so are those who don't.
When it comes to identity theft-the pilfering of someone's personal data to
get a free ride on a clean record or bountiful credit-the scams are so
wide-ranging that there can be no generalization about who will get hit and
who won't.
Although there are no definite numbers on the incidence of identity theft
in the United States, it is believed to be
 on an explosive trajectory. Last year, Trans Union, one of the nation's
three major credit bureaus, reported approximately 350,000 cases of
identity fraud. And, the U.S. Secret Service, a wing of the Treasury
Department that gets involved on the larger cases, arrested approximately
10,000 people for participating in organized identity theft rings.
As the numbers keep mushrooming, so have costs-up from $442 million in 1995
to $745 million in 1997, says Assistant Deputy James Bauer of the Secret
Service. "So there's been a significant increase in the losses that tell us
they're doing it more and applying a certain level of expertise."
 Your Money and/or Your Life
 When your evil doppelgangers go for convertible sports cars, or chunky
diamond necklaces, more than your credit rating can be damaged. "I can promise you the day you learn of it you are at least 18 months from
being whole again, " says Bauer. "During which time you can't buy a car,
get a loan, maybe you're turned down for a job, and you may not even know why.
Amy DuBois knows this firsthand. The 34-year-old Boston surgeon was
swindled in what seemed a simple purse filching from her locked desk at the
hospital. She took immediate, and what she assumed was adequate, action by
canceling her credit cards and checks.
Once that might have been enough. But as Bauer points out, new safeguards
in the credit industry, like real-time verification of credit cards, have
forced thieves to get craftier.
The end result is that now, "Pickpockets will steal your wallet, and I say
this facetiously, but they'll give you back the cash, just to get the IDs,"
says Bauer.  Instant Credit Can Be an Instant Headache
 Although DuBois never recovered her purse or the money in it, it was the
identification that was the real commodity. "Nearly two years later,"
DuBois says, "I got a phone call at home from a collection agency about an
overdue credit account of $3,500 from a jewelry store in Detroit.
"And then they started coming-I got two more notices in the mail, and two
by phone within the next couple of days." When she checked her credit
report, she found that almost $30,000 dollars of jewelry, roaming cell
phone charges, and department store items had been racked up in her name,
from accounts made stores with instant credit, billed to
addresses that weren't hers. "The instant credit folks, like the departments stores, they're not
checking or verifying because they're so eager to have new customers,
because it's so competitive," says Beth Givens of the Privacy Rights
Clearinghouse, whose consumer organization publishes help for victims. "I
think the blame for a good bit of this epidemic lays at the feet of the
credit industry."  Will the Real Amy DuBois Stand Up?
 The fake Amy DuBois, it turned out, was a serious shopaholic. The real
DuBois said that seeing her own credit report was "eerie"
"Your student loans are there, your own Neiman-Marcus account, and then
next to those are nine accounts that just aren't yours, marked delinquent."
After 30 hours of her own time, four uninterrupted days of her secretary's
time, and about $1,000 in lawyer's fees, DuBois is gradually starting to
sort things out. That's typical, explains Ed Mierswinsky, a consumer
advocate at the U.S. Public Interest Research Group. "The victims end up in a real mess. They sit on hold with the credit card
companies, they sit on hold with the credit bureaus, they get on endless
voice mail loops, the police don't care because the amount of money lost
doesn't make their threshold for making major cases and getting promotions."
For DuBois, what lingers now besides the voluminous paperwork needed to be
filed whenever she legitimately needs to establish credit, is suspicion and
mistrust about giving out her personal identifiers. Recently while trying to open an account at Blockbuster Video, she was
asked for her driver's license and Social Security number. "I said, 'No,
I'm not providing that. You don't need to have that.'" Although she
eventually relented on the driver's license, she said she's much more
protective of her Social Security number.  Give Me Some Credit Here
 Guarding that precious number is one key to improving your odds, agree
privacy rights advocates. Criminals will try to liberate it from you in a
number of ways, as low-tech as sifting through your garbage can for
records, and as high-tech as setting up application forms on Internet sites
offering credit cards at the impossibly low, low rate of 1 percent APR. And since it's extremely difficult to eliminate risk, Givens suggests
ordering your credit report at least once a year. "The key is to catch it
early. We recommend just going to one of the three credit bureaus, and if
you see signs of fraud, then order the other two."
That would have helped DuBois, who's says she'll feel insecure and violated
for the rest of her life.
"It's a very strange sensation. I have a very good credit record, I've been
very careful. You feel like it's a mark of integrity, and then you're
treated like a criminal and the whole onus is on you to prove you didn't do
it. The whole thing is very frightening." For all of her expense and troubles, DuBois' experience could have been
worse. More damaging than run-of-the-mill credit theft are those cases
where criminal records or vital statistics are affected, through marriage,
divorce, an arrest, or even death under the cloned name. "I know of a case out West where a lady died using an assumed name," says
Bauer, "and the true name holder had to get a death certificate undone." Recent Examples of Identity Theft In New York this week, the state attorney general warned of a scam being
circulated through e-mail, faxes and fliers offering consumers a
reimbursement of $500 from Gerber Baby foods as settlement in a phony class
action. To apply, parents were asked to send copies of their child's birth
certificate and Social Security card. Babies' Social Security numbers are
plum because they allow for unflawed credit, and are rarely checked for
fraud. John and Jane Smith's adult daughter obtained credit cards in their
name and ran up debts of more than
$40,000. She paid the interest fees so as not to alert her parents of her
use of the credit cards, but was not able to keep up the payments. The
credit card companies now demand the Smiths pay the bill, given that the
debtor is their daughter.
A thief stole Annette's wallet, and has since written bad checks in her
name, and used her credit cards. Annette
wonders if anyone pays attention to driver's license photos. The thief is
white and Annette is African-American. To make matters worse, she has to
pay $10 every time she needs a notarized affidavit stating she is not the
crook. Meredith rented a room in her home to a woman who found her SSN. She
collected the pre-approved offers of
credit that were mailed to the house, filled them out in Meredith's name,
and obtained 15 credit cards. She
watched the mail and retrieved the monthly statements before Meredith saw
them. She has since moved out,
leaving Meredith with debts totaling $74,000. Francine was employed for a time as a writer for a publishing company.
After she left, she found that her
employer was using her SSN and driver's license number to obtain credit in
her name. A police department
detective investigating the case told Francine that the woman has a long
history of identity theft spanning many
states. Cheryl and her 7-year-old daughter went to the bank to open a checking
account for the daughter. The bank told
Cheryl her daughter had a bad credit report. Cheryl thinks that her
ex-husband has been using the child's Social
Security number to open credit accounts.  To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-16 14:01:01
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ** National ID Alert - Again ** 
We have been made aware by concerned staff members on the Hill that the
one-year moratorium on implementing the National ID regulations is once
again under attack from Rep. Lamar Smith. Not more than a week ago we
sent out a similar alert after Smith was successful in convincing
Speaker Gingrich to remove the provision from the bill. After our alert,
many of you called Speaker Gingrich and told him "No to the National
ID". Because of your prompt action and phone calls, he was forced to
back down and allow the moratorium provision in the Omnibus
Appropriations Act for FY99. Now, in the waning hours of the 105th Congress, Gingrich is wavering on
the issue and considering pulling the one-year moratorium from the bill
at Smith's request. We need your help to stop Lamar Smith's stealth
attacks on our freedoms by calling his office and Speaker Gingrich and
telling them both, "No National ID for the American people!" The bill
will probably come to a vote in the House TODAY. IT IS IMPERATIVE THAT
YOU * CALL * THEIR OFFICES. With all of the last minute legislative
activity occurring today, a phone call will be the only way that your
voice is heard on this matter.
Lamar Smith 		202/225-4236
Speaker Gingrich 	202/225-0600 Thanks in advance for your prompt attention. Patrick Poole
Coalition for Constitutional Liberties
Free Congress Foundation
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-16 13:59:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: HOUSE APPROVES Y2K BILL 
HOUSE APPROVES Y2K BILL
 The U.S. House of Representative has voted
407-3 to authorize the president's Council on the Year 2000
Conversion to take control of computer systems of critical agencies
if they're unlikely to be able to avert a crisis because of the Year
2000 software problem, in which old programs using 2-digit codes for
years will be unable to do correct date-based calculations.  The
Senate has not yet voted on the measure.  (AP 13 Oct 98) To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-16 14:00:04
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISP not liable for customer's messages 
INTERNET PROVIDER NOT LIABLE FOR MESSAGES OF ITS CUSTOMERS
An appeals court in Florida has ruled against a woman who sued America Online because one of its customers, a convicted sex offender, used an AOL chat group to try to sell the woman's 11-year-old son a pornographic video. The court said that federal law protects online services from being held liable for the messages transmitted by their members sell the videotape of the boy. The defeated lawsuit, which is being appealed to the Supreme Court, tried to characterize America Online as "a home shopping network for pedophiles and child pornographers."  (AP/Washington Post 15 Oct 98)
Peter J. Celano    petec
pgp key on request
   member SPECLUSA    < ><
Ready to DO something?  Try Always remember - LIPS SINK SHIPS!!!
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email

@_date: 1998-10-17 06:33:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.47: High-Tech Spying Gear Not Just For 007 
ISPI Clips 5.47: High-Tech Spying Gear Not Just For 007
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday October 16, 1998
This From: ABC News.com, October 7, 1998
Surveillance Tools Get Smarter, Smaller
What the Watchers Use
Chris Stamper, spies
Are you being watched? Or listened to? High-tech spying gear is making
surveillance easier as the equipment gets smaller. And it's not restricted
to Big Brother.   The Searchcam allows for filming in tight
corners.(Surveillance Systems)
     Bill DeArman, a senior special agent of the Customs Service, says that
most privacy threats today come from gizmos bought in shopping malls, not
obtained on the black market from KGB or Mossad defectors. A cheap
disposable camera or a hand-held tape recorder can be as dangerous as the
latest surveillance equipment.
    "People are looking for the ultimate gizmos, but the people who commit
crimes aren't necessarily high-tech," DeArman says.
What the Pros Use:
But if it's the high-end, expensive gear you want, that's increasingly
available to civilians.
    Pinhole video cameras, for example, can be hidden in an wide variety of
household products. "You need a hole as small as 1/16 of an inch." says
Jeff Hall, vice president of Gadgets By Design, a Lansing, Mich.-based
company that makes surveillance equipment. "We've put them in light
fixtures, computers and VCRs."
    A basic pinhole video cam costs $129, according to Hall.
    They're called "pinhole" because they have extremely small lenses, not
because they resemble the toys children make from oatmeal boxes. A wire
runs from the tiny TV camera to a transmitter or a recording VCR. Hall's
company has hidden these cameras in hats, thermostats, wristwatches and
smoke detectors.
     Most of the company's sales come from businesses that want to keep
track of their stock or watch their employees. "If you wanted to put a
camcorder in the back room, it's hard to do that inconspicuously," he says.
"We have to get smaller and smaller to stay one step ahead of the bad
The Latest Fashion:
A New York company called Electronic Security Products sells wearable
cameras disguised as brooches, pens and eyeglasses. "They're used for
recording video one-on-one," says company president Avi Gilor. A wire runs
from the camera to a transmitter concealed in a pocket.
      If there's no light to see by, then infrared can come in handy.
Bakersfield, Calif.-based Search Systems sells the probelike Searchcam
($10,687) to law enforcement and rescue workers in tight corners. An
infrared camera shaped like a long nightstick, the Searchcam is meant to be
poked into small openings such as heat vents, doorways and windowsills.
     "Officers in a high-risk situation can extend their eyes and ears in
places where they wouldn't put their heads," says Scott Park, president of
Search Systems.
Listen to Birds-Not People:
U.S. law says little about video surveillance, so just about anyone can
watch you without fear of prosecution. Audio surveillance, on the other
hand, is regulated by the 1984 Omnibus Crime Control Act, and arrests and
prosecutions for eavesdropping are not uncommon. Ronald Kimble, America's
biggest spy shop owner, is currently serving a five-month sentence after
being busted in 1995 on 70 counts of dealing in illegal wiretapping
equipment. Kimble spent 11 years as an agent with the Drug Enforcement
Agency before starting a chain of stores called The Spy Factory.
    Bugging devices, often hidden in household items, are confiscated daily
at the border by Customs agents. The Customs Service says the law is too
weak, however; criminals only face up to six months for each count of
importing spy equipment.    A camera could be hiding in what appears to be
a thermostat. (Gadgets by Design)
    "The consensus of opinion is that technology has grown so rapidly, so
quickly, that laws aren't up to speed," says agent DeArman.
    Often the legality of an item depends on its use. Parabolic
microphones, for example, can be legally used for bird-watching or for
professionally recording sports events. These devices, which look like
small, hand-held satellite dishes, are 75 times more powerful than standard
mikes and usually cost about $900.
    "A parabolic microphone, if it looks like a dish at a football game, is
a legal device," DeArman says " If you disguise it as an umbrella to listen
to what people have to say, then it's illegal."
Copyright (c)1998 ABCNEWS
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-17 06:33:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Silent Weapon of Mass Destruction 
Source:  Washington Times
The silent weapon
 By Richard Grenier
 THE WASHINGTON TIMES
There is a certain logic to it, I suppose. Two nuclear
 explosions in Japan half a century ago, with great blasts,
 great noise, mushroom clouds, many dead. It terrified America
 and much of the world and, except for military circles, little
 thought was given to the estimated million American soldiers
 who might have given their lives if they'd tried to storm Japan
 without the nuclear bombs' aid.
But that's the way it goes. A historical event surrounded by
 great theatrical effects makes a really big impression. But what
 if the next weapon of mass destruction is silent, gives no
 warning, is not preceded by a pyrotechnic blast, but takes
 effect more slowly, leaving hospitals swamped, and millions in
 great American cities with hideously blistered faces dying in the
 streets?
The doctors sent to succor them also die the same painful
 and unsightly deaths. For biological weapons now have the
 potential to wipe out cities, states and even entire national
 populations if positioned in the air, water supply or food
 supply. The food supply would progressively be shipped to
 various parts of the country, ultimately killing millions of people.
 And all, except for the groans of the dying, could be done in
 relative silence, with only the piles of dead in the streets to bear
 witness as in the Plague Years of the Middle Ages.
As pointed out by former Secretary of Defense William
 Perry, most biological agents are sensitive to heat, and
 ready-to-eat foods are the most likely vehicles for mass
 contamination. So eat up your Quick Burger and fries with
 confidence that death will soon follow. Food processing plants
 and water purification facilities also provide tempting targets.
Microorganisms, it should be noted, are a very inexpensive
 way to exterminate entire populations. Above all, many
 microorganisms can be cheaply grown, each having its own
 unique uses. As stressed by Carl Yaeger of Utah Valley State
 College and Steven Fustero, IACSP Director of Operations,
 this is a great advantage in deciding the effect wished to be
 brought about on the section of the population at which the
 attack is directed. Since the organisms are capable of rapid
 reproduction, only a small amount is required to infect a very
 large area.
But possibly more interesting than the large area to be
 infected is the selectivity. With the development of biochemistry
 and genetic engineering, it might be possible to target ethnic
 groups -- which, once it is announced to the general public,
 should do wonders for the harmony of America's various ethnic
 and racial groupings. Judging by some recent events, there are
 not a few extremist groups in the United States that would give
 little thought to wiping out thousands of "undesirables." This
 kind of germ weapon would be highly prized in the hands of
 terrorist groups, and in the hands of these terrorists could well
 be more lethal than tactical nuclear weapons.
A terrorist can accomplish his agenda in many ways with
 biological weapons. Terrorists are creative and use varying
 tactics, as is spelled out in Yonah Alexander's book
 "International Terrorism." The book gives an alarming list of
 different styles of terrorism in different parts of the world.
 Contributing to the problem is the easy availability of
 information for anyone who would mix up a bag of anything
 toxic from recipes readily accessible on the internet.
As Fred Reed points out in his essay "Publishing Do It
 Yourself Munitions Books Increases the Risk of Terrorism,"
 much of this information is not that hard to get. Even nerve gas
 has a patent that makes the formula public. Biological weapons
 do not have a single, unique effect. Human beings along with
 other animals are constantly being attacked by disease-causing
 bacteria and viruses.
Biological weapons, for the most part, create the same
 effects as any of the wide variety of naturally occurring
 diseases, which makes tracking them down so baffling. These
 artificial agents could be used merely to weaken the targeted
 population, to intimidate it with no intention of inflicting wide
 scale casualties, or simply to wipe it out. The options are many.
Biological agents can also be selective in another way, as
 they could be used to target crops and cattle or to start an
 epidemic of a highly dangerous disease such as smallpox.
 Furthermore, if an agent were released in the proper way, it
 could be months before anyone even knew how the epidemic
 had started. And there are many other advantages of using
 biological weapons. Terrorists do not necessarily need or want
 a weapon of mass destruction. A simpler biological weapon
 might be more controllable and kill enough people to suit the
 terrorists' purposes.
Still another advantage could be secrecy and concealment.
 Limited attacks could be carried out secretly before open
 "hostilities" even began. As you can see, a whole new age of
 warfare is beginning. According to an excellent PBS "Frontline"
 documentary aired this week, the Soviet Union, even under
 Mikhail Gorbachev, had already broken an international
 agreement restricting chemical and biological weapons.
But given the collapse of the Soviet Union, and the
 subsequent chaos into which Russia has since been plunged,
 where are those Russian weapons now? Perhaps, wherever
 they are -- and this is an uneasy thought -- they could be
 prepared to kill millions by being disseminated in the air by
 cans of hair spray. But most Americans don't want to think
 about this. Copyright (c) 1998 News World Communications, Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-18 08:53:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ATTN: Does Any Listee Have Eye-Witness Report??? 
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-18 08:53:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: One-Stop Shopping for Anti-Terrorism Aid 
Source:  Fox News - AP
Reno offers one-stop federal anti-terrorist aid
 3.37 p.m. ET (1938 GMT) October 16, 1998
 By Michael J. Sniffen, Associated Press
 WASHINGTON (AP) - Attorney General Janet Reno trumpeted a new FBI office
Friday that will offer local police, fire and rescue workers one-stop
shopping for federal training and equipment to respond to chemical,
biological or nuclear attacks by terrorists.  The FBI's new National Domestic Preparedness Office, staffed by officials
from a variety of federal agencies, "will assume overall responsibility for
coordinating the government's efforts to prepare America's communities for
terrorist incidents involving weapons of mass destruction,'' Reno told her
weekly news conference.  After an attack, "the first few minutes are very critical,'' Reno said.
Usually, the first to arrive at the chaotic and dangerous scene are local
rescue squads, firefighters and police. "For many victims, what these first
responders do in those first few minutes can mean the difference between
life and death.''  State and local officials responsible for these efforts have complained in
recent years that federal aid - either training or equipment - is hard to
find and inadequate and that some federal agencies duplicate the work of
others while gaps remain.  The new program "is trying to address the issues that first responders
have raised and create a two-way street so that we hear from them, that we
provide one central place where they can go, knowing that they will get the
best information, both from the FBI, Department of Defense, the Department
of Energy, the Public Health Service, and that they will get the latest
information with respect to equipment,'' Reno said.  Under a new interagency agreement, Justice and the FBI will take over from
the Defense Department as the coordinator, funded by $49 million from the
Pentagon in the coming fiscal year.  The program will train state and local workers, distribute money to buy
equipment, set up joint federal-state-local practice exercises and work
with state and local officials to draft contingency plans unique to each
local situation, Reno said. "State and local governments (will be) a full
partner in the planning effort, since they know what they need there at the
front line.''  The FBI has been investigating a rising number of suspected biological,
chemical or nuclear-radiological incidents - 68 in 1997 and 86 in 1998. But
Bob Blitzer, chief of the FBI's domestic terrorism unit, said, "the vast
majority of these are hoaxes.''  He said the bureau believed it had averted four or five potential attacks
in the last couple years.  Many fire department have good hazardous materials units to deal with
chemical attacks, and for many years there has been "a pretty robust
capability to handle'' nuclear-radiological attacks, Blitzer said.  "The real weakness that we have right now is the ability to detect and
counter a (biological attack), because it's much more insidious and much
more difficult to detect,'' Blitzer added. "There's certainly less
protection, particularly on the medical side.''                   (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-18 08:52:28
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: FBI Says Some U.S. Cities Vulnerable To Attack 
Source:  Fox News - Reuters
FBI Says Some U.S. Cities Vulnerable To Attack
            2.13 p.m. ET (1814 GMT) October 16, 1998
 WASHINGTON - Some U.S. cities are unprepared for an attack by weapons of
mass destruction with biological agents a greater danger than nuclear or
chemical weapons, an FBI official said Friday.  "Some American communities are very unprepared. They certainly don't have
the equipment and resources necessary to handle a major attack,'' Robert
Blitzer, chief of the FBI's domestic terrorism section, said.  "The real weakness that we have right now is the ability to detect and
counter a (biological weapons attack) because it's much more insidious and
much more difficult to detect,'' he said.  The FBI official, who was unable to give numbers on how many cities were
unprepared, said communities were better able to deal with chemical and
nuclear weapons attacks.  Many fire departments have units that deal with hazardous materials and
are ready to handle chemical weapons, he said.  "On the nuclear side, there's a pretty robust capability to handle those
kinds of issues and has been for many years,'' Blitzer said.  He appeared at the weekly Justice Department news conference with U.S.
Attorney General Janet Reno, who announced a new office at the FBI to help
state and local governments better respond to terrorist attacks with
weapons of mass destruction.  Reno said the office would help create training standards for local
police, firefighters and rescue squads and would try to make sure they have
the necessary equipment.  "I want this new office to be a center for assistance and solutions, not a
new bureaucracy,'' she said. "We are not interested in a top-down,
one-size-fits-all solution.''                      (c) Reuters Ltd. All rights reserved
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-18 08:53:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.49: More on The FBI's New Wiretap Authority 
ISPI Clips 5.49: More on The FBI's New Wiretap Authority
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Saturday October 17, 1998
This From: ABC News.com, October 13, 1998
Taps For Privacy?
Investigators Can Follow Suspects From Phone To Phone
Chris Stamper
Buried deep inside the Intelligence Authorization Act of 1999 is a
provision that will change the way the FBI and other law enforcement
agencies can listen to suspects' phone calls. The new rule opens the doors
for more "roving" wiretaps, which listen to all the phones a suspect uses
rather than just a single line.
     Supporters say this will help the cops keep up with cell-phone
wielding crooks. Critics contend that it opens the door for ever more
invasions of privacy.
    The bill passed the House and Senate last week; President Clinton is
expected to sign it soon. A similar change was voted down in 1996 as part
of an anti-terrorism measure.
An Invitation to Abuse?
To bug a suspect, investigators must first obtain a court order. Current
federal wiretapping law allows multiple taps only if law enforcement can
convince a judge that a suspect is trying to avoid being overheard. The new
bill, introduced by Rep. Porter Goss (R-Fla.), requires only that
investigators show probable cause that "the person's actions could have the
effect of thwarting interception."
    Supporters maintain that such a change is necessary to keep up with
exploding technology. Suspects whose lines are tapped can easily switch to
a pay phone or cell phone and avoid detection.
    But Leslie Hagin, legislative director of the National Association of
Criminal Defense Lawyers, echoes the sentiments of many criminal defense
attorneys and civil libertarians who feel that the expansion of powers is
an invitation to abuse: "It's not a power the government needs."
    Defense attorneys such as Gregory Nicolaysen, founder of the
Association of Federal Defense Attorneys, complain that too many judges
rubber-stamp wiretapping requests and that the new law will only make that
situation worse: "The assumption is that those who are being wiretapped are
criminals anyway."
    "It's not being confined to drug dealers and organized crime,"
Nicolaysen argues. "It tends to be a knee-jerk reaction instead of an
investigative tool of last resort."
The Phones Have Ears
According to the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, federal
and state judges approved 1,186 wiretap applications in 1997 and 1,094 bugs
were planted. No requests were denied last year. Judges have rejected only
28 of over 20,000 applications since wiretapping was legalized in 1968.
Authorities arrested 3,086 people in 1997 with the help of phone taps,
which are typically placed in homes.
     The American Civil Liberties Union says that for every wiretap placed,
nearly a thousand innocent conversations are intercepted by law
enforcement. According to ACLU legislative counsel Greg Nojeim, the new
bill will mean that the phones of a suspect's friends, family and business
colleagues can all be tapped by law enforcement: "It means more wiretaps,
more lines tapped and additional thousands of intercepted innocent
     The FBI says snoops have to ignore conversations that aren't relevant
to their investigations. "Under existing wiretap statutes," says special
agent Barry Smith, "law enforcement is only authorized to listen to those
conversations that are related to criminal activity."
     Nojeim argues that since roving wiretaps will be easier to obtain,
citizens' Fourth Amendment rights protecting against illegal searches will
erode. "When the government wants to search a place, it has to specify the
place it wants to search," he says. "Now for electronic surveillance the
specificity requirement is done away with."
    Smith says a hefty increase in roving wiretaps is unlikely, since such
an operation requires a team of surveillance experts who must coordinate
their efforts with several different phone companies: "It's still a
technological and logistical nightmare."
     Whether one believes that the new bill represents an invasion of
privacy, it seems clear that crooks won't be able to escape to their cell
phones much longer without fear of being overheard.
Copyright (c)1998 ABCNEWS
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-18 08:51:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.50: National ID postponed until 1999 
ISPI Clips 5.50: National ID postponed until 1999
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Saturday October 17, 1998
This From: WorldNetDaily, October 16, 1998
National ID postponed until 1999
Moratorium in appropriations bill approved by Congress this week
David M. Bresnahan
Copyright 1998, WorldNetDaily.com
Implementation of a National ID card will be automatically imposed on all
states unless Congress takes action in 1999.
More immediate efforts to impose the system, first exposed in
WorldNetDaily, were derailed by a one-year moratorium on the National ID
regulations included in the omnibus appropriations bill passed by Congress
Thursday. It was a provision that was not without controversy.
The moratorium was first included in the transportation appropriations
bill, but Rep. Lamar Smith, R-TX, convinced Speaker Newt Gingrich, R-GA, to
remove it before passage, according to House Transportation Committee
Rep. Frank Wolf, R-VA, chairman of the House Appropriations Transportation
Subcommittee included the ban in the omnibus bill, according to a committee
staff member. However, Smith continued to make efforts to kill the
provision, according to Patrick Poole of the watchdog group Free Congress
"It was reported that Lamar Smith had obtained an agreement from Speaker
Gingrich to eliminate this provision from the bill," reported Poole. The
ban was back in the bill "after many House members openly complained to the
speaker about Lamar Smith's seemingly religious devotion to the National ID
idea and the American people's vehement opposition to being branded and
tagged by the U.S. government."
Numerous organizations opposed to the concept of a National ID rallied
their members to send thousands of letters, faxes, and make phone calls to
Congress for the past two weeks. Smith failed to return calls to
WorldNetDaily.com, but he did publish a letter in the "Washington Times" on
Tuesday because of the many calls his office received.
"I do not support a National ID card and don't know anyone in Congress who
does," said Smith in his letter. He tried to label those voicing opposition
as radicals when he added, "There are fringe groups that believe the United
Nations is taking over Yellowstone National Park, that Congress is creating
a National ID card or that they have been abducted by UFOs."
Congress put the wheels in motion to create a National ID card in 1996 with
the passage of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility
Act. One section of the act, which was largely unnoticed at the time,
requires all states to make their driver's licenses comply with certain
guidelines found in Section 656 (b) of the act.
The law prohibits states from issuing driver's licenses unless they comply
with the new requirements beginning Oct. 1, 2000. The new licenses must use
the Social Security number as the driver's license number, for example.
The act also calls for digitized biometric information to be a part of each
license, or "smart card." The biometric information will include
fingerprints, retina scans, DNA prints and other similar information.
Responsibility for the design and implementation of the cards has been
given to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration of the
Department of Transportation. That agency has recently published the
proposed "Driver's License/SSN/National Identification Document," which
contains the guidelines which must be in force by Oct. 1, 2000. The "Notice
of Proposed Rule Making" sets out the standards for each state to follow in
the design of "identification documents."
"These new National ID regulations violate every notion of federalism,
because they force states to comply with regulations issued by the federal
government without any constitutional authority to do so," said Poole
recently. "Nor are federal agencies empowered to force states to gather
detailed information on every person in order to comply with federal
mandates. The net result of the DOT's regulations is to establish a
National ID system, which has been opposed by almost every non-governmental
sector for the past five decades."
The moratorium is needed while efforts are made to repeal Section 656 (b)
of the act. The moratorium will relieve states from spending money on
unnecessary development costs.
House Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-TX, Rep. Ron Paul, R-TX, and Rep. Bob
Barr, R-GA, have been working on repeal legislation, but there was
insufficient time to bring it to a vote during this session of Congress.
"Speaker Gingrich did come dangerously close to selling us out on National
IDs," said a congressional staffer.
Numerous grass-roots organizations opposed to the National ID system were
celebrating the inclusion of the moratorium in the omnibus bill just passed
by Congress.
The DOT solicited public comments on their plans for implementation of
Section 656 (b) of the act earlier this year. The public comment period has
just closed and many thousands of letters in opposition were received,
according to a spokesman. Five states also expressed opposition to the
plan, and only a "small number" of letters supporting the plan were known
to the spokesman, who spoke on condition that his name would not be
The American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators also wrote to the
DOT and recommended repeal of the law, even though they had once been in
favor of such legislation.
"Over the past 10 years, the AAMVA has vigorously pushed Congress and the
various state motor vehicle directors to implement policies to require the
submission of social security numbers as a condition for issuance of
driver's licenses. This resounding defeat may spell the end of their
ill-fated quest," said Scott McDonald, a grass-roots activist who operates
the "Fight the Fingerprint" website. He is able to mobilize thousands of
activists on a national basis using his e-mail notification system.
"There is no satisfactory condition under which Social Security Numbers may
be required as a condition for travel," said McDonald. "The victory's
definitely not yet won. During these lull periods there's an opportunity
for proponents of these issues to let opposition die down and all of a
sudden, pop, it goes through without anyone even aware of it.
"I don't see how the Department of Transportation could go forth with
implementing the regulation with all that strong opposition to it. Even
five states wrote letters of strong opposition to requiring Social Security
numbers," said McDonald.
"This National ID is not just isolated to America. This is going on all
over the world. Every country has some form of it going on," explained
Jackie Juntti, leader of the Washington Grassroots E-mail Network. Her
group takes credit for defeating an earlier effort in 1997 to put
fingerprints on driver's licenses in Washington state.
"We're just people out here trying to remain free," she said. Juntti's
"NoID Orange Ribbon Campaign," found on many Internet Web sites, began
after she refused to produce a driver's license to board an airplane. She
was searched thoroughly and then granted a seat on the plane.
"For a year we're safe," said Lisa Dean of the Coalition for Constitutional
Liberties, another organization that has been actively campaigning against
the provisions of Section 656 (b). She agreed that the toughest part of her
organization's challenge is in front of her. Rep. Smith, and other
proponents of the measure have framed their issue around illegal
Dean's organization has received many responses for and against a National
ID. Many have voiced support for her efforts, but some have told her "what
difference does it make? The government already has our information,"
according to Dean. Others also mention the need to control illegal
Now that a moratorium is in place for a year, Dean expects repeal efforts
will also include finding alternative ways to resolve the concerns about
illegal immigrants, although no recommendations are in place as yet.
David Bresnahan, a WorldNetDaily contributing editor, hosts "Talk USA
Investigative Reports" and is the author of "Cover Up: The Art and Science
of Political Deception." His email address is David
(c) 1998 Western Journalism Center
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-18 08:51:48
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.51: Your Online Profile--Where You Go, What You Buy--Is Vulnerable 
ISPI Clips 5.51: Your Online Profile--Where You Go, What You Buy--Is
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Saturday October 17, 1998
This From: TIME.com Magazine,  OCTOBER 12, 1998 VOL. 152 NO. 15
Watch Your Tracks
Your online profile--where you go, what you buy--is vulnerable.
Here's how to protect it
MICHAEL KRANTZ
TIME technology writer
Run a search on your PC's hard drive for the phrase "User Profile," and
you'll find a long list of items like this: "yahoo.comTRUE/FALSE 3262463
493 Y v=1&n=82iosk148jr9n." This gibberish is just one in a series of
digital snapshots of my recent online travels: what websites I visited;
what pages I viewed and for how long; what I bought, downloaded or printed.
What's more, every site I visit can send programs called "cookies" down the
phone line into my machine to snag this data and either use it to try to
sell me something ("He spends time at E! Online? Let's spam him with that
Titanic-for-$5 offer!") or sell my "profile" to some other marketer. Yikes.
For years, of course, everyone from insurance adjusters to credit-card
companies has made money swapping consumer profiles like baseball cards.
But the Web is bringing this great American pastime to new levels of
invasive splendor. Ironically, one of the most attractive features of the
Net--its ability to customize content instantly--morphs smoothly into one
of its most sinister: the ability to monitor who you are and what you're
doing online, even as you do it.
It's not just the embarrassment factor we're talking about here: the guy
whose wife checks out his log and finds the porn sites he hit last night.
Consider how much other personal data could become available as we conduct
more and more of our lives in this (thus far) happily unregulated
world--investing and paying our bills online, filling our prescriptions,
How forthright have websites been about telling users what data they're
unwittingly providing? Not very. Last spring the Federal Trade Commission
studied 1,400 sites and found that only 14% had posted privacy statements
of any kind (though 71 of the 100 busiest sites did so).
While a Senate committee last week approved legislation that would
authorize the FTC to regulate the profiling of children, the agency seems
willing to let the industry clean up its own act with regard to adults.
Enter TRUSTe, a nonprofit group that has persuaded 270 of the Web's most
popular sites to post and abide by statements telling what data they
collect from visitors, how they use that data and how visitors can restrict
that use. Web leaders such as America Online, Microsoft and Netscape plan
an announcement this Wednesday to address privacy concerns.
Some, though, are skeptical that a voluntary system will work. "If
anybody's going to make money off your identity," says Fred Davis, chief
executive officer of the software start-up Lumeria, based in Berkeley,
Calif., "it should be you." And, of course, Fred Davis. Due in early 1999,
Lumeria's software will, among other things, help you control your data,
keeping nosy marketers from grabbing your profile unless you let them. In
fact, Davis thinks companies will eventually pay for the privilege ("Hey,
visitor No. 85834: we see you bought Titanic last week. We'll give you 500
frequent-flyer miles to tell us your name, age and income!").
For now, here's how you can keep those pesky cookies away. If you use
Microsoft's Internet Explorer, choose Internet Options under your View
menu, click the Advanced tab, scroll down to the Cookies subsection and
choose "Disable all cookie use." If you use Netscape Navigator, go to Edit
Preferences under the Edit menu and choose Advanced, then "Turn all cookies
off." But be warned: many sites won't let you in if your browser rejects
cookies, and others will harass you with dialogue boxes urging you to
accept one.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-18 08:51:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: FCC To Propose Resolving Digital Wiretap Debate 
Source: Yahoo! News Friday October 16 3:00 PM EDT FCC To Propose Resolving Digital Wiretap Debate
By Aaron Pressman
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Federal Communications Commission next week will
propose requiring telephone companies to make a series of changes to give
law enforcement agencies additional wiretapping capabilities, people
familiar with the plan said.
The proposal, which will only be issued for comment and could be changed,
seeks to resolve the long-running dispute between the telephone industry,
privacy advocates and the FBI over terms of the 1994 Communications
Assistance for Law Enforcement Act.
The law was intended to preserve the FBI's ability to conduct wiretaps as
telephone carriers introduced new digital technology making traditional
alligator clip-and-wire approaches obsolete. But the law also sought to
maintain the existing limits on wiretapping authority that protect the
privacy of ordinary citizens.
Much to the chagrin of privacy groups, the FCC's preliminary proposal would
require wireless telephone carriers to turn over to law enforcers the
location of a mobile phone user at the beginning and end of a tapped call,
people familiar with the plan said.
``From a privacy protection perspective, the tracking question is
tremendously important,'' said Jim Dempsey, senior staff counsel at the
Center for Democracy and Technology, a nonprofit privacy group in Washington.
``Congress never would have passed this legislation if they thought they
were turning cell phones into tracking devices,'' added Dempsey, who as a
congressional staffer helped draft the law.
But, heeding the call of privacy advocates, the FCC proposal will urge
further study concerning the way digital calling information is turned over
to law enforcers.
Under current law, the police must give a judge evidence of probable cause
of criminal activity to get permission to tap a call. But to get basic
routing information, such as what numbers were called from a particular
phone, the police need show only that the information might be relevant to
an investigation, a much lower standard.
In digital calling networks, however, a call is split up into tiny data
packets that contain both the voice transmission and routing and signaling
An industry proposal last year would have turned over to police entire
packets of information, including both the routing data and the actual call
itself, when just basic routing information was authorized.
The FCC proposal will seek to determine if a more limited method of handing
over just routing information would be feasible.
The FBI has already rejected as inadequate the industry proposal that
included the cell phone location and full packet disclosure provisions. The
agency asked the FCC to require carriers to add another nine capabilities,
such as the ability to continue listening to a conference call even if the
caller being tapped hangs up.
The FCC proposal recommends some but not all of the nine items should be
added to phone networks, but also asked for further comments on all nine
The industry fears refitting existing equipment to add those capabilities
will cost billions of dollars. Their fears were confirmed in a recent
letter from Attorney General Janet Reno and FBI Director Louis Freeh to
Congress, dated Oct. 6, and obtained by Reuters, that conceded the costs
could reach $2 billion.
Industry participants were pleased that the FCC was moving to address the
issues, though. ``We have not seen the details yet but we're pleased the
FCC is moving forward,'' Jeff Cohen, a spokesman for the Personal
Communications Industry Association, said.
Copyright (c) 1998 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-18 08:53:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Tracking: Bar Codes/Elec.Tags for License Plates 
Source:  London Telegraph
Car tagging may help cut theft, says minister
 By Andrew Sparrow, Political Correspondent  CAR number plates could be fitted with bar codes or electronic tags in a
move to cut crime.
 Alun Michael, a Home Office minister, said it was "odd" that while
consumer goods such as whisky bottles could be tagged, valuable items like
cars were not dealt with in the same way.
 Tagging is being considered as one option that could help the Government
hit its target of reducing car crime by 30 per cent over the next five
years. Mr Michael said the Government's Vehicle Crime Reduction Action
Team, which includes ministers, police officers and car manufacturers, was
examining the practicalities of improving security features on cars.
 The Government would also improve security at car parks, where more than
30 per cent of all auto crime occurred. Cars left in car parks were 200
times more likely to be stolen or broken into than those garaged at home,
Mr Michael told an Association of Chief Police Officers car crime
conference. Yet car parks that had improved their security had seen
break-ins fall by an average of 70 per cent.
 Mr Michael said the action team would also encourage owners of older cars
to make them harder to steal. A car registered in 1985 was 14 times more
likely to be taken than a new car. Manufacturers will be urged to make
their products more theft-proof. Mr Michael said innovations that the
Government would like to see introduced as standard included toughened
glass windows to ward off opportunist thieves stealing stereos and handbags
from vehicles.
 Delegates heard that commonly quoted statistics placing Britain at the
head of the European vehicle theft league might be misleading. Elaine
Hardy, of the International Car Distribution Programme, said that while
figures showed vehicle theft in England and Wales to be roughly double the
European average as a percentage of the number of vehicles on the roads,
definitions of car theft varied enormously.
 For example, she said, in the Netherlands a vehicle was listed merely as
"missing" until it had been gone for more than a month. In other countries,
cars recovered within 90 days were wiped from the figures. The true story
could be that domestic statistics were roughly comparable to others in Europe.
(c) Copyright of Telegraph Group Limited 1998. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-19 10:16:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: 'Intelligent' computer matches mugshots w/ faces in a crowd 
Source:  Fox News - AP
'Intelligent' computer system matches mug shots with faces in a crowd
 9.22 p.m. ET (123 GMT) October 17, 1998
 LONDON (AP) - An "intelligent'' computer system that uses closed circuit
television to match faces in a crowd to mug shots of known criminals is
likely to become London's latest weapon against crime.  Scotland Yard and a local council have installed the $100,000 CCTV system
on a trial basis in Newham, a poor district in London's East End.  Newspapers reported Thursday that the computer system, called Mandrake, is
linked to 144 CCTVs in Newham's shopping centers, railway stations and car
parks and can scan up to 150 faces at a time and compare them with a
database of criminals stored on a computer at the council's headquarters.  If there is a match between a face in the crowd and a known criminal, the
computer alerts a monitoring team in the town hall, who in turn alert the
police.  Civil liberties groups said they were alarmed by the new system, but
police defended its use.  "The only people entered on to the system will be convicted criminals who,
through our intelligence, we believe are habitually committing crimes in
the area,'' The Daily Mail quoted police Chief Superintendent Dave Armond
as saying. "If people are not committing crime they have nothing to fear,
but if they are among the small minority who are, the message is, 'We are
watching out for you.'''  The newspaper reported that police initially will use the system to
concentrate on catching robbery suspects. In the future, however, it could
be used to search crowds for hooligans who stir up trouble at soccer matches.  CCTV's developer, Software and Systems International, says the system is
accurate enough to discern people hiding behind make-up or eye glasses. And
growing a beard won't help either, the company says.  Britain has 150,000 close circuit television cameras. While most Britons
appear happy the devices are being used to tackle crime, civil liberties
groups oppose both the cameras and the facial matching.  "The accuracy of facial mapping like this is limited. You only need a
handful of photographs of celebrities to see how different the same people
can look in different pictures,'' the Mail quoted Liz Parratt, spokeswoman
for Liberty, a civil rights group, as saying. "Even if you did have a
system which worked, it would have to be regulated very carefully to
protect people's privacy.''                   (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-19 10:38:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Tracking: Plastic Passports w/Biometric Confirmation of ID 
Source:  London Telegraph
Credit card plastic passport to be issued within two years
 By David Bamber, Home Affairs Correspondent  A NEW credit card size passport which can be inserted in a computer
scanner on arrival in another country will be issued to British travellers
within two years.
 Trials are expected to begin soon of the system which allows passengers to
bypass traditional immigration officials. When entering a country
travellers would insert their plastic passport in a card reader and hold
their hands to a screen to check palm prints. Both would be linked to a
database containing travellers' details. The process would take 15 seconds
and make lengthy airport queues a thing of the past. A prototype card with
a digital photograph of the holder has already been developed.
 Passport Agency officials have been in discussions with the computer giant
IBM about their Fastgate card system which has already been installed in
Bermuda, a British colony. A passport agency official said: "It looks like
a credit card and it can be swiped through Customs and allow people to
enter a country without having their traditional passport examined by an
official." He said that the new prototype had a digital hologram photograph
of the holder and other special security devices which made forging them
 Last night a Home Office official confirmed that the credit card-style
passport is being developed. He said: "We have become involved in the early
stages of exploring the IBM Fastgate system." The official said that no
date has yet been set to issue the cards to the public or to start trials
at an airport in the Britain.
 But Home Office sources have revealed that a trial of the system is likely
to be carried out by installing it at a Government building so that tests
can be carried out to see if the security system can be breached.
 John Tincey, technology officer of the Immigration Service Union which
represents 2,000 staff who check passports in Britain, said his members had
been aware for some time of discussions about a computerised credit card
style system. He has compiled a report for his union which was submitted to
the Home Office.
 In it, he concluded: "The new technology will save on running costs,
reduce staff numbers and increase profits. Even the Home Office will be
unable to resist the financial advantages of the new technology."
 He added that because so many other countries will introduce credit card
style systems, Britain would either lose business because of retaining
lengthy checks on travellers, or alternatively loosen controls by
selectively abandoning checks to minimise delays. Last night he also warned
of possible job losses and the danger that the cards could be open to
counterfeiting or abuse.
 At Bermuda International Airport, the Fastgate cards were introduced in
May. Travellers use a touch screen to answer a few simple questions. The
computer checks the data against information held on computers and also
makes sure there are no arrest warrants out or requests to intercept the
traveller. Usually the process takes just 15 seconds.
 Ken Thornton, of IBM, said: "Governments improve security and service.
Airports improve competitiveness. And airlines and card issuers improve
customers service." There is even the prospect of electronic visas being
issued in the future, either as separate credit card style documents or
logged on a computer.
 Even when the credit card style passports are introduced, the traditional
paper passports will still be issued for some time because many countries
will take years to install the necessary technology.
(c) Copyright of Telegraph Group Limited 1998.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-19 10:39:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Fwd: Evaluation of Vehicle Stopping Prototype ("Kill Switch") 
(I am posting just in case this wasn't already posted to the list..Mary)
[Note from Matthew Gaylor: Several years ago on this list I mentioned that
EMP devices will soon be used to stop car chases.  Several of my
subscribers wrote in and said I must be crazy, that I lived in a science
fiction fantasy.  Oh well, the future is now.]
* Evaluation of Vehicle Stopping Electromagnetic Prototype
Devices: Phase III - Engineering Field Testing Solicitation
To curtail high-speed chases, NIJ is requesting applications
for prototype electromagnetic devices designed to stop motor
vehicles that are in motion. Approved applicants will
provide prototypes for field testing, with the hope of
proceeding to operational testing by law enforcement
agencies. The NIJ Solicitation, "Evaluation of Vehicle
Stopping Electromagnetic Prototype Devices: Phase III -
Engineering Field Testing," provides information on
application requirements and deadlines.
"Evaluation of Vehicle Stopping Electromagnetic Prototype
Devices: Phase III - Engineering Field Testing"
(Solicitation) (SL000298) is available on the NCJRS World
Wide Web site (
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor,1933 E. Dublin-Granville Rd., Columbus, OH  43229
Archived at Black Helicopters on the Horizon:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-19 10:45:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: High-tech Anti-crime Computer Unveiled 
The Associated Press
television to match faces in a crowd to mug shots of criminals is likely
to become London's latest weapon against crime.  system for a trial in Newham, a poor district in London's East End.  is linked to 144 CCTV's in shopping centers, railway stations and car
parks.  Mandrake can scan up to 150 faces at a time and compare them with
a database of criminal mug shots stored on a computer at council
headquarters.  mug shot, the computer alerts a monitoring team in the town hall, which
alerts the police. police defended its use.  who, through our intelligence, we believe are habitually committing
crimes in the area,"  The Daily Mail quoted police Chief Superintendent
Dave Armond saying.  "If people are not committing crimes, they have
nothing to fear, but if they are among the small minority who are, the
message is, 'We are watching out for you'.  concentrate on catching robbery suspects.  However, in the future it
could be used to search crowds for hooligans who stir up trouble at
soccer matches.  accurate enough to identify people hiding behind makeup or eyeglasses. Even growing a beard won't help, the company said.  are used to the devices, civil liberties groups oppose the cameras and
the facial matching.  handful of photographs of celebrities to see how different the same
people can look in different pictures," the Mail quoted Liz Parratt,
spokeswoman for the civil rights group liberty, as saying.  "Even if you
did have a system which worked, it would have to be regulated very
carefully to protect people's privacy."
Transcribed by Ryan Wright from Sunday, Oct 18, 1998, Star Telegram, Fort
Worth Texas, Section A page 19
 ******=========================================*****
"Among the elementary measures the American Soviet government
 will adopt to further the cultural revolution are...
 [a] National Department of Education...the studies will be
 revolutionized, being cleansed of religious, patriotic, and
 other features of the bourgeois ideology. The students will
 be taught the basis of Marxian dialectical materialism,
 internationalism and the general ethics of the
 new Socialist society."
     - William Z. Foster,
       Toward Soviet America, 1932
"...Stage III...would proceed to a point where no state would
have the military power to challenge the progressively strengthened U.N. peace force...
The manufacture of armaments would be prohibited...
All other armaments would be destroyed..."     -Department of State publication number 7277
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-20 09:20:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: WEBSITE: Military Operations on Urbanized Terrain (MOUT) 
BELOW IS A SITE WORTH VISITING AND DESERVING OF CAREFUL STUDY, as the US
military has made it clear in its numerous documents, that a considerable
segment of the US population is suspect, and a sizable number are of the
"warrior classes," hence must be contained.  Machiavelli, a shrewd military
strategist, understood well the strategies for keeping the balance of power
and, thus, advised the princes of Renaissance Italy, which at that time
were a collection of powerful city-states, always at war with each other.
Machiavelli's  strategies AND PHILOSOPHIES, have been, still are, the
subject of SERIOUS study by US military strategists.
"He [the prince or any ruler] must, therefore, never raise his thought from
this exercise of war, and in peacetime, he must train himself more than in
time of war; this can be done in two ways: one by action, the other by the
mind.  And as far as actions are concerned, besides keeping his soldiers
well disciplined and trained, he must always be out hunting, and must
accustom his body to hardships in this manner; and HE MUST ALSO LEARN THE
NATURE OF THE TERRAIN, AND KNOW HOW MOUNTAINS SLOPE, HOW VALLEYS OPEN, HOW
PLAINS LIE, AND UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF RIVERS AND SWAMPS; [emphasis ac]
and he should devote much attention to such activities. ... and a Prince
who lacks this ability lacks the most important quality in a leader;
because this skill teaches you to find the enemy, choose a campsite, lead
troops, organize them for battle, and besiege towns to your own advantage."
 .... Therefore, a prince must not worry about the reproach of cruelty when
it is a matter of keeping his subjects united and loyal; ......."  The
Prince, by Machiavelli.                FM 90-10
 Headquarters Department of Army
  Washington, DC, 15 August 1979                               FM 90-10
                     Military Operations
                          on Urbanized
                       Terrain (MOUT)
                       Table of Contents
CHAPTER 1... INTRODUCTION      Urbanization      Characteristics of Urban Warfare CHAPTER 2... OFFENSE      How the Enemy Defends      Planning the Attack      The Offensive Battle      Corps      Division      Brigade      Battalion Task Force CHAPTER 3... DEFENSE      How the Enemy Attacks      Planning the Defense      The Defensive Battle      Corps      Division      Brigade      Battalion Task Force CHAPTER 4... COMBAT SUPPORT      Field Artillery      Engineer      Army Aviation      Tactical Air      Air Defense      Military Police      Chemical      Communications CHAPTER 5... COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT      Support Organization      Logistical Functions      Noncombatants      Civil Affairs Operations      Refugee Control APPENDIX A... Urban Terrain Analysis APPENDIX B... Weapons Effects And Employment APPENDIX C... How To Select And Prepare Defensive Positions In Built-Up Areas APPENDIX D... Employment Of Obstacles And Mines In Built-Up Areas APPENDIX E... Demolitlons APPENDIX F... Armored Forces In Built-Up Area APPENDIX G... How To Attack And Clear Building APPENDIX H... References And International Agreements To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-20 09:21:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] National ID back on table? 
SCAN THIS NEWS
OCTOBER 19, 1998
National ID back on table?
 Weekend maneuvers in Congress
 may kill moratorium
By David M. Bresnahan
Copyright 1998, WorldNetDaily.com
Last-minute deals on Capitol Hill may remove a previously negotiated
moratorium on the national ID card, and one organization opposed to the card
is not surprised or disappointed.
The law was already passed by Congress in 1996 and a national ID for all
Americans will soon be in use unless changes to the law are made soon. The
omnibus appropriations bill contained a ban on the national ID, first
exposed in WorldNetDaily, but over the weekend efforts were made to remove
that ban.
A great many bills were never voted on during the year. With elections just
around the corner, politicians want to go home to their districts and brag
about something they've done this past year. The omnibus bill contains
thousands of pages, including many pet projects intended to win votes.
The main purpose of the bill, negotiated last week and scheduled for a vote
tomorrow, is to approve the budget and keep government in business. Prior to
the negotiations last week, all sides were predicting a shut-down of
government over disagreements in the budget. No one in Congress wants to
explain to voters why government has come to a grinding halt just before an
election, so the passage of the omnibus bill is assured, along with anything
else attached to it.
"There are so many deals that have been made and are still being made that
no one will ever know exactly what's in that thing and what's not until long
after the vote is over and the members all go home to campaign," explained a
congressional aide who did not wish to be named.
The moratorium was first included in the transportation appropriations bill,
but Rep. Lamar Smith, R-TX, convinced Speaker Newt Gingrich, R-GA, to remove
it before passage, according to House Transportation Committee sources.
The ban on the national ID was then included the omnibus bill. However,
Smith has continued to make efforts to kill the provision, according to a
congressional source who has been working on the ban.
"It's very hard to say just what will happen, but I do know that Smith has
recruited help from some other members and the Speaker is considering their
requests," said the source yesterday. It was Smith who got the national ID
ban out of the transportation appropriations bill.
"It was reported that Lamar Smith had obtained an agreement from Speaker
Gingrich to eliminate this provision from the bill," reported Patrick Poole
of the Free Congress Foundation. The ban was back in the bill "after many
House members openly complained to the speaker about Lamar Smith's seemingly
religious devotion to the national ID idea and the American people's
vehement opposition to being branded and tagged by the U.S. government,"
explained Poole.
Numerous organizations opposed to the concept of a national ID rallied their
members to send thousands of letters, faxes, and make phone calls to
Congress for the past two weeks. Rep. Smith could not be reached on Sunday
night by WorldNetDaily, but he did publish a letter in the Washington Times
last Tuesday because of the many calls his office received.
"I do not support a national ID card and don't know anyone in Congress who
does," said Smith in his letter. He tried to label those voicing opposition
as radicals when he added, "There are fringe groups that believe the United
Nations is taking over Yellowstone National Park, that Congress is creating
a national ID card or that they have been abducted by UFOs."
The law to create a national ID card was passed as part of the Illegal
Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996. One section of
the act requires all states to make their driver's licenses comply with
certain guidelines found in Section 656 (b) of the act, including the use of
the Social Security Number on all licences and in all data bases beginning
Oct. 1, 2000.
The act also calls for digitized biometric information to be a part of each
license, or "smart card." The biometric information will include
fingerprints, retina scans, DNA prints, and other similar information.
Responsibility for the design and implementation of the cards has been given
to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration of the Department of
Transportation. That agency has recently published the proposed "Driver's
License/SSN/National Identification Document," which contains the guidelines
which must be in force by each state -- a federal mandate once campaigned
against by many conservative Republicans.
"These new national ID regulations violate every notion of federalism,
because they force states to comply with regulations issued by the federal
government without any constitutional authority to do so," said Poole
recently. "Nor are federal agencies empowered to force states to gather
detailed information on every person in order to comply with federal
mandates. The net result of the DOT's regulations is to establish a national
ID system, which has been opposed by almost every non-governmental sector
for the past five decades."
House Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-TX, Rep. Ron Paul, R-TX, and Rep. Bob
Barr, R-GA, have been working on repeal legislation, but there was
insufficient time to bring it to a vote during this session of Congress.
The DOT solicited public comments on their plans for implementation of
Section 656 (b) of the act earlier this year. The public comment period has
just closed and many thousands of letters in opposition were received,
according to a spokesman. Five states also expressed opposition to the plan,
and only a "small number" of letters supporting the plan were known to the
spokesman, who spoke on condition that his name would not be published.
One group that has worked diligently for the repeal of the national ID card
was not surprised to learn of plans to remove the ban from the omnibus bill.
"I won't be terribly disappointed if the one-year moratorium is removed from
the appropriations bill. In fact, if left in, the moratorium may actually
serve to provide an unwelcomed delay in this issue being addressed by
Congress and the DOT," said Scott McDonald leader of "Fight the
McDonald says his group will use the situation to educate more people
regardless of which way the bill ends up. He is concerned that national
debate on the national ID will be delayed by the ban and would lessen the
chances to get the law repealed. McDonald wants the debate to begin now.
"Time is on the side of the proponents of the national ID. Opposition to any
issue tends to wane as time passes. The American people have already firmly
stated their strong opposition to the DOT's proposed standardized driver's
license proposal. Now it's time for the DOT to act on behalf of the people
they serve. The DOT should go back to Congress with a report stating that
the American people do not want a national ID which the 1996 immigration law
would establish via standardized driver's licenses," explained McDonald on
McDonald's group is opposed to the use of Social Security numbers from being
used as past of driver's licences and in centralized government databases
tied to driver's licenses and other government documents. His group is also
opposed to the use of fingerprints on such records.
In the event there is a moratorium on the implementation of the National ID,
McDonald predicts there will be a good chance the DOT will design a
compromise which will keep Social Security numbers off licences but keep the
number on license applications and in universal data bases to keep track of
Without a moratorium, a report must be provided by DOT detailing the
responses they received from the public on the issue. McDonald wants
Congress to see that report as soon as possible.
"Without the temporary reprieve, the DOT is required by law to respond to
all public comments which have been filed with the agency, and to publish
their responses in the Federal Register," said McDonald. "I am anxious to
see their responses. If the moratorium goes into effect, the DOT may be able
to avoid this mandatory requirement. The American people deserve to be know
what the DOT's official position is in response to the objections raised by
those individuals and groups who took the time to object."

@_date: 1998-10-20 09:26:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Brave New World of Implants 
Source:  Jewish World Review / Oct. 19,1998 / 29 Tishrei, 5759 Can we 'fool Mother Nature'?
Do we want to?
By David S. Oderberg IMAGINE THAT YOU have been fitted with a tiny
electronic device, measuring nearly an inch long and a third
of an inch wide. This device receives and emits radio waves
in the presence of transceivers in 'intelligent' buildings
fitted to recognize the unique signal emanating from the
tiny 'smart' chip in your body. This chip, implanted just
under the skin on your arm, has immense advantages. With
it you can open and close doors, pass through security
channels set up to recognize your identity, operate
machines such as computers and faxes, and generally
negotiate your technological world with greater ease and
convenience than at present. You can even use your chip to
carry out daily commerce. Swipe your arm over a scanner and you can make
payments, have your account debited automatically, check
you bank balance. In short, you can do everything which
currently requires you to lug around a walletful of credit
cards. One small catch, though: because of this chip, your
whereabouts are known to others at every minute of every
day. You can be tracked like a car or airplane. Orwellian nightmare? Delusional apocalyptic fantasy? One
would have thought so, until it emerged in the British press
a short while ago that Kevin Warwick, professor of
cybernetics at the University of Reading -- my own
university, as a matter of fact -- has decided to try out such
a scenario on himself. Seeing himself as a latter day Edward Jenner -- the
pioneering scientist who tried out the smallpox vaccine on
his own body -- Prof. Warwick has entered the hallowed
halls of self-experimentation by having just such a silicon
chip injected under the skin near his elbow. He is, as far as
anyone knows, the first person to do so. The results of his
experiment are not yet known. He has to take antibiotics
against the risk of infection, and is a little concerned his
body will reject the alien device. Speaking of the doctor who agreed to implant the chip,
Prof. Warwick says: "If it all goes wrong and my arm
explodes, which I have been warned could happen, my wife
will probably sue...". The good professor is, nevertheless, sanguine about the
possible side effects. For he sees himself as a crusader at
the cutting edge of cybertechnology. Already famous for his
little machines -- looking a bit like cockroaches on wheels --
which, he glows, behave for all the world as though they
have intelligence (something I and others doubted when we
saw them in action), Prof. Warwick is thrusting forward in
the attempt to fulfil the prophecy of his own recent
best-seller, March of the Machines. "It is possible," he says, "for machines to become more
intelligent than humans in the reasonably near future.
Machines will then become the dominant life form on earth."
Is this a tragedy? No, he adds blithely: "We are just an
animal, not much better or worse than the other animals. We
have our uses [sic], because we are different. We are
slightly more intelligent than the other animals." The professor looks forward to the day when machines rule
our lives. The fact that his microchip enables him to be
traced is no great worry. His secretary finds it a boon: "It
was often hard to find Prof. Warwick...but since the implant
we always know where he is." And so would your employer if you were similarly
implanted. You would be monitored every time you clocked
in and out of work, or left the workplace. Prof. Warwick
surmises the chip could carry all sorts of information, such
as medical records, past convictions, financial data. "It is quite possible for an implant to replace an Access or
Visa card. There is very little danger in losing an implant or
having it stolen," he said. But it seems Prof. Warwick is alive
to the dangers of the microchip implant: "I know all this
smacks of Big Brother," he comments. Where the technology will ultimately go "I really don't know
and would not like to envisage." By now, you may well be feeling a little spooked. This is not
surprising. Nor should the experiment itself be such a
shock. After all, on October 11th 1993, The Washington
Times reported on the "high-tech national tattoo" made by
Hughes Aircraft Company --- an implantable transponder
which the company called "an ingenious, safe, inexpensive,
foolproof and permanent method of ... identification using
radio waves." In 1994, in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, it was reported that a
local humane society offered pet owners, for $25, to inject
their dogs or cats with a microchip, to prevent their being
lost or stolen. A Dr. Carl Sanders, electronics engineer and
inventor of the Intelligent Manned Interface biochip, told the
Monetary Economic Review that satellites could be used to
track people fitted with the IMI chip: "We used this with
military personnel in the Iraq war where they were actually
tracked using this particular type of device." Whether soldiers have actually 'volunteered' to be
surgically implanted with the chip, as opposed to carrying it
on their clothing, is not made clear by Dr. Sanders. But what
we do know is that proponents of this technology envisage
first using it on animals (now widespread, particularly dogs,
cats and cattle), then prisoners (more effective than
electronic ankle tags), then children (e.g., newborn babies,
so as to prevent their being switched or lost) and elderly
people suffering from Alzheimer's disease (to prevent their
wandering and getting lost). After that, who knows? The
potential for the chips to replace credit cards and cash is
huge, and will tempt financial institutions in turn to tempt
their customers to 'try out' the chip with no obligation to
carry it permanently, and monetary rewards for those who
persevere. Supporters of the injectible microchip say it is just the
logical extension of a technology that already allows the
heavy monitoring of people through pagers, cellular
phones, 'smart' cards, and cars fitted with Global
Positioning System transponders. On the other hand, could
it not be said that the advent of the chip implant is the final
outrage which demonstrates the inherent unacceptability of
its technological ancestors? We are, it seems, fast
approaching a world that even George Orwell was not able
to envisage. Had the microchip implant been known in his day there can
be no doubt it would have replaced the 'telescreen' in his
dystopian novel 1984. The fact that the corporations and
individuals promoting its use are not being bombarded
daily with protests from millions of outraged citizens is itself
cause for wonder. How, particularly in countries such as
the USA and Britain in which civil liberties are so prized, is it
possible for so much propaganda to reach the mass media
with barely a hint of contrary opinion? Prof. Warwick has gained enormous publicity, and is
flooded with calls from journalists wanting to know how his
little experiment is going. Until, however, a sufficient
number of citizens make known their implacable opposition
to the totalitarian trend of a technology which threatens to
reduce most humans to the status of cattle, the likes of Prof.
Warwick will go about their evil work unperturbed.
JWR contributor Dr. David S. Oderberg is Lecturer in
Philosophy at the University of Reading, England, and a
freelance journalist.  (c)1998, David S. Oderberg
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-21 05:52:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Privacy Under Threat 
PRIVACY UNDER THREAT
     The Global Internet Liberty Campaign has released its latest survey of
privacy in 50 countries. It found that new technologies including the
Internet are increasingly eroding privacy rights, but there is a growing
trend towards privacy and data protection acts around the world. Over 40
countries are in the process of enacting such laws. See
  To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-21 05:53:26
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Former FBI Workers File Whistleblower Suit 
Source:  Washington Post
Former FBI Workers File Whistleblower Suit
Three Say Legal Protections Not Enforced
By Michael Grunwald
Washington Post Staff Writer
Tuesday, October 20, 1998; Page A17 Three former FBI employees sued the federal government yesterday,
alleging that President Clinton and Attorney General Janet Reno have failed
to enforce a 1989 law that protects whistleblowers who complain about
misconduct at the agency.
Former FBI agent Thomas M. Chamberlin, former FBI chemist Jorge L.
Villanueva and former FBI staffer Cheryl J. Whitehurst all allege that they
were fired or forced out of the bureau for reporting misconduct by their
colleagues. Whitehurst also contends she was harassed because she is
married to Frederic Whitehurst, a chemist whose allegations launched a
major investigation of the FBI laboratory.
Congress exempted the FBI, the CIA and the National Security Agency
from the Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989, which established a
government-wide Office of Special Counsel to investigate complaints of
retaliation against employees of most federal agencies. But a companion
law directed the president to set up a separate system to protect FBI
employees from reprisals, and in April 1997, after a lawsuit by Frederic
Whitehurst, Clinton issued a memorandum directing Reno to create it.
Justice Department officials are drafting new regulations that would
establish an office at the department to handle internal complaints about the
FBI. But after 18 months of work, the regulations are not ready.
"This is not a simple process, but the attorney general is taking it very
seriously," said Justice Department spokesman Bert Brandenburg. "When
we're done with this, there will be a structure that FBI whistleblowers can
turn to with confidence. . . . We're trying to set up something entirely new
here. It's not just add water and mix."
Brandenburg said the department expects to issue new regulations soon,
but said he could not be more specific. But David K. Colapinto, an
attorney for the three former FBI employees, said the government has
been promising those regulations for nine years.
"They keep telling us it's in the works, but they never produce any results,"
Colapinto said. "Without whistleblower protection for FBI employees,
there cannot be effective oversight of the FBI's activities."
The FBI declined comment, referring questions to Brandenburg.
According to recent testimony by Justice Department inspector general
Michael Bromwich, the FBI received 499 allegations of "serious
misconduct" from its employees last year and another 518 allegations of
"routine misconduct." But since the employees who made them were not
covered by the Whistleblower Protection Act, they had no guarantee that
they could appear before an administrative law judge if they believed they
were victims of retaliation, or that they would have access to documents
about their case during the discovery process.
Frederic Whitehurst, once the FBI's top expert in explosives residue
analysis, recently settled his own whistleblower lawsuit with the bureau for
about $1.65 million. Bromwich's massive investigation did not substantiate
all of Whitehurst's allegations, but it did reveal major shortcomings at the
FBI lab. Cheryl Whitehurst said she was retaliated against for her husband's
activities and for reporting the widespread use of bootlegged software on
FBI computers in violation of copyright laws. She said she quit her job
under duress last month.
Villanueva, who also worked in the laboratory, said he lost his job in
January because he refused to sign a petition supporting a supervisor who
had been criticized in Bromwich's report, and because he complained that
a colleague had forged a signature on a lab report.
Chamberlin said he was fired in 1994 after he gave confidential testimony
about wiretap violations by the FBI's Detroit field office, and then
complained that the subsequent FBI investigation of the alleged violations
had targeted him.  (c) Copyright 1998 The Washington Post Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-21 05:54:27
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Biometric Weekly: 10-19-98 
Welcome to "Biometric Weekly " - a weekly e-mail report on biometric
identification news - a service of the Biometric Digest.  "Biometric
Weekly" is distributed free of charge on Monday of each week.
Mentis Corp., a market research firm in Durham, N.C., says the biometric
market will total $100 million this year, a tiny fraction of the $100
billion spent on private security in the U.S. Yet Mentis predicts the
market will grow at a brisk 27% to 35% through 2000 as
pattern-recognition software improves, computers become better able to
handle the power-hungry biometric applications and prices fall.
Sonoma Resource Corp. has an agreement to acquire 45% of Biometric
identification Inc. . BII is an innovator in creating and applying
fingerprint authorization and verification technology.
Biometric Identification Inc. Chief Executive Officer Bob Kamm announced
his firm is collaborating with Key Source International to integrate Bio
ID silicon sensor fingerprint verification technology into Key Source
computer keyboards.
Biometric Identification Inc. announced the development and introduction
of prototypes for the first complete Biometric Fingerprint
Identification System that utilizes silicon sensor verification
SAFLINK Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of The National Registry
Inc. announced that it has licensed speech recognition and speaker
verification software technologies from Lernout & Hauspie Speech
Products N.V.
BERGDATA AG releases its new Fingerprint Software Developer's Kit .
Using this tool interested companies are able to develop and market
their own fingerprint based security applications.
Identix Inc. (ASE:IDX), a provider of live-scan and biometric
verification systems, announced the State of Wisconsin has chosen
Tacoma, Wash.-based
Sagem Morpho Inc. (Morpho), a subsidiary of Paris-based SAGEM SA, to
provide Identix TouchPrint 600(TM) live-scan systems and TouchPrint 602
card-scan systems for use by Wisconsin law enforcement agencies.
Philips Flat Display Systems (FDS), a division of Royal Philips
Electronics of the Netherlands, and Who? Vision Systems, Inc., a
developer of fingerprint biometric technologies and products, announced
they have partnered to develop and market a new line of flat fingerprint
sensors for an array of portable computing and consumer electronics
T-NETIX, Inc. (Nasdaq: TNTX), a provider of specialized call processing
and fraud control software technologies, announced today it was awarded
a three-year contract, with an option for two additional years, for the
installation of its new Inmate Calling System to Bell Atlantic and AT&T
for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Speech recognition took a small step forward last week when four
companies announced that they had formed a V-Commerce Alliance to
promote the technology for electronic commerce. Details of these four
companies will appear in the next printed edition of the "Biometric
-Sylvan/Identix Fingerprinting Centers, a joint venture of Sylvan
Learning Systems Inc. (SLVN) and Identix Inc. (IDX), received a contract
from UAL Corp.'s (U) United Airlines unit to provide fingerprinting
services. Sylvan/Identix said United will use Identix's TouchPrint 600
live-scan units in screening applicants to meet U.S. Postal Service
requirements for background checks on employees who handle mail.
Printrak International Inc. (AFIS) received a contract valued at more
than $45 million to provide automated fingerprint technology to the
government of Argentina. The company said it expects to have the system
up and running in less than a year. Printrak will work with prime
contractor Siemens Nixdorf GmbH, a unit of Siemens AG, to fulfill the
Identix Inc. said it has won a contract for over $1.2 million to supply
fingerprint identification equipment to the Internal Revenue Service.
ANADAC Inc., a subsidiary of Identix, will supply the IRS with the
TouchPrint 600 system which scans fingerprints automatically. The
systems are being installed at IRS service centers throughout the nation
to automate the fingerprinting process which is a major part of all IRS
employee background checks.
A service of the "Biometric Digest," a monthly newsletter with weekly
e-mail updates published by Biometric Digest, P.O. Box 510047, St.
Louis, MO  63151-0047.  Tel: (314) 892-8632.   Fax: (314) 487-5198.
"Biometric Digest" is an advertising-free technology newsletter
dedicated solely to biometric identification technology.  More
information on the above is provided in the printed copy of the
"Biometric Digest." You can obtain additional biometric information from
our web site at:  The annual subscription is $255 in the United States and $325 outside
the U.S. To subscribe, please send e-mail with your name, title, company
name and address, email address, telephone and  fax to -
wrogers We will send you an invoice.
For information on Banking on Biometrics Conference on October 12-14,
1998, visit If you should wish to discontinue the Biometric Weekly news service, you
can cancel automatically by sending a request direct to:
In the BODY of the memo, type -
   unsubscribe biometrics
   end
Note: on a second line type "end."
..... or please press your REPLY button and send us a return e-mail
requesting removal.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-21 05:56:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Privacy Rules Send U.S. Firms Scrambling 
Source:  Washington Post
Privacy Rules Send U.S. Firms Scrambling By Robert O'Harrow Jr. Washington Post Staff Writer Tuesday, October 20, 1998; Page C1 Business executives and government regulators have spent years noodling
about whether new rules are needed to protect an individual's right to
privacy in this information age. The European Union, by contrast, agreed
to "harmonize" its member states' tough privacy protections three years
ago, and regulations born of that agreement take effect next Monday, Oct.
26. That could be a big problem for many businesses on this side of the
Atlantic. Under the new rules, the EU's 15 member countries are obliged
to prohibit the transmission of names, addresses, ethnicity and other
personal information to any country that fails to provide adequate data
protection as defined under European law. European officials have said
repeatedly over the past year that the patchwork of privacy rules in the
U.S. may not meet their standards. Though no one expects the flow of information from Europe to stop
suddenly on Monday, anxiety about the new laws is growing because no
one is sure how they will be applied. Each country will have separate
privacy laws that cover the mandates of the EU directive, and all have
privacy agencies to oversee those laws. The kind of information covered by the regulations includes direct-mail
lists, hotel and travel reservations, medical and work records, orders for
products on the World Wide Web and a host of other data. Companies also will have to provide detailed disclosures to individuals
about how the data will be used and give those same individuals access to
the information to correct the data. To weigh the task at hand, consider that Citibank alone has 7.7 million
consumer accounts and about 9,000 employees in EU countries. "The scope is very broad," said Peter Swire, a law professor at Ohio
State University and co-author of "None of Your Business: World Data
Flows, Electronic Commerce, and the European Privacy Directive." "For major companies, there will be significant compliance issues," he
said. Thomas P. Vartanian, a D.C. lawyer and author of "21st Century Money,
Banking & Commerce," said the effects could be both sweeping and
quotidian. Consider the case of a German tourist who breaks a leg in New
York, he said. The tourist's health plan in Berlin may be unwilling or slow
to send medical records here. American companies also may be prohibited from transferring work
records of European employees. Moreover, direct marketers could face
sharp limitations on how they use lists of potential customers. Marketers, travel companies and other information-hungry firms in the
United States - from giant International Business Machines Corp. to
start-ups on the World Wide Web - are scrambling to assess what it
could mean for them. And government officials are meeting to head off
any potential crisis on Monday. "It holds the potential for leading to disruptions in the flow of data," said
David Aaron, undersecretary for international trade at the Department of
Commerce, who has been involved in talks with officials from the
European Commission. "This could have a major impact." The deadline has sharply etched differences in approaches to data
protection. Europeans consider information privacy a human right. Their
dreadful memories of how Nazi Germany used personal records in the
Holocaust played a role in development of the laws. In the United States,
industry and government officials have stubbornly resisted the regulation of
data collection, fearing restraints would stymie commerce and tread on the
First Amendment. Privacy advocates in Europe have made it clear they intend to press their
governments to be strict. A group called Privacy International has already
said it intends to monitor an array of U.S. and British companies, including
American Express Co., Citigroup, Microsoft Corp. and Visa
International. "Until there is some sense of certainty about how these rules are going to
apply, you're going to get what you always get with business uncertainty,
that is, you get delays and you get increased costs of doing business,"
Vartanian said. Charles Prescott, vice president of international business for the Direct
Marketing Association, agreed. "The uncertainty over how the directive
will be turned into local law is causing tremendous anxiety," said Prescott,
adding that hundreds of the group's U.S. members do extensive business
in Europe. In an effort to head off disruptions, Commerce Department officials have
been talking for months with counterparts in the European Commission,
the government body that helps coordinate regulations and policies that
affect all EU members. Those talks have eased fears of a sudden cutoff of data. Commission
officials said they are impressed by the Clinton administration's efforts to
highlight the importance of data protection and to press industry groups to
come up with a self-regulation framework to ensure privacy on the
Internet. "It's [in] nobody's interest, least of all ours, that we have a trade
said John F. Mogg, a director general of the European Commission, who
has been involved in talks with the Commerce Department's Aaron about
the matter. Mogg described the talks as "wholly constructive." Both Mogg and Aaron acknowledge, however, that significant differences
remain. Among the sticking points are provisions that give every citizen of
member countries the right to find out what information about them is in a
database and the power to correct mistakes. Few U.S. companies are
prepared to offer such access because of the costs involved. The directive also requires each outside country to have an independent
arbitrator to decide whether a company is being forthcoming about its
data. Mogg said that is "fundamental to us." But a system for such
accountability still does not exist in the U.S. Some countries also want
remedies to be available to citizens for violations. But officials say there are reasons for optimism. Many companies may be
able to meet the new guidelines by writing contracts that promise to
uphold key provisions, and by giving customers, employees and others
detailed disclosure statements about how their information will be used. A group called Privacy & American Business has worked with experts in
the United States and Europe to draft model contracts that would be
helpful, particularly for small and medium-size businesses that can't afford
to enter into lengthy negotiations. Companies also may be able to collect information from individuals who
give explicit consent, officials said. "The mood now is cautiously optimistic," said Harriet Pearson, director of
public affairs for IBM. Pearson said IBM has been working for more than
a year to prepare for the regulations and is in good shape to comply. But
she added that many questions remain unanswered for large and small
companies alike. "It's a very uncertain equation at this point," she said.  (c) Copyright 1998 The Washington Post Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-23 16:28:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: echelon in UK 
echelon is getting a *lot* of european coverage in their
newspapers and magazines over the last few weeks/months.
I find this quite remarkable. here in the US where we
pride ourselves on civil freedom, the public does not
even *squeak* about the massive NSA superstructure.
but the european community is starting to get fidgety
and uppity.
I sincerely hope that this pressure can be increased.
it would be quite ironic if the nsa began to feel heat
by *outside* countries, without the slightest raised
eyebrow by the submissive, prostrate US taxpayer
even as they suck up something
like 50 odd billion dollars a year out of our budget
without a trace.
personally I think an awesome cypherpunk project/campaign
would be an info-fight against the NSA. a guerrila style
campaign in which people try to plaster the message
everywhere, and "hack" the mainstream media.
the time is ripe, with the echelon brouhaha. it's a pity that hackers
spend their time fighting over somethig like Kevin
Mitnick when they could truly change the us govt as
we know it. I propose a continued, cyberguerilla
campaign to put the NSA into the public light and
make them squirm as much as a spook can do so (and
I'm certain they are *very* squirmy)

@_date: 1998-10-23 16:30:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Enhanced Ability to Tap Cell Phones 
Source:  Washington Post
Federal Plan Would Enhance Police
Ability to Tap Cell Phones By Jeannine Aversa
Associated Press Writer
Thursday, October 22, 1998; 11:16 a.m. EDT WASHINGTON - Law enforcement officials say they need to know
where a suspected criminal is when he makes a cellular telephone call.
Federal regulators are proposing to give them the capability to find out. The Federal Communications Commission without dissent proposed
today that cellular phone companies make technical changes so the FBI,
police and other law enforcers - as long as a court approves - can
locate a person talking on a mobile phone. This and other additional wiretapping capabilities being proposed aim to
help law enforcers keep pace with technology. With some 66 million cellular phone customers, police want the authority
to legally tap cell phones to track down drug dealers, terrorists and
kidnappers. But some groups worry that such a practice could violate
privacy. The location proposal is part of a larger plan to implement a 1994 law that
requires telecommunications companies to make changes in their networks
so police are able to carry out court-ordered wiretaps in a world of digital
technology. The proposal is based on a plan from the telecommunications
industry. "We think this is a positive step forward," said Stephen Colgate, the
Justice Department's assistant attorney general for administration. "In
many kidnapping cases, it would have been very helpful to have location
information." But James Dempsey, counsel to the Center for Democracy and
Technology, a privacy group, said: "We're prepared to fight this one every
step of the way." FCC Chairman Bill Kennard stressed that police would have no access to
locations without a court order. "A lot of people are saying the FCC will turn mobile phones into tracking
devices for the FBI and invade Americans' privacy. I don't believe that
will be the case," Kennard said. With a court order, police already can legally listen in to cell phone
conversations, and, in some instances, get information on the caller's
location. But not every company has the technical ability to provide a caller's
location. This proposal, if adopted, would set up a nationwide requirement
for companies to follow. The legal standard for obtaining a location is lower than the standard for a
wiretap order in which police must show a judge there is probable cause
of criminal activity. Under the proposal, police would only need to show the location is
relevant to an investigation. Privacy groups say that means the government
could easily track the movements not only of a suspect, but also of
associates, friends or relatives. It would give police the ability to obtain the cellular phone user's location
at the beginning and end of a wiretapped call. The proposal would provide police with that information based on the
cellular tower, or "cell" site, where a call originated and ended. That would
give information on the caller's location within several city blocks in an
urban area to hundreds of square miles in a rural area. The FBI had been seeking more exact location information. The FCC also is expected to tentatively conclude that companies must
give police, as long as a court approves, additional capabilities - beyond
minimum technical standards already proposed by the industry - so their
ability to conduct wiretaps won't be thwarted. The additional capabilities being sought by the FBI that were advanced by
the FCC include: -Giving police the ability to listen in on the conversations of all people on
a conference call, even if some are put on hold and no longer talking to the
target of a wiretap. -Giving police the ability to get information when the wiretap target has
put someone on hold or dropped someone from a conference call; and to
know if the wiretap target has used dialing features - such as call waiting
or call forwarding. -Giving police the number dialed by a wiretap target when the suspect,
for instance, uses a credit or calling card at a pay phone. Privacy groups and the telephone industry contend the additional
capabilities sought by the FBI go beyond the 1994 law and are an attempt
to broaden wiretapping powers. The FBI says it merely wants to preserve
the ability to conduct legal wiretaps in a world of constantly changing
technology. The FCC is involved because the Justice Department, FBI and the
telecommunications industry, after three years of negotiations, were unable
to reach agreement on the larger plan for implementing the 1994 law. All interested parties will get a chance to offer opinions on the proposal,
which could be revised. Kennard wants a final plan adopted by the end of
the year.  (c) Copyright 1998 The Associated Press To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-26 07:08:18
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: FCC Proposes Rules for Cellular Wiretaps 
Source:  Washington Post
FCC Proposes Rules for Cellular Wiretaps By Roberto Suro
Washington Post Staff Writer
Friday, October 23, 1998; Page A16 Law enforcement agencies armed with court-authorized surveillance
orders would be able to determine the location of a mobile telephone
caller under rules proposed by the Federal Communications Commission
The FCC proposals, which are still subject to a comment and review
process, would also require wireless telephone carriers to ensure that
police could tap into conference calls and collect information on the use of
services such as call-waiting and call-forwarding on cellular phones.
Determining how wiretapping will be adapted to the age of wireless
telecommunications has been the subject of a long-running dispute
between the telephone industry, privacy groups and the Justice
Department and the FBI, which have represented law enforcement
agencies nationwide. In 1994 Congress enacted the Communications
Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, which mandated that law
enforcement get the capabilities it needed to monitor wireless
communications without imposing unreasonable costs on industry or undue
invasions of privacy. The law did not, however, spell out how this should
be accomplished.
The FCC proposals approved yesterday mark the first time that a neutral
referee has defined what exactly is required by the 1994 law and has thus
defined the final stage of the debate.
"The FCC indicated its determination to ensure that, in the face of rapid
technological change, law enforcement maintains its ability to use
court-authorized wiretaps to combat the most serious crime, and at the
same time the FCC recognized the important privacy interests at stake,"
said Jonathan Schwartz, an associate deputy attorney general.
The Center for Democracy and Technology, which has led the fight for
privacy groups, issued a statement charging that the FCC had "proposed
turning wireless phones into location tracking devices and requiring
telephone companies to build additional surveillance features into their
telephone networks, largely rejecting privacy arguments that the
government already has too much surveillance powers."
The Justice Department and the FBI asked the FCC to intervene in April
after failing to convince industry and privacy groups to accept a list of nine
technical provisions considered essential to meet law enforcement's needs.
The FCC's proposed rules accepted the law enforcement position on five
points. These include access to detailed information on conference calls,
such as knowing when a party has gone on hold or has dropped from the
In addition, the FCC acceded to law enforcement's request for access to
digits dialed by a caller after the call has been connected, such as the
numbers punched to get access to a bank account or voice mail.
The FCC rejected law enforcement demands on three points, including a
requirement that carriers send a signal to verify that a wiretap is
properly, and declined to rule on a proposal that the carrier send a signal
whenever a caller received a network message, such as an incoming ring
that did not result in a completed call.
The proposal acknowledged the telecommunications industry's complaint
that the FBI was demanding capacities "that go beyond the scope of what
Congress had intended," said Thomas E. Wheeler, president of the
Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association.
The FCC rejected a petition from the Center for Democracy and
Technology asking it to prevent law enforcement from gaining location
information from wiretaps on cellular phones. The proposed rule would
oblige carriers to provide any information they have on the location of a
phone at the beginning and termination of a call.
"This does not turn wireless phones into tracking devices," FCC Chairman
William E. Kennard said in a statement. "Law enforcement can only
secure this information if a court authorizes it. This capability will help
enforcement make our streets safe."  (c) Copyright The Washington Post Company To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-26 15:16:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: anonymous remailers, network computer, singles sites, etc. 
well, nobody has commented on this a whole
lot here from what I can tell, but the net is now *plastered* with
anonymous remailers in various forms. it's
definitely not going away.
we now have mail.yahoo.com which can create
an alias in a few minutes. also, and there are others.
one could argue the Net PC (NC) is already here!!
web TV allows much software to be run on it
(btw, does anyone know if it runs java? if so,
I'd say that's definitely a NC). the point is
that sites such as games.yahoo.com etc. are
essentially sites in which a web site is
indistinguishable from software. "the network
is the computer". larry ellison went home
with his tail between his legs on the NC idea,
but what he doesn't realize is that it is
actually here en masse. (just not so much
in the corporate arena as he envisioned)
an interesting subset of anonymity is being
used very intensely with online personals!!
here's a sophisticated example
they have a lot of info on how their site
acts as a remailer for email messages.
this is a very "slick" online magazine clearly showing
huge amount of production cash which I personally
haven't heard too much about. a bit risque for
some peoples tastes, but very intriguing application
of cyberspace one never would have dreamt up just a few moons ago.
incidentally, there are bazillions of singles sites
out there on the internet. its another application of
the net one wouldn't necesarily have foreseen, but
it really makes sense. hooking up people with people.
a strange "killer app" of the net judging by how many
there are.  there's less "romantic" types of this thing too, for
just hooking up people with similar interests, such
as  and one tasteful/decent place to start for singles sites is
ultimately the internet population is starting to discover that
the key thing it does is related to *communities*....

@_date: 1998-10-26 15:28:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: capitalism run amuck by Korton 
this guy is really brilliant. the essay is brillant.
the pro-capitalist elements here should read this
very carefully and read his book. very well researched.
impeccable credentials. the real "truth behind the
scenes and events" of what's going on in the world ------- Forwarded Message
Your Mortal Enemy
Faceless bankers now move two trillion dollars around the world every day,
searching for quick profits, breaking national economies and putting ever
more pressure on natural wealth. What's to be done? Slay the beast of
capitalism, says David C Korten, and return money to its proper role.
An edited and ammended extract of David Korten's Schumacher Lecture in
Bristol on October 17 1998.
Published in The Guardian, October 21 1998.
For those of us who grew up believing capitalism is the foundation of
democracy, market freedom, and the good life it has been a rude awakening
to realise that under capitalism, democracy is now for sale to the highest
bidder, the market is centrally planned by global mega-corporations larger
than most countries, denying one's brothers and sisters a source of
livelihood is now rewarded as an economic virtue, and the destruction of
nature and life to make money for the already rich is treated as progress.
The world is now ruled by a global financial casino staffed by faceless
bankers and hedge fund speculators who operate with a herd mentality in the
shadowy world of global finance. Each day they move more than two trillion
dollars around the world in search of quick profits and safe havens sending
exchange rates and stock markets into wild gyrations wholly unrelated to
any underlying economic reality.
With abandon they make and break national economies, buy and sell
corporations, and hold the most powerful politicians hostage to their
interests. When their bets pay off they claim the winnings as their own.
When they lose, they run to governments and public institutions to protect
them against loss with pronouncements about how the poor must tighten their
belts and become more fiscally prudent.
In the United States, the media keep the public preoccupied with the
details of our president's sex life and calls for his impeachment for lying
about an inconsequential affair. Meanwhile, Congress and the president are
working out of view to push through funding increases for the IMF to bail
out the banks who put the entire global financial system at risk with
reckless lending.
They are advancing financial deregulation to encourage even more reckless
financial speculation. And they are negotiating international agreements
such as the Multilateral Agreement on Investment intended to make the world
safe for financial speculators by preventing governments from intervening
to regulate their activities.
To understand what is happening we must educate ourselves about the nature
of money and the ways of those who decide who will have access to it and
who will not.
As a medium of exchange, money is one of the most useful of human
inventions. But as we become ever more dependent on it to acquire the basic
means of our sustenance, we give to the institutions and people who control
its creation and allocation the power to decide whether we shall live in
prosperity or destitution.
With the increasing breakdown of community and governmental social safety
nets, our money system has become the most effective instrument of social
control and extraction ever devised. The fact that few of us think of the
money system as an instrument of control makes it more powerful and
efficient as an instrument of wealth extraction.
What of capitalism, the self-proclaimed champion of democracy, market
freedom, peace and prosperity? Modern capitalism involves a concentration
of wealth by the few to the exclusion of the many; it is more than a system
of human elites. It has evolved into a system of autonomous rule by money
and for money that functions on autopilot beyond the control of any human
actor or responsiveness to any human sensibility.
Contrary to its claims, capitalism is showing itself to be the mortal enemy
of democracy and the market. Its relationship to democracy and the market
economy is now much the same as the relationship of a cancer to the body
whose life energy it expropriates.
Cancer is a pathology that occurs when an otherwise healthy cell forgets
that it is a part of the body and begins to pursue its own unlimited growth
without regard to the consequences for the whole. The growth of the
cancerous cell deprives the healthy cells of nourishment and ultimately
kills both the body and itself. Capitalism does much the same to the
societies it infests.
One reason we fail to recognise the seriousness of our predicament is
because we fail to see how capitalism is destroying the world's real
wealth. It destroys social capital when it breaks up unions, bids down
wages, and treats workers as expendable commodoties, leaving society to
absorb the family and community breakdown and violence that are inevitable
consequences. It destroys institutional capital when it undermines the
function of governments and democracy by weakening environmental health and
labour standards, and extracting public subsidies, bailouts and tax
exemptions which inflate corporate profits while passing the burdens of
risk to governments and the working poor.
We arejust beginning to wake up to the fact that the industrial era has in
a mere century consumed a consequential portion of the natural capital it
took evolution millions of years to create. It is now drawing down our
social, institutional and human capital as well.
Democracy and markets are wonderful ways of organising the political and
economic life of a society to allocate resources fairly and efficiently
while securing the freedom and sovereignty of the individual. But modern
capitalism is about using money to make money for people who already have
more of it than they need. Its institutions breed inequality, exclusion,
environmental destruction, social irresponsibility and economic instability
while homogenizing cultures, weakening institutions of democracy and
eroding the moral and social fabric of society.
Though capitalism cloaks itself in the rhetoric of democracy and the
market, it is dedicated to the principle that sovereignty properly resides
not in the person, but rather in money and property. Under democracy and
the market, the people rule. Under capitalism, money rules.
The challenge is to replace the global capitalist economy with a properly
regulated and locally rooted market economy that invests in the
regeneration of living capital, increases net beneficial economic output,
distributes that output justly and equitably to meet the basic needs of
everyone, strengthens the institutions of democracy and the market, and
returns money to its proper role as the servant of productive activity.
It should favour smaller local enterprise over global corporations,
encourage local ownership, penalise financial speculation, and give
priority to meeting the basic needs of the many over providing luxuries and
diversions for the wealthy few. In most aspects it should do exactly the
opposite of what the global capitalist economy is doing.
Most of the responsibility and initiative must come from local and national
levels. Supporting nations and localities in this task should become the
core agenda of the United Nations, as the protection of people and
communities from predatory global corporations and finance is arguably the
central security issue of our time.
The first positive step would be to dismantle the World Trade Organisation
on the ground that there is no legitimate need for a global police force to
protect global corporations from the actions of democratically-elected
national and local governments so that the richest one per cent of humanity
can become even richer at the expense of the rest.
The WTO is a powerful, but illegitimate and democratically unaccountable
institution put in place through largely secret negotiations with little or
no public debate to serve purposes largely conltrary to the public
interest. The 99 percent of the world's people whose interests it does not
serve have every right to eliminate it.
Addressing the real need to police the global economy requires an
organisation very different from the WTO - an open and democratic
organisation with the mandate and power to set and enforce rules holding
those corporations that operate across national borders democratically
accountable to the people and priorities of the nations where they operate.
It should as well have the power to regulate and tax international
financial flows and institutions. And it should have a mandate to make
speculation unprofitable and to help protect the integrity of domestic
financial institutions from the financial markets and the predatory
practices of international financial speculators.
There are obvious questions as to whether such proposals are politically
feasible given the stranglehold of corporations and big money over our
political processes. Yet we could use this same reasoning to conclude that
human survival itself is not politically feasible.
Global corporations and financial institutions are our collective
creations. And we have both the right and the means to change or replace
them if they do not serve.
Dr David Korten is president of the People-Centered Development Forum
in Washington State, USA  and the author of
'When Corporations Rule the World' and the forthcoming 'The Post-Corporate
World: Life After Capitalism'.
- - --------------6FBCF3F02DF50E9512DB50EB--

@_date: 1998-10-28 11:39:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: 'Grass-Roots' Lobbyists Unrobed as AT&T 
Source:  Washington Post
'Grass-Roots' Lobbyists Unrobed as AT&T By Jackie Spinner
Washington Post Staff Writer
Saturday, October 24, 1998; Page A1 The Prince George's Coalition Against Hidden Taxes billed itself as a
"grass-roots" organization when it formed 10 days ago to fight proposed
legislation that would charge telecommunications companies seeking to
provide new telephone, Internet or other services. In those two weeks, the coalition, which has a paid spokesman and a
professional public relations firm at its disposal, has spent $50,000 on
radio, newspaper and television ads suggesting that the law would create a
"hidden tax" on telephone use for all residential and business customers in
Prince George's County. In fact, it is not clear what the legislation would mean for consumers. But
this much is certain: There is very little that is "grass roots" about the
Prince George's Coalition Against Hidden Taxes, which is a massive
lobbying effort by AT&T to quash efforts by Prince George's County to
cash in on the emergence of new communications technologies. The media campaign, which Prince George's County Executive Wayne K.
Curry (D) called a "disgraceful fraud," demonstrates how much is at stake
for a rapidly changing telecommunications industry and for a local
government that stands to collect about $6 million a year by taxing
providers of new services. Under the proposed legislation, the county would collect 3 percent of
gross revenue generated by companies that seek to use public rights of
way to lay cable, string wire or plant cellular towers to provide new
services. Prince George's County Council members are scheduled to vote
on the legislation Wednesday. Prince George's County is the first local jurisdiction in the Washington
region to consider a broad telecommunications fee for using public rights
of way. Governments across the country are struggling with similar efforts,
trying to get fair compensation while encouraging companies to come in
and provide services after the 1996 Telecommunications Act opened the
doors to competition. AT&T officials said the legislation is unfair and singles out
telecommunications firms from other users of public land, such as the
Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission, Washington Gas Light Co.
and Potomac Electric Power Co. "It's a money grab," said Ross Baker, director of governmental affairs for
AT&T in Maryland. "We pay handsomely right now for the occupancy of
the right of way." AT&T now pays permit fees and personal property taxes on equipment
located on public rights of way in Prince George's. The company
estimated those costs to be about $218,000 a year. According to AT&T, all phone customers' monthly bills could increase 3
percent to 15 percent if the legislation is passed because the cost would
have to be passed on to consumers. The company said it would indicate
on the bill what portion was the result of a "Prince George's County"
surcharge. "Telephone bills are going to go up," said Steve Novak, spokesman for
the AT&T-led coalition. County officials and the communications lawyer the county hired to draft
the legislation dispute that contention. They said the legislation
exempts from the fee basic telephone services such as those provided by
Bell Atlantic. But telecommunications companies, including Bell Atlantic,
would pay a fee for running new Internet lines or providing telephone
service over cable wires, something AT&T is exploring in some markets.
Companies also would be charged for offering new call waiting and call
forwarding features. "This legislation will not cause an increase in the prices of traditional
telephone service," said Nicholas P. Miller, the D.C.-based
communications lawyer advising the county. "On the other hand, because
billing is largely deregulated, we have no control over how the companies
may misrepresent the effect of this local rental charge." John Dillon, Bell Atlantic's vice president of external affairs, said the
company is opposed to legislation that taxes revenue for any of its
activities, traditional or otherwise. "If the county wants to sit down and talk about what costs are not being
covered, we will do that," he said. Thomas Haller, president of the Prince George's Chamber of Commerce,
which held what it called an emergency meeting yesterday to discuss the
legislation, said the bill could deter telecommunications companies from
doing business in the county. "If companies are dissuaded from providing telecommunications services
here because they can't compete, we're not going to have much
competition," Haller said. Novak said AT&T formed the coalition to warn the public about the
county's proposal. People calling the coalition to express their concern
about the legislation are quickly transferred to the office of their County
Council member. "We are trying to educate the public," Novak said. Council member M.H. Jim Estepp (D-Upper Marlboro), who sponsored
the legislation, said he received calls from residents at a rate of about 16
an hour during one day this week. Often, he said, callers were
disconnected when he started to explain his position. (Novak said the
disconnections are not intentional.) "These are big-time tactics, and when big money tries to crush local
government, not only are they doing a disservice to the county, that
becomes the issue," Estepp said. Curry agreed. "This isn't any citizens coalition. This is a bunch of giant
companies trying to profit off the public for free," he said. But AT&T spokesman Stephen H. Clawson said consumers are the ones
who will be hurt. "We found out that there was considerable confusion and concern about
the legislation," he said. "We have an obligation to our customers."  (c) Copyright 1998 The Washington Post Company To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-28 11:37:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Cell phone tapping stirs debate 
Source:  USA Today
10/22/98- Updated 12:08 PM ET
 The Nation's Homepage
 Cell phone tapping stirs debate
 WASHINGTON -- Law enforcement officials say they need to
 know where a suspected criminal is when he makes a cellular
 telephone call. Federal regulators are proposing to give them the
 capability to find out.
 The Federal Communications Commission without dissent
 proposed Thursday that cellular phone companies make technical
 changes so the FBI, police and other law enforcers -- as long as a
 court approves -- can locate a person talking on a mobile phone.
 This and other additional wiretapping capabilities being proposed
 aim to help law enforcers keep pace with technology.
 With some 66 million cellular phone customers, police want the
 authority to legally tap cell phones to track down drug dealers,
 terrorists and kidnappers. But some groups worry that such a
 practice could violate privacy.
 The location proposal is part of a larger plan to implement a 1994
 law that requires telecommunications companies to make changes
 in their networks so police can carry out court-ordered wiretaps in
 a world of digital technology. The proposal is based on a plan
 from the telecommunications industry.
 ''We think this is a positive step forward,'' said Stephen Colgate,
 the Justice Department's assistant attorney general for
 administration. ''In many kidnapping cases, it would have been
 very helpful to have location information.''
 But James Dempsey, counsel to the Center for Democracy and
 Technology, a privacy group, said: ''We're prepared to fight this
 one every step of the way.''
 FCC Chairman Bill Kennard stressed that police would have no
 access to locations without a court order.
 ''A lot of people are saying the FCC will turn mobile phones into
 tracking devices for the FBI and invade Americans' privacy. I
 don't believe that will be the case,'' Kennard said.
 With a court order, police already can legally listen in to cell phone
 conversations, and, in some instances, get information on the
 caller's location.
 But not every company has the technical ability to provide a
 caller's location. This proposal, if adopted, would set up a
 nationwide requirement for companies to follow.
 The legal standard for obtaining a location is lower than the
 standard for a wiretap order in which police must show a judge
 there is probable cause of criminal activity.
 Under the proposal, police would only need to show the location
 is relevant to an investigation. Privacy groups say that means the
 government could easily track the movements not only of a
 suspect, but also of associates, friends or relatives.
 It would give police the ability to obtain the cellular phone user's
 location at the beginning and end of a wiretapped call.
 The proposal would provide police with that information based on
 the cellular tower, or ''cell'' site, where a call originated and ended.
 That would give information on the caller's location within several
 city blocks in an urban area to hundreds of square miles in a rural
 area.
 The FBI had been seeking more exact location information.
 The FCC also is expected to tentatively conclude that companies
 must give police, as long as a court approves, additional
 capabilities -- beyond minimum technical standards already
 proposed by the industry -- so their ability to conduct wiretaps
 won't be thwarted.
 The additional capabilities being sought by the FBI that were
 advanced by the FCC include:
Letting police listen in on the conversations of all people on
a conference call, even if some are put on hold and no
longer are talking to the target of a wiretap. Letting police get information when the wiretap target has
put someone on hold or dropped someone from a
conference call, and letting them find out if the wiretap
target has used dialing features -- such as call waiting or call
forwarding. Giving police the number dialed by a wiretap target when
the suspect, for instance, uses a credit or calling card at a
pay phone.  Privacy groups and the telephone industry contend the additional
 capabilities sought by the FBI go beyond the 1994 law and are an
 attempt to broaden wiretapping powers. The FBI says it merely
 wants to preserve the ability to conduct legal wiretaps in a world
 of constantly changing technology.
 The FCC is involved because the Justice Department, FBI and the
 telecommunications industry, after three years of negotiations,
 were unable to reach agreement on the larger plan for
 implementing the 1994 law.
 All interested parties will get a chance to offer opinions on the
 proposal, which could be revised. Kennard wants a final plan
 adopted by the end of the year.
 (c)COPYRIGHT 1998 USA TODAY, a division of Gannett Co. Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-28 11:41:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Bioterrorism: America's Newest War Game 
Source:  The Nation
BIOTERRORISM  AMERICA'S NEWEST WAR GAME  BY PETER PRINGLE  "Catastrophic Terrorism" roars the headline over an article in the current
 Affairs. The three distinguished authors--John Deutch, a former director
of Central
 Intelligence; Ashton Carter, an ex-Pentagon assistant secretary; and
Philip Zelikow, a
 former member of the National Security Council--declare with unswerving
 that "the danger of weapons of mass destruction being used against America
and its
 allies is greater now than at any time since the Cuban Missile Crisis of
1962." Any act
 of "catastrophic terrorism," they say, could have the effect of Pearl
Harbor; it could
 divide America into a "before and after."  This is no shot across the bow of a sleeping ship. America is now spending
$7 billion a
 year defending itself against backpack nuclear bombs, canisters of nerve
gas and petri
 dishes of germ weapons planted in crowded cities by an as-yet-unknown
 So many different agencies are shoring up the nation's defenses against
 mega-terrorism, says the government auditor, that it's hard to keep track
of where all
 the money is going, let alone whether it is being spent wisely.  Any new government project tagged with the word "terrorism" goes to the
top of the
 pile in Congress. The Pentagon is ordering devices to sniff out nerve
gases and deadly
 germs. National Guard units that normally deal with floods and hurricanes
are being
 trained as chemical and biological SWAT teams. Under the threat of another
war with
 Iraq, all 2.4 million American troops are being vaccinated against
anthrax, and
 companies are scrambling to provide the vaccines--including, notably, a
 founded by Adm. William Crowe Jr., a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs
of Staff.
 The FBI wants to send more agents into embassies abroad and is demanding
its own
 planes to shuttle investigative teams around the world. Local and state
 used to dealing with flu epidemics are preparing for the nightmare gas or
 attack. And one can only imagine what antiterrorist projects the CIA has been
 dreaming up with its "black" budget of covert ops. Now the players in this
new war
 game have got a new title for their grim pursuit.  The thrust of "Catastrophic Terrorism" is a grand reorganization of the
Pentagon, CIA
 and FBI bureaucracies to eliminate the perennial agency overlaps and gaps
 "foreign" and "domestic" terrorism. The authors want to pool intelligence
at the FBI,
 create new Catastrophic Terrorism Response Offices, already dubbed CTROs, and
 cut the two dozen agencies with shopping lists for vaccines, gas sniffers
and protective
 clothing down to one--the Defense Department--because, they say, the
Pentagon has
 the expertise when it comes to rapid acquisition. The operation sounds
like it's a few
 steps short of war mobilization.  All but the new title, perhaps, could have been predicted (the original
choice, "Grand
 Terrorism," was rejected on the grounds that there is nothing grand about
this method
 of warfare). Beached by the fall of Communism and the end of the cold war,
 in the Pentagon and military think tanks have been circling a number of
new threats:
 First it was drug wars and then "rogue" states; but international
terrorism has an
 enduring quality in the annals of "threat politics." By dividing the
phenomenon into two
 distinct parts--conventional and catastrophic--Deutch, the quintessential
 academic/consultant to the Pentagon and the defense industry, and his
co-authors have
 mirrored the old cold war categories of conventional and nuclear weapons.  Conventional terrorist weapons are truck bombs filled with fertilizer
 Catastrophic terrorist weapons are nuclear, chemical and especially
 very weapons President Nixon renounced three decades ago in an effort to
 their spread to other countries. The sixties US arsenal of biological
weapons--then the
 world's largest and most sophisticated--has come back to haunt those now
 with the defense of the nation.  Chemical weapons of mass destruction have been used in state-sponsored
 warfare--by Iraq against Iran and its own Kurdish population--and
fragments of
 Saddam Hussein's dismantled Scud missiles were alleged by US investigators
to have
 traces of VX, the deadliest of all nerve gases. The worry is that such
weapons could
 also be used by Islamic fundamentalist groups such as the one that
President Clinton
 said he was concerned about when he recently authorized the firing of
cruise missiles at
 a pharmaceutical plant in Sudan--or by groups such as the Japanese cult Aum
 Shinrikyo, or by homegrown US adherents to survivalism.  No one denies the threat of catastrophic terrorism, but the pace at which
it has taken
 center stage as the prime threat to US security is almost as unnerving as
the threat
 itself. In the media, Russian defectors talk alarmingly of new strains of
 anthrax and deadly cocktails of smallpox and Ebola; teenage hackers invade
 super-secret Pentagon computers; Aum Shinrikyo is said to be back in
force, if not in
 action, after the Tokyo subway nerve gas incident; and three Texans are
charged with
 plotting to assassinate President Clinton with a cactus needle coated with
 flicked from a cigarette lighter.  Outside the calm of the international affairs departments of MIT and
Harvard (where
 Deutch and Carter work), or the offices of the Washington Beltway
"bandits" bulging
 with profits from new contracts related to terrorism, or indeed in the
Pentagon itself,
 where new acronyms bloom, a sense of panic is in the air. Expert after
expert says it's
 not a question of if but when this doomsday will occur. The media cast
around for
 bogymen and find Russia with its rusting biological weapons labs and
 scientists who could aid and abet the new bioterrorists.  Actually, in most years since 1980 the number of Americans killed by
terrorists has
 been fewer than ten, but the toll can suddenly jump. In 1983, 271
Americans were
 killed by terrorist attacks, most of them in the bombing of the Marine
barracks in
 Lebanon. Then came bombs at the World Trade Center in 1993 (six dead, 1,000
 injured), the Oklahoma City federal building in 1995 (168 dead, 500
injured) and the
 Khobar Towers Air Force housing complex in Saudi Arabia in 1996 (nineteen
 500 injured). The World Trade Center in New York is often taken as a
starting point
 for the new concern. What if the World Trade Center bomb had been nuclear,
or had
 dispersed a deadly pathogen?  In the rush to play a new war game there is always a tendency to hype the
threat. Last
 November Defense Secretary William Cohen appeared on TV holding a bag of
 claiming the equivalent amount of anthrax spores would be enough to kill
half the
 population of Washington, DC, an illustration that would only be valid if
the dispersal
 were perfect and the wind were always blowing in the right direction.
 Senator Fred Thompson, chairman of the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee,
 asked meekly of the terrorist threat, "Is it being overblown?" (The pun
was apparently
 unintended.)  There is, after all, no 100 percent protection against chemical or biological
 weapons--as there was no 100 percent protection against nuclear weapons. That
 doesn't prevent the rise of a new threat industry, of course, but one must
ask whether
 there is a way of averting catastrophe other than building Fortress America.  One of the true believers in the need for elaborate defenses against germ
weapons is
 none other than President Clinton. He became a convert, and started
pushing for
 stockpiles of vaccines, after reading--among all the intelligence reports
on terrorism
 and the Iraq crisis--a novel titled The Cobra Event, about a fictitious
germ attack on
 Manhattan using a mixture of smallpox and cold viruses. Chemical and
 warfare is great fiction material, of course, but are we in danger of
being unable to
 separate fact from fiction?  The author of the novel, Richard Preston, also wrote a non-fiction account
of the rise
 of "bioterrorism" in a March issue of The New Yorker. The article quoted a
 who was involved in the Soviet biological weapons program named Kanatjan
 Alibekov, who had been the Number Two in charge of the weapons section of the
 archipelago of Soviet biological plants known as Biopreparat. He
"defected" in 1992,
 a year after the fall of Communism, and changed his name to Ken Alibek. In
The New
 Yorker he said the Soviets had built huge plants for the production of
 weapons.  In the 1972 Nixon-negotiated Biological Weapons Convention, which
prohibited the
 development, production and stockpiling of these weapons, there was a
loophole; the
 treaty did not prevent countries from building a production line for such
weapons and
 keeping it in reserve. This is what the Soviets did--something US
intelligence had
 known about for some time.  But Alibek claims that the Russians had actually used these facilities to
produce tons of
 deadly anthrax, some of which had been genetically engineered so that
 vaccines were useless, and some of which may have been put into the
warheads of
 intercontinental ballistic missiles. Alibek also asserted that the
Russians had
 experimented with deadly cocktails of smallpox spiked with the Ebola
virus, which
 causes internal hemorrhaging, and with Venezuelan equine encephalitis, a
brain virus.  For almost a dozen breathless pages, The New Yorker treated its readers to
 gruesome details of the power of these pathogens, pausing only when the
 himself out of puff, asked the key question: Does anyone believe Alibek?
Or is he, as a
 defector who has apparently outlived his usefulness to the CIA's covert
 world, trying to make a buck in civvy street by exaggerating the
importance of his
 information? Preston consulted an old cold warrior, Bill Patrick, the
retired US
 biological warfare expert who was chief of product development for the US
 biological warfare laboratories at Fort Detrick, Maryland. Patrick, quite
reasonably for
 an old campaigner, takes the defector on trust; if Alibek doesn't know
what the
 Soviets were doing, then who does? But other scientific experts, not given
a hearing
 until page twelve of the thirteen-page New Yorker article, ranged from
skeptical to
 dismissive.  One was Dr. Peter Jahrling, the chief scientist at the US Army medical
 Institute of Infectious Diseases. He was one of Alibek's original
debriefers. Jahrling
 told The New Yorker, "His [Alibek's] talk about chimeras [mixtures] of
Ebola is sheer
 fantasy, in my opinion." Preston also consulted Joshua Lederberg, the Nobel
 Prizewinning molecular biologist and a member of a working group at the
 Academy of Sciences who advises the government on biological weapons and the
 potential for terrorism. Lederberg told Preston, "It's not even clear to
me that adding
 Ebola genes to smallpox would make it more deadly." Putting these comments
 up in the article would have been more responsible journalism, clearly,
but it would
 also have spoiled the story.  The week before the New Yorker article ran, Alibek was given his first
 exposure, on Diane Sawyer's PrimeTime Live show. "Biological weapons. They're
 real, they're here...smallpox, Ebola, anthrax," was how the hourlong show
 Alibek told Sawyer that the Russians had created a deadly genetic merger
of smallpox
 and Ebola. "In this case, [the] mortality rate [is] about 90 percent, up
to 100 percent.
 No treatment techniques," warned Alibek. "How many people could they have
 Sawyer asked him. "The entire population of Earth several times," he
replied. ABC
 generously shared Alibek with the New York Times, which, in return, promoted
 Sawyer's show on its front page with an interview with the former Soviet
 scientist--including a warning (not mentioned by Sawyer) that Alibek was
 by US intelligence to be credible about the "subjects he knows
firsthand...[but] less
 reliable on political and military issues."  Sawyer's search for Soviet malfeasance took her to Ekaterinburg (formerly
the Soviet
 city of Sverdlovsk), where, in 1979, an accidental release of anthrax
spores from a
 Soviet military compound killed more than sixty people. After reports of
the accident
 reached the West through Soviet migrs, Moscow claimed the deaths were
 of anthrax-tainted meat (anthrax is endemic in the region). Matthew
Meselson, the
 Harvard molecular biologist and the scientist who was instrumental in
 Nixon to outlaw biological weapons in 1969, led a team of investigators to
 Sverdlovsk. In 1994 Meselson proved in an article in Science, the journal
of the
 American Association for the Advancement of Science, that in fact there
had been a
 release of anthrax spores from the military compound, and he confirmed
nearly seventy
 deaths.  But Sawyer, who spent four months researching the show, never interviewed
 Meselson or anyone from his team, including Jeanne Guillemin, a
sociologist at Boston
 College who had cross-checked a Russian casualty list with hospital
records, local
 interviews and grave sites. Instead, Sawyer referred to an unnamed
director of a
 Sverdlovsk military hospital as saying there had been 259 victims--but not
how many
 of the victims had died. Sawyer's staff called Professor Meselson the
night before the
 program aired, but merely to ask his help with the pronunciation of a
number of drugs
 used to treat the victims: penicillin, cephalosporin, chloramphenicol and
 corticosteroids.  In a further effort to suggest that more spookiness was afoot, Sawyer
recorded that at
 the end of 1997 Russian scientists had published a paper in the British
medical journal
 Vaccine describing the creation of a genetically engineered anthrax strain
that was
 resistant to standard Russian anthrax vaccine. "Might the Russians be
creating germs
 that can resist vaccines?" asked Sawyer. But was there really anything
sinister about
 the Russian work? Were the Russian experiments threatening a new kind of
 catastrophic terrorism, or were Russian scientists simply studying the
lethality of
 anthrax, which is endemic in Russia?  Sawyer didn't mention that Western intelligence had known about the new
 strains for almost two years--from an unclassified International Workshop
on Anthrax
 held at Winchester, England, in September 1995. The Russian scientists had
 described their experiments at the meeting sponsored by a number of
 charitable and professional organizations independent of the US and British
 governments.  Bioterrorism, biocriminals, bioweaponeers--all good buzzwords for
novelists and
 movie makers who will continue to sound alarms and attract influential
followers, no
 doubt; but the fact is, there have been only two serious uses of
biological weapons in
 this century: one by the Japanese Imperial Army against China, and the
other a failed
 attempt by Aum Shinrikyo to disperse anthrax spores.  So if there are terrorists out there wanting to use biological or chemical
or nuclear
 weapons, how good is our intelligence about them? In hearings before
Congress in
 1995 the CIA admitted that its terrorism intelligence desk somehow missed
the 1994
 sarin gas attack by Aum Shinrikyo in Matsumoto, which killed seven
 the event had been reported in the Japanese and European press and even in
 US-owned International Herald Tribune. Such revelations suggest that a new,
 multi-agency National Intelligence Center, as proposed by Deutch et al. in
 Affairs, might not only be a good idea but a necessity. But why a whole new
 bureaucracy? Why the Manhattan Project syndrome? The Aum Shinrikyo story
 suggests that a small band of well-trained researchers who tap into
publicly available
 information could be as useful as national information centers, wiretaps
and grand jury
 investigations.  The risk in rushing to meet the new threat--any new threat--with new
departments of
 counter-espionage and counter-weapons is that the old art of deterrence
 international treaties will take a back seat. The United States already
has a policy that
 criminalizes terrorist activity at home, including the postOklahoma City
 Anti-Terrorism Act of 1996. It also supports sanctions against countries
 terrorism and corporations exporting material that could be used to
produce weapons
 of mass destruction.  In the article on catastrophic terrorism, Deutch et al. mention the
proposal of Harvard
 professor Meselson and his law professor colleague, Philip Heymann, for an
 international convention making it a crime for individuals to engage in
the production of
 biological or chemical weapons. The existing chemical and biological
 apply only to states. The idea is to deter national leaders, such as
Saddam Hussein,
 and groups such as Aum Shinrikyo, from seeking to develop chemical or
 weapons, and to discourage corporations from assisting them because the
scientist or
 the CEO could be arrested. If such a treaty had existed and been supported
by the
 United States in the eighties when Iraq was using poison gas and
developing biological
 weapons, the suppliers and advisers on whom Saddam depended could have been
 brought to trial.  The proposal is being co-promoted by Meselson's longtime ally in the fight
to eliminate
 chemical and biological weapons, Julian Perry Robinson of the University
of Sussex in
 England. The crimes are carefully defined in the precise language of the
chemical and
 biological conventions, now ratified by 120 and 141 countries
respectively. Under the
 proposed law any nation that is party to the existing conventions would be
 either to prosecute or to extradite a violator. Such treaties already in
effect are aimed
 at piracy, genocide, airline hijacking and harming diplomats on active
duty. If the
 proposal becomes law, terrorists would have their support group cut from
under them;
 there is even the suggestion of a reward for anyone who provides
information leading
 to a perpetrator's arrest. Maybe the fiction writers will pick up the idea
too. Then, who
 knows whether the FBI or some adventurer from the plaintiff's
bar--bringing, say, a
 class action on behalf of aggrieved shareholders of a company caught
trading in
 anthrax--will be the first to be responsible for the arrest of the
culprits? The next
 generation of terror novels should be filled with "biocriminals" and
"chemothugs."  For an alternative view, and relief from the drumbeat of the New Threat
 one can turn to this quarter's Foreign Policy, a rival of Foreign Affairs.
In an article
 titled "The Great Superterrorism Scare," Ehud Sprinzak, a professor of
 science at Jerusalem's Hebrew University, suggests that the voices of doom
 mistaken. Their concept of postcold war chaos breeding terrorist fanatics
is simply
 not supported by the evidence of three decades. "Despite the lurid
rhetoric, a massive
 terrorist attack with nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons is hardly
inevitable. It is
 not even likely," he writes. "Terrorists wish to convince us that they are
capable of
 striking from anywhere at any time, but there is really no chaos. In fact,
 involves predictable behavior, and the vast majority of terrorist
organizations can be
 identified well in advance." Such views tend to go unheard by doomsayers. The
 Republicans added $9 billion to the military budget, including several
additional millions
 for antiterrorism projects, by emphasizing unpreparedness--sure to be a
big issue in
 Election 2000.  Peter Pringle, a British journalist, reported on the end of the cold war from
 Washington and Moscow for The Independent of London. Join a discussion in the Digital Edition Forums.  Or send your letter to the editor to letters The Nation Digital Edition   Copyright (c) 1998, The Nation Company, L.P.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-28 11:36:16
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Europe May Block Flow of Internet Data With US 
Source:  Christian Science Monitor
International - Monday October 26, 1998 Europe May Block Flow of Internet Data With US Peter Ford, Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor PARIS -- Radically different American and European notions of privacy and
how to protect it are
threatening to curb the worldwide boom in electronic commerce. New European Union rules governing international transfers of personal data
over the Internet go
into effect today. They commit EU governments to strict new privacy
standards in electronic
databases storing citizens' personal details. And they oblige governments
to block data transfers to
countries that fail to uphold "adequate" privacy provisions. That, in the European Commission's view, includes the United States.
Year-long efforts by senior US negotiators to convince the EU otherwise
have shown how "in
Europe, privacy is seen as a human right ... while the Americans are saying
that the market should
look after it," says Christiaan van der Valk, an expert in electronic
privacy issues with the
Paris-based International Chamber of Commerce.
Unless European and US negotiators reach agreement, the EU directive "could
have pretty severe
long-term effects, hindering the extension of e-commerce and the
globalization of industry generally,"
warns IBM spokeswoman Armgard von Reden.
The new rules give European citizens the right to access personal data held
on them by private
corporations and to correct it if it is false. Individuals must give
consent to the processing of sensitive
data such as medical records or details of ethnicity.
Web-site operators routinely capture personal information about users who
visit their sites and sell it
to direct marketing companies and other clients. "Privacy safeguards in the
United States have not
kept up to date," argued Marc Rotenberg, a teacher of privacy law at
Georgetown University in
Washington, in testimony to the US House of Representatives earlier this year.
If data protection officials in European countries were to start forbidding
the transfer of personal
data to the US this week, or demanding individual notification of such
transfers from data
processors, "everything would grind to a halt," says Philip Jones,
assistant registrar at Britain's Data
Protection Registry, a government body.
Every day companies such as airlines, banks, and insurance firms transfer
millions of bits of
information - like names, addresses, and phone numbers - on clients or
potential customers. But "nobody is going to go down to some basement in European Union
headquarters to throw a
switch that will shut off all data flows on Monday morning," adds Professor
Only a handful of the 15 EU countries have passed the legislation to
implement the Commission's
directive. The Commission is still negotiating with the US on how the rules
will be enforced.
Washington, reluctant to legislate, is seeking EU approval for a voluntary
system. US companies
wishing to process Europeans' personal information would adhere to a set of
principles laid down
by the Department of Commerce. How they would be enforced, however, and how
citizens could seek redress for any grievances, is not yet clear.
Alternatively, US negotiators are suggesting companies could join systems
such as the Online
Privacy Alliance, set up by IBM and Time-Warner, among others. Members
commit themselves to
respect the alliance's privacy standards and to submit to checks by
Trust-e, an independent
verification organization.
Data-importing companies in the US could also sign contracts with the
exporter, pledging to treat
information with the same degree of confidentiality it would enjoy in
Europe. "Most global
companies are heading in this direction," says Ms. von Reden. EC officials were to meet European representatives today to discuss the
American proposals and
Washington's request for a 90-day extension of the application of the new
rules. Nobody expects
dramatic changes this week, but privacy activists are expected to test the
directive as soon as it
comes into force by laying a complaint against a high-profile company such
as Visa International or
At the moment, says one executive with an international financial services
group, "I am not sure that
anyone can say how this is all supposed to work in real life." To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-28 11:37:47
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] Microsoft puts smart card on table 
SCAN THIS NEWS
Microsoft puts smart card on table
By Tim Clark
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
October 26, 1998
Update: Microsoft tomorrow will announce an extension of its Windows
operating system for smart cards, a company spokesman said today.
Smart cards, which have very limited memory and processing power, are about
the size of a credit card and embedded with a computer chip. The technology
is used for storing data on mobile phones, banking online, and paying for
phone calls and public transit fares.
Microsoft vice president Paul Maritz is scheduled to announce the operating
system initiative tomorrow at Cartes 98, a conference on smart card
technology in Paris.
A new system from Microsoft could bring more acceptance of smart cards in
the United States. Smart cards have been used in Europe, which holds more
than 80 percent of the market, but have been slow to progress in America, at
least in part beacuse of the lack of a standard operating system.
Microsoft is bidding to enter that arena, but Sun Microsystems is already
active in that space with its JavaCard specification. In addition, Mondex,
an e-cash company controlled by MasterCard has its MultOS system designed so
cards with different operating systems can work together.
The company's interest in smart cards parallels its strategy with Windows
CE, a stripped-down version of its PC operating system for consumer
electronics devices. In April, Microsoft announced a version of Windows CE
for automobiles, gas pumps, industrial controllers, and other uses.
The smart-card initiative seeks to go after even smaller, cheaper
devices--particularly when rival Sun is targeting the same business. The
Microsoft spokesman said card developers could use existing Windows tools to
work with their software.
The annual Paris show is a major showcase for the smart card industry.
Schlumberger, a major French manufacturer of smart cards, today unveiled new
software for its cards that transforms a smart card into a security device
to identify its holder.
Many PC makers have said they will produce machines with smart-card readers
built in, a capability that Microsoft has provided in its desktop PC
operating systems. Microsoft has a certification and logo program that
indicates smart card systems work with Windows NT.
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-10-28 11:36:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.68: No Data Flow Disruption Between EU & US--at Least for Now 
ISPI Clips 5.68: No Data Flow Disruption Between EU & US--at Least for Now.
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Tuesday October 27, 1998
This From: CNET News.com, October 25, 1998
European privacy deadline nears
Tim Clark
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
The European Union will not disrupt the flow of data between Europe and the
United States, even though strict new privacy protections took effect in
Europe yesterday, a key Commerce Department official said today.
The new European Union privacy directive prohibits sending personal data to
nations whose privacy protections aren't as vigorous as in the 15-country
bloc, but Commerce undersecretary David Aaron said today that the Europeans
have agreed to open formal negotiations on how U.S. firms can comply with
U.S. diplomats have been discussing the issue with the European Commission
for six months, in talks described as discussions rather than as
"We believe we can reach a resolution, and we think it is imperative that
we do so promptly," Aaron said, naming December 15 as a target to close the
"The U.S. premise is that the United States has effective privacy
protection but that the approach here is different than in Europe," he
said. "We will seek an arrangement that provides a workable framework on
both sides of Atlantic, where data will be secured and disruption of
transatlantic data flows will be avoided."
The EU's privacy directive, if enforced, could prevent database marketing
firms, Web sites, U.S. firms with European employees, and credit card
companies from sending personal data back to the United States. That's
because the privacy directive bars export of data to nations whose
protection of personal data is not certified to be as strong as Europe's.
The issue remains a sticking point despite earlier hints from the White
House that the problem would be settled by now.
Months of discussions have led U.S. officials to hope that the private
sector-led approach favored by the Clinton administration can be reconciled
with strict privacy laws in many European nations.
The United States is proposing a concept dubbed "safe harbor:" In the
absence of U.S. privacy legislation, American firms could voluntarily
adhere to a set of privacy practices such as those from TRUSTe
 ], the business-backed U.S. privacy group pushing
voluntary privacy guidelines on the Internet. The U.S. and the European
Union will negotiate as to the content of privacy guidelines that would be
considered acceptable protections to allow U.S. firms to send personal data
on individuals from Europe to the United States.
"If companies did that, privacy protections would be considered 'adequate,'
and there would be a presumption that data would be able to flow," the U.S.
official said.
TRUSTe executive director Susan Scott has spoken favorably in recent weeks
about the safe harbor concept, and she outlined the idea to the Europeans
earlier this year.
But privacy law advocate Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the
Electronic Privacy Information Center, isn't sure the safe harbor concept
will fly.
"The U.S. had been saying there was going to be some big agreement, but
there isn't one," said Rotenberg, who favors strong U.S. privacy laws. "So
there is still a question as to whether U.S. firms will be blocked by the
EU directive."
Copyright (c) 1995-98 CNET, Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-28 11:36:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.69: EU Law Aims to Protect Privacy of Personal Data 
ISPI Clips 5.69: EU Law Aims to Protect Privacy of Personal Data
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Tuesday October 27, 1998
This From: The New York Times, October 26, 1998
European Law Aims to Protect Privacy of Personal Data
EDMUND L. ANDREWS
FRANKFURT, Germany -- The European Union put into effect a law Sunday
prohibiting U.S.-style buying and selling of personal data, a move that
could interrupt electronic commerce with the United States if the two sides
fail to resolve deep philosophical and legal differences over protecting
The goal of the European law is to prohibit companies from using
information about their customers in ways the customers never intended --
for example, selling it to other companies for use as a marketing tool.
The new law affects an enormous range of information that companies collect
about people in the course of daily business, from credit-card transactions
to magazine subscriptions to telephone records, as well as the electronic
footprints that people leave when they visit sites on the World Wide Web.
The law was adopted three years ago by the European Union after a majority
of its 15 member nations agreed to issue what is known as a directive.
Under European law, each member nation is required to implement the
directive by enacting its own law. Six nations have drafted or passed such
laws so far.
Beyond its impact on Europe, the directive has the potential to disrupt
electronic commerce with the United States. A key provision of the new
measure would prohibit any company doing business in the European Union
from transmitting personal data to any country that does not guarantee
comparable privacy protection -- foremost among them, at this point, the
United States.
American direct-marketing companies, which make money buying, selling and
developing business strategies based on huge data banks of personal
information about consumers, have lobbied hard against government
regulation of their industry. As a result, the Clinton administration has
adopted a more laissez-faire approach under which data industries would be
allowed to police themselves through self-regulatory organizations.
U.S. officials say they agree with Europe on the basic principle that
privacy should be protected but they have big differences about the best
way to carry it out.
"They have privacy czars and bureaucracies, and that kind of top-down
approach would probably be regarded as a violation of privacy rights by
many people in the U.S.," David Aaron, undersecretary of commerce, said of
European nations.
Aaron, who held talks on the issue with European officials in Brussels,
Belgium, earlier this month, added, "We say, 'Let's create a situation
where, if companies agree to follow certain data practices, they can be
held harmless under the new directive."'
If the issue, which neither side paid much attention to until a few months
ago, is not resolved, European officials could theoretically soon begin to
block trans-Atlantic data transfers by multinational corporations and the
growing number of Internet companies.
European officials say they have no plans for any blockades soon, and are
hopeful about reaching a peaceful resolution. Officials from the United
States and Europe say they held constructive positive discussions earlier
this month. The European Commission has scheduled a meeting on the issue
for Monday, and it is expected to seek some kind of temporary solution
while the two sides negotiate.
Underlying the debate is a deeper political issue that is fraught with
cultural baggage. For years, European nations have been far tougher than
the United States about protecting privacy. Many countries essentially ban
telephone marketing to people's homes, and that prohibition is now being
applied to unsolicited sales approaches by fax and e-mail.
Several nations, including Germany and the Netherlands, have government
agencies devoted exclusively to protecting personal data.
Acting as ombudsmen, these agencies investigate complaints from individuals
who believe that companies have mishandled information about them.
Companies that are accused of violating privacy laws can be prosecuted
under criminal laws.
"There is a great difference in attitudes about privacy protection between
Europe and the United States," said Ulrich Sieber, a law professor at the
University of Wuertzburg in Germany.
U.S. privacy laws are far more lax and consist of a hodgepodge of statutes
and regulations enforced by various state and federal agencies charged with
oversight of other industries, like, for instance, those that regulate
In sharp contrast with Europe, an entire industry has arisen in the United
States that specializes in trolling public and private sources for vast
quantities of personal information, like birth records, drivers' license
numbers and torrents of data accumulated by retailers about customers'
individual purchases.
The new European directive embraces several basic principles that national
governments must now translate into their own laws. It requires that
companies tell people when they collect information about them and disclose
how that information will be used. In addition, customers must provide
informed consent before any company can legally use that data.
The law also requires companies to give people access to information about
U.S. officials say they agree with those requirements in principle, but
disagree with giving people unconditional access to information about
themselves, saying access should be allowed only if it is reasonable or
practical to do so.
The more difficult issues are enforcement and policing. Aaron says the
United States wants to give companies a variety of "safe harbors" to
satisfy privacy protection. One idea is to create independent
self-regulatory organizations that would monitor a company's data practices
and would give well-behaved companies what amounts to a stamp of approval.
Another option, they say, should be for companies to deal directly with
European officials and demonstrate that their systems and practices are
But legal experts say the new law could easily take on a life of its own,
because it gives individuals and private organizations the right to sue
companies that they say fail to provide adequate privacy protections.
Industry and government officials worry that independent privacy advocates
in Europe will simply invoke the letter of the law and begin taking U.S.
companies to court.
"I'm not sure the idea of creating safe harbors will be practical, because
people can still go ahead and sue a company regardless of whether the
governments reach an agreement among themselves," said Christopher Kuner, a
lawyer in Frankfurt who specializes in European information law.
In the short term, government and industry officials predict that nothing
much will happen. Most countries have yet to implement their own laws to
carry out the directive. And several countries, including Germany, have had
tough laws in place for years, and companies have found ways to deal with
the requirements.
One of the pioneering cases in Germany involved Citibank, which ran afoul
of German data-protection authorities in 1995. But since Citibank, which
has a major business presence in Germany, demonstrated to government
officials there how its system protected data in the United States, it has
operated without conflicts.
Executives of American Express Co. said they had reached similar agreements
in many countries and that they believed they could live with the new
directive. "It is a crucial issue for us, but it has not been a burden so
far," said James Tobin, an American Express spokesman in London.
John Borking, vice president of the Data Protection Authority of the
Netherlands, said, "We are not information police, and I expect that in the
whole of Europe nothing will happen."
But, added Borking, European governments will always take privacy
protection seriously.
"We are at the beginning of a new information society, and no one really
knows the outcome," he said. "But privacy and trust are important parts of
this society."
Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-10-28 11:37:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: CIA admits drug trafficking, cover-up 
Source:  WorldNetDaily
CIA admits drug trafficking, cover-up COPYRIGHT 1998 WorldNetDaily This isn't the CIA report you may be thinking of, the
one from last January in which that agency swore up
and down it "could find no evidence" for any
contra-drug ties. No. This is the other one --
Volume 2, dated October 8, 1998. The one in
which the CIA quietly, quietly admits it allowed
cocaine to be exported and sold to American
citizens to help fund the contras. Back in March, the CIA's Inspector General, Fred
Hitz, told Congress that the CIA had maintained
relationships with companies and individuals that it
knew to be involved in the drug business, and
furthermore, that the CIA had received from the
Justice Department clearance not to report any
knowledge it might have of drug-dealing by CIA
assets. Here's ample evidence for the latter at least:
random highlights from the report include "Exclusion
of Narcotics Violations from Scope of Reportable
Non-employee Crimes" -- "DoJ and CIA discussed
the issue of whether narcotics violations should be in
the list of reportable crimes and the parties arrived
at an understanding where CIA would only report
'serious, not run-of-the-mill, narcotics violations.' ...
According to Cohen, CIA's main concern was the
collection of intelligence on narcotics, not law
enforcement." There's also some Clintonesque
toe-twisting about the exact definition of "employee"
here:  Between August 15, 1979 and March 2,
 1982, CIA was required by the April 15,
 1979 Attorney General's guidelines under
 E.O. 12036 and HN 7-39 to report to DoJ
 any narcotics trafficking allegations relating to
 individuals, assets, or independent
 contractors who were associated with the
 Contras because assets and independent
 contractors were considered "employees" for
 crimes reporting purposes. As of March 2,
 1982, the terms of the 1982 CIA-DoJ
 Crimes Reporting MOU under E.O. 12333
 no longer required that CIA report to DoJ
 narcotics trafficking allegations regarding
 individuals, assets, or independent
 contractors associated with the Contras
 because assets and independent contractors
 were not considered "employees" for crimes
 reporting purposes. Note also recollections of "remarks by CATF chief
Alan Fiers (who had direct responsibility for
management of the Nicaraguan and Central
American programs) to the effect that there had
been some credible reporting of narcotics trafficking
in the Southern Front (Costa Rica)." In short, here's vindication for journalist Gary Webb
after all -- despite his regrettable subsequent
co-optation by and collaboration with the
conspiracy theorists of the left, who claimed the
introduction of drugs into the inner cities was itself a
deliberate racist-genocidal government policy. Want
more? Read the report; read Webb's original book
, though it's sadly marred by the Maxine Waters
introduction; read, also, Whiteout by Alexander
Cockburn and Jeffrey St. Clair, which covers not
only the CIA's drug trafficking involvement, but the
campaign to discredit Webb as well -- it's the book
the CIA doesn't want you to read. It really IS the economy, stupid In political philosophy, there's a fine line between
the visionary innovator and the cryptoutopian
crackpot. The Economic Government Group
pushes that line. Formed out of concern that "the
freedom movement was focused too closely on
devising ways to minimize the state and not enough
on developing workable alternatives to it," it works
to let the marketplace become the means by which
government is created and maintained. Its Web site,
Economic.net , carries not one but two
introductions to its occasionally loony, but
occasionally blisteringly creative ideas; I
recommend Stephen H. Foerster's good
straightforward summary of this take-no-prisoners
free-market philosophy. Fans of the book The
Sovereign Individual by J. Davidson and W.
Rees-Mogg may find affinities here. Capitalistic self-regulation now in progress Its familiar branded online seal is displayed on more
and more reputable merchants' Web sites; its own
site offers a variety of privacy resources for both
Web publishers and Web users. TRUSTe seeks to
build users' trust and confidence on the Internet and,
in doing so, accelerate growth of the Internet
industry -- all based on a strong understanding of
the fact that no single privacy principle is adequate
for all situations. Government regulation of the
Internet would likely be more rigid, ham-handed,
costly to implement, and difficult to repeal than an
industry- regulated program such as TRUSTe's. If
you sell stuff on the Internet, or know someone who
does, using and encouraging the use of TRUSTe
just might be doing Web commerce a big favor. The forgotten point of the military The relatively high levels of defense spending today
belie serious gaps in our military preparedness.
Pork-barreling is grotesquely distorting the direction
of the dollars actually appropriated to the services,
in a spirit well exemplified by the latest budget from
Congress. Meanwhile, America's armed forces are
more and more diverted into "peacekeeping" and
domestic policing, subjected to the egalitarian
schemes of social engineers, and systematically
alienated from civilian society. "The lack of a strong
military leads only to its more frequent use," former
secretary of the Navy John Lehman points out.
"America needs forces that are recruited, trained,
and directed to do not social services, not
international welfare, not peacekeeping, not drug
interdiction, but to rain fire and destruction on our
enemies if they break the peace and seek to attack
us and our close allies. ... The armed services are
not just another branch of the civil service." Lehman
warns against the misuse of the services for
diplomacy or in domestic law enforcement
(including drug interdiction). His prescription for the
rehabilitation of the military includes restoring the
warrior culture of the forces, eliminating politically
correct double standards, redressing the
civil-military imbalance, and reducing the pork.
Somebody had better start listening to him. E - The People "If your car is swallowed up by a pothole the size of
Poughkeepsie, E - The People can help you find the
person you need to tell about it," claims this
community-affairs Web service's front page. Click
on "streets," enter your address, and they'll identify
your public works commissioner -- and see that
your complaint reaches his or her office, even if that
office isn't on the Internet (they'll convert your email
to a fax). Lots of Web sites offer "easy" access to
federal or state officials, but not many provide on
this nitty-gritty local level. The site sometimes slows
down at busy times, so use patience. The CSPI health crackpots are at it again This time it's soda pop that they're warning you is
the devil's instrument. They want it banned from
schools, taxes placed on its sale, and an end put to
ads for it that target children. When are these
querulous suburban Savonarolas' fifteen minutes
going to be over? Methinks I detect a certain
cooling toward them even now: wonder of
wonders, the AP actually noticed this time that they
"offered little scientific evidence" for all their dire
claims of damaging effects. But I'm not really
optimistic; there'll always be a market for scare
stories with a moralistic cherry on top.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-29 11:20:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: cohen predicts army patrols US streets 
Sorry no URL on this--the following was copied from the FreeRepublic website DOD BILL COHEN WARNS OF US TERRORISM . . . Army Times 10-22 Staff /Wire Reports ***US ARMY WILL PATROL U.S. STREETS . . .
An Interview with Secretary of Defense Bill Cohen . . .in the Army Times.*** and Louisiana: US Defense Secretary Predicts the Army Will Patrol US Streets "Terrorism is escalating to the point that Americans soon may have to choose between civil liberties and more intrusive means of protection," says Defense Secretary William S. Cohen The nation's defense chief told the Army Times he once considered the chilling specter of armored vehicles surrounding civilian hotels or government buildings to block out terrorists as strictly an overseas phenomenon. But no longer. "It could happen here," Cohen said he conclued after 8 months of studying threats under the Pentagon microscope. Free-lance terrorists with access to deadly chemical and biological bombs are "going to change the way in which the American people view security in our own country," he predicted in a Sept 10 interview. Cohen is calling for the government to step up its efforts to penetrate wildcard terrorist organizations. "It's going to require greater intelligence on our part -- much greater emphasis on intelligence gathering capability - - - more human intelligence, and it's going to take more technical intelligence," he said. But using the U.S. military in a domestic law enforcement role would require revisions to laws in force for more than a century, cautions Shreveport attorney John Odom, Jr. "You can't do it from the Defense Department side unless Congress dramatically revises the Posse Comitatus laws." said Odom, a colonel in the U.S. Air Force Reserve and a reserve Judge Advocate. "The 1878 law specifically prohibits the use of the military in domestic law enforcement unless authorized by Congress or the Constitution and does not wllow for military intervention through action by the Secretary of Defense of even an Executive Order from the President," Odom said. We're trained from the first day of Judge Advocate school to think of Posse Comitatus !!! said Odom. "If Secretary Cohen is suggesting that the Department of Defense be involved, it may be part of a legislative package, but it will not happen unilaterally without a lot of folks thinking long and hard about it." Cohen said terrorism would be a top priority in 5 new areas he plans to focus on now that he has wrapped up his first defense budget, the quadrennial review of the military and a new 4-year defense strategy. Other goals include modernizing the military, improbing troops housing and other benefits, streamlining the defense bureaucracy and shaping new military relationships and contracts across the globe.
- - --------------DCC19197C8214DDB42B1B018--

@_date: 1998-10-29 12:28:11
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Electronic March 
ELECTRONIC MARCH
     A US grass-roots group has kicked off the Billion Byte March, calling
itself the first Internet march on Washington. The aim is to send a million
emails to Congress in January, on the day of the State of the Union
Address. Why? To reform America's social security system. See
  To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-29 12:28:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Crypt Wars, UK-Style 
CRYPT WARS, UK-STYLE
     UK's Privacy International has awarded the Department of Trade and
Industry a Big Brother award for its contribution to invading privacy. The
DTI wants all companies offering encrypted services to be licensed, which
means using a third party holding keys to the user's encryption code.
Encryption licensed outside the UK will not be recognised, and thus would
not be protected by law. And only the recommendation of senior police is
needed to get a key - users aren't allowed to know if their key has been
given to the police. More Big Brother awards at   To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-29 12:29:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: No dirty trick, just a computer program let loose 
Source:  Fox News - AP
No dirty trick, just a computer program let loose
 10.50 a.m. ET (1551 GMT) October 28, 1998
 GREENBURGH, N.Y. (AP) - When their phones rang in the middle of the night
this week, many residents expected the worst.  Death in the family? Fire?  No, just the bureaucratic tone of town supervisor Paul Feiner's taped
voice, advising of a change in local trash pickup times.  Couldn't this have waited until morning?  "I thought it was a member of my family,'' said Barbara Merriwether, 52.
"I thought something was wrong.''  The timing of the 300 calls, of course, wasn't intentional. Someone at the
police department had forgotten to turn off an automated calling program
Monday evening, and the system ran through the night.  The only bad news in the affair may be for Feiner, who is trying to unseat
incumbent Republican Benjamin Gilman in the 20th Congressional District.
Feiner said may throw a party - with his own money - for everyone who was
called after 9 p.m.                   (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-29 12:39:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: New Evidence Exposes Vince Foster Murder 
Source:  Washington Weekly
New Evidence Exposes Vince Foster Murder Victim Not Shot With .38 Caliber Revolver  By WESLEY PHELAN  Vince Foster, Deputy White House Counsel early in Bill Clinton's first
term, was found
 dead in Fort Marcy Park on July 20, 1993. Three investigations into
Foster's death,
 including one by Independent Counsel Kenneth Starr, have ruled the death a
 Patrick Knowlton, referred to as "C2" in Starr's Report, entered Fort
Marcy Park
 approximately 70 minutes before Foster's body was discovered. Evidence
shows that
 Foster was already dead at that time. Knowlton saw two vehicles in the
parking lot,
 neither of which matched the description of Vince Foster's 1989 silver-
gray Honda.  In the spring of 1994, FBI agent Lawrence Monroe interviewed Knowlton for the
 Office of regulatory Independent Counsel Robert Fiske. Knowlton learned in
 of 1995 that his statements to Monroe were falsified in the FBI interview
 Shortly thereafter Knowlton received a secret grand jury subpoena from
 Counsel Kenneth Starr, who was conducting the third investigation into
Foster's death.
 That same day several men began to harass Knowlton in the streets of
 D.C.  John Clarke, attorney for Knowlton, filed suit in U.S. District Court in
 D.C., claiming the harassment was a violation of Knowlton's civil rights
[1]. The suit
 alleges the harassment was part of a larger conspiracy to cover up the facts
 surrounding Vince Foster's death.  On Wednesday of last week Clarke filed an amended complaint in the suit,
 several new defendants [2]. The most striking paragraph in the complaint
states: Facts 26. On July 20th, 1993, between the time of 3:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m.,
Vincent Foster died of a small-caliber gunshot wound to his head, at the
hand of another. The bullet entered his head from the upper portion of
the right side of his neck, under the jaw line, passed upward through the
body of the tongue, pierced his brain and struck the skull approximately
three inches below the top of the head, fracturing it. The bullet remained
in his head. Blood drained from the entrance wound in the neck onto his
right collar and shoulder and was absorbed down onto his right
shirtsleeve. Blood also accumulated in his mouth.  This statement of facts, which runs counter to the results of three
official government
 investigations, is a very bold gambit by Clarke. Under Rule 11 of Federal
 Procedure, for an attorney to make irresponsible assertions of fact before
a court
 opens him to severe sanctions by the judge. In the following interview,
conducted on
 October 21, John Clarke discusses with The Washington Weekly the
compelling new
 evidence supporting his statement of facts. QUESTION: You filed an amended complaint today on behalf of Patrick
Knowlton, correct? CLARKE: Yes, we have named some additional defendants in the case.
We also have more of the facts in the case. QUESTION: Why was there a need to file an amended complaint? CLARKE: Amending the complaint is the usual course of events in
lawsuits. As a party learns more things the lawsuit gets changed. That is
particularly true in a conspiracy case. Conspiracies by their very nature
are secret. Our job is to try to unravel the conspiracy and that means
bringing new facts to light. We have done that, so it became necessary
for us to amend our complaint. QUESTION: Who were the original defendants in the case? CLARKE: The original defendants were the people who harassed
Patrick, including two individuals whom we named. There were two FBI
agents named, one of whom falsified reports, and the other whom we
believe was involved and knew in advance of the intimidation that Patrick
suffered. QUESTION: Who falsified documents? CLARKE: Larry Monroe, one of the FBI agents who was assigned to
Robert Fiske's office. He interviewed Patrick in the Foster death
investigation, and falsified Patrick's statements in his report. Later on the
truth surfaced in the London Sunday Telegraph. Foster died on July 20,
1993. Nine months later Monroe interviewed Patrick twice. Eighteen
months after that the 302's were public. Ambrose Evans-Pritchard was
following the case, but Patrick had never heard of Ambrose. Ambrose
contacted Patrick and showed him the 302's, that Patrick said lied about
what he had told the FBI. So Ambrose wrote an article that appeared in
the October 22 edition of the London Sunday Telegraph. That appeared
on U.S. newsstands on October 24th, a Tuesday. That same day the
Office of Independent Counsel prepared a subpoena for Patrick to testify
before the Whitewater grand jury the following Wednesday. They typed
it up on a Tuesday for testimony a week from the following day. But they
didn't serve it right away. They waited until Thursday, October 27th to
serve it. And that was the beginning of the intimidation Patrick suffered. We believe this intimidation was a civil rights violation, to intimidate a
federal witness in order to dissuade him from testifying fully, fairly, and
truthfully. We filed suit based on that. We also believe this civil rights
violation was part of a conspiracy. Under the law of civil conspiracy all
members of the conspiracy are liable and answerable for anything done in
furtherance of the conspiracy. If the civil rights violation was in
furtherance of a conspiracy, even if the defendants did not know who
Patrick Knowlton was, they are all liable for what happened to Patrick.
That is what we call the theory of the case and it's what we are
proceeding on. What we did today was file an amended complaint to
name additional defendants who were members of the conspiracy. Even
though these people did not know who Patrick Knowlton was, and even
though they did not personally harass him, they were a part of this joint
venture and that's why they are liable. Two things very relevant in the prosecution of Patrick's case are: (1) if
there was a cover-up surrounding the death of Vincent Foster; and (2)
who covered it up. About 10,000 pages of documents have been
released regarding the Foster death. We just recently completed our
review of these documents and got our summary down on paper. It's not
in its final form. But we are now in a position to find out who did what,
and what happened in the Vince Foster case. We have unraveled a lot of
it and that's why we added defendants in our amended complaint. The first defendant we added is U.S. Park Police sergeant now retired,
Robert Edwards. He was the third Park Police officer to respond to the
body site. As he was walking up to the body site the first Park Police
officer was leaving. Edwards ordered him to leave the park and return to
his duties. Edwards proceeded to the body site where Park Police officer
Franz Ferstl was photographing the body. Ferstl was the 'beat officer'; it
was his beat. He took about 7 photographs before Edwards got there.
Edwards then took Ferstl's photographs and sent Ferstl to the parking
lot. Then two other Park Police officers walked up to the body site, Lt.
Patrick Gavin and Christine Hodakievic. They stayed for a few minutes
and left. That left Edwards alone at the body site for about 10- 15 minutes, with
the only photographs that had been taken. Edwards then tampered with
the crime scene by moving the head to the right. This allowed blood that
had accumulated in the mouth to drain down onto the right shoulder. He
then repositioned the head straight up, leaving a contact stain on the right
side of the chin. The contact stain occurred when the chin hit the wet
shoulder. Edwards did that because he wanted to make it appear that the blood --
which was already on the right shoulder, right side of the shirt, and right
side of the neck and collar -- had come from the mouth. He wanted to
provide an excuse for that blood being there. You don't commit suicide
by shooting yourself in the neck, so they wanted to cover up the neck
wound. So the excuse for the blood on the right side, the OIC tells us, is
blood had accumulated in the mouth and an early observer turned the
head to the right, whereupon the blood drained out. Then this early
observer turned the head back up, leaving the contact stain on the chin.
That's right. He wanted to leave a sign of having moved the head,
because that's the excuse for the blood. His excuse for having moved the
head to the right was to open up an airway, although no one tried to
resuscitate Mr. Foster. We know Edwards moved the head because all of the observers before
Edwards said the blood was dry, and the witnesses after Edwards said
the blood was wet. The OIC never said who the early observer was, but
it was pretty obvious that they couldn't find anybody who said they did it
or saw it being done. So to the OIC this is an unknown person; they
didn't know who this person was, although it had to have been Edwards. This is important because officially there was no wound on the side of the
neck. Foster supposedly shot himself in the mouth. But he did not have
an entrance wound in his mouth. The entrance wound was on his neck.
The blood had drained from the neck. In order to conceal the entrance
wound in the neck, you have to conceal where the blood came from. So
Edwards turned the head to right to let the blood drain out, to provide an
explanation for the blood that was already there. This is also what caused
the two lateral drain tracks that came from his nose and mouth going
toward his ear. People say those tracks show he was moved to the park.
That's not really true. We believe that occurred from Edwards' actions
after the body was already at the park. QUESTION: Do you think Edwards was in the know about a need for
cover-up when he moved the head? CLARKE: You would think so, wouldn't you? QUESTION: His job was to do something to help cover this up? Is that
what you think? CLARKE: Yes, that's what I think. I don't think he all of a sudden, sua
sponte, did that on his own, with nobody telling him to. Anyway, the official version is that there was a mouth entrance wound
and an exit wound in the back of the head. But actually, there was no
entrance wound in the mouth, and there was no exit wound at the top of
the back of the head. There was only one visible wound from the outside,
and that was to the neck. QUESTION: How do you know that there was no entrance wound in
the mouth? CLARKE: Let's do the entrance and exit wounds at the same time.
Twenty-five witnesses saw the body before the autopsy. There is a
record of not one of them having seen an entrance wound. QUESTION: Well, they would not have opened the mouth, would they? CLARKE: That's true, although two of those persons were MD's whose
job it was to inspect the body. But there is no record of any of those 25
witnesses having seen either the mouth entrance wound or the exit wound
at the top of the head. The only reference is to officer Ferstl, who
allegedly saw an exit wound. Five Park Police officers all prepared
reports and in none of those reports was there a reference to an entrance
wound, an exit wound, or blood. QUESTION: I thought Dr. Haut stated he saw matted blood at the back
of the head. CLARKE: He did say matted blood at the top of the head. QUESTION: I thought he said the back of the head. CLARKE: Right, the top of the back of the head, where you would
expect this alleged exit wound to be. He did see blood there. But the
best evidence we have is the Park Police officer who gloved up and felt
there. That was Officer John Rolla. He said a big hole would be one he
could put his finger through. He said, "His head was not blown out. I
probed his head and there was no big hole there, there was no big
blowout. There weren't brains running all over the place. There was
blood in there, there was a mushy spot. I initially thought that the bullet
might still be in his head." He uses the word hole, but that's not what he
described as what he felt. He said if you could put your finger in it, that's
a big hole. He says he couldn't put his finger through any hole. QUESTION: But he did mention a hole being present, didn't he? CLARKE: No, although he used the word hole in general terms, he what
he says found at the back of the head was a mushy spot. A mushy spot is
not a hole. There was blood back there. What we think happened is the
bullet, after it entered under the right jaw line, went straight up and
fractured the top of the back of the head. It remained in the head. John
Rolla does not describe an exit wound, and Richard Arthur said there
was no exit wound. QUESTION: Who is Richard Arthur? CLARKE: He was in the group of the 4th to 7th people at the scene.
First on the scene was the U.S. Park Police officer, then one EMT and a
paramedic, then minutes later came Richard Arthur accompanied by 3
others. Richard Arthur was the only paramedic in that group of four. He
was the second paramedic at the body site. Arthur said that there was no exit wound. He was asked if he could
describe the exit wound. He said, "Was there one? I didn't know there
was one." That's the other record we have pertaining to an exit wound.
The only person we have not covered for whom there is a record of
being there is Dr. Haut. Haut said that there was a neck wound. He
wrote in his report "gunshot wound mouth-neck." QUESTION: That's on the second page of his report, isn't it? CLARKE: Yes. QUESTION: The first page of the report has a spot where a word,
presumably 'neck,' is evidently whited out, and another word inserted --
'head' is inserted instead. Is that correct? CLARKE: That report has Dr. Haut's signature on it. It is dated July 20,
1993. It is verified. It has an "I hereby certify and affirm under the laws of
the Commonwealth of Virginia," and it goes on and on. He says in effect
"I swear that I undertook an investigation of the circumstances
surrounding the death and this is what I found." Under "circumstances
surrounding death," it says, "U.S. Park Police found a gunshot victim,
mouth to neck." That's not an error. If you are the medical examiner
you're not going to say there's a neck wound unless there is. Haut's
statement is the only record of an exterior wound that anyone of 25
witnesses saw. Richard Arthur was interviewed five times and the best record we have
of what it was he saw was in his deposition, with no opportunity by the
FBI to spin or edit his account. He is asked the following question in the
deposition, and I'm quoting: "Let me ask you this: if I told you there was
no gunshot wound in the neck, would that change your view as to
whether it was a suicide or not?" And he responded, "No . . . what I saw
is what I saw . . . I saw a small - what appeared to be a small gunshot
wound here near the jawline. Fine, whether the coroner's report says that
or not, fine. I know what I saw." QUESTION: Let me make sure I understand. The only reference to a
head wound, other than a "mushy spot," would be on the first page of
Haut's report. Is that correct? CLARKE: Yes, on the first page. The first page says "Cause of death" in
a small area. In there it says "gunshot wound" on one line. Then "gunshot
wound" with a dash and then right under it some little black marks with
no word there, and then to the right of that it says "head." So it looks like
it originally said "gunshot wound mouth" then under it, centered properly,
was the word "neck." In order to falsify it they whited-out the word
"neck" and moved the paper a bit to the side, and then typed "head." The
reason they moved it over was because otherwise they would have to
type over the whited-out word, which would have been apparent on the
photocopies. If you type over white-out you can tell. QUESTION: What did the autopsy report say about the head wound? CLARKE: We have just covered all the witnesses up till you get to the
autopsy. The body was found on Tuesday around 6:00 p.m. The autopsy
was originally scheduled to occur Thursday at 7:00 a.m. Dr. Beyer
claimed that he rescheduled the autopsy as soon as he heard about the
case, from 7:00 a.m. on Thursday to 10:00 a.m. on Wednesday. He
rescheduled it for just 16 hours after the discovery of the body. He said it
was his idea, he didn't talk to anyone about it, no one suggested it, he just
decided to do it. QUESTION: Where are the records of what he said? CLARKE: That comes from his Senate testimony. Both of the Park
Police investigators on the case, Rolla and Cheryl Braun, had called the
Office of the Medical Examiner for Northern Virginia, Dr. Beyer's office,
Wednesday morning as they were getting off work. Rolla testified that he
waited instead of leaving work at 6:00 a.m. He said he waited until about
6:30 before calling the Medical Examiner's Office. The reason he waited
was he wanted to call to make sure they weren't going to do the autopsy
that day. They told him over the phone, "Don't worry, it won't be done till
the following day." So he went home . . . QUESTION: Why did he not want it done on Wednesday? CLARKE: There is a requirement that law enforcement officers attend an
autopsy. So he was calling to make sure he would be available to be
there, because he had just worked all night. So he went home. Braun's
story is pretty much the same. Then they both got a call about 8:30 or
9:00 saying, "We're going to have the autopsy at 10:00. Do you want to
go?" And they said "No." Four other Park Police officers attended the
autopsy instead. Normally Dr. Beyer would perform the autopsy or Dr.
Fields would. But in this case, an unknown person assisted Dr. Beyer in
the autopsy. QUESTION: Have you found out who that person was? CLARKE: No, he's named as a "John Doe pathologist" in our suit. QUESTION: Isn't that strange? CLARKE: It gets more strange. Four Park Police officers, Robert Rule
and three other personnel, go to the autopsy to witness it. There is Dr.
Beyer with his unknown, unusual assistant, whose identity is never
revealed in 10,000 pages of records. According to his deposition Robert
Rule asked Dr. Beyer who the assistant was, and Beyer refused to tell
him. He would not identify the guy who was helping him with the autopsy
to the police who were there! The autopsy was scheduled for 10:00, but Dr. Beyer began much earlier
than that, before the police arrived. He stripped the body, x-rayed it, and
then of all things to do he took out the tongue and portions of the soft
palate. The reason he did that, we allege, is to hide the fact that the bullet
pierced the tongue from below, and the absence of an entrance wound in
the soft palate. QUESTION: Is he then named as one of the new defendants in the
case? CLARKE: Yes, Dr. James Beyer. QUESTION: How about the mystery person? CLARKE: Yes, we call him "John Doe Pathologist." QUESTION: When you name somebody like that in a suit who is not
previously identified in the records, will that person's identity have to be
disclosed? Will they be required by the court now to come forward with
this person's identity? CLARKE: Not until discovery. We have to do discovery. QUESTION: You will get it through discovery? CLARKE: Oh, yes. QUESTION: You think you will? CLARKE: Sure. QUESTION: What if they say 'National Security'? CLARKE: (Laughs). They won't be saying that. This is the Medical
Examiner for Northern Virginia, who covered up . . . 'national security'?
They might say that but I don't think they will get away with it. We'll find
out a lot. But the astounding stuff is what we already know. Let me
continue on with the autopsy. There is also testimony that Dr. Beyer did not photograph the entrance
wound -- that portion of the soft palate that allegedly had the entrance
wound. Why would he not photograph that? In addition, he reported that
on the soft palate there were very large amounts of what he called
"gunpowder debris." He said it was "grossly present," meaning it could be
seen with the naked eye. He described it as "large quantities of powder
debris." He sent his 5 slides containing 13 sections of the soft palate to
the Virginia Department of Forensic Sciences. They issued a report
saying there was no ball-shaped gunpowder identified on any of those
tissue samples. QUESTION: When did you learn of the existence of this report? CLARKE: Somebody told me about it nearly a year ago. This is a very
interesting thing. The finding of powder debris on the soft palate by Dr.
Beyer is the absolute cornerstone of the entire official conclusion of
suicide in the park. QUESTION: That Vince Foster stuck a gun in his mouth and pulled the
trigger? CLARKE: Right. That is the cornerstone of the official conclusion. Now,
this Virginia Department of Forensic Science report said that no
ball-shaped gunpowder -- and ball-shaped gunpowder is the type of
powder allegedly found by Beyer -- was found. The FBI laboratory
issued a report on May 9 or 10 of 1994, which said no ball-shaped
gunpowder was identified on the tissue samples when the Office of the
Northern Virginia Medical Examiner examined them. And they didn't
really have an explanation. In June, about a month later, they issued
another lab report saying the tissue samples had been prepared in such a
way as not to be conducive to retaining unconsumed gunpowder
particles. In other words, it had been put in something -- formaldehyde
or something - - which made it disappear. That's a lie. That didn't happen. Depending on the type of ball smokeless
powder, the solvents, in order to destroy it, would have to be either ether
or nitroglycerin. People just don't use that to preserve tissue samples. So
Beyer was lying. And remember, that's the cornerstone of the entire
conclusion. When we look at everything we've just talked about, the only word we
have about this entrance and exit wound is from Dr. Beyer. You would
think out of 25 witnesses before the autopsy -- an autopsy which is
screwy from the start -- there would be some record of the entrance or
exit wound other than the neck wound, if it existed. It did not exist until
you get to the autopsy, and Dr. Beyer falsified his autopsy. QUESTION: Ambrose Evans-Pritchard claimed he was shown a
photograph of the neck wound, correct? CLARKE: Correct. Ambrose told me that; I've asked him. QUESTION: Have you been able to track down this photo? CLARKE: No. QUESTION: Where do you think the photo might be? CLARKE: I don't know. QUESTION: Do you know who the last person would have been to
have it? CLARKE: I have a couple of suspects. He was shown the photograph,
so you have to ask yourself who showed it to him. QUESTION: Haut? CLARKE: No, no. I think it was XXXXX [redacted by request]. QUESTION: Who else have you added to your list of defendants? CLARKE: After "John Doe Pathologist," next is Robert F. Bryant. At the
time of Mr. Foster's death, Bryant was Special Agent in Charge of the
FBI's Washington Metropolitan Field Office. He has since been
promoted to Deputy Director, FBI. On Friday, July 23, 1993, three days
after the death, he sent a Teletype to then Acting Director of the FBI,
Floyd Clark. Clark was the Acting Director because Sessions had been
fired a week before. Accuracy in Media got this Teletype, which is
heavily redacted, through a Freedom of Information lawsuit. What it
shows is that Bryant was sending it to confirm telephone conversations
that took place on the 21st, the day after the death. He says something
like, "This is to confirm our conversation wherein the preliminary results
of the autopsy are that there was a .38 caliber gunshot wound with no
exit wound." QUESTION: He said no exit wound? CLARKE: He confirmed the conversation with Floyd Clark in which he
said there was no exit wound. On August 10th, about 17 days after he
sent the Teletype, he appeared at a joint Park Police/FBI press
conference to announce the FBI's finding of suicide in the park. He told
everyone there a very thorough investigation showed it was a suicide in
the park. His having done that constitutes his participation in the
conspiracy. He is telling the American people, the press, that it was
suicide in the park. Seventeen days earlier he confirmed his guilty
knowledge of no exit wound. And this is the Special Agent in charge of
the Washington D. C. Metropolitan Field Office. QUESTION: What did Dr. Beyer's report say about an exit wound? CLARKE: He said it was 1 x 1.5 inch, which is about the size of a
half-dollar. Remember, it wasn't there earlier; John Rolla could have put
his finger through something the size of a half-dollar. But that's what
Beyer said. He said he put a probe through the head, and there is a
record of one of the Park Police officers having seen the probe going in
through the mouth and coming out through the back of the head. QUESTION: Did the Park Police officer sign a statement that he saw
that? CLARKE: No, but I believe that he did see that. But that Park Police
officer didn't get there until after Beyer had done God knows what to the
body. He's reported as having removed the tongue and portions of the
soft palate before the officers got there. I think he inserted the probe
before the officers got there. They walked in and saw the probe, then he
took it out. QUESTION: So you think he may have drilled a hole in the back of the
head to be able to put the probe through? CLARKE: I think the bullet went up through Mr. Foster's tongue into the
top of his head, and fractured his head. So Rolla said "I felt a mushy
spot, I thought the head was fractured, and I thought the bullet was still in
the head." He's right on all three counts is what I think. QUESTION: OK, Bryant is also named because in his memo to . . . CLARKE: There is a record of his active participation in the cover-up. QUESTION: Who else besides Bryant are you naming? CLARKE: There's Scott Jeffrey Bickett. Scott bashed Patrick's car in
with a tire iron the night before his second FBI interview. One of the
appendices at the back of Evans-Pritchard's "The Secret Life of Bill
Clinton" is a computer printout of Scott Jeffrey Bickett, showing that he
was employed by the Department of Defense. [3] He holds what is
called an "active SCI" security clearance. SCI stands for "Sensitive
Compartmented Information." That's a top U.S. government security
clearance. So this malicious attack on Patrick's car, which Bickett later
confessed to . . . QUESTION: He did? To whom did he confess? CLARKE: Coincidentally, to the U.S. Park Police who were handling
the case. They said they couldn't trace the license plate number. Luckily,
there was a limousine driver not too far away who witnessed the whole
thing, who wrote it down. QUESTION: Did he tell them why he bashed the car? CLARKE: No. So, the Park Police showed up and the limo driver gave
the license number to both the Park Police and to Patrick. A week went
by and they said they couldn't find the guy. So a private investigator was
hired on October 18, 1995, and he found Bickett in one day. The Park
Police then interviewed Bickett and he confessed. This incident was
pretty damned coincidental. It was the night before Patrick's second
interview. Patrick had two interviews. The first one was April 15, 1994,
when FBI agent Larry Monroe was leaning on him trying to get him to
admit the car he saw in the Fort Marcy Park parking lot was Vince
Foster's car. Patrick had another interview about 3 weeks later. The
incident where his car was bashed in was the night before the second
interview. He actually had a confrontation with this guy, Scott Bickett. Either they were trying to give Patrick a hint, or they were trying to shake
him up. His car was a 1974 refurbished Peugeot. It was just beautiful. It
was Patrick's only possession. They bashed the shit out of it right in front
of the Vietnam Memorial. Patrick and his girlfriend were showing another
couple the memorial. QUESTION: When did you learn of Bickett? CLARKE: When Evans-Pritchard's book came out. QUESTION: Why did you not name Bickett as a defendant to begin
with? CLARKE: Because we filed suit a year before that book came out. The
next new defendant I call "John Doe FBI Laboratory Technician." I'll tell
you briefly some of the things they hid. Remember, Beyer supposedly
found ball shaped smokeless powder on the body. Well, Remington
manufactured the cartridges found in the official death gun. They were
.38 HVL, which stands for high velocity ammunition. Remington has
never used ball smokeless powder in the manufacture of that ammunition.
QUESTION: So the supposed finding of the ball shaped powder on the
soft palate by Beyer is impossible in any event? CLARKE: I think Foster had ball powder on him, but none of it was in
the mouth. QUESTION: Does the presence of this particular type of powder give
you any indication what the murder weapon actually was? CLARKE: Yes. It's used by Winchester .22's, a small caliber gun. QUESTION: Whoa!! CLARKE: Yes, it's consistent with reloads also. QUESTION: Professional hit men are known to reload their ammunition.
CLARKE: That category is included. QUESTION: Although it seems unlikely to me that anyone would want
to reload .22 cartridges, unless they wanted very special properties. But
a professional might. CLARKE: Right, for up close work. The FBI lab also hid the length of
the powder burns on Mr. Foster's hands. They did not describe the
length of those powder burns. QUESTION: Is the official story that he had one hand over the cylinder
of the gun as he pulled the trigger? CLARKE: Right. And you would get a blast from the front cylinder gap. QUESTION: Well, on a revolver there are gaps between the cylinder
and the frame at both the front and the back of the cylinder, where some
blast might escape. CLARKE: You could get a little bit from the back, but these powder
burns on his hands were definitely from the front cylinder gap, and they
are huge. As the blast escapes from the cylinder gap, it is blocked at the
top and the bottom by the frame of the gun. So it comes out in a
triangular shape on both sides from the front cylinder gap, which is at the
back of the barrel. As the blast flees from the gun, it expands, so the
triangle gets larger the farther it is from the point of the blast. If your hand is over the cylinder when you pull the trigger, you won't get
gunshot residue on the part of your hand that is above the gun, or the part
that is below the gun. The top and bottom of the gun frame will protect
those parts of your hand. Now, if you wrap your hand around the gun at
the front of the cylinder, according to our measurements, you will have
two 2-inch burns on your hand, one on each side of the cylinder. QUESTION: Exactly right. CLARKE: Let's suppose you got somebody else to pull the trigger. You
take both hands and wrap them around the gun, but not touching the gun.
With your hands out like that, instead of 2 inches long the burns are going
to be 6 to 7 inches long. The gunshot residue deposit is shortened by
closeness of your hand to the gun and lengthened by its distance. Now,
we calculate that Mr. Foster had a 3-inch burn on the left-hand side, so
he was not touching the gun there. QUESTION: OK. CLARKE: On the right hand side he had over a 5-inch burn. QUESTION: So his hands were not touching the gun? CLARKE: On neither side. He was not holding that gun. QUESTION: What's he doing with his hands around but not touching a
gun that goes off? CLARKE: Think about it. He's in a defensive posture. The gun went off
when his hand was two inches from it on the right hand side and on the
left side maybe a half an inch. He was grabbing for the gun when it went
off! QUESTION: How do you know how long the burns were on each
hand? CLARKE: We can approximate the size of his hand. He was 6 feet 4,
and he could palm a basketball palm down in each hand. Anybody who
can do that has a 6-inch index finger. QUESTION: How do you know the length of the burns? CLARKE: We have sources in the record that tell us the burn began at
the last phalange, which is about an inch long. It extended down into the
web area of his hand. From the beginning of the last phalange to the web
area would have been 5 inches. If the burn extended into the web area,
that means it was more than 5 inches. One of the reports -- Simonello's

@_date: 1998-10-29 12:38:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Congress to Get Echelon Briefing 
Source:  Wired
Spying on the Spies
 by Niall McKay  12:55 p.m.27.Oct.98.PST
 A Washington DC civil liberties organization will
 send a detailed report on the National Security
 Agency's top-secret spying network to members
 of Congress later this week.  The report, Echelon: America's Spy in the Sky,
 details the known history and workings of the
 agency's global electronic surveillance system.
 The system is reportedly able to intercept,
 record, and translate any electronic
 communication -- such as telephone, data,
 cellular, fax, email, telex -- sent throughout the
 world.  "There is a real and present threat to the
 security of the US from its enemies," said
 Patrick Poole, author of the report and deputy
 director of the Free Congress Foundation. "But
 there needs to be some democratic and
 constitutional oversight of how and against who
 the [Echelon] system is being used."  The Free Congress Foundation is hoping that
 Congress will scrutinize Echelon as carefully as
 the European Parliament has. The parliament
 commissioned several reports on Echelon earlier
 this year and the issue has been hotly debated
 ever since.  The NSA neither confirms nor denies Echelon's
 existence, but investigative journalists and civil
 liberties activists have turned up a number of
 details in recent years.  Glyn Ford, a British member of the European
 Parliament, said he sees the necessity of
 Echelon but, like Poole, he worries about the
 NSA's apparent lack of accountability.  "If we are going to leave the electronic key under
 the doormat, then we want an assurance that
 the people who pick up that key are not going to
 steal the family silver," said Ford. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-29 12:33:10
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: DNA bank launched as science spending rises 
Source:  London Telegraph
DNA bank launched as science spending rises
 By Roger Highfield, Science Editor  A NATIONAL collection of 100,000 human DNA samples is to be
 assembled so drugs can be customised and people at risk from allergies,
 drug side-effects and serious illnesses can be identified.
 The 12 million plan to study the genetic landscape of the British
 which includes funding to address ethical concerns, is part of a major
shift in
 the emphasis of science spending announced by the Government yesterday.
 Funding for particle physics and astronomy remains almost level while there
 is a major boost for biotechnology and molecular biology, despite the rise in
 public concern about issues such as genetically-modified food.
 Announcing the science budget allocation, Peter Mandelson, Secretary of
 State for Trade and Industry, said the overall 15 per cent increase by
 2001/02 was "solid evidence" of Government efforts to reverse the recent
 decline in spending on science, which it sees as underpinning the economy.
 The rise was announced as part of the Comprehensive Spending Review. Mr
 Mandelson said the science budget "received the largest percentage increase
 compared with all departmental budgets".
 Yesterday's allocations saw Mr Mandelson increase funding of the Medical
 Research Council (MRC) and Biotechnology and Biological Sciences
 Research Council.
 The news comes only days after America's National Human Genome
 Research Institute announced that the three-billion "letter" human genetic
 code - the genome - will be deciphered by 2003, two years earlier than
 thought. Now Britain is preparing to rise to this "post-genome challenge" by
 studying how this code varies across the British population.
 The DNA database project will be backed by the MRC, which will see its
 support rise from 290 million in 1998/09 to 334 million in 2001/02, and is
 being developed by Prof David Porteous of the MRC Human Genetics Unit
 in Edinburgh, and Prof Nick Day of the MRC Biostatistics Unit in
 Cambridge.
 The first step will be to collate information on 60,000 blood samples that
 have already been collected, for instance in studies of inherited
diseases, then
 extend the collection to people who have taken part in long-term health
 studies, some dating back more than half a century.
 Prof George Radda, MRC's chief executive, said: "In the first wave, we are
 talking of the order of 100,000 samples, then it will be extended." He
 emphasised that there were "major ethical concerns".
 By comparing the genetic blueprints of people who suffer disease, genes
 increasing the risk of illness can be identified, said Prof Porteous. He
 "This is the surest way of digging out the really significant genetic
 They will be the basis of efforts to design new drugs and preventive
 measures."
 One ethical issue will be whether drug companies will be allowed to use the
 data to design drugs for a particular genetic group. The information will
 help doctors advise those at risk of heart disease or cancer, or to identify
 those at risk of drug side-effects.
(c) Copyright of Telegraph Group Limited 1998.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-29 12:25:20
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Wanted: Y2K Workers 
Source:  Government Executive Magazine
DAILY BRIEFING
Y2K poses personnel challenges for agencies
By Brian Friel
As the deadline for fixing Y2K problems in federal computer
systems draws closer, agencies are struggling to recruit and
retain information technology personnel to deal with the
millennium bug.
In a new study, "Year 2000 Computing Crisis: Status of Efforts
to Deal with Personnel Issues" (GGD-99-14), the General
Accounting Office reports that the high demand for
programmers in both the public and private sectors is making
the difficult job of repairing all federal computers even harder.
"As awareness of the criticality of the year 2000 problem
grows throughout government and industry, there is a chance
that competition for limited skilled personnel will increase. If
this more vigorous competition occurs, the government may
find it increasingly difficult to obtain and retain the skilled
personnel needed to correct its mission critical systems in time,"
GAO said.
In some agencies, the personnel problem has already surfaced.
The Farm Service Agency lost 28, or seven percent, of its 403
technology staff in the first six months of fiscal 1998. Lucrative
finders' fees and big salaries in the private sector have taken
their toll on the government's ability to hire programmers. The
Veterans Affairs Department, Justice Department and
Environmental Protection Agency reported having problems
hiring programmers.
Federal agencies aren't the only organizations having hiring and
retention difficulties. Contractors are having an equally tough
time competing for valuable workers.
For example, at the Patent and Trademark Office, Y2K fixes
were delayed three months on one of the office's systems after
a contractor was unable to hire qualified staff for the project.
PTO had to terminate its task order with the company and find
a new contractor.
A State Department contractor lost key technology personnel,
resulting in a three month delay on Y2K work for the
department's Management, Policy and Planning Information
GAO noted that agencies reported delays in Y2K work for
only six mission critical systems, adding that "it is not possible
to determine the full extent or severity of personnel shortages
from these concerns because they are often anecdotal."
The federal government has taken several steps to attract Y2K
workers. The Office of Personnel Management announced that
agencies could waive the reduction of pensions for
re-employed retired military officers and waivers of the
reduction of pay for rehired civilian annuitants who need to be
brought back on to fix agency computers.
In addition, agencies can offer lump-sum payments of up to 25
percent of basic pay to a new employee or to an employee
who must relocate. Agencies can also use retention bonuses of
up to 25 percent of basic pay. Performance awards of up to
$10,000 are also available.
The President's Council on Year 2000 Conversion and the
Chief Information Officers Council are looking at ways to help
agencies hire and retain information technology staff, but GAO
said no organization is working with agencies individually to
help them find Y2K staff.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-29 12:28:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ECHELON: America's Spy in the Sky 
The Free Congress Foundation is pleased to announce that the fourth
installment in our "Privacy Papers" series is now available online.
Entitle "ECHELON: America's Spy in the Sky," you can read about how the
National Security Agency has established a global surveillance system
that monitors every phone, fax and email message sent around the world.
Read the report's Executive Summary below, and then read the report in
its entirety at:
Executive Summary
In the greatest surveillance effort ever established, the US National
Security Agency (NSA) has created a global spy system, codename ECHELON,
which captures and analyzes virtually every phone call, fax, email and
telex message sent anywhere in the world. ECHELON is controlled by the
NSA and is operated in conjunction with the General Communications Head
Quarters (GCHQ) of England, the Communications Security Establishment
(CSE) of Canada, the Australian Defense Security Directorate (DSD), and
the General Communications Security Bureau (GCSB) of New Zealand. These
organizations are bound together under a secret 1948 agreement, UKUSA,
whose terms and text remain under wraps even today.
The ECHELON system is fairly simple in design: position intercept
stations all over the world to capture all satellite, microwave,
cellular and fiber-optic communications traffic, and then process this
information through the massive computer capabilities of the NSA,
including advanced voice recognition and optical character recognition
(OCR) programs, and look for code words or phrases (known as the ECHELON
"Dictionary") that will prompt the computers to flag the message for
recording and transcribing for future analysis. Intelligence analysts at
each of the respective "listening stations" maintain separate keyword
lists for them to analyze any conversation or document flagged by the
system, which is then forwarded to the respective intelligence agency
headquarters that requested the intercept.
But apart from directing their ears towards terrorists and rogue states,
ECHELON is also being used for purposes well outside its original
mission. The regular discovery of domestic surveillance targeted at
American civilians for reasons of "unpopular" political affiliation or
for no probable cause at all in violation of the First, Fourth and Fifth
Amendments of the Constitution - are  consistently impeded by very
elaborate and complex legal arguments and privilege claims by the
intelligence agencies and the US government. The guardians and
caretakers of our liberties, our duly elected political representatives,
give scarce attention to these activities, let alone the abuses that
occur under their watch. Among the activities that the ECHELON targets
Political spying: Since the close of World War II, the US intelligence
agencies have developed a consistent record of trampling the rights and
liberties of the American people. Even after the investigations into the
domestic and political surveillance activities of the agencies that
followed in the wake of the Watergate fiasco, the NSA continues to
target the political activity of "unpopular" political groups and our
duly elected representatives. One whistleblower charged in a 1988
Cleveland Plain Dealer interview that, while she was stationed at the
Menwith Hill facility in the 1980s, she heard real-time intercepts of
South Carolina Senator Strom Thurmond. A former Maryland Congressman,
Michael Barnes, claimed in a 1995 Baltimore Sun article that under the
Reagan Administration his phone calls were regularly intercepted, which
he discovered only after reporters had been passed transcripts of his
conversations by the White House. One of the most shocking revelations
came to light after several GCHQ officials became concerned about the
targeting of peaceful political groups and told the London Observer in
1992 that the ECHELON dictionaries targeted Amnesty International,
Greenpeace, and even Christian ministries.
Commercial espionage: Since the demise of Communism in Eastern Europe,
the intelligence agencies have searched for a new justification for
their surveillance capability in order to protect their prominence and
their bloated budgets. Their solution was to redefine the notion of
national security to include economic, commercial and corporate
concerns. An office was created within the Department of Commerce, the
Office of Intelligence Liaison, to forward intercepted materials to
major US corporations. In many cases, the beneficiaries of this
commercial espionage effort are the very companies that helped the NSA
develop the systems that power the ECHELON network. This incestuous
relationship is so strong that sometimes this intelligence information
is used to push other American manufacturers out of deals in favor of
these mammoth US defense and intelligence contractors, who frequently
are the source of major cash contributions to both political parties.
While signals intelligence technology was helpful in containing and
eventually defeating the Soviet Empire during the Cold War, what was
once designed to target a select list of communist countries and
terrorist states is now indiscriminately directed against virtually
every citizen in the world. The European Parliament is now asking
whether the ECHELON communications interceptions violate the sovereignty
and privacy of citizens in other countries. In some cases, such as the
NSA's Menwith Hill station in England, surveillance is conducted against
citizens on their own soil and with the full knowledge and cooperation
of their government.
This report suggests that Congress pick up its long-neglected role as
watchdog of the Constitutional rights and liberties of the American
people, instead of its current role as lap dog to the US intelligence
agencies. Congressional hearings ought to be held, similar to the Church
and Rockefeller Committee hearings in the mid-1970s, to find out to what
extent the ECHELON system targets the personal, political, religious,
and commercial communications of American citizens. The late Senator
Frank Church warned that the technology and capability embodied in the
ECHELON system represented a direct threat to the liberties of the
American people. Left unchecked, ECHELON could be used by either the
political elite or the intelligence agencies themselves as a tool to
subvert the civil protections of Constitution and to destroy
representative government in the United States.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-30 17:48:00
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: FCC Proposes Location Tracking for Wireless Phones 
The Center for Democracy and Technology  /____/     Volume 4, Number 27

@_date: 1998-10-30 17:36:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: One Million Sign Petition to Kill IRS Code 
Source:  US Newswire
NFIB: One Million Sign Petition to Kill IRS Code       U.S. Newswire
28 Oct 12:00
 NFIB: Petition to Kill IRS Code Hits Million Signature Mark
 To: National Desk
 Contact: Jim Weidman of the National Federation of Independent
          Business, 202-554-9000
   SAN DIEGO, Calif., Oct. 28 /U.S. Newswire/ -- The National
Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) today reached a milestone
in its drive to abolish the federal tax code and replace it
with a simpler and fairer system.
   At a downtown rally here today, NFIB President Jack Faris
announced that the national petition drive calling on Congress to
sunset the current IRS code had collected its one-millionth
signature.  Onlookers cheered as Faris placed the landmark signature
atop an 18-wheeler stacked with scores of boxes bearing signed
petitions collected during the group's year-long campaign.  Labeling
the petition drive "the most ambitious tax reform initiative since
the Boston Tea Party," Faris expressed thanks to the more than 30,000
small-business owners who served as "volunteer captains, collecting
signatures on Main Streets throughout the country in this
unprecedented grassroots effort to restore reason to our tax system."
   The nation's leading small-business advocacy group, NFIB
has 600,000 members nationwide.  "We now have 1 million reasons
for Congress and the president to do what's right for small
business, and what's right for America," Faris said to a crowd
of hundreds who gathered in front of an IRS office building
for the tax reform event.  "These first 1 million petitions
will serve as the symbol as well as the fuel that keeps this
effort to abolish the code going strong.  We won't give up!"
Faris also added that "NFIB will continue to gather petitions
and grassroots support, because Washington sees the light when
they feel the heat from Main Street."
   Faris outlined his group's plan for action in the 106th Congress:
"NFIB will continue to stand up for small business on this issue and
others.  We will be a catalyst, urging Congress to sunset the IRS
code as the first step toward responsible tax reform, so that the new
century may begin under transition to a new tax system." Noting that
the nation's economy is strong, and economic optimism is high, Faris
said, "This is the right time for Congress and the president to
answer the call from grassroots America and replace our broken tax
code.  To ignore that call -- at a time when we are able to answer
it -- would be irresponsible.  One million signatures can't
be ignored."
   The San Diego rally was the latest event in NFIB's ongoing
"Campaign for Responsible Tax Reform," which was kicked off
one year ago in Independence, Mo.  Today's event was simulcast
live on the Roger Hedgecock Show on KSDO-AM (1130) and KOGO-AM
   -----
   For a copy of NFIB's Seven Steps to Responsible Tax Reform,
or any other materials related to the campaign, visit
NFIB's special Web site at  -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 10/28 12:00
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-31 09:46:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Cyber force behind protest 
Cyber force                    By Anne Williamson                    What is dismaying to Democrats is a cliche to
                   Republicans; no one has done as much for the
                   Republican Party over the past six years as
                   has Bill Clinton. But Bill Clinton has
                   succeeded in making another significant
                   contribution to American political life.
                   Citizenship is back with a vengeance. If you
                   don't believe me, then just check out the
                   hottest site on the Internet, freerepublic.com.                    Begun by a handful of concerned citizens who
                   discovered their comments regarding Clinton
                   administration corruption were being
                   censored in an AOL political chat room, the
                   website itself is the achievement of one man,
                   Jim Robinson of Fresno, California. A retired
                   software executive suffering from muscular
                   sclerosis, Robinson marshaled his outrage
                   and his resources to establish the website.
                   With nearly 10,000 posters and over 120,000
                   daily hits, Free Republic has become a
                   phenomenon, a community and -- most
                   recently -- a nascent political force of
                   mindboggling potential.                    Dedicated to free speech, constitutional
                   government and the exposure of government
                   corruption, Free Republic works on an
                   interactive basis. The pretext for opening
                   debate is for participants to search the Internet
                   for pertinent news articles and post them
                   under Free Republic's many topics to
                   discussion boards of which "Whitewater" --
                   the catchall Clinton scandal header -- sizzles
                   the loudest. And then -- like a decorative tank
                   of pirhanas tossed a treat by a friendly
                   barkeep -- posters move in to dissect and
                   critique the article.                    What emerges by the end of the fast-moving
                   discussion "thread" no longer bears the
                   prejudicial marks of journalists belonging to
                   what FR characterizes as "the lamestream
                   media." Freepers, as Lucianne Goldberg has
                   dubbed them, employ links to other Internet
                   sites for unusual citations, contrary opinions
                   and facts supportive of their various
                   arguments. Original material found wanting
                   is received no differently. Dubious sourcing
                   and fuzzy thinking take a drubbing. In fact,
                   FR's forum is rigorous enough to have helped
                   develop several contributors' writing careers:
                   Lawyer J. Peter Mulhern went from a lengthy
                   call-in encounter with Rush Limbaugh to a
                   column for The Washington Weekly after a
                   stint as an FR regular; and David Burge, the
                   IowaHawk, whose whimsical and hilarious
                   "verbal cartoons" lampooning the political left
                   make him a FR favorite, lasted just long
                   enough to get plucked by the Conservative
                   News Network. Since the posts and
                   accompanying threads are indexed and
                   archived daily, FR's history along with that of
                   the nation is readily available.                    Otherwise, tinker, tailor, soldier are all to be
                   found on the Forum -- a cornucopia of
                   experience and knowledge -- who are joined
                   by White House monitors, disenchanted
                   Democrats, San Francisco "soccer moms with
                   brains," discouraged feminists and the
                   occasional liberal iconoclast. New players
                   stumble onto the site usually via a link from
                   Drudge, WorldNetDaily, Town Hall or other
                   news site while still others are tipped to the
                   political cyber-salon by a friend or relative.
                   When "lurkers," who often prowl the website
                   for months, finally emerge in discussion
                   threads, their first comments almost always
                   reflect the same relief, gratitude and simple
                   awe at the human resources assembled
                   common to most posters: "I love Free
                   Republic!"; "I can't believe what I'm seeing, I
                   thought I was the only person in the country
                   concerned about this administration!"; and
                   "Free Republic forever!"; are typical of first
                   posts.                    The site's development has been fueled by the
                   Clintons' political thuggery. En masse, freepers
                   form one giant collective detective bent on
                   cracking a devilishly complicated case.
                   Relevant facts are assembled, questions asked
                   and informed speculation engaged in daily,
                   hour by hour. With an alert and articulate
                   investigative team numbering in the
                   thousands, the exercise makes for riveting
                   entertainment. Colorful villains enliven the
                   storyline; there's "Slick," of course, a/k/a
                   "Bent" and "Clintoon," there's "Hitlery" a/k/a
                   "Shrillery" and "Hildebeast," and there's
                   "Whorealdo," "CarVILE," "Sid Bluminsky,"
                   "George Steppinalloverus" and other
                   luminaries from the "Kneepad Democrats"
                   branch of the DNC.                    But FR is not just conservative angst and sly
                   mockery. The site was instrumental in the
                   quick exposure of CNN's fraudulent report
                   regarding the alleged use of nerve gas against
                   U.S. deserters during the Vietnam War, in the
                   overturning of Clinton's attempt to negate U.S.
                   federalism with Executive Order 13083
                   (signed when he was in Birmingham,
                   England) and in achieving a moratorium on
                   funding for a national identification card and
                   for re-examining the desirability of a national
                   data bank of all citizens' private medical
                   records. Emboldened by success, it was
                   shortly after the CNN fraud was revealed that
                   Free Republic evolved yet again; organized
                   political protest was undertaken by members
                   of the regional chapters which formed rapidly
                   over the summer.                    Ever since Labor Day, Bill Clinton has had
                   nearly every public appearance in the course
                   of his nonstop fundraising dogged by
                   determined freepers waving protest signs and
                   shouting stinging chants ("He's late, he's late,
                   he musta had a date!"). Consequently, Barbara
                   Boxer, Carolyn "Mostly-Fraud" and other
                   endangered Democrats have had to resort to
                   playing hide and seek with freepers.                    Some freepers suspect their growing
                   effectiveness tipped the Los Angeles Times
                   and the Washington Post to file suit several
                   weeks ago against Jim Robinson and Free
                   Republic for violation of their property's
                   copyright based on freepers posting entire
                   articles from their respective publications.
                   FR's position is that the postings and
                   discussion threads compare to neighbors
                   mulling over the daily newspapers around a
                   kitchen table and are therefore allowed under
                   the fair use doctrine, which permits the
                   nonprofit use of copyrighted material for
                   purposes of public discussion.                    The courts must sort it out but if I were
                   writing the script, I'd pursue Free Republic's
                   defense on the "creation of something new"
                   aspect of the fair use doctrine. The website is
                   unlike any other venue in American life; the
                   newspaper articles alone are just so much
                   fishwrapping for tomorrow's garbage, but the
                   archived material is the unique product of an
                   informed community of engaged citizenry;
                   the very purpose the founders intended free
                   speech to serve.                    This week Free Republic is undergoing
                   another evolutionary leap, an unintended
                   consequence of intoxicated Teamsters having
                   roughed up demonstrators earlier this month
                   in Philadelphia. After viewing television
                   footage of the incident, Jim Robinson
                   determined he'd had enough. He would, he
                   posted to the forum, travel to Washington
                   while the weather was still warm enough for a
                   lone man in a wheelchair to spend the day
                   outside the White House holding aloft a
                   protest sign.                    Within hours, several hundred people
                   determined that Jim Robinson wouldn't be
                   making that journey alone. Now the
                   protesters number in the thousands and Free
                   Republic's "March for Justice" has been
                   moved on account of its growing size from
                   Lafayette Park to the Ellipse and from there to
                   the Washington Monument.                    On Saturday, literally thousands of average
                   Americans -- people who look like your
                   neighbors because they are your neighbors --
                   from across the country, many of whom never
                   gave a thought to political protest before in
                   their lives, will have descended on America's
                   national home in order to participate in a six
                   hour grassroots protest funded out-of-pocket.
                   They will be standing with one man in
                   support of just one idea; the idea of one
                   nation, under God, with liberty and justice for
                   all. Eagles up, America!                    Anne Williamson, a WorldNetDaily contributor,
                   has written for the Wall Street Journal, The New
                   York Times, Spy magazine, Film Comment and
                   Premiere. An expert on Soviet-Russian affairs, she
                   is currently working on a book, "Contagion: How
                   America Betrayed Russia," a chapter of which can
                   be read online.

@_date: 1998-10-31 09:44:46
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Internet Allows Lies to Spread Far and Wide 
Internet Allows Lies to Spread Far and Wide
Oct. 30 (Detroit Free Press/KRTBN)--When the telephone was introduced
to the American home, party lines and gossip ruled the day, as two,
three or half a dozen households shared one phone line.
Imagine, though, linking thousands of gossips on a party line. That's
how rumors called urban legends travel the Internet.
In April, the Taubman Co., the Bloomfield Hills shopping center
developer, was on the receiving end of an Internet whopper about a
mysterious stalker at the Mall at Tuttle Crossing in Columbus, Ohio.
The bad-guy-in-the-parking-lot story spread through Columbus, reaching
about 200,000 people.
Within months, the same story, which originated at least a decade
earlier -- no one knows where -- had been applied to malls as far as
San Francisco and Seattle.
Counteracting the fear sparked by such rumors takes a new approach,
and a new breed of consultants such as New York's Middleberg
Interactive On-Line Communications. Taubman turned to Middleberg with a
$10,000 retainer to stem the damage.
Amy Jackson, a consultant with Middleberg, began working on Taubman's
predicament in mid-April and kept on until mid-June.
"When Taubman came to us, the process had begun," Jackson said. "While
they had a superior PR staff, they had no experience in addressing an
Internet hoax."
The Taubman legend had the marks of a classic. "No one can identify
where it's sourced from; it's national," Jackson said. "It's a very
serious problem. There's absolutely no truth to it, but the Internet
spreads information instantly and globally."
Middleberg defines urban legends as false stories with multiple
variations. A story which varies in the telling is also the first red
flag to investigators that it probably isn't true.
Johnny Scales, general manager of the Mall at Tuttle Crossing, said he
read three versions of the story before crafting a response for the
Internet. "In one version it was a security guard, in another it was a
well-dressed man in a dark blue suit, and in the third it was a guy in
a T-shirt," Scales said.
Scales investigated the rumor and consulted with police before going
to the news media to refute it.
This particular urban legend was spread mainly by a network of
business and professional women, its membership ranging from
secretaries to executives. Many received the rumor, then hit a button
and E-mailed the story to friends, relatives and colleagues, without
questioning its origin or validity.
"There was a woman in Columbus who had hundreds of names on her list,"
said Chris Tennyson, Taubman's senior vice president of corporate
Defusing the rumors is far more difficult than spreading them, and
laws about passing on urban legends over the Internet are vague.
Larry Dubin, constitutional law professor at the University of Detroit
Mercy School of Law, said liability for making defamatory statements
could extend to the Internet, but it's difficult to prove a rumor's
source. "If someone merely repeats what they've heard as a means of
providing needed information to someone else," they aren't liable,
Dubin said.
"The question is: Does communicating through the Internet, because you
are disseminating information through large numbers of people, create a
duty on the part of the communicator to check sources, like a
journalist would?" Dubin said.
For now, the answer is no. The law figures public people and
institutions have access to the media to defend themselves, says Dawn
Phillips-Hertz, general counsel of the Michigan Press Association.
So businesses dogged by Internet rumors must use means other than the
courts to dispel them.
Taubman discovered what other companies, such as Neiman Marcus, have
discovered -- that the Internet has an almost magical effect on the
psychology of otherwise sensible people.
Neiman Marcus was the subject of a false rumor, about a dozen years
old, but new to the Internet. It said a woman went into Neiman Marcus
and ordered a Mrs. Field's cookie. She asked for the recipe, was given
it and later got a bill for $250. The story was sent all over the
Internet with a cookie recipe.
Neiman Marcus spokeswoman Molly Garr said when Neiman's gets E-mail on
the cookie incident, it sends customers an explanatory letter, and
includes the recipe.
Jerry Herron, director of the American Studies program at Wayne State
University, said stories like the shopping center stalker tale give
people a reason to avoid malls -- especially if they feel uncomfortable
"The very qualities that first made malls desirable -- open spaces,
consistent temperatures and lighting -- now make them spooky," Herron
"You feel creeped out at the mall, and you think, 'What's wrong with
me?' You listen to the story and you think, 'There's nothing wrong with
me at all. It's the mall, not me,' " Herron said.
By Molly Brauer
 Visit the four World Wide Web sites of the Detroit Free Press. Visit
Auto Authority at  the Freep at
 Jobspage at  and
Yaks Corner for kids at (c) 1998, Detroit Free Press. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News.  TCO, NMG,  END!A19?DE-INTERNET
News provided by COMTEX.
[!ENVIRONMENT] [!WALL+STREET] [BUSINESS] [CORPORATE] [E-MAIL] [INTERNET]
[KRT] [MEDIA] [MICHIGAN] [NEW+YORK] [NEWS] [NEWSGRID] [OHIO] [POLICE]
[TRAVEL] [USA] [WOMEN]
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-31 09:43:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Thousands to Demand Removal of Clinton at 'March for Justice' -Oct 31 
Source:  US Newswire
Thousands to Attend 'March for Justice' Rally Oct. 31  U.S. Newswire
29 Oct 19:56
 Thousands to Demand Removal of Clinton from Office at Oct. 31 'March for
Justice' Rally
 To: Assignment Desk, Daybook Editor
 Contact: Connie Hair or Carla Michele,
          202-965-2700 (Oct. 29-Nov. 1),
          or 202-256-5042 (on-site cellular)
   News Advisory:
   People from across the United States will travel to Washington,
D. C., to exercise their Constitutional right of assembly to
petition their elected representatives to remove President Clinton
from office massive rally being held this Saturday, Oct.
31 on the Washington Mall.
   The event, which is being organized by Web site
 will bring together citizens -- both Democrats
and Republicans -- from all walks of life who are concerned about the
corruption of the Office of the Presidency by Bill Clinton.
   Speakers for the event include both people who have been thrust
into the limelight by the White House scandals as well as a number of
prominent national leaders. Heading the line-up will be Ambassador
Alan Keyes and Rep. Bob Barr (R-Ga.).
   What: "March for Justice" rally on Washington Monument
   When: Saturday, Oct. 31, noon-6 p.m.
   Where: The Washington Monument
   Who:
   -- Ambassador Alan Keyes
   -- Rep. Bob Barr
   -- Jim Robinson, founder,    -- Larry Klayman
   -- Gary Aldrich
   -- Lucianne Goldberg
   -- Former Rep. Ben Jones
   -- Dr. Paul Fick
   -- Rev. Jesse Peterson
   -- LD Brown
   -- Thousands of concerned Americans from all walks of life.
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 10/29 19:56
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-10-31 11:29:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: network computers, web TV, java 
recently it was announced that Web TV, owned by mostly by MS,
 will not come out with a java version of their computer.
even after talking about this as early as '97..
this is really BOGUS in my opinion. recently I posted
how similar a Web TV is to a network computer. if you had
java in it, I would say that IS a network computer. MS is trying to destroy the network computer market by
this decision. the president of web TV denies MS has had
anything to do with it. B*******!!! @
they say that it would "cost too much" to add java to
their machine, and that they are "stretched thin". c'mon
you idiots, you're a multimillion dollar company, and why
don't you JUST COME OUT WITH ANOTHER JAVA MODEL that costs
a bit more?!?!? what do you think we are, STUPID?!?!
oh yeah, and how long would it take now that there are
debugged Java Chips available???
I know what you're doing....
well you WON'T GET AWAY WITH IT-- mark my words, you
@ gatesasskissers!!!!!
gates REALLY IS AN EVIL, PETTY MAN
it's just that he's managed to hide it from the world
there's an old saying.. "I'm not trying to get EVERYTHING..
only YOUR HALF" .. but gates, your days are numbered!!! see the article at

@_date: 1998-10-31 19:26:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: network computers, web TV, java 
hi BLANK
a company has a *reponsibility* to its customers. perhaps
you would care to deny that?? gates has a *responsibility*
to his customers. what is that responsibility? to create
products they want. to anticipate their needs. you, working at MS, and spouting the official company line
(and not identifying your affiliation, like
all corporate slaveminded robots) would have a hard time
grasping that. nice of you not to use your MS address a web tv with java has had *extreme* interest from around
the country!! but MS is not merely not doing web tv with
java. they are sending out smoke signals that they will
do it one minute, but then SIT ON IT. thus cleverly preventing
any other companies from even thinking about it. as I understand it,
as early as 97 it was announced it would happen. this is a way
of STALLING, and pissing on a market. so BW, what happens if another company does create itself
to solve this little problem? and in 2 years we actually
have a java type web tv??? well, would you apologize then??
what about the 2 years we didn't have one because of MS's
outright inexcusable *arrogance*?? do you think that this means
that people didn't want it until 2 years from now?  if so, you'd
be an idiot. yes, another company will
come along and cannibalize and disembowel MS if they keep this crap up.
and they will show NO MERCY to MS just as MS has shown NO MERCY
to anyone else.
it all smells like IBM not wanting to sell PCs because it
would cannibalize their mainframes. yes, Win95 is a decent operating system-- by 95 standards.
by year 2000 standards, I think it is starting to lose
touch with what customers really want-- something that you
don't have to be a geek to run. the public is rapidly beginning
to understand that it isn't that they are stupid, it's just
that the OS is stupid....
how many people have ever had to reinstall windows 95 and
a lot of other software to fix  a simple trivial glitch???
a decent OS would know when it has been corrupted. in
fact with a really good one,  corruption is IMPOSSIBLE.
by well behaved apps or nonwell behaved, take your pick.
MS is getting too arrogant. you can call me whatever names
you want, but I know that they have hit the point of no
return. just recently. in fact, that's why I thought I
would announce it to ya'all

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:28:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Farah: The cops are out of control 
The cops are out of control                     Until very recently, as a law-abiding person, the
                    presence of police generally gave me a feeling of
                    security, well-being, order.                     Not any more. I confess that, lately, when I see a
                    cop in my rear-view mirror, I get a very uneasy
                    feeling.                     Maybe it's the horror stories we're hearing.
                    Maybe it's the way local and state police have
                    become little more than appendages of the
                    federal law-enforcement apparatus. Maybe it's
                    the fact that so many cops have taken sides
                    against the Constitution and the rights of the
                    people in the name of more efficient
                    crime-prevention.                     But the recent incidents in Oklahoma, where
                    police shot an unarmed mother holding her child
                    in her home, in Virginia, where a SWAT team
                    killed a watchman guarding a dice game at an
                    after-hours club and in California, where a
                    Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms raid on
                    a gun shop resulted in the death of the
                    shopkeeper, provide some hard evidence that
                    police in America may be getting out of control                     I think also about columnist Geoff Metcalf's
                    anecdote about the law-abiding man arrested
                    and jailed for having in his possession a tire
                    which was classified as a deadly weapon. Had
                    he brandished it? No. Had he threatened
                    anyone? No. Had the California Highway Patrol
                    officer awakened on the wrong side of her bed
                    that morning? Maybe.                     But when you start putting all these incidents
                    together, with the backdrop of the massacre in
                    Waco, Texas, and the unnecessary shootout at
                    Ruby Ridge, it's no wonder Americans like me
                    are beginning to worry about the possibilities of
                    an emerging police state.                     "Oh, it couldn't happen here," some retort.
                    "America is different. The cops are our friends."                     That may have been true through most of our
                    history. But there's one big difference today. The
                    government no longer trusts the people. There is
                    a move to disarm the populace and to entrust our
                    safety solely to professional law enforcement.
                    This is a pattern we've seen in other
                    authoritarian and totalitarian regimes. It's a
                    prerequisite to the formation of a police state.
                    what our Founding Fathers warned us about. It's
                    why we have a Second Amendment.                     One of the other problems we face in America
                    today is the increasing number of laws on the
                    books designed to turn virtually everyone into a
                    law-breaker.                     It's easier for cops today to fill their quota of
                    arrests and citations by targeting
                    non-threatening, non-violent citizens than it is
                    actually chasing down violent criminals. Too
                    often, today's cops make no distinction between
                    hardened, professional criminals, and people
                    who may or may not be in technical violation of
                    the law -- perhaps even an unjust,
                    unconstitutional law.                     But the biggest danger we face is the
                    federalization and militarization of all law
                    enforcement. Inter-agency task forces, bringing
                    together local and state police with federal
                    are now the rule of the day. Federal agencies
                    bribe local cops with funding, equipment and
                    training programs.                     America is rapidly becoming an "us vs. them"
                    society -- with the cops and government on one
                    side and the people on the other. Many of us
                    don't feel the heat yet. But it's just a matter of
                    time before we're all confronted with the harsh
                    realities of the new emerging police state.                     One of these days -- and it may be sooner rather
                    than later -- America is going to be confronted
                    with a real domestic emergency. It's not a matter
                    of if, but when. We've had precious few real
                    domestic crises throughout our history, and
                    Americans have become spoiled. Thus, we take
                    our freedoms for granted.                     There are so many possibilities and excuses on
                    the horizon -- Y2K, terrorism, the threat posed by
                    weapons of mass destruction from rogue states as
                    well as China and Russia.                     Will America respond to the next crisis in a way
                    that preserves our civil rights and liberties? Or
                    will we lose our tentative grasp on freedom --
                    giving up an illustrious tradition for the sake of
                    security, safety, order?                     If we're to maintain any semblance of freedom in
                    the worst of times, we must hold the government
                    and police accountable in the best of times.                     A daily radio broadcast adaptation of Joseph
                    commentaries can be heard at

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:26:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Anthrax Scare 
Source:  Indianapolis Star News
    Letter claims it was    contaminated with Anthrax    29 people are contained, decontaminated at    Planned Parenthood clinic    By Stephen Beaven    Indianapolis Star/News    INDIANAPOLIS (Oct. 30, 1998) -- At least 29    people were treated Friday afternoon for    possible exposure to the deadly biological toxin    Anthrax at a Planned Parenthood clinic at East    21st Street and Ritter Avenue.    The FBI confirmed late Friday afternoon that    clinics in New Albany and Bloomington    received similar threats.    The Planned Parenthood eastside clinic received    a letter shortly after 1 p.m. with a simple    message -- you have been exposed to Anthrax,    according to the Indianapolis Fire Department.    Police and health and safety workers swooped in    soon after to quarantine the people in the    building. At least a dozen professionals from the    fire department's hazardous materials team    entered the building in white decontamination    suits with surgical masks and safety glasses to    treat those inside.    After being scrubbed down, the people in the    clinic were being taken to area hospitals late    Friday afternoon.    "The last thing we want to do is contaminate a    hospital," said one police official on the scene.    "No one is showing symptoms at this time, but    they are scared and upset."    A worker at the clinic opened a plain beige    envelope with a Cincinnati postmark Friday    afternoon. Inside there was a simple letter with    the threat.    It was unclear if the letter actually contained    Anthrax, which is generally used in biological    warfare and terrorism.    But even if it was a hoax, it looked real,    according to IFD Lt. Jack Cassaday.    "It looked like Anthrax so whoever sent it knew    enough to package it the right way," he said.    It has not been confirmed that the letter indeed    was contaminated with Anthrax. The substance    was being tested at a local lab, Cassaday added.    The bacteria Anthrax has flu-like symptoms    which do not surface until one to six days.    The symptoms are high fever, chest pains and    hemmoraging. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:29:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: 18-year-old rebels against being numbered 
YOUR PAPERS, PLEASE ...                    18-year-old rebels                    against being numbered                    Wins right to vote                    without Social Security registration                    By David M. Bresnahan                    Copyright 1998, WorldNetDaily.com
                   LAS VEGAS, NV -- Even though government
                   agencies tried their best to stop him, an
                   18-year-old will vote for the first time in the
                   3 election.
                   Last July, Joshua Hansen, 18, went to register to
                   vote. A few days later he received a letter in the
                   mail from Kathryn Ferguson, registrar of voters
                   of Clark County, Nevada, rejecting his
                   application.
                   Hansen had refused to supply a Social Security
                   number on his application and Ferguson rejected
                   him as a voter.
                   Hansen says he does not have a Social Security
                   number, driver's license, or government issued ID
                   card. He says that he never will. He also refuses
                   to pay income tax.
                   He defends his stands on these issues based on
                   his study of the U.S. Constitution and his
                   religious beliefs. He says he is willing to pay any
                   price and will not give in to government
                   pressure.
                   Hansen takes his right to vote seriously. So
                   seriously that he took Ferguson to court to prove
                   his point. With the help of his uncle, attorney
                   F. Hansen, he got the court to order Ferguson to
                   permit him to vote.
                   He belongs to the First Christian Fellowship of
                   Eternal Sovereignty, which he says is a political
                   religion based on Christianity and the
                   Constitution which people of all denominations
                   may join.
                   "It's a fellowship of anybody who's Christian
                   who really exercises their Christian beliefs within
                   politics," explained Hansen in a phone interview
                   with WorldNetDaily.
                   "The Social Security number was much like the
                   mark of the beast talked about in the "Book of
                   Revelations." One of the main reasons is that it, I
                   mean you can't buy or sell without it, it's hard to
                   do a lot of business without it. Have you ever
                   tried to get a job without one, or voting or
                   anything? A lot of the stuff talked about in the
                   prophecy had come to life and I said, 'I don't
                   want one of those.'
                   "Everything around Social Security is a lie. I
                   want any of the benefits from it and I don't want
                   to pay for it. The system's going bankrupt.
                   Anything I pay for I'll never see anyway. It's
                   blatantly unlawful and unconstitutional,"
                   explained Hansen.                    Living without a Social Security number is a
                   challenge, but not a major problem for Hansen.
                   He has no bank account, works only for family
                   members who will pay him "under the table,"
                   refuses to get a driver's license, and won't pay
                   taxes. Recently he started his own Internet
                   consulting business.
                   He just finished high school this year and says he
                   has very few friends who believe as he does. He
                   belongs to the Church of Jesus Christ of
                   Latter-day Saints.
                   "Because of my political beliefs," says Hansen, "I
                   have a lot of trouble getting along at church with
                   a lot of my fellow members." The members of his
                   church believe in "The Articles of Faith," a
                   portion of it reads "We believe in . . . obeying,
                   honoring, and sustaining the law."
                   "They told me that the law said I had to have a
                   number," explains Hansen. "I said, 'This is kind of
                   stupid because all these numbers are obtained
                   through the identification I already have.' When
                   you get a driver's license or an ID card here,
                   basically you show them your birth certificate,
                   and to prove residency you write down on a little
                   paper what your address is and sign something
                   that says you're not lying, which is all you do on
                   a voter registration thing."
                   Ferguson didn't like Hansen's logic. She rejected
                   his application to vote. Hansen contacted many
                   elected officials for help. Some responded and
                   some didn't, but none were of much help so he
                   decided to take it to court.
                   "The Constitution of Nevada establishes who can
                   vote," explained Hansen. "If you're an idiot,
                   you're insane, and if you don't have residency
                   you can't vote. That's it."
                   Hansen filed a Writ of Mandamus in the Clark
                   County District Court. The purpose was to have
                   the court order Ferguson to register Hansen so he
                   can vote.
                   Nevada law states that the "County Clerk shall
                   require a person to submit official identification
                   as proof of residence and identity, such as a
                   driver's license or other official document before
                   registering him."
                   Hansen presented a diploma from high school
                   and a birth certificate, but Ferguson demanded a
                   Social Security card, driver's license, or a state
                   card.
                   Hansen does not have those items and in his
                   petition to the court his attorney stated,
                   "therefore, he presented alternative identification
                   to the Registrar of Voters, but his right to
                   to vote was refused and denied by the county
                   registrar of voters."
                   Hansen was more surprised than anyone when
                   his petition was granted by the court. "I didn't
                   think I'd win," he said. On Oct. 19, the court
                   ordered Ferguson to register Hansen to vote, and
                   he now plans to cast his first ballot on Nov. 3.
                   This may be just the first of many battles ahead
                   for Hansen. He does drive a car, and does not
                   plan to get a license.
                   "The government has no right to regulate who
                   can and cannot drive unless they have proven
                   themselves to be a danger to the community and
                   have been convicted by 12 informed jurors,"
                   wrote Hansen in an e-mail message to
                   WorldNetDaily.
                   "Assuming that everyone is already a danger and
                   by telling us we must have a license to drive is
                   known better as 'prior restraint' and according to
                   the U.S. Supreme Court is unconstitutional."
                   Hansen also objects to the current law which will
                   implement a national ID card on Oct. 1, 2000. He
                   says that Congress passed the law using illegal
                   immigration control as the excuse.
                   "The even more ironic twist is that most of the
                   illegal immigrants coming here are filtering from
                   Mexico trying to reap the socialist benefits
                   by the federal government. Welfare, government
                   schools, health care, social security, etc. If you
                   want to stop illegal immigration bring back the
                   American way of work hard and succeed as
                   opposed to show up and leech off the tax
                   payers," wrote Hansen.
                   He concluded his e-mail by saying, "There is
                   nothing they can ever do to make me surrender
                   my personal freedom, nothing. I don't know a lot
                   of people who exercise freedom to the point of
                   fanaticism I do. I will not pay federal income tax,
                   I will not be marked my their unconstitutional
                   anti-Christ numbers. I will not take any of their
                   socialist benefits. I will not bow before any
                   bureaucracy. I will not surrender my God-given
                   freedom to those bastards for any reason."
                   David Bresnahan is a contributing editor of
                   WorldNetDaily.com, and is the author of "Cover
                   Up: The Art and Science of Political Deception."
                   may e-mail him at David

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:24:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Sen. Moynihan Warns of Y2K Catastrophe 
Source:  Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Senate Special Committee on the Year 2000
Technology Problem (Oct. 7).
As we wind up the last Year 2000 (Y2K) hearing of this Congress, I would
like to commend Senator Bennett and the Special Committee for its work in
addressing the computer problem. The Committee has done a fine job in
looking at all the aspects of society that the Y2K problem affects: the
utilities industry, the heath sector, financial services, transportation,
government, and businesses. The Committee should also be applauded for the
role it played in formulating and passing S. 2392, The Year 2000
Information and Readiness Disclosure Act. As an original cosponsor of this
piece of legislation, I am pleased to see that its enactment is soon at
hand. The head of the President's Council on Y2K, John Koskinen, said that
passing this bill is one of the most important things that we could do on
the Y2K front. I agree. I say well done to the Committee for all of the
work it has done in such a short amount of time. It was almost two and a half years ago that I sounded the alarm on the
computer problem. On July 31, 1996, I sent President Clinton a letter
expressing my views and concerns about Y2K. I warned him of the ``extreme
negative economic consequences of the Y2K Time Bomb,'' and suggested that
``a presidential aide be appointed to take responsibility for assuring that
all Federal Agencies, including the military, be Y2K compliant by January
1, 1999 [leaving a year for `testing'] and that all commercial and
industrial firms doing business with the Federal government must also be
compliant by that date.'' January 1, 1999 is quickly approaching. I believe that we have made
progress in addressing the computer problem and that the ``Good Samaritan''
legislation will play a significant role in ameliorating this problem. But
much work remains to be done. For the next 450 days we must continue to
work on this problem with dedication and resolve. Historically, the fin de siecle has caused quite a stir. Until now,
however, there has been little factual basis on which doomsayers and
apocalyptic fear mongers could spread their gospel. After studying the
potential impact of Y2K on the telecommunications industry, health care,
economy, and other vital sectors of our lives, I would like to warn that we
have cause for fear. For the failure to address the millennium bug could be
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:25:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: FBI: Anthrax Threat Likely a Hoax 
Source:  Washington Post
FBI: Anthrax Threat to Abortion Clinics Likely a Hoax By John Kelly
Associated Press Writer
Friday, October 30, 1998; 9:20 p.m. EST INDIANAPOLIS - Four abortion clinics in three states received letters
Friday claiming to contain deadly anthrax bacteria, prompting the
evacuation of the Indianapolis clinic and sending at least 33 people to
hospitals, authorities said. Clinics in New Albany, Louisville, Ky., and Knoxville, Tenn., also
received letters, Planned Parenthood and federal officials said. All of the
letters bore Cincinnati postmarks. The clinic in New Albany, across the river from Louisville, was not
evacuated because the letter was not opened, authorities said. A letter
sent to a clinic in Bloomington later was determined to contain business
correspondence and was not a threat, local police said. An employee of the Louisville clinic and the mail carrier who delivered that
letter were taken to the University of Louisville Hospital, treated and
released. "The initial investigation has clearly indicated that the substance is
to be anthrax," FBI agent Carl Christiansen said. The FBI is investigating a similar threat at the Knoxville Reproductive
Health Center in Knoxville, Tenn., agent Scott Nowinski said. The letter
appeared to be a hoax, he said. No one at the Indianapolis clinic complained of any symptoms after an
employee opened the letter Friday afternoon. Officials said is was unclear
whether the letter actually contained anthrax, a strain of bacteria that can
be used as a biological weapon. "We do not know that. But we are
handling it as if it were," police Maj. Tim Horty said. The 31 people, who included seven clinic workers, two firefighters, two
police officers and the postal carrier who delivered the letter, were
stripped, washed with soap and water and dressed in hospital scrubs
inside a blue tent in a strip mall parking lot before being taken to a local
hospital. They were given antibiotics as a preventive measure. All were expected to be released by Friday night. "No one is sick, no one is experiencing pain," Horty said. Horty said a clinic employee called police about 1 p.m. to report a
threatening letter. Inside a small, white envelope was a brown powdery
substance and a note saying "you have just been exposed to anthrax." Administrators isolated the envelope in the clinic, but didn't say where or
how, Horty said. Police evacuated all other stores in the strip mall and
immediately quarantined the clinic. The people exposed to the letter are being taken to Wishard, Methodist
and Community hospitals for observation, and are not in any danger, fire
Lt. Jack Cassaday said. The hospitals and 911 have been inundated by calls from people in the
area who think they might have been exposed, Cassaday said. "No one who was not inside the clinic could have possibly been exposed,"
he said. Anthrax is a disease normally associated with animals such as sheep or
goats. Its spores can infect people who breathe them in. It can kill if left
untreated, but antibiotics can usually cure the disease. Authorities in Indianapolis were in the process of having the powder
analyzed and hope to know by Monday whether it is anthrax, said Virginia
A. Caine, Marion County Health Department director. If the powder is confirmed to be anthrax, those exposed will have to take
antibiotics for four weeks, and possibly the anthrax vaccine as well, she
said. The letters were received a week after abortion provider Dr. Barnett
Slepian, 52, was shot and killed by a sniper in his home in suburban
Buffalo, N.Y. "We receive threats from time to time, but nothing very substantial. The
employees here did the appropriate thing. This did not look suspicious
until they opened it," said Delbert Culp, president of Planned Parenthood
of Central and Southern Indiana. "These are just political extremists who call themselves pro-life. This is not
pro-life." Ann Minnis of Haubstadt, Ind., president of Gibson County Right to Life,
an anti-abortion group, said she has been with the organization for 25
years and has "never met anyone who would do such a thing. "We're about saving lives, not about anything like that (the anthrax
threats)," she said. "Heavens, it's horrible."  (c) Copyright 1998 The Associated Press To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:21:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Privacy: Dangers of security measures 
Source:  Federal Computer Week
 OCTOBER 26, 1998 . . . 16:35 EST  Privacy watchdog group warns about dangers of
 security measures
 BY HEATHER HARRELD (heather
 The recommendations of a presidential commission for protecting the
nation's critical computer systems -- many of which are being launched by
various federal entities -- would expand government authority and lead to
civil liberty violations, according to a report released today by a privacy
think tank.
 The report, authored by the Electronic Privacy Information Center, asserts
that the expanded role of the Defense Department and the FBI required to
ward off perceived information warfare threats to the nation's critical
infrastructures would infringe upon various civil liberties, such as
freedom of speech, privacy protections and the Freedom of Information Act.  Specifically, Wayne Madsen, senior fellow at EPIC and author of the
report, noted that the National Security Agency and other intelligence
agencies would have their roles expanded from collecting international
intelligence data to focusing efforts on domestic computer security.
 Traditionally, the NSA has been prohibited from playing a role in the
protection of unclassified computer security data. But because
infrastructure protection involves working closely with the private-sector
owners and operators of infrastructure, such as telecommunications
companies and banks, this role would be expanded.
 The report from the President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure
Protection supported the use of key-recovery encryption, a technology
mechanism strongly supported by the NSA that would allow law enforcement
officials to descramble encrypted data with a court order or other
 It also suggests that the federal government create new classifications
for government information and provide federal agencies with expanded
latitude for classifying information, according to Madsen.
 "The intelligence community...has had its sights set on restricting access
to public information for years," Madsen said. "There's been a struggle
between NSA and civilian agencies over who will be responsible for
protecting unclassified information. NSA [in commission recommendations]
will become the de facto information security czar."
 But Jeffrey Hunker, director of the Critical Infrastructure Assurance
Office, which was created by President Clinton to carry out many of the
recommendations in the commission's report, said his office places First
Amendment and civil liberty concerns foremost in its work.
 "We are dealing with a new and evolving threat environment," Hunker said.
"Discussions about civil liberties need to recognize the fact that there
are new threats that pose real risks to Americans at home...and their way
of life." Mail questions to webmaster
Copyright 1998 FCW Government Technology Group
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:25:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: More clinics receive "anthrax" letters as authorities await results 
Source:  Fox News - AP
More clinics receive letters as authorities await results
 8.00 p.m. ET (101 GMT) October 31, 1998
 By Susanna Ray, Associated Press
 INDIANAPOLIS (AP) - Federal marshals stood watch Saturday over an abortion
clinic that received a letter claiming, "You have just been exposed to
anthrax.'' Authorities meanwhile awaited results of tests on the envelope's
contents.  The Planned Parenthood clinic was one of five clinics that received
envelopes Friday containing a brown, powdery substance and threatening
notes. The others were in the southern Indiana town of New Albany,
Knoxville, Tenn., and two in Louisville, Ky.  On Saturday, two other clinics - one in Wichita, Kan., and another in
Louisville - reported receiving similar letters.  Authorities said the letter to the Wichita clinic was postmarked in
Cincinnati, just like the ones sent to at least four other clinics. Pat
Bashore of the FBI in Louisville said he did not know the origin of two of
the Louisville letters.  In Wichita, an employee called the fire department, which contacted
federal authorities. FBI spokesman Jeff Lanza said the envelope wasn't
opened but "looking at it through backlighting, it doesn't appear to
contain anything at all.'' The clinic was evacuated for about 45 minutes.  Friday's incident at the Indianapolis clinic prompted police to
decontaminate 31 people who were scrubbed down and treated with antibiotics
at hospitals as a precaution. Two people from a Louisville clinic also were
treated at the hospital Friday.  Preliminary tests on the contents of the New Albany envelope and one from
Louisville were negative for anthrax, a strain of bacteria that can be used
as a biological weapon. Contents of a letter sent to the Knoxville
Reproductive Health Center will be sent to a lab for testing, the FBI said.  Results of testing in the Indianapolis case had not been completed
Saturday, FBI agent Doug Garrison said.  Michael Smith, who lives in an apartment near the Indianapolis clinic,
said he's opposed to abortion, but now is scared about what anti-abortion
extremists might do next.  "You're automatically wondering what chemicals went off. I mean, my
window's open. ... I feel endangered,'' he said.  Meanwhile, a Newsweek poll found that 60 percent of Americans believe the
anti-abortion movement has to share at least some of the blame for recent
violence against abortion provides. Fears of violent attacks against
abortion providers were heightened Oct. 23 when a sniper fatally shot a
doctor who performs abortions near Buffalo.  Thirty-three percent of those responding said the anti-abortion movement
is indirectly connected to the violence because of statements that
encourage violence. Another 27 percent believed there is a more direct
connection, the Newsweek poll said.  The survey also found that 51 percent of Americans sympathize with
abortion-rights efforts and 39 percent back the anti-abortion effort.  The poll appears in the Nov. 9 issue of the magazine, which is on
newsstands Monday. Its margin of error is plus or minus 4 percentage points.                   (c) 1998 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:23:07
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] R 141331Z-OCT-98 DNA SPECIMEN COLLECTION PROGRAM 
SCAN THIS NEWS
Forwarded message:
R 141331Z OCT 98 ZYB PSN 475808S32
FM COMNAVSURFPAC SAN DIEGO CA//N01M//
TO NAVSURFPAC
INFO RHHMHAH/CINCPACFLT PEARL HARBOR HI//N01M//
UNCLAS //N01320//PASS TO MEDICAL DEPT REPRESENTATIVES
SUBJ/DNA SPECIMEN COLLECTION PROGRAM//
NARR/REF A IS READD MSG FROM BOTH CINCS REGARDING THE DNA SPECIMEN
COLLECTION PROGRAM. REF B PROVIDED GUIDANCE ON HOW TO QUERY THE
ARMED FORCES INSTITUTE OF PATHOLOGY (AFIP) DATABASE.//
POC/A.C. ABAD, HMCM(SW)/CNSP/N01M2/-/TEL:(619)437-2326
RMKS/1. THE PURPOSE OF THIS MSG IS TO ALERT ALL COMNAVSURFPAC UNITS
TO THE REQUIREMENT TO REPORT THE STATUS OF THEIR DNA SPECIMEN
COLLECTION PROGRAM TO THE TYCOM. PER REFS A AND B, ALL UNITS
ARE REQUESTED TO SUBMIT REPORTS OF COMPLETION OF DNA SPECIMEN
COLLECTION TO CNSP NLT 31 OCT 98. ALL UNITS SHOULD HAVE 100 PERCENT
[PAGE 02 RUEDMCA0441 UNCLAS]
OF THEIR CREW REGISTERED IN THE ARMED FORCES REPOSITORY OF SPECIMEN
SAMPLES FOR THE IDENTIFICATION OF REMAINS (AFRSSIR) AT AFIP.
2. FOR QUESTIONS OR CLARIFICATIONS, PLS CONTACT POC. //
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:34:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.03: Privacy Here and Abroad 
ISPI Clips 6.03: Privacy Here and Abroad
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
November 1, 1998
This From: The Washington Post, Saturday, October 31, 1998; Page A16
Privacy Here and Abroad
CONCERN OVER the privacy of personal data is sharpening as the problem
appears in more and sometimes unexpected contexts -- everything from
employer testing of people's genetic predispositions to resale of their
online reading habits or their bank records. When the data are medical or
financial, everyone but the sellers and resellers seems ready to agree that
people should have some measure of control over how and by whom their data
will be used. But how, other than piecemeal, can such control be
established, and what would a more general right to data privacy look like?
One approach very different from that of the United States, as it happens,
is about to be thrust upon the consciousness of many American businesses as
a European law called the European Union Data Privacy Directive goes into
effect. The European directive has drawn attention not only because the
European approach to and history on data privacy are sharply different from
our own but also because the new directive comes with prohibitions on
export that would crimp the options of any company that does business both
here and in Europe.
The directive imposes sweeping prohibitions on the use of any personal data
without the explicit consent of the person involved, for that purpose only
(repeated uses or resale require repeated permission) and also bars
companies from exporting any such data to any country not ruled by the EU
to have "adequate" privacy protection measures already in place. The
Europeans have not ruled the United States "adequate" in this regard -- no
surprise there -- though individual industries may pass muster or fall
under special exemptions.
That means, for instance, that multinational companies cannot allow U.S.
offices access to personnel data on European employees, and airlines can't
swap reservations data without restrictions. More to the point, they can't
share or sell the kinds of data on customers that in this country are now
routinely treated as another possible income stream. Would such restraints
be a boon to customers on these shores too? Or will Americans, as the data
companies frequently argue, find instead that they want the convenience and
"one-on-one marketing" that this constant dossier-compiling makes possible?
In one early case, a U.S. airline is being sued in Sweden to prevent its
compiling and selling a database of, for instance, passengers who requested
kosher meals or wheelchair assistance on arrival from transatlantic
flights. Do customers want the "convenience" of this kind of tracking, and
if not, how might they -- we -- avoid having it offered? The contrast
between systems is a chance to consider which of the many business-as-usual
uses of data in this country rise to the level of a privacy violation from
which citizens should be shielded by law.
(c) Copyright 1998 The Washington Post Company
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:57:39
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Fatal Flaws: How military misled about Agent Orange 
Source:  San Diego Union-Tribune
FATAL FLAWS
How the military misled Vietnam veterans and their families about the
health risks of Agent Orange
UNION-TRIBUNE Staff Writer November 1, 1998 The U.S. military's $200 million study of the health effects of Agent
Orange on Vietnam War veterans is so flawed that it might be useless, a
six-month investigation by The San Diego Union-Tribune has found.
The study has been a key factor in denying compensation to Vietnam veterans
suffering from illnesses they blame on Agent Orange, a powerful herbicide
used to destroy enemy crops and jungle hiding places.
Interviews with military scientists, transcripts of meetings, and
government reports and internal memos reveal that these are among the flaws
in the Air Force study, which began in 1979 and concludes in 2006:
Two study reports that revealed serious birth defects among children of
veterans exposed to Agent Orange were withheld for years, leaving a
generation of men and women who served in Vietnam to start families without
knowing the potential risks. A report expressing concerns about cancer and birth defects was altered,
with the result that the risks appeared less serious. The government ignored a National Academy of Sciences recommendation that
the study be done by scientists outside the military.
High-ranking Air Force officers interfered with the study' s data analysis,
undermining its scientific integrity.
The Air Force stonewalled a U.S. senator who wanted full disclosure of the
Dr. Richard Albanese, one of four scientists who designed the study but
later was taken off the project, says it was manipulated to downplay the
health problems of Vietnam veterans.
"This is a medical crime, basically," Albanese said. "Certainly, this is
against all medical ethics."
Albanese, a civilian doctor, still works at Brooks Air Force Base in San
Antonio, where the study' s scientists are headquartered. When the Union-Tribune contacted him, Albanese weighed the consequences for
several days and then agreed to a series of interviews in the hope that
veterans will be treated better in the future.
He said the study is tainted because a government agency, in this case the
Air Force, was allowed to investigate itself.
Joel Michalek, the study' s head scientist, acknowledged that the Air Force
and the government tried to interfere, but he said this had no impact on
the study. He said he received two memos through the chain of command that
tried to influence the study, but threw them away.
The study is named for Operation Ranch Hand, a series of Air Force missions
that sprayed 18 million gallons of defoliants over 3.6 million acres of
South Vietnam. The Ranch Hand study tracks the health of about 1,000
veterans who participated in the spraying missions, in comparison with an
Air Force group that was not involved in the spraying. Both groups come to
San Diego every few years for medical exams.
Agent Orange contained dioxin, now known to cause some cancers. The
defoliant destroyed forests and darkened the waters of the Mekong Delta,
where Patti Robinson' s husband, Geoff, was a gunner' s mate on a Navy
patrol boat in 1968-69.
Robinson, who lives in Clairemont, said her husband described how the
herbicide congealed and licked at river banks. But he told her the men
bathed and swam in the water anyway; their superiors said it was safe. When her husband died of cancer in 1981, Robinson turned to the Veterans
Administration for help. Her claim citing Agent Orange as a factor in her
husband' s death also listed her son, Matthew, who was born in 1976 with a
developmental disability.
But the government told Robinson that Agent Orange did not cause her
husband' s malignant melanoma, nor her son' s communication disorder. Or
any other health problem for that matter.
All claims were being denied. Agent Orange was innocent until proved guilty. The government had made that clear in 1978, after the first 500 claims came
in. Garth Dettinger, an Air Force deputy surgeon general, told Congress
there was no evidence that Agent Orange had harmed anyone.
But concerns about the herbicide' s health effects had been raised since
the early ' 70s, and the public wanted proof. So Congress funded the Ranch
Hand study. Dettinger helped make sure it was done by Air Force scientists.  Conflict of interest
Although Dettinger wanted the Air Force to evaluate its use of Agent
Orange, some of its scientists thought that might present a conflict of
interest. Col. George Lathrop, head scientist for the Ranch Hand study in
its early years, told a military science board in 1979 that an Air Force
study wouldn' t be credible to people outside the government.
"We advised a certain general that, ' No, we should not do this.' And we
were told to shut up and do it anyway," Lathrop said, according to a
transcript of the meeting. "So we are saluting the flag pole and mushing
on. We are doing the damn thing."
That general, Lathrop said in a recent interview, was Dettinger.
"Dettinger had the notion that if we didn' t do this study that he would
devise his own questionnaire and his own study and go out and get it done
himself," Lathrop said. "It would have been scientifically disastrous."
Dettinger denied ordering Lathrop to do the Ranch Hand study and said he
never threatened to conduct his own version.
"He' s not being honest about that," Dettinger said. "I promised Congress
we would do the study. My word is my bond, and so we went ahead and did it." Albanese also worried that conflict of interest might affect the findings.
But, at the time, he believed the danger could be offset by a rule written
into the study design: Air Force management was not to interfere with the
scientific analysis. The scientists weren' t the only ones with conflict-of-interest concerns.
The National Academy of Sciences reviewed the study design in 1980 and
recommended it be done by independent researchers. But a White House panel
made up of representatives from the Pentagon and VA, among other federal
agencies, said the Air Force would do it. The panel, called the Agent
Orange Working Group, appointed an advisory committee to review Ranch Hand
But the committee did more directing than advising during the first decade
of the study, Albanese said.
Ranch Hand reports went from the Air Force to the advisory committee, then
to the Agent Orange Working Group and back to the Air Force. Sources and
documents indicate the reports were changed during that process, sometimes
dramatically. Altered report
The Air Force scientists drafted two major Ranch Hand reports in 1984. One of them was withheld. The other was published, but its findings were
The report that was withheld dealt specifically with reproductive health
issues, and stressed birth defects and infant deaths. It showed high rates
of both among children of Ranch Hand veterans.
The report that was published examined the general health of Ranch Hand
veterans. It presented data on birth defects, cancer and many other medical
conditions. The Air Force announced that it showed little difference
between the health of Ranch Hand and comparison veterans. But that wasn' t what the Ranch Hand scientists wrote. Their original
version of the report contained a table showing that the Ranch Hand
veterans were, by a ratio of 5-1, "less well" than the comparison group.
That version also noted that Ranch Hand veterans reported significantly
more birth defects among their children than did the other veterans. After the White House panel' s advisory committee reviewed the report,
those details were downplayed or eliminated.
Lathrop complied with the committee' s recommendations to omit the table,
soften the birth defects language and drop a sentence that said Ranch Hand
veterans might have been harmed by Agent Orange. Lathrop also deleted a
sentence that said some of the findings were "of concern." He added a line
that said the overall findings were "reassuring." Lathrop didn' t object to the changes, which he said were minor.
"Fundamentally, the advisory group felt that we were too liberal on the
interpretation," he said.
Albanese, on the other hand, thought the changes distorted the report. He
wrote a letter requesting that his views be published as a minority
opinion, and kept a copy in his files. Lathrop, who didn' t respond to
Albanese' s letter, said he doesn' t recall receiving it. Albanese and Lathrop also disagreed about how the cancer data were prepared
and presented in the 1984 health report.
Because the Ranch Hand group is too small for the scientists to draw
conclusions about rare cancers, Albanese said, they decided to study the
incidence of cancer as a whole. They found that the Ranch Hand veterans had
twice as many cancers as the comparison group.
But that didn' t make it into the report.
Instead, skin and internal cancers were separated. Presented that way, the
Ranch Hand group had 135 percent more skin cancers than the comparison
group, but only 20 percent more internal cancers.
The scientists reported the high skin cancer rate, but suggested it was
caused by overexposure to the sun. They found "no significant group
differences" in internal cancers. Within the small Ranch Hand group,
Albanese said, the increase in internal cancers became a meaningless
Albanese was outraged.
"It happened that most cancers were in the skin, and the report said they
were just in the skin," he said. "That' s not a correct inference."
At the press conference that unveiled the 1984 health findings, Murphy
Chesney, a deputy Air Force surgeon general at the time, announced that the
health of the Ranch Hand and comparison veterans was about the same. In response to a question during that press conference, Albanese voiced a
mild disagreement. Noting the higher incidence of some diseases, he said,
"I cannot account for such differences by chance; on the other hand, I
cannot explain their cause."
He repeated to reporters a phrase that had been deleted from the report: "A degree of concern is warranted."
Albanese was removed from the Ranch Hand study eight months later. The Air
Force said he was needed on a different project.
Sensitive information
Albanese considered going public with his misgivings about the Ranch Hand
study years ago, but decided against it. He didn' t want to jeopardize his
career as a government scientist.
Because of the study' s flaws, Albanese said, Vietnam veterans have not
received the compensation they deserve.
Lathrop said it was better not to release sensitive data from the Ranch
Hand study prematurely, and nothing was more sensitive than information
about birth defects.
"There was a great deal riding on the issue of birth defects," he said.
"The VA had not decided on the issue of compensation and so forth."
After her husband died, Patti Robinson struggled to meet her son' s special
needs. She needed the government compensation, but more than that, she
needed the truth.
"The uncertainty has left big question marks," she said. "If it wasn' t for
that, you could put it behind you."
Robinson never remarried. She devoted her life to her son, Matthew, who is
21 now, the age his father was in Vietnam.
Matthew has the reading skills of a second-grader, and he has a hard time
getting words out. But he can look at a photograph, identify a place he has
been and offer directions to get there.
He calls his mother by her first name and often refers to himself in the
third person. He will say, "Patti, Matthew is stupid," and his mother will
fire back, "No, you' re not."
Matthew keeps a picture of his father in his bedroom. Sometimes he shows it
to visitors.
But pain registered on his face when he was asked what he remembers about
the man who died so long ago.
He turned away.
"Matthew doesn' t want to talk about that," he said.
In the private sector
To reduce the workload of its scientists, the Air Force hired a private
company to conduct Ranch Hand general health studies published since 1984. But the government has remained in charge.
And the firm that won the first contract featured a familiar face.
George Lathrop had retired from the Air Force and was working at the San
Antonio office of Science Applications International Corp., a San
Diego-based company that was founded on defense contracts.
Lathrop said he wanted to continue working on the Ranch Hand study. He
figured that with him on its team, SAIC would get the contract.
It did.
Lathrop left SAIC in 1987. The company went on to win the contracts for
1987, 1992, 1997 and 2002. It uses Scripps Clinic in La Jolla to perform
the medical tests.
Results are analyzed by SAIC, then sent to scientists at Brooks Air Force
Base for approval. The SAIC contracts do not include compiling birth
defects reports. The Air Force does that itself.
By 1987, Ranch Hand had emerged as the government' s definitive Agent
Orange study.
"It was the pivotal study," said Michalek, Ranch Hand' s head scientist
since 1991. "It still is."
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta tried to do
its own study by matching records of troop movements with Agent Orange
spraying. But after five years and nearly $50 million, the CDC decided its
review method wasn' t reliable.
After the CDC gave up in 1987, the government dismissed other studies that
used similar exposure estimates. They were deemed unscientific. That left the Ranch Hand study as the government' s principal yardstick for
Agent Orange damage.
Pattern of manipulation
South Dakota Sen. Tom Daschle, a Democrat, has kept an eye on the Ranch
Hand study since the early 1980s. He was confident it would support his
belief that Agent Orange harmed Vietnam veterans.
When that hadn' t happened by 1984, when Daschle was a member of the House
of Representatives, he decided to investigate. He assigned an aide, Laura
Petrou, to help. They collected Air Force and other government
correspondence and saw what they believed was a pattern of manipulation to
minimize findings of health problems among Ranch Hand veterans.
When Daschle learned about the unpublished 1984 birth defects report, he
asked for a copy. The Air Force refused to give him one.
Finally, in a letter to Daschle dated Aug. 25, 1987, the Air Force conceded
that the cancer and birth defects information in the 1984 Ranch Hand health
report -- the one Albanese said was distorted by advisory committee changes

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:50:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] The DoD DNA Registry and Specimen Repository 
SCAN THIS NEWS
"The blood is placed on special cards with the service member's Social
Security number, date of birth, and branch of service designated on the
front side of the card. On the reverse side of the bloodstain card are a
fingerprint, a bar code, and signature attesting to the validity of the
The DoD DNA Registry and DoD Specimen Repository for Remains
Historical Overview:
The U.S. military recognized the value of DNA testing as a necessary adjunct
to traditional identification efforts. In a memorandum dated December 16,
1991, the Deputy Secretary of Defense authorized the Assistant Secretary of
Defense (Health Affairs) to establish policies and requirements for the use
of DNA analysis in the identification of remains. To carry out these
policies, the establishment of a DNA Registry, to include a Specimen
Repository for Remains Identification and a DNA Identification Laboratory
were authorized under the Office of the Armed Forces Medical Examiner
(OAFME). On January 5, 1993, the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health
Affairs) issued a policy guidance for the establishment of a repository of
specimen samples to aid in the remains identification using genetic
analysis. On May 17, 1993, the Surgeon General, U.S. Army, was delegated as
Executive Agent for the DNA Registry. On March 9, 1994, the Assistant
Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs) issued a Memorandum of Instruction to
the Service Secretaries establishing policies and procedures for the
collection of DNA specimens. On April 2, 1996 policy refinements were issued
to the DoD DNA Registry. In October 1994 the DNA Registry received approval
from the American Society of Crime Laboratory Directors for the production
of DNA proficiency tests used by forensic DNA laboratories. AFDIL is one of
four DNA laboratories to receive this approval in the United States.
In January 1995 the Defense Science Board concurred with the use of
mitochondrial DNA testing for associated and unassociated remains. Although
AFDIL is capable of conducting more common nuclear DNA testing, nuclear DNA
testing is not possible on ancient remains.
DoD Specimen Repository for Remains Identification
The DoD DNA Specimen Repository provides reference material for DNA analysis
to assist in the remains identification process. A dried bloodstain and
buccal swab are being collected from all Active Component (AC) personnel. A
total of three DNA specimens are collected. One bloodstain card is stored in
a pouch in the service member's medical record; another bloodstain card and
a buccal swab are stored at the Armed Forces Repository for Specimen Samples
for the Identification of Remains. The blood is placed on special cards with
the service member's Social Security number, date of birth, and branch of
service designated on the front side of the card. On the reverse side of the
bloodstain card are a fingerprint, a bar code, and signature attesting to
the validity of the sample. Ultimately, the bloodstain card is stored in a
vacuum-sealed barrier bag and frozen at -20 degrees Celsius, in the Specimen
Repository. The oral swab (buccal scrapping) is fixed in isopropanol and
stored at room temperature. Great care is taken to prevent the possibility
of error from sample switching or mislabeling. Additionally, the specimens
are considered confidential medical information, and military regulations
and federal law exist to cover any issues on privacy concerns. As of
December 1994, DNA collections were being made from all newly accessioned
personnel, the residual AC members, and select high risk Reserve Component
(RC) members. Large scale RC collection are scheduled to begin collection in
FY 96. Collections are being made from any service member deployed to a
hostile fire or imminent danger area. During CY 94, collections were made
from personnel deploying to Somalia, Rwanda, Haiti, Bosnia, and Latin
America. All services are at least 90% complete with collections of special
operations, aviation, and high risk duty personnel. The remaining AC
individuals will be collected through FY 98, at the time of their annual
As of 31 December 1995, the Repository has received 1.15 million DNA
specimens. Specimens come into the Repository at the rate of 3,000 - 4,000
per day. The updated Specimen Management System (SMS), using the Defense
Eligibility Enrollment System (DEERS) database, verifies service member
information. In CY 95, the Repository established an on-line datalink with
DEERS. All DNA specimens will be maintained for fifty years, before being
destroyed. Individual specimen samples will be destroyed upon request of the
donor following the conclusion of the donor's complete military service
obligation (including individually ready reserve status or subject to active
duty recall) or other applicable relationship to DoD.

@_date: 1998-11-05 04:14:14
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: MS "halloween" doc, vs. linux 
some people objected to my last post ranting about MS
tactics relative to the browser market. there has been
a remarkable development that shows how MS deliberately
attempts to "sabotage" markets through FUD etc.... an
internal policy memo that discusses their tactics leaked
to the public..
good article on Slate about how MS is attempting to
sabotage the growth of new free linux software through a systematic
strategy of "decommoditizing" or "embrace and extend" where
some people call this "copy and corrupt":
if MS's strategies in the world were as simple as "make
good products so people will buy them", who could complain?
but they constantly see software development as trench
warfare and a bloody, no-hold-barred melee. I'm positive
they will be chastised after this antitrust trial finishes..
we'll see..

@_date: 1998-11-05 06:17:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] L.A. DMV Tries to Stem the Tide of Fake Licenses 
SCAN THIS NEWS
[This is a little dated, but well worth reading]
Sunday, April 5, 1998
DMV Tries to Stem the Tide of Fake Licenses
Crime: Demand for IDs fuels counterfeiting rings and corruption inside the
agency. Officials respond with anti-tampering features, more monitoring of
By VIRGINIA ELLIS, Times Staff Writer
SACRAMENTO - The California driver's license's preeminence as a form of
identification has spawned a thriving black market for fraudulent licenses
and a major corruption scandal in the state's motor vehicle department,
records and interviews show.
In recent years, as the lowly driver's license has been redesigned to make
it more tamper-resistant, the card has increasingly become the dominant
piece of identification for cashing checks, obtaining credit and securing
government services.
This, in turn, has caused the black market value for licenses to soar,
providing a catalyst for counterfeiting and bribery of Department of Motor
Vehicles employees. Scores of DMV workers in offices from San Diego to
Sacramento already have been caught illegally issuing driver's licenses, and
officials say many more are under investigation.
"We have, in effect, created a cottage industry," said Steve Solem, a DMV
deputy director. "A lot of different changes have been evolving over the
years that have made...people feel the need to get a driver's license at any
As a result, officials report that:
* Counterfeiting rings operate in every large city in the state, serving up
fake licenses of varying quality for sale on the streets. In Los Angeles,
business is so competitive that state investigators say a prospective
customer can bargain for the best price. A counterfeit identification
package, including a license, usually sells for $100, but state agents have
paid as little as $35.
* At many of the DMV's busiest offices, scam artists make use of loopholes
in procedures to get legitimate licenses, which are then peddled to
undocumented immigrants or suspended drivers. In Santa Clara County, a
four-month surveillance of DMV offices recently led to 26 felony and 16
misdemeanor arrests for using false documents to obtain driver's licenses.
* In the past two years, 144 DMV employees were fired or otherwise
disciplined for illegal activity, primarily driver's license fraud. Most
cases were referred for prosecution. The corruption affected more than a
third of the DMV offices.
"It's by far the biggest scandal and case of severe corruption in my 16
years here," said state Sen. Steve Peace (D-El Cajon), who heads a
legislative task force on personal privacy. "It's not a single organized
entity. It's a number of entrepreneurial criminal activities."
Late this year, officials plan to begin issuing new licenses with even more
sophisticated anti-tampering features to help stem the tide of
license-related crime. Among the features will be a tiny ghost image
designed to make it harder to substitute one person's photo for another.
"You've got to be as technologically alert as the criminals out there," said
DMV Director Sally Reed. "You've got to keep changing the license. You've
got to keep changing your practices."
Complicating the task is an overwhelming DMV workload. The department
licenses more than 20 million California drivers, issues more than 6 million
new licenses and identification cards a year, and operates 172 licensing
centers around the state.
How many fake and fraudulent licenses may be in circulation is impossible to
calculate. But state officials say the problem is rampant, its impact on
society insidious.
A fraudulent driver's license that is used to steal someone's identity can
cause years of frustration as the victim suddenly finds his or her credit
destroyed. Or the fake license can put a convicted drunk driver back on the
highway, where the next accident may cause someone's death.
The role of the driver's license in criminal activity was heightened not
only by the technological changes that made it so widely accepted, but by
governmental decisions to use it as a tool for punishment.
New laws have made a larger and larger pool of people susceptible to losing
their license for activities unrelated to driving. The license can be
suspended for spraying graffiti, failure to pay child support, truancy and
certain kinds of prostitution. And immigrants who lack proper proof of
residency cannot be issued one.
"If you're a drunk driver, you want a fake ID," said Alison Koch, a senior
special investigator for the DMV in Sacramento. "If you're in a gang, you
want a fake ID. If you're a deadbeat dad, you want a fake ID. If you're an
illegal alien, you want a fake ID. If you want to commit check or credit
card fraud, you want a fake ID.
"There is hardly a crime out there that doesn't demand some kind of
fraudulent identification."
For many minor crimes, she said, a bogus license - even a poor one - is all
the fraud artist needs. The quick glance that many business people give the
license before cashing a check or accepting a credit card is not enough to
discern that it's fake.
For more sophisticated crimes, said Vito Scattaglia, an area commander for
DMV investigators in Los Angeles, criminals want the real thing - and this
demand for legitimate licenses has put heavy pressure on low-level state
employees to commit fraud.
"When you have a technician who is making $2,000 to $2,400 a month and you
have an individual who is willing to pay $1,000 to process one driver's
license, you don't have to be a genius to figure out how tempting that is,"
he said.
But Peace, the state senator, said high-level officials did not recognize
how extensively their department had been infiltrated by criminals until an
embarrassing KCBS-TV Channel 2 report last year caught a DMV employee on
camera processing illegal licenses.
Until the Los Angeles broadcast, only a handful of DMV investigators had
been monitoring employee fraud, and they were struggling with a huge
Then Reed temporarily assigned 213 DMV investigators to employee fraud and
announced that it would be the agency's No. 1 priority.
The results were staggering. Using everything from surveillance to
informants, investigators caught dozens of DMV employees around the state
processing illegal licenses. Many were teamed up with grifters on the
outside, who usually worked the DMV parking lots, preying mostly on
immigrants who would be guaranteed a license for about $1,000 to $2,000.
Typical was the case of an 18-year Torrance employee who was targeted after
a DMV computer in Sacramento showed irregularities in licenses he had
issued. After investigators interviewed dozens of his customers, the
employee was charged with computer fraud and altering public records.
"The first person I interviewed, I knew I was on the right trail," recalled
Ken Erickson, a senior DMV special investigator. "The customer was honest.
He said, 'Yeah, I'm here illegally and I can't read or write either English
or Spanish.'"
But, Erickson said, data the Torrance employee had entered into the DMV
computer stated that the man was a legal resident of California who had
passed the written driver's test in English.
Investigators searched the employee's car and found $14,280 in cash stashed
behind the front seat, Erickson said. They estimated that over a 15-month
period he had improperly issued at least 70 licenses. After pleading no
contest to two felony counts, he was fined $14,280 and placed on three years
probation. He also was fired and barred from future government employment.
The employee fraud, Peace said, is "not some sort of single grand conspiracy
with a godfather sitting on top pulling levers."
"What it has been is a culture within the department that has allowed for a
whole variety of entrepreneurial criminal behavior. It was a culture which
says, 'I've got my little deal and you've got yours. Don't mess with mine
and I won't mess with yours.'"
Although the problem predated Reed's appointment as director, Peace faulted
her for initially disbelieving it and being "slow to react" until the
television report.
Reed acknowledged the bad publicity was a wake-up call but disputed Peace's
contention the DMV has a culture of corruption, saying the vast majority of
the DMV's 8,600 workers are law-abiding.
A spokesman for the California State Employees Assn., which represents DMV
employees, accused the department of overreacting. He said the crackdown has
destroyed worker morale and become so broad that "it could very likely be
called a witch hunt."
Investigators concede that corruption within the DMV probably pales compared
to that on the outside.
Richard Steffen, chief consultant for a legislative task force investigating
state government, said crime rings are able to get legitimate licenses
simply by knowing how to work the system.
He said they know, for example, that photos and thumbprints are not taken
until the end of the licensing procedure, a process tailor-made for the use
of ringers. The ringer takes the driver's test, then the customer comes in
the next day and completes the process. "There is a pattern here that is
known on the street," said Steffen, who is preparing to release a report on
the DMV. "It's not like masterminds come up with this."
Birth certificates, which the DMV requires, are easily counterfeited, and
phony ones are hard to spot, officials said. The appearance of birth
certificates varies from state to state and sometimes, as in California,
from county to county. Adding to the problem is California's open birth
certificate procedure, which allows virtually anyone to get a certified copy
of anyone else's birth record.
One team of ringers arrested by the California Highway Patrol was found with
counterfeit birth certificates from Oklahoma, Utah, New York and Texas,
according to Bruce Wong, a senior DMV investigator in San Jose.
"They were driving up the state from Southern California, stopping at
different DMV offices and submitting license applications under different
names," he said. "In one day of driving, they had accumulated eight
different instructional permits, which they could then sell along with the
counterfeit birth certificate."
Solem said some loopholes in licensing procedures will be closed when the
department begins issuing the new licenses and taking photos and thumbprints
at the beginning of the process.
"But this is a problem that's going to be with us," he added. "Government
does something and the crooks figure a way around it and then government
catches up. It goes on and on."
Scattaglia said much of the counterfeiting may have its roots south of the
border, but no one knows for sure because investigators have only been able
to arrest the sellers, not the suppliers.
"We have gone into places and recovered sheets and sheets of holograms and
state seals - literally a setup [for] putting a license together," he said.
"But we've never found the commercial facility that has the printing presses
and all the orders. The informants we have all indicated that that place is
somewhere in Mexico."
Beth Givens, director of the San Diego-based Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, a
consumer information and advocacy program, predicted that driver's license
fraud will always be difficult to control because it's not a violent crime
and punishment is light.
"If these criminals happened to break and enter or use a gun, it would be
one thing," she said. "But because they're using paper and documents,
they're not seen as a threat to society."
Banking officials are starting to rethink their heavy reliance on the
driver's license. "That's certainly a trend that's underway because they are
increasingly fake," said Gregory Wilhelm, lobbyist for the California
Bankers Assn.
Los Angeles Times
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-11-05 06:15:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.05: U. of T. Students Question Smartcard Technology & Privacy 
ISPI Clips 6.05: U. of T. Students Question Smartcard Technology & Privacy
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Tuesday November 3, 1998
This From: WIRED News, November 2, 1998
Students Wonder: How Smart?
Marlene Blanshay, blanshay
TORONTO -- A coalition of University of Toronto students is leading an open
forum on smartcard technology Monday to discuss concerns that a new campus
card program may be compromising their privacy.
The T-card pilot project began last year when the university distributed
45,000 smartcards to students, staff, and faculty. Like many students
across the US, where such programs are common, the 39,000 Toronto
volunteers were sold on the convenience of having all their ID combined on
a single piece of plastic.
"[Students] don't have to carry around so many cards," said University of
Toronto registrar Karel Swift, the chairwoman of the school's T-card
implementation committee.
Not everybody feels that way. The university says it has been open about
the new program, but some students feel that the school has not been up
front with them about what is being done with information on purchases made
with the card.
"We just want some answers," said James Hooch of the Identity Technology
Working Group, the coalition of students and faculty that will host
Monday's forum.
"We feel we are being used as a captive market."
Andrew Clement, a professor of information studies at the University of
Toronto, said the university has an obligation to be more open about the
"We don't think they are up to some nefarious scheme," said Clement,
moderator of Monday's forum. "But they are implementing the new technology,
which is going to be used in a wider setting, and should be setting a good
Nevertheless, Swift said that students have not been left out of the
"We consulted with student reps when the project was under consideration,"
Swift said. She added that the university has privacy policy and that their
records are protected by a rigorous access to information policy.
Some still worry that the university, in the interest of efficiency, is
introducing a new technology without looking at the potential uses or
"There is a lot of concern among the students about collection of
information for purposes they are not aware of," says Jack Dimond, the
university's commissioner for freedom of information and privacy. "My
concern is that as smartcards are used more, there is a procedure of review
of information it collects. When you begin using the new applications, you
have to look at them closely."
One freedom and privacy advocate encourages students to boycott the cards.
"[Students] should just say, 'I refuse to use this card for any cash
purchases until you tell me where this info is going and what you're doing
with it,'" said David Jones, president of Electronic Frontier Canada.
Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-08 07:08:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.10: Washington to Seek Public's Advice on EU Privacy Laws 
ISPI Clips 6.10: Washington to Seek Public's Advice on EU Privacy Laws
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Thursday November 5, 1998
This From: Fox News, November 4, 1998
U.S. Negotiators Ask For Public Feedback in Talks With Europe Over Privacy
NEW YORK - Raising the stakes in its talks with Europe over a new privacy
law there, the Commerce Department on Wednesday publicly reaffirmed a
laissez-faire approach toward protecting personal privacy that remains at
odds on key positions taken by European negotiators.
The Commerce Department released a statement for public feedback that
details its basic position in the talks. The talks attempt to resolve deep
differences over a sweeping European privacy measure that has the potential
to disrupt some commerce with the United States.
The law took effect on Oct. 26, but sanctions were suspended while the
talks go on.
U.S. firms from global drug makers to direct marketers doing business in
Europe fear the new directive could bar them from using customers'
confidential information for everything from valuable scientific research
to junk mail, stifling business commerce.
In its position paper, the U.S. reiterated its view that U.S. companies
should not be forced to give people access to personal information about
themselves. In addition, companies should have the option to choose an
independent industry group to police its privacy policies, instead of a
government body, as required by the European law.
"For now, we're trying to get (Europe's) reaction to these principles
themselves,'' said David Aaron, under secretary of Commerce. Aaron said the
United States wants to give companies "safe harbors'' to satisfy privacy
protection demands.
Some experts said the government's seeking of public comment could suggest
that the United States may seek to modify its position if enough people
favor the European approach.
"This is significant because it is the first time that the Commerce
Department has asked for public comment on its negotiating position with
the European Union,'' said Joel Reidenberg, a law professor at Fordham
University and an expert on U.S.-Europe relations.
A Commerce Department spokeswoman said the principles would be posted on
its Web site.
(c) 1998, News America Digital Publishing, Inc. d/b/a Fox Market Wire.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-08 07:05:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Crunch Time for Y2K Suppliers 
Source:  Wired
Crunch Time for Y2K Suppliers
 by Declan McCullagh  4:00 a.m.5.Nov.98.PST
 The phones are already ringing when Steve
 Portela arrives at his office every morning.
 Orders are piling up as they never have before.
 Walton Feed, his bulk food company, doubled
 its workforce this year to 125 people and a new
 warehouse will open in late November.  It isn't enough. Orders placed today won't be
 delivered for six months.  "I'm falling further behind every day," Portela
 complains.  The source of Portela's woes? Widespread
 worries about the Year 2000 computer problem.
 The looming bug has sent thousands of
 Americans scrambling to load up on bulk food,
 generators, solar cells, and gold coins. Some of
 the products, if ordered today, won't arrive on a
 customer's doorstep until spring 1999. And
 delays are expected to grow.  Spikes in demand are nothing new to Portela.
 The Mount St. Helens eruption, the Los Angeles
 riots, and the last major California earthquake all
 spurred people into grabbing their credit cards
 and phoning Walton Feed. From a perch 6,000
 feet up in the Idaho mountains, the company
 has grown into one of the nation's largest bulk
 food suppliers.  But nervous jitters caused by those disruptions
 are peanuts compared to growing fears that Y2K
 will snarl electric power, telecommunications,
 and the banking system.  "Add it all together, and Y2K surpasses
 everything," Portela says.  This time it's not just survivalists stockpiling
 sealed barrels from Walton's extensive selection
 of wheat, rice, and other dried foods.  "It's common everyday folks, people just like
 you," Portela says of his customers. "We're not
 talking about any radical people."  Other food companies have similar bellyaches.  "The demand is amazing -- 99.99 percent of the
 people we deal with are preparing for Y2K," says
 Tamera Toups, office manager for
 Montana-based Peace of Mind Essentials."  Unlike Walton's, Peace of Mind Essentials
 doesn't boast a storeroom full of towering bins of
 grain. Instead, it places orders that are later
 filled by warehouses. Toups estimates volume
 has leapt 500 percent this year.  "If anyone doesn't have an order in by the end of
 April, their chances of getting it before 2000 are
 pretty slim," she said. "The window might be
 even smaller than that." You'll still be able to buy bulk food after next
 April, of course. America Inc., a food exporter,
 has plenty of it. But Walton Feed makes a niche
 product prized by Y2Kers: sealed 50-pound
 drums of food with the oxygen removed, a
 process that delays spoilage and eliminates
 grain-munching critters. A year's supply tips the
 scales at 600 pounds and costs $300, plus
 shipping.  Trying to procure a diesel generator, on the other
 hand, is shaping up to be increasingly difficult.  Loren Day, president of China Diesel Imports,
 spends a good portion of each day puzzling out
 how to crank out more and more generators to
 meet a swell of Y2K orders. Shipments of his
 company's most popular 8,000-watt model are
 already running six months behind.  "Orders are up about 1,000 percent since the
 first of the year," Day says. "And the amount of
 people who will want a generator now is nothing
 compared to the amount of people who will want
 a generator later."  Day, whose 50-person company is the largest
 US distributor of diesel generators, usually sells
 to rural customers who live beyond the reach of
 electric power lines.  "Now with this Y2K thing it's gone crazy," he
 said. He said he now has the both of the world's
 largest generator manufacturers running at near
 capacity to satisfy US demand.  Why don't Y2Kers simply pick up a $500
 gasoline generator at Home Depot or their local
 hardware store? Day believes they're so worried
 about the oft-criticized reliability of the portable
 units, that they're willing to pay diesel prices,
 starting at $1,750.  "The main thing is the longevity and fuel
 economy of the diesel," he said. Diesel fuel is
 an oil, so it keeps longer than gasoline, which
 spoils after a year. Those Y2K consumers who dread running out of
 fuel are also turning to renewable energy.  "We're totally swamped by Y2K," said Laura
 Myers, a sales representative for solar
 equipment distributor Sunelco. "We're beginning
 to see some lead times on some of our
 products. By next spring it's going to be insane."
 Sales at the Hamilton, Montana-based Sunelco
 have tripled because of Y2K, Myers said. She
 predicts that orders placed after next spring
 won't arrive until 2000.  "It's been a huge increase," said Davy Rippner, a
 vice president at Alternative Energy Engineering,
 a California-based firm.  "The things that we're out of and we can't keep
 in stock are the Baygen [hand-cranked] radios
 and the Russian-made hand-dynamo
 flashlights."  Then there are the full-blown home solar
 systems, which start at $3,000 and can range
 up to $30,000.  "A lot of small installers around the country that
 have been struggling to make a living are now
 booked for months in advance," said Karen
 Perez, who publishes Home Power magazine
 with her husband Richard from the couple's
 off-the-grid home outside of Ashland, Oregon.  The Perez family won't do anything to prepare for
 Y2K -- except spend time handling the sharp
 uptick in recent subscriptions to their magazine.
 "We're six miles from the nearest phone and
 power line," she said. "As far as Y2K with us,
 the only thing that I'm planning on doing
 personally is getting a stash of non-hybrid
 seeds."  Non-hybrid seeds are particularly prized by
 Y2Kers who stay up nights worrying that
 potential widespread computer crashes could
 disrupt food distribution. Most hardware store
 seeds are hybrid varieties. They grow well, but
 they can be sterile.  Since seeds from hybrid plants may not
 germinate, some Y2Kers are stockpiling the
 non-hybrid varieties.  "[We've been] getting calls about bulk seeds and
 buying in quantities and packing them for
 storage for some period of time," said Dave
 Smith, vice president of Seeds of Change in
 Santa Fe, New Mexico.  "We definitely think that there will be an
 increase in sales because of this problem."  Burt Blumert doesn't need to speculate. The
 Burlingame, California, company he owns,
 Camino Coin, has seen sales of precious metal
 coins double from last year because of Y2K
 jitters. "It's widespread now," Blumert said.  In May, Blumert began to run ads for a "Y2K Life
 Preserver," a $3,500 collection of coins that
 includes British gold sovereigns, silver dollars,
 and pre-1965 silver dimes and quarters.  He markets the collection as a kind of financial
 Y2K insurance policy, just in case banking
 glitches or more widespread problems call for a
 permanent currency.  "When people buy gold, they're dropping out,"
 he said. "This is the ultimate dropout, when the
 institutions themselves aren't working."  Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-08 07:05:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: TOTALITARIAN TECHNOLOGY 
from:   TOTALITARIAN TECHNOLOGY --
 The Truth is Closer Than Fiction
 ---------------------------------
 By SUSAN BRYCE=20
 Over the last decade, Hollywood has sensitised us to totalitarian
 technology. Block buster movies portray our heroes and heroines
 using the weapons of the new millennium. Militarised police forces
 keep citizens safe; android warrior personnel, part human, part
 robot are gainfully employed as global peacekeepers; prisoners are
 incarcerated in high tech electronic jails, controlled with
 implanted microchips, while the free population is kept under
 surveillance through the use of biometric identity systems.=20
 Science fiction perhaps? Reality yes! Much of what we see on the
 big screen is not the latest fantasy of Hollywood script writers,
 but is based on fact. Any film maker wanting a picture of the
 future need look no further than existing military technology and
 research. =20
 A recent report published by the European Parliament, "An Appraisal
 of the Technologies of Political Control", shows just how far these
 new technologies have come, and how they are being actively
 employed against citizens in countries across the globe.=20
 The report warns of "an overall technological and decision drift
 towards world wide convergence of nearly all the technologies of
 political control", including identity recognition; denial;
 surveillance systems based on neural networks; new arrest and
 restraint methods and the emergence of so called `less lethal'
 weapons.=20
 Developments in surveillance technology, innovations in crowd
 control weapons, new prison control systems, the rise of more
 powerful restraint, torture, killing and execution technologies and
 the role of privatised enterprises in promoting such technologies
 pose a grave threat to our immediate and future freedoms.=20
 Trade in Technologies of Control=20
 Cutting edge developments made by the Western military-industrial
 complex are providing invaluable support to various governments
 throughout the world. The report "Big Brother Incorporated", by
 surveillance watchdog Privacy International, presents a detailed
 analysis of the international trade in surveillance technology. =20
 Privacy International says it is concerned about "the flow of
 sophisticated computer-based technology from developed countries to
 developing countries -- and particularly to non-democratic regimes
 where surveillance technologies become tools of political control." =20
 The international trade in surveillance technology (known as the
 Repression Trade), involves the manufacture and export of
 technologies of political control. More than seventy per cent of
 companies manufacturing and exporting surveillance technology also
 export arms, chemical weapons or military hardware.=20
 The justification advanced by the companies involved in this trade
 is identical to the justification advanced in the arms trade --
 i.e.: that the technology is neutral. Privacy International's view
 is that in the absence of legal protection, the technology can
 never be neutral. =20
 As "Big Brother Incorporated" points out, "even those technologies
 intended for `benign' uses rapidly develop more sinister purposes.
 The UK manufactured `Scoot' traffic control cameras in Beijing's
 Tianamen Square were automatically employed as surveillance cameras
 during the student demonstrations. Images captured from the cameras
 were broadcast over Chinese television to ensure that the
 `offending' students were captured." =20
 Privacy International cites numerous cases where this type of
 technology has been obtained for the express purpose of political
 and social control...=20
    -- ICL (International Computers Limited) provided the
       technological infrastructure to establish the South African
       automated Passbook system, upon which much of the function of
       the apartheid regime depended. =20
    -- In the 1980s Israeli company Tadiram developed and exported
       the technology for the computerised death list used by the
       Guatemalan police. =20
    -- Reported human rights abuses in Indonesia -- particularly
       those affecting East Timor -- would not be possible without
       the strategic and technological support of Western companies.
       Among those companies supplying the Indonesian police and
       military with surveillance and targeting technology are
       Morpho Systems (France), De la Ruue Printak (UK), EEV Night
       Vision (UK), ICL (UK), Marconi Radar and Control Systems
       (UK), Pyser (UK), Siemens Plessey Defense Systems (UK),
       Rockwell International Corporation (USA) and SWS Security
       (USA). =20
 Tools of Repression for 'Democratic' States=20
 We should not forget that the same companies supplying regimes with
 repression technology, also supply `democratic' states with their
 totalitarian tools. =20
 Leutcher Associates Inc. of Massachusetts supplies and services
 American gas chambers, as well as designing, supplying and
 installing electric chairs, auto-injection systems and gallows. The
 Leutcher lethal injection system costs approximately $30,000 and is
 the cheapest system the company sells. Their electrocution systems
 cost =A335,000 and a gallows would cost approximately $85,000. More
 and more US states are opting for Leutcher's $100,000 "execution
 trailer" which comes complete with a lethal injection machine, a
 steel holding cell for an inmate, and separate areas for witnesses,
 chaplain, prison workers and medical personnel. Some companies in
 Europe have even offered to supply gallows.=20
 In the 1970's, J.A. Meyer of the US Defense Department suggested a
 countrywide network of transceivers for monitoring all prisoners on
 parole, via an irremovable transponder implant. The idea was that
 parolees movements could be continuously checked and the system
 would facilitate certain areas or hours to be out of bounds, whilst
 having the economic advantage of cutting down on the costs of
 clothing and feeding the prisoner. If prisoners go missing, the
 police could automatically home in on their last position. =20
 Meyer's vision came into operational use in America in the mid
 1980's, when some private prisons started to operate a transponder
 based parole system. The system has now spread into Canada and
 Europe where it is known as electronic tagging. Whilst the logic of
 tagging is difficult to resist, critics argue that the recipients
 of this technology appear not to be offenders who would have been
 imprisoned, but rather low risk offenders who are most likely to be
 released into the community anyway. Because of this, the system is
 not cheaper since the authorities gain the added expense of
 supplying monitoring devices to offenders who would have been
 released anyway. Electronic tagging is however beneficial to the
 companies who sell such systems. Tagging also has a profitable role
 inside prisons in the US and in some prisons, notably, DeKalb
 County Jail near Atlanta, where all prisoners are bar coded.=20
 'Non-Lethal' Technology of Control=20
 The increasing militarisation of police forces throughout the world
 is reflected in the spread of "less lethal" weapons such as pepper
 gas. Benignly referred to by the media as "capsicum spray", pepper
 gas was recently used by Australian police in the state of Victoria
 to subdue a man. According to media reports, the Victorian police
 also used "a weapon they don't want to disclose". =20
 The effects of pepper gas are far more severe than most people
 realise. It is known to cause temporary blindness, a burning
 sensation of the skin which lasts from 45 to 60 minutes, upper body
 spasms which force a person to bend forward and uncontrollable
 coughing making it difficult to breathe or speak for between 3 to
 15 minutes.=20
 For those with asthma or subject to restraining techniques which
 restrict the breathing passages, there is a risk of death. The Los
 Angeles Times has reported at least 61 deaths associated with
 police use of pepper spray since 1990 in the USA, and the American
 Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has documented 27 deaths in custody of
 people sprayed with pepper gas in California alone, since 1993.=20
 The US Army concluded in a 1993 Aberdeen Proving Ground study that
 pepper spray could cause "Mutagenic effects, carcinogenic effects,
 sensitization, cardiovascular and pulmonary toxicity,
 neuro-toxicity, as well as possible human fatalities." =20
 The existing arsenal of weapons designed for public order and
 control will soon be joined by a second generation of kinetic,
 chemical, optico-acoustic, and microwave weapons, adding to the
 disabling and paralysing technologies already available. Much of
 the initial work on these new technologies has been undertaken in
 US nuclear laboratories such as Oak Ridge, Lawrence Livermore and
 Los Alamos. The European Parliament Report "An Appraisal of the
 Technologies of Political Control" lists a Pandora's box of new
 technologies including:=20
    -- Ultra-sound generators, which cause disorientation, vomiting
       and involuntary defecation, disturbing the ear system which
       controls balance and inducing nausea. The system which uses
       two speakers can target individuals in a crowd. =20
    -- Visual stimulus and illusion techniques such as high
       intensity strobes which pulse in the critical epileptic
       fit-inducing flashing frequency and holograms used to project
       active camouflage. =20
    -- Reduced energy kinetic weapons. Variants on the bean bag
       philosophy which ostensibly will result in no damage (similar
       claims were once made about plastic bullets). =20
    -- New disabling, calmative, sleep inducing agents mixed with
       DMSO which enables the agent to quickly cross the skin
       barrier and an extensive range of pain causing, paralysing
       and foul-smelling area-denial chemicals. Some of these are
       chemically engineered variants of the heroin molecule. They
       work extremely rapidly, one touch and disablement follows.
       Yet one person's tranquillisation may be another's lethal
       dose. =20
    -- Microwave and acoustic disabling systems. =20
    -- Human capture nets which can be laced with chemical irritant
       or electrified to pack an extra disabling punch. =20
    -- Lick `em and stick `em technology such as the Sandia National
       Laboratory's foam gun which expands to between 35-50 times
       its original volume. Its extremely sticky, gluing together
       any target's feet and hands to the pavement. =20
    -- Aqueous barrier foam which can be laced with pepper spray. =20
    -- Blinding laser weapons and isotrophic radiator shells which
       use superheated gaseous plasma to produce a dazzling burst of
       laser like light. =20
    -- Thermal guns which incapacitate through a wall by raising
       body temperature to 107 degrees. =20
    -- Magnetosphere gun which delivers what feels like a blow to
       the head. =20
 "An Appraisal of the Technologies of Political Control" says "we
 are no longer at a theoretical stage with these weapons. US
 companies are already piloting new systems, lobbying hard and where
 possible, laying down potentially lucrative patents." For example,
 last year New Scientist reported that the American Technology
 Corporation (ATC) of Poway, California has used what it calls
 acoustical heterodyning technology to target individuals in a crowd
 with infra-sound to pinpoint an individual 200-300 metres away. The
 system can also project sonic holograms which can conjure audio
 messages out of thin air so just one person hears them. Meanwhile,
 Jane's reported that the US Army Research Laboratory has produced a
 variable velocity rifle for lethal or non lethal use -- a new twist
 to flexible response. Other companies are promoting robots for use
 in riot and prison control.=20
 Advances in Biometric Identification=20
 Through the inevitability of gradualness, repression technology, in
 the form of biometric identity systems, is permeating our every day
 life. Biometry involves using a physical characteristic such as a
 fingerprint, palm print, iris or retina scan to identify
 individuals. These unique identity charact-eristics are digitally
 stored on a computer system for verification. This way, the
 identity of each person can be compared to the stored original.
 Christians will be interested to note that with biometric systems,
 the original print is stored not as a `picture' but as an
 algorithm. The number of your name will be literally in your hand
 (thumb print) or in your forehead (eyes).=20
 Biometric identification is not something that we just see at the
 movies. It is here, it is with us now. Governments in Australia,
 the USA and the UK are planning its widespread introduction by
 2005. =20
 Both the Dutch and Australian public rejected plans for a national
 information and identification scheme en masse several years ago,
 but have reacted more passively to equally intrusive (but less
 blatant) schemes in the 1990's.=20
 Uses of the Social Security Number in the USA, the Social Insurance
 Number in Canada, the Tax File Number in Australia, the SOFI Number
 in the Netherlands and the Austrian Social Security Number have
 been extended progressively to include taxation, unemployment
 support, pensioner benefits and, in some cases, health and higher
 education. Functional creep is rampant.=20
 Large scale government computer based schemes have been shown in
 several countries to be much less cost-effective than was
 originally estimated. Years after the governments of the United
 States and Australia developed schemes to match public sector data,
 there is still no clear evidence that the strategy has succeeded in
 achieving its goals. The audit agencies of both federal governments
 have cast doubt that computer matching schemes deliver savings. =20
 A nationwide survey by Columbia University last year reported that
 83% of people approve of the use of finger imaging. Biometrics is
 being embraced on a global scale. The Australian company,
 Fingerscan, a subsidiary of Californian based Identix Inc, recently
 won one of the biggest bank contracts for biometric security in the
 world. Fingerscan is working with the Bank of Central Asia in
 Jakarta, Indonesia to replace numeric passwords for employees at
 5000 branches with fingerprint based system access.=20
 Fingerscan also has the world's largest application of biometrics
 in the servicing of automated teller machines. In conjunction with
 contractor Armaguard, which services ATMs for Australian banks,
 many ATMs are now unlocked by the representative's fingerprint. The
 representative brings a portable scanning device that plugs into
 the back of the ATM and connects the bank's server which grants him
 or her admittance. =20
 The US government has a deadline of 1999 to implement electronic
 benefits processing for welfare recipients, but this may be delayed
 to accommodate biometrics, which is currently being piloted in five
 American states. The Australian government will introduce a
 biometric identity system for welfare recipients by 2005.=20
 Blue Cross and Blue Shield in the USA have plans to introduce
 nationwide fingerprinting for hospital patients. This may be
 extended into other medical applications. The Jamaican Government
 is planning to introduce electronic thumb scanning to control
 elections. Social Security verification using biometrics is used in
 Spain and South Africa. In 1994, the UK Department of Social
 Security developed a proposal to introduce a national
 identification card, which recommended a computerised database of
 the hand-prints of all 30 million people receiving government
 income assistance. =20
 Big Brother's International Network of Surveillance=20
 Biometric identification is the technology of today and the future.
 It is not a matter of if, but when, a global network of computers
 will link all stored biometric images in a central location,
 managed by a collective of international authorities. =20
 In 1994, under the leadership of US Centre for Strategic and
 International Studies (CSIS), a consortium of the world's leading
 companies formed the Global Information Infrastructure Commission
 (GIIC). Headed by the president of Mitsubishi, the chair of EDS,
 and the vice chair of Siemens Corporation, the GIIC intends to
 create a conglomerate of interests powerful enough to subsume
 government interest in the regulation of biometric and other
 technologies. The effort is being funded to a large extent by the
 World Bank.=20
 Governments in 26 countries are, at this moment, monitoring and
 cooperating with project FAST (Future Automated Screening for
 Travelers). FAST was first piloted in 1993 by US immigration
 authorities when a new lane at New York's John F. Kennedy airport
 was opened. The technology for the system is known as INPASS
 (Immigration and Natur-alization Service Passenger Accelerated
 Service System) which is a biometric identification system used to
 expedite passengers through customs at international airports in as
 little as 20 seconds.=20
 Applicants for registration with FAST are interviewed, and identity
 confirmed. Hand prints are taken, converted to a template and
 stored digitally on a smart card. Once the last of five green
 lights appear at the tips of the fingers, the glass exit door opens
 and the passenger continues to the baggage claim and customs zone.
 The system is currently a voluntary trial for frequent travellers
 to and from the USA who are US or Canadian nationals. =20
 With new technology, travelers can rest assured that their security
 is always in good hands. The US Militech Corporation has developed
 a Passive Millimeter Wave Imaging system, which can scan people
 from up to 12 feet away and see through clothing to detect
 concealed items such as weapons, packages and other contraband.
 Variations of this through-clothing human screening are under
 development by companies such as the US Raytheon Corporation, and
 will be an irresistible addition to international airports
 everywhere.=20
 Once upon a time, surveillance was targeted at certain groups and
 individuals. In our time, surveillance occurs en masse. Much of the
 `harmless' computer based technology necessary for our daily lives
 could actually be used to keep the entire population under
 surveillance. =20
 Telephone systems lend themselves to a dual role as a national
 interceptions network, according to "An Appraisal of the
 Technologies of Political Control". For example, the message
 switching system used on digital exchanges like System X in the UK,
 supports an Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN) Protocol.
 This allows digital devices, e.g. faxes, to share the system with
 existing lines. The ISDN subset is defined in their documents as
 "Signaling CCITT"-series interface for ISDN access. =20
 What is not widely known is that built-in to the international
 CCITT protocol is the ability to take phones `off hook' and listen
 into conversations occurring near the phone, without the user being
 aware that it is happening. This effectively means that a national
 dial up telephone tapping capacity is built into these systems from
 the start. Further, the digital technology required to pinpoint
 mobile phone users for incoming calls means that all mobile phones
 in a country when activated, are mini-tracking devices.=20
 The issues surrounding the uncontrolled and unregulated spread of
 tyrannical technology are immediate and ongoing. The technologies
 of repression that are trialed in so-called non-democratic
 countries are now being aggressively marketed in the West, while
 Hitler's Germany becomes a vague memory. It is up to us to do what
 ever we can to stop the insidious spread of this technology, and to
 demand the right to choose whether we participate in the biometric
 system or not. We should ask ourselves... who will heed our cry for
 help once these technologies are fully implemented? =20
 REFERENCES=20
 Davies, Simon, "Touching Big Brother", Information Technology
 People, Vol 7, No 4, 1994=20
 Elllerman, Sarah, "The Rise of Tempest", Internet Underground
 Magazine, June 1996.=20
 European Parliament, Scientific and Technical Operations
 Assessment, 1998, "An Appraisal of Technologies of Political
 Control", available at  Jane's US Military R & D, "Human Computer Interface, Vol 1, Issue 3
 1997=20
 O'Sullivan, Olara, "Biometrics comes to Life",
  Privacy International, 1995, "Big Brother Incorporated",
  US Scientific Advisory Board, "New World Vistas", the proceedings
 of Fiftieth Anniversary Symposium of the USAF SAB, November 10,
 1994, (republished by International Committee for the Convention
 Against Offensive Microwave Weapons).=20
 Susan Bryce is an investigative journalist and researcher whose
 interests include issues which affect individual freedom,
 environmental health, surveillance technology and global politics.
 She can be contacted c/- Mapleton Post Office, QLD 4560
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-08 05:53:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.14: Anonymous eCash Provider-DigiCash-Files Chapter 11 
ISPI Clips 6.14: Anonymous eCash Provider-DigiCash-Files Chapter 11
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday November 6, 1998
This From: CNET News.com, November 4, 1998
DigiCash Files Chapter 11
Tim Clark, timc
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
Electronic-cash pioneer DigiCash [  ] said today
it's filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection after shrinking its
payroll to about six people from nearly 50 in February.
The company, which has been running off a bridge loan from its venture
capital investors since June, is seeking new investors from established
financial institutions or a buyer for its software technology. The
company's operations in the Netherlands, where it was founded, were
liquidated in September.
"To really launch and brand something like this in the Internet space is
likely to take a fair amount more capital," said Scott Loftesness,
DigiCash's interim CEO since August. "It's more appropriate for strategic
investors, corporate players or banks themselves as a consortium model."
Electronic-cash schemes have found difficult sledding recently. First
Virtual Holdings
[  ], which had a form of e-cash, exited the
business in July. CyberCash's [  ] CyberCoin
offering hasn't really caught on. Digital Equipment, now part of Compaq
Computer [  ] is testing its Millicent electronic
cash, and IBM [  ] is in early trials for a product
called Minipay.
Under bankruptcy laws, DigiCash's Chapter 11 filing allows the company to
continue operations, while keeping its creditors at bay as the company
reorganizes. Most of DigiCash's $4 million in debt is owed to its initial
venture capital financiers who extended the bridge loan, August Capital
 ], Applied Technology, and Dutch investment firm
Gilde Investment.
DigiCash's eCash allows consumers to make anonymous payments of any
amount--and anonymity differentiates eCash against other e-cash schemes.
DigiCash's intellectual property assets include patents, protocols, and
software systems that also could be used for applications, like online
electronic voting or private scrip issued by a particular retailer.
DigiCash suffered a setback in September when the only U.S. bank offering
its scheme, Mark Twain Bank, dropped the offering. But a number of major
banks in Europe and Australia offer or are testing DigiCash's electronic
Also in September, DigiCash closed its Dutch operations and liquidated its
assets there.
Loftesness said DigiCash has a list of 35-40 potential partners, and he has
been talking to players like IBM for months. He expects to resolve
DigiCash's status in the next five months.
"Everybody feels anonymous e-cash is inevitable, but the existing situation
was not going to get there from here," said Loftesness, who is frustrated
by potential partners telling him, "This is absolutely strategic, but
unfortunately it's not urgent."
The company was founded by David Chaum and was well-known in the Internet's
earliest days. MIT Media Labs' Nicholas Negroponte is a director of
Copyright (c) 1995-98 CNET, Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-08 07:09:21
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.17: FCC Accepting Comments on Mandatory Cell Phone Tracking 
ISPI Clips 6.17: FCC Accepting Comments on Mandatory Cell Phone Tracking
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday November 6, 1998
Part One:
This From: Coalition for Constitutional Liberties, Weekly Update for
                    Volume I, Number 37
Comment Period for CALEA Wiretapping Regulations Announced
The Federal Communications Commission announced this week that it would
be accepting comments in response to its Notice of Proposed Rule Making
until December 14th. The Commission proposed requiring cellular and
other wireless phone companies to track the location of their customers,
identifying the cell site at the beginning and end of every call. Weekly
Update readers and organizations are encouraged to submit their written
comments to the FCC:
Federal Communications Commission
1919 M St.
Washington, DC 20554
Re: Docket # 97-213
The Center for Democracy and Technology has set up a website for those
interested in filing comments: Part Two:
This From: The Center for Democracy and Technology, October 28, 1998
FCC PROPOSES LOCATION TRACKING FOR WIRELESS PHONES
As the FBI has realized, new communications technology can be designed in
ways that vastly increase the potential for government surveillance.
Cellular and other wireless phones can generate information that can be
used to locate individuals even if they aren't suspected of a crime.
The FCC, with urging from the FBI, is considering a proposal to use your
cellphone as a personal tracking device. This unprecedented attack on your
privacy must be opposed.
Cellular phones have become integral to many peoples' lives. Over fifty
million ordinary Americans carry cellular phones with them as they go about
their daily activities. Cellular phones are far more closely linked to an
individual than are wireline phones. In essense, a cellular phone can
become a tracking device, revealing to the government far more about your
whereabouts, your associations, and your activities than the government can
learn about you from the fact that your home phone was used to make a call
a particular time of day.
In 1994, when this topic was being debated in Congress, FBI Director Freeh
testified that location information was not mandated by law. FBI Director
Freeh testified that the law, "does not include any information which might
disclose the general location of a mobile facility or service."
Congress wanted to protect privacy, and took the FBI at its word that it
would not seek to use cellphones as citizen tracking devices.
Now the FCC, with urging from the FBI, is proposing to rewrite the law,
requiring location information as part of a nationwide surveillance
capability. This will allow the FBI to use your cellphone as a personal
tracking device.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-08 07:05:43
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Discover Alien Life With Your PC And SETI 
****Discover Alien Life With Your PC And SETI
 TOKYO, JAPAN, 1998 NOV 5 (Newsbytes) -- By Martyn Williams, Newsbytes.
The SETI project, which hopes to harness the idle processing power
of thousands of desktop personal computers to help in the search for
intelligent life in the universe, is back on track with an April 1999
launch date.
The project was launched in mid 1997 and was scheduled to begin
operations early this year (Newsbytes, August 18, 1997) but the launch
was delayed after funding problems slowed research and development
work. Now, with new funding and hardware donated by Sun Microsystems,
the project is back on track.
Hoping to attract the millions of computer users that believe in the
existence of intelligent life in space, the project will be based
around a special screensaver. Like any screensaver, the software kicks
in when you aren't using your PC but unlike other software, the
SETI application won't present you with a banal selection of
flying windows of swimming fish.
Instead, it will be doing something much more useful: analyzing radio
frequency spectrum data captured by the Arecibo radio telescope in
Puerto Rico. The analysis is searching for a signal out of all the
noise from space - a signal that may reveal the existence of
intelligent life.
The project team estimates that once 50,000 PCs are enrolled in the
project, the SETI program will rival other similar SETI (search
for extraterrestrial intelligence) programs that are looking for
signals from space and may turn up signals that would otherwise be
The program works like this: data is collected from SERENDIP, a SETI
project based at UC Berkeley, on magnetic tape and transferred to
SETI servers. This data is then distributed to participating PC
users as they log onto the Internet and the data is analyzed on their
PCs. Once finished, the results are returned to the project servers via
the Internet.
First tests of the system, with 100 volunteers, has just begun and
the project hopes to make available the first generation SETI
screensavers in April 1999. These will be available for Windows, Apple
and Unix based platforms.
What's in it for the user? Apart from helping science, the team says,
"There's a small but captivating possibility that your computer will
detect the faint murmur of a civilization beyond Earth."
For more information on the project, how to offer your spare computer
capacity and how to donate money, check the SETI Web page at
 . Numerous foreign language versions
of the page are also available.
Reported By Newsbytes News Network, (19981105/WIRES ONLINE/)
News provided by COMTEX.
[!BUSINESS] [!HIGHTECH] [!INFOTECH] [!PUBLIC+COMPANIES] [!WALL+STREET]
[COMPUTER] [HARDWARE] [INTERNET] [JAPAN] [MONEY] [NBY] [NEWS] [NEWSGRID]
[PUERTO+RICO] [RADIO] [RESEARCH] [SCIENCE] [SOFTWARE] [TOKYO]
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-08 16:39:08
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Advertising Creepiness 
I like the wired.com site and hit it almost daily. I consider
it one of the highest quality sites on the net, and their
system of linking to other daily articles on other sites
I really like. (wish they would summarize their articles
better though before you click through-- something that
they have resisted for a long time but for what reason
I have no idea)
I do look at banner ads but rarely click on them.
regrding copyright issues on the web, there is an
interesting article in an old CUD called "the cyberspatial
copyright" that captures my own thinking on the subject,
for anyone with the lack of laziness to seek it out it would have been nice if Declan identified his affiliation
with Wired in his complaint.. a nice post TCM, you have written on the idea of
the worthlessness of banner ads long ago. but you've
been way wrong too (er, ah, more diplmatically, "off")
based on your old posts. I recall a post, I think, in which
you predicted that ads would eventually be thrown away on the net after proven worthless.  your current
msg contains a similar theme.
the absolute opposite has happened. ads are successfully
funding the net and entire new cool and innovative
startups such as "doubleclick" etc. that are in many
ways "virtual businesses" that run on information flow.
3rd wave, alvin toffler, is definitely HERE.
TCM, you appear never to have worked in advertising.
advertisers do not put out ads so that every person
who reads it buys the product or clicks on the ad.
they are satisfied with 1/100 "click thrus", and that's
exactly what they get. online advertising is very,very
cost effective if done properly. it can really be
"microtargeted" in a way existing advertising isn't.
so TCM, you are confusing two issues. advertising in
general is annoying, ubiquitous, in-your-face in our
culture. some estimates are that 1000+ ads are seen daily
by each individual when you look at tv, magazine, outdoor,
etc.   online advertising shares all these traits. however, online advertising does not have to be a miracle cure.
it only has to be as good (but idealy better) than *existing* advertising systems
in use. and they are very inefficient and wasteful at times
if you are aware of that industry. online advertising is
downright streamlined compared to other forms that have
preceded it.
consider the breakthrough of geocities in which entire free
*personal* (not corporate!!)
web sites are supported by advertising solely!! geocities is
a small cyberspace miracle unappreciated by many. they are growing
insanely and their quality is getting to be really top notch.
I think online advertsiing is really cool because it is funding
the civilization of cyberspace. it's annoying and tacky and
in-your-face, but it pays the bills, and is doing more so
every day. it will get less obnoxious over time in some ways
as you begin to run into only the ads that interest you based
on "microtargeting" so to speak. you buy stuff, right TCM?
well online ads may get to the point where you stop complaining
and find them a very valuable resource to make your buying
decisions--even objectively (for example an ad could link
to an objective 3rd part like "consumer reports"). I think this day is not too far off. in many ways it is already

@_date: 1998-11-10 06:24:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
country have let it get out of control for many decades.
the idea that "someone else handles that stuff" has infected
our consciousness. govt is something WE handle if we want
a good one. if you want something done right, do it yourself.
cpunks actually contribute to this problem with their nihilistic
philosophy in general. the msg is that it is a waste of time
to engage in group activity or political discourse or lobbying
against the govt or organization or *whatever*... it's actually
just a variant on the sheeple passivity. sheeple are like, "that's
not my job". cpunks are like, "it is a waste of time and energy
to do that job". what's the difference in the end??
the govt can be turned around very, very quickly if the public
stops sucking down sixpacks and being hypnotized by meaningless
dribble of sporting events and sitcoms that parade endlessly
across their nanosecond attention span. maybe they might read
even more than a comic book or pornographic magazine some day.
the political class *intentionally* created this bread and
circus atmosphere and are hiding behind the scenes as we
speak. no dorothy do not look at the man behind the curtain.
some new books are encouraging signs. "secrecy" by moynihan. there
is a new book on the "third party" or something like that which
proposes a new political party, and is selling very well on
amazon. a new book by gerry spence lawyer talks about how the
u.s. population is enslaved. the material is there for those
who seek it. "when the student is ready the teacher will appear"

@_date: 1998-11-10 06:41:17
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: NSA Threatens To "OUT" Republicans Over Hubbell Investigation 
President Clinton has tried to avoid the subject of encryption
exports to China while considering the release of Israeli
crypto-spy Jonathan Pollard.  Yet, encryption has played a large
role in a foreign donation scandal with one of Clinton's closest
associates, Webster Hubbell.
After losing at the polls, Republican insiders are grumbling
that they could not investigate Hubbell because the secret
National Security Agency (NSA) is threatening to retaliate
against hill members.
Webster Hubbell took money from Lippo in 1994.  Mr. Hubbell
served time in Federal prison because of his Whitewater
uncovered during Ken Starr's investigation.  In 1993, Attorney General Janet Reno tasked Mr. Hubbell to
encryption under the CLIPPER encryption chip project.  Hubbell
had access to highly classified materials on encryption chip
design, including algorithms and software.  Hubbell met often in
the White House with now CIA Director George Tenet on the
CLIPPER project.
According to a Republican Capitol Hill staff member the "NSA
does not want Hubbell investigated."  The NSA has quietly
threatened to "out any congressional member like (Congressman)
Burton" who mentions Hubbell with encryption and China.
The NSA threat is not a hollow one because the agency is
certainly equipped with incriminating and/or embarrassing
personal information gathered from years of phone intercepts.
The NSA is the prime listening agency for national intelligence.
The NSA is equipped with satellites, super computers, employs an
estimated 25,000 and has a budget estimated to be one third of
the $26 billion U.S. intelligence budget each year.
John Huang, Ron Brown and Web Hubbell were deeply involved in
classified NSA encryption systems.  Specifically, John Huang,
Lippo banker, DNC fundraiser and secret-cleared Commerce
employee was briefed 37 times by the CIA on satellite encryption
technology.  According to the Commerce Department, Mr. Huang had
no encryption materials.
CLIPPER, according to secret Clinton documents, was to be
implemented by law whether it by "mandatory" legislation or a
"voluntary" system of taxpayer backed payments.  The CLIPPER
chip, according to a secret FBI document, also had an
"exploitable" feature allowing the U.S. government to monitor
The NSA CLIPPER chip was intended to provide all the banking and
financial security for the entire United States.  It was to be
required in every computer, fax and phone manufactured.
According to more secret FBI documents, CLIPPER also had one big
flaw.  A single penetration of the master key list would
compromise the entire system.
Ron Brown insisted that the Commerce Department be one of the
master CLIPPER key holders.  President Clinton tasked Brown to
the project in 1993 in a top-secret executive order.  According
to Nolinda Hill, Brown was aware that the encryption transfers
to China were bordering on treason.  NASA administrator Benita Cooper wrote in 1993 that "compromise
of the NSA keys, such as in the Walker case, could compromise
the entire EES (CLIPPER) system."  Ms. Cooper at NASA knew
convicted spy John Walker sent tons of materials on U.S. secret
code systems to Russia for years during the Cold War.  One
breach of CLIPPER in a NASA computer could kill many and ruin
the agency.
In 1994 President Clinton began personally authorizing the
export of advanced, nuclear hardened, encryption technology
directly to communist China.  The exports took place with
presidential waivers that included the signature of Bill
Clinton.  They also took place using loopholes and bureaucratic
gray areas of U.S. export law.
The Clinton exports included such military items as advanced
fiber optic communications; radiation hardened encrypted
satellite control systems, encrypted radios and cellular phones,
and encrypted navigation systems.  According to the GAO,
President Clinton even approved the sale of a fully operational,
secure air traffic control system for the Chinese Air Force.
The failure of the NSA CLIPPER project is already a blot on the
secret agency based at Ft. Meade.  The possibility that Chinese
agents penetrated the NSA project would bring encryption to the
forefront of public debate and shine intense light on an inept
intelligence agency.
The seemingly crazy Clinton policy shows our President to be
crazy like a fox.  Clinton did what Pollard and Walker could not
do.  President Clinton sold national security secrets for cash
by writing his own legal waivers.  Clinton's secret crypto policy served to line the pockets of
politicians and greedy corporate executives with red money.  The
Clinton export policy has significantly upgraded the nuclear
strategic and tactical firepower of the Chinese Army.  Clinton,
like Walker and Pollard, sold military code secrets for cash.
America knows more about AREA-51 and UFOs than Ft. Meade and
Webster Hubbell.  Bill Clinton and his China crypto-tale will
never be declassified for the American people.  The Clinton
scandal cover-up is backed by the NSA library of greatest
intercepts against Republicans.
Information on CLIPPER, Ron Brown and Vince Foster - 1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
SOFTWAR               softwar
Pcyphered SIGNATURE:
SOFTWAR EMAIL NEWSLETTER                            11/08/1998
***  to unsubscribe reply with "unsubscribe" as subject    ***
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-10 06:33:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force (fwd) 
mail fwder seemed to have messed up my msg line here is a repost:
Jim: the govt is the way it is because the sheeple of this
country have let it get out of control for many decades.
the idea that "someone else handles that stuff" has infected
our consciousness. govt is something WE handle if we want
a good one. if you want something done right, do it yourself.
cpunks actually contribute to this problem with their nihilistic
philosophy in general. the msg is that it is a waste of time
to engage in group activity or political discourse or lobbying
against the govt or organization or *whatever*... it's actually
just a variant on the sheeple passivity. sheeple are like, "that's
not my job". cpunks are like, "it is a waste of time and energy
to do that job". what's the difference in the end??
the govt can be turned around very, very quickly if the public
stops sucking down sixpacks and being hypnotized by meaningless
dribble of sporting events and sitcoms that parade endlessly
across their nanosecond attention span. maybe they might read
even more than a comic book or pornographic magazine some day.
the political class *intentionally* created this bread and
circus atmosphere and are hiding behind the scenes as we
speak. no dorothy do not look at the man behind the curtain.
some new books are encouraging signs. "secrecy" by moynihan. there
is a new book on the "third party" or something like that which
proposes a new political party, and is selling very well on
amazon. a new book by gerry spence lawyer talks about how the
u.s. population is enslaved. the material is there for those
who seek it. "when the student is ready the teacher will appear"

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:19:25
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: How to solve the tax problem w/o anarchy or force 
the distinction between govt and business is sometimes an
arbitrary one. for example govt agencies typically contract
with private companies to perform govt services. a massive
example of this is the defense industry. what I would tend
to propose is a system where this is augmented and finetuned
to the point the govt become a very efficient sorting mechanism
for channeling money to businesses that are the most efficient.
a very interesting combination of the ideas of free market and
govt service.
AB, I disagree that people would opt out of virtually all govt
services. bzzzzzzzt. think of things like trash collection etc.
I do believe the vast majority of things the govt does would
tend to stay there even if people had a choice.
the big libertarian question is, as you raise it: should people
have to pay for things they don't want. well consider things like
roads, police or fire protection, or the court system. what if you don't pay, but then dial
911 anyway? or you dial 911 and they ask for your credit card
first?    it really does seem to me like there is a legitimate
role for a certain amount of money to be collected for govt
service. imho it is far, far less than whatis being collected
today. if taxes were 5-10% people wouldn't give as much a damn
about the govt and how it worked. it's because taxes are so high
that people are screeching more. screeching but not acting, as
libertarians tend to be awfully realistic some times. who pays for
roads when everyone uses them? but I'm definitely into the basic
libertarian ideas.

@_date: 1998-11-11 05:21:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: NPR is at it again... 
like hotmail and yahoo mail??? these are *awesome* remailers. I picked
up a yahoo mail account recently and am blown away with all the *FEATURES*!!
separate folders, filtering, external mailboxes support through POP,
binary attachments, my gosh!!!!! my cup runneth over, for free, TOTALLY
ANONYMOUS   check it out cpunks, a cpunk wet dream!!
trust me on this one, it's not going away. it's a LUCRATIVE
business worth millions a year.
there was a recent conference under a year ago (or more, maybe I can't
remember) by the AAAS (am. assoc. adv. science) on anonymity with
academics/papers/talks and everything. did anyone check that out?
do they have a web page???
and stop twitching your ganglia, it's really creepy!!!

@_date: 1998-11-11 06:09:58
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Free Speech Closed 
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-11 06:08:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IPINFO: Re: IP: Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Free Speech Closed 
NOTICE TO LISTEES:
If you are forwarding materials to the IP list that include URLs, *PLEASE*
check them for accuracy before posting.
The above "story" is either a spoof of satire, or else an incorrect URL was
given to accompany the article.  If you access the link above you DO NOT
find a story about free speech, but rather, the material below.  If
materials you send are not factual but are humorous or satirical in nature,
please note that for the readers so we don't have a bunch of unfounded
rumors floating around about new draconian measures that were actually only
jokes to begin with.  If there is a real story about Clinton's opposition
to free speech, someone please send the correct URL.  Here is the REAL
story that accompanies the link above:
Saturday November 7 12:46 PM ET Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Gun Law Closed
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Clinton directed his government Saturday
to find a way to close a legal loophole that allows dealers to sell guns at
gun shows with no questions asked.
In his weekly radio address, Clinton said a ``dangerous trend'' is emerging
at gun shows because the Brady handgun control law permits some firearms to
be sold without background checks at these shows.
``Some of these gun shows have become illegal arms bazaars for criminals
and gun traffickers looking to buy and sell guns on a cash-and-carry,
no-questions-asked basis,'' Clinton said. He directed Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin and Attorney General Janet Reno
to report back to him in 60 days with a plan to close the loophole and
prohibit any gun sale without a background check.
``I believe this should be the law of the land: No background check, no
gun, no exceptions,'' Clinton said.
In a fact sheet, the White House said that every year about 5 million
people attend an estimated 5,000 gun shows at convention centers, school
gyms and on fairgrounds.
The Brady law requires a five-day waiting period for gun purchasers in
order for a background check. On Nov. 30, the FBI's National Instant
Criminal Background Check System is set to take effect to allow quicker
checks and approve gun sales within minutes.
In addition, on Nov. 30 the law will be strengthened in two ways: purchases
of all firearms, not just handguns, will be subject to Brady background
checks as will pawnshop redemptions, which are four times as likely to
involve a prohibited purchase.
Overall, the White House said, it is estimated that the number of
background checks conducted nationally will increase from 4 million to
between 10 and 12 million.
Unregulated sales at gun shows were ``an open invitation to criminals,''
said Sarah Brady, who chairs Handgun Control Inc. The Brady law was named
after her husband, James Brady, who was wounded in an attack on President
Ronald Reagan in 1981.
California and Maryland regulate ``flea market'' gun sales, said Brady.
Florida voters passed a constitutional amendment Tuesday giving counties
the power to require a waiting period and a background check for sales at
gun shows and other public places.   Copyright (c) 1998 Reuters Limited. To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-13 09:27:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.28: Wiretapping Internet Phone Lines 
ISPI Clips 6.28: Wiretapping Internet Phone Lines
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Wednesday November 11, 1998
This From: WIRED News, November 10, 1998
Wiretapping Internet Phone Lines
Declan McCullagh
A federal wiretapping law designed to let police snoop on telephone calls
could have profound implications for companies that offer Internet phone
service. Then again, it might not affect them at all.
The 1994 Digital Telephony law, which requires telecommunications companies
to wire surveillance technology into their networks, could force Internet
telephony firms to configure their systems to be easily wiretapped by law
enforcement agencies. A Federal Communications Commission official, who
declined to be identified, said the FCC is trying to decide how the law
should apply to IP telephony and what types of Internet phone calls should
be covered.
In a report
 ]
released Thursday, the FCC said the law applies to "packet-switching
technology" that is "used to provide telecommunications services."
"It's a major issue that has to be sorted out," said James Dempsey, senior
staff counsel for the Center for Democracy and Technology. "What side of
the line does Internet telephony fall on? [Companies] should definitely
wake up and pay attention."
The wiretapping law, also known as the Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act, or CALEA, gave the FCC the authority to set standards and
timetables. The agency said in September that companies must comply with
CALEA by 30 June 2000.
The FCC has tentatively ruled that IP telephony using computers is an
"information service" and, therefore, not covered by CALEA.
But the agency has also said that phone-to-phone IP telephony falls into
the category of
[  ]telecommu
nications services. That category includes firms like IDT and Qwest, which
allow long-distance customers to phone a local gateway and forward those
calls over the Internet to a gateway at the other end.
"I think, fundamentally, this is one of the sleeper issues that is going to
be affecting the Internet telephony industry into the year 2000 and
beyond," said Jeff Pulver, co-founder of the VON Coalition
 ].
"We all need to be aware of what the legal issues are," Pulver said. "I'm
all for what I call 'intelligent regulation.' If we need to comply, then
damn it, we should comply. Ignorance is no excuse."
"Internet telephony will eventually be included in CALEA," said Alyson
Ziegler, director of legislative affairs for the United States Telephone
Association [  ] "It's a matter of time."
CALEA's backers say the law was designed to allow authorities to monitor
conversations surreptitiously on digital phone lines just as they are now
able to tap into analog phone lines. But privacy advocates oppose the
measure, arguing that it expands the government's surveillance power.
"This is something we've been warning about for years, that the convergence
between these technologies will make the distinctions originally
contemplated in CALEA ultimately moot," said David Banisar, a lawyer at the
Electronic Privacy Information Center. "CALEA will be applied to the Net
regardless of what the intent of the law actually was."
Even before CALEA became law, indications surfaced that law enforcement
would like it to include the Internet. When asked about that possibility
during a hearing in August 1994, FBI Director Louis Freeh replied, "It's
certainly a possibility -- if, God forbid, someone blows up the World Trade
Tower using a PC to PC network."
Making an already prickly issue even thornier is the fact that some IP
telephony companies use encryption to scramble conversations. NetSpeak, for
example, uses RSA encryption [  ].
If two IP phone customers are using public key cryptography to chat in a
way that even the IP telephony company can't decode, law enforcement agents
are out of luck -- one reason why the FBI has lobbied to ban the
manufacture and distribution of encryption devices without key escrow
Not all companies are complaining about CALEA.
Aplio [  ] CEO Olivier Zitoun believes his company's
products fall into the FCC's definition of computer-to-computer IP
telephony. Aplio sells boxes that can be plugged into normal touch-tone
phones and used to call an Internet provider, which routes calls over the
"We are very different than other phone-to-phone devices or solutions,"
Zitoun said. "In a way, the discussion of IP-telephony regulation doesn't
really apply to us."
Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-13 09:03:58
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] Scanner picks out criminals 
SCAN THIS NEWS
Some people will argue -- after reading the following article -- that
systems designed to electronically "recognize" a face in a crowd will never
be reliable. They will contend: such systems will never be 100% accurate.
Unfortunately, "accuracy" is a very subjective term, and, if the
administrators of these systems,(i.e. the ones who can forcibly apprehend
the "identified" subjects), deem their system accurate, then the burden of
"proving innocence" suddenly becomes that of the accused. At that moment, it
no longer matters whether the system was or was not "accurate" -- you're
under investigation.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, November 11, 1998 3:09 PM
Scanner picks out criminals
TRIALS of a computer system that can recognise criminals and terrorists
begin this week.
 The equipment is to be hidden in an unnamed British airport to see if it
can pick out criminals even if they have grown a beard or are wearing
glasses to hide their identity.
 The system is the first that can produce three-dimensional scans of a face
instantly and then search a database of suspects for a match.
 It has been devised by Cambridge Neurodynamics, which already produces
software that analyses fingerprints and  then searches a database for a
match. Police in South Yorkshire use its software.
 Cambridge Neurodynamics says its facial-recognition project will enable
security officers at Britain's ports and airports to concentrate on people
the computer indicates bear a good likeness to known criminals and
terrorists. The alternative is to rely on trained officers to remember faces
of people on the wanted list.
 George Harpur, a Cambridge Neurodynamics systems consultant working on the
project, says a computer will be  able to store thousands of pictures of
wanted people.
 "It should be like having an extra security officer with the most
incredible memory," he says. "We're not intending to replace immigration
officers but rather give them a tool that can point them towards the people
they are mostly likely to be interested in."
 The system works by taking pictures of a person as he approaches a video
camera. The resulting handful of frames give several two-dimensional
pictures. To add depth to the face, two low-power lasers scan its contours
from either side.
 A computer combines the contour information with the images it has of the
front of the face. It can then build a virtual model of each traveller's
face, which is checked against the database of wanted people.
 "The airport involved in the trial is particularly interested in the
possibility of using the technology to track people who bring in groups of
illegal immigrants," says Harpur. "The computer could be alerted to their
presence and take a 3D scan of their faces when they pass through passport
control. Then the system could track them every time they enter the country
and build up evidence against them."
 The system can also be used to store 3D Photofits of terrorists. Again, it
is most likely to be used to take a 3D scan of suspects when they pass
through its lasers for the first time. The scan would be stored and the
computer would log the suspect's movements.
 Cambridge Neurodynamics says it can build 3D Photofits from ordinary
photographs or video stills but says the system is far more accurate if the
suspects are photographed by the system.
 The team believes 3D scans are necessary because 2D technology can be
fooled. It generally measures the distance between facial features but these
can change with the angle of the head to the camera.
 The new computer system can be fooled only if a suspect has surgery to
change the shape of his face. Criminals who realise they are about to be
scanned and look away or pull a funny face will not trick the computer. It
is geared towards seeking similarities around the eyes, which humans use to
pick out one another and that do not change with expression and age as much
as the rest of the face.
 The airport trial will last six weeks. If the equipment works, the company
will load the software on a powerful workstation computer, rather than a PC,
so searches can be speeded up.
 Cambridge Neurodynamics also plans to approach banks to set up a trial in
which the computer would allow only designated staff into security-sensitive
areas. Eventually, the technology could be used to verify a customer's
identity before he is given money.
Nancy Martin
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-11-13 09:11:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.33: Patent May Threaten E-Privacy 
ISPI Clips 6.33: Patent May Threaten E-Privacy
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Thursday November 12, 1998
This From: WIRED news, November 11, 1998
Patent May Threaten E-Privacy
Chris Oakes, chriso
The future of a key Web standard that would give consumers control over
their online privacy hangs in the balance after news emerged that a
entrepreneur will likely be awarded a set of patents on the technology.
The technology, the Platform for Privacy Preferences (P3P) is critical to
the Internet industry's current effort to show the US government that it
can look after the interests of consumers. The specification was to be used
in the next versions of America Online, Netscape Communicator, Microsoft
Internet Explorer, and many other software products and Web sites.
"If somebody owns [P3P], they can prevent other people from using it," said
Deirdre Mulligan, staff counsel for the Center for Democracy and
"We put all this work into something that works, then who knows if it's
going to get out there."
At the core of the issue is one man, Drummond Reed, CEO of Intermind. Reed
said that the US Patent and Trademark Office is expected to issue his
company a patent on the idea of P3P.
Intermind [  ] was, until July, a member of the
standards group that is collectively developing P3P. He resigned when word
spread among the members that he would likely be awarded patents on
technologies affecting a broad category of "automated information exchange
using software objects."
That sounds very much like P3P. The standard is meant to provide a way for
consumers and the Web sites they visit to automatically negotiate what can
and can't be done with any personal data collected by a site. The
technology would reside within both Web browsers and Web sites.
On a document [  ]
on the Intermind Web site, Reed said that his company would request a
minimum royalty of US$50,000 per year to a maximum of $2.5 million from
companies implementing P3P, plus 1 percent of all revenues directly
associated with the technology.
Both Microsoft and Netscape declined to comment for this story.
"P3P is the nuclear weapon of privacy," said Matt Markus, chief architect
and cofounder of Privacy Bank, a company developing an automatic
registration service that safeguards a user's privacy.
Privacy Bank shifted its company strategy to lessen its dependence on P3P.
Markus said he expects the patent will be revoked.
"[The patent] is going to hurt young companies who want to help develop the
solution," Markus said. "It is the snake in the grass, a complete surprise,
it would really shoot the morale at my company if I was depending on
[P3P]," he said.
Reed acknowledges that some working group members want "to just crucify
us" -- but he says his company has been up-front from the beginning that it
has held intellectual property rights pertaining to P3P and other Web
standards relating to "push" technology.
"We have been in communication with the [Consortium] and working group
members pretty much from the start," Reed said. "We've been in constant
communication with W3C management and key member companies involved in this
P3P is not yet a final standard, but progress in the World Wide Web
Consortium working group has slowed since news of the pending patent seeped
out in July, according to Steve Lucas, chief information officer for an
Excite division that has been developing P3P-based software.
"There are ways of working around P3P," he said. These include custom-made
variations on the protocol that circumvent elements covered by the patent,
and shifting work toward an older protocol known as the Open Profiling
Lucas said companies are going ahead with work on P3P. But they are
simultaneously making contingency plans should the patent have a stifling
If Drummond's pending patents stand, the thousands of companies doing
business on the Internet could face new laws designed to protect the
interests of consumers. The Federal Trade Commission, which would recommend
such laws, has given the industry until the end of this year to demonstrate
that it can "self-regulate," and P3P is key to that plan.
"Some combination of the [P3P and Open Profiling Standard] technologies may
be a more transparent way to protect consumers privacy," David Medine, an
associate director at the Commission told Wired News earlier this year.
Daniel Weitzner, who oversees the development of P3P at the World Wide Web
Consortium, insists P3P development is still on track, but echoed the same
"If anyone succeeds in extracting big licensing fees for P3P
implementations, that would hamper the availability of the technology," he
conceded. "Really the question turns on what happens with that patent."
But working on ways to perform privacy negotiations without a standard
presents a big obstacle to the industry.
"Not having a standard everybody can agree on does create some
interoperability problems," Lucas said.
"This is a collaborative process about trying to develop socially useful
protocols and now we have somebody walking away and saying they own it,"
added working group member Mulligan of the Center for Democracy and
Weitzner said the issue now is not who said what when but what to do once
the patents are issued. He declined to comment on the possibility of
mistakes made in the past by W3C management.
"The issue is whether or not the patent is valid, not who told what to whom
or when," Weitzner said. "The concern I hear is about the attack on
openness, not the timing."
That issue -- how a patent might affect a Web standard -- is a new one for
the W3C.
"Our members have not had to face this issue because no one has had to try
to stand in the way of openness in a way that Intermind appears to be
doing...." The question now is "whether or not they're going to be able to
hold up a standard that has a potentially significant social impact."
James Glave contributed to this report.
Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-13 09:00:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: World's biggest hard drive 
WORLD'S BIGGEST DISK DRIVE
     To mark the centenary of magnetic recording, IBM today unveiled the
largest (25gb) hard drive yet produced for PCs. It's shipping limited
numbers to PC makers for use in machines that will be ready for Christmas.
IBM introduced the first disk drive, back in 1956. It had a capacity of 5mb
and was the size of two large refrigerators. The new 25gb drive comes on
the 100th anniversary of the Telegraphone, a primitive answering machine.
See     From: Alan Farrelly, News Interactive. Australia
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-13 09:57:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Push for hearings on Echelon - Global spy system needs scrutiny, says rights group 
Source:  WorldNetDaily
Push for hearings on Echelon Global spy system needs scrutiny, says rights group By Stephan Archer Copyright 1998 WorldNetDaily.com In an effort to create some accountability between the
country's citizens and the National Security Agency's
top-secret global surveillance system known as
Echelon, the Free Congress Foundation is urging that
congressional hearings be held concerning the NSA's
use of the system. Originally, Echelon was designed to spy on the
Communist Bloc during the Cold War. However, since
the end of the Cold War, the NSA has used it for
other questionable purposes that include spying on the
citizens of U.S. allies as well as the citizens of other
countries, commercial spying, and even domestic
spying. In essence, Echelon works through a series of
high-tech spy facilities located primarily in five
countries: the United States, Canada, England, New
Zealand, and Australia. These countries, which are
sworn to secrecy about the project in a secret
agreement known as UKUSA, all actively take part in
this encroachment of privacy into the lives of the
people of the world by collecting virtually all fax
transmissions, e-mails, and phone calls. Not even
cellular phone calls escape the grasp of the Echelon
system. "Obviously, we need to have these capabilities," said
Wayne Madsen, who worked in the National
COMSEC Assessment Center at the NSA's Fort
Meade, Maryland, facility back in the 1980s and is
currently a senior fellow at the Electronic Privacy
Information Center. As an example of our country's need for the system,
Madsen said, "No one can argue about using the
system to counter terrorism. Where people will have a
problem is where Echelon is used for political and
business interests." The Echelon system gets most of its data by collecting
all transmissions handled by the Intelsat and Inmarsat
satellites, which are responsible for much of the
electronic communication that takes place between
countries. Earth-bound communication is sucked up
and absorbed by other spy satellites that the NSA has
launched into space. "It's a huge vacuum cleaner," said Madsen. Once these spy facilities collect the phone calls,
e-mails, and faxes, of virtually everyone on earth, the
Echelon system sorts them through a kind of filter
system known as the Echelon dictionary. This
dictionary looks for "flag" words in all of the
transmitted communication. While it lets a majority of
all collected material pass through its filter, it tags those
that may pose a threat and tracks all subsequent
communication coming from the source of the original
"flagged" message. Concerning Echelon's inherent intrusion on people's
privacy, Patrick Poole, the deputy director for the
Center of Technology Policy at the Free Congress
Foundation, said, "While we understand the need for
the intelligence power embodied by Echelon, the
indiscriminate use of Echelon presents major threats to
liberty not only to U.S. citizens but to citizens around
the world." And this threat is real. The foundation's report states
that U.S. leaders have, in fact, already abused this
awesome technology. For example, the report states
the following: "In September 1993, President Clinton
asked the CIA to spy on Japanese auto manufacturers
that were designing zero-emission cars and to forward
that information to the Big Three U.S. car
manufacturers: Ford, General Motors and Chrysler." "You can assume that all major U.S. corporations are
fed items of interest (via Echelon) from time to time to
give them a leg up on international competitors," said
Madsen. Although this may be seen as a strategic corporate
weapon for American businesses, in reality, it's an
example of technology that can get out of hand. For
example, former Canadian spy Mike Frost stated in his
book, "Spyworld," that in 1981, there was an
"accidental" cell phone intercept of the American
ambassador to Canada that resulted in the U.S. getting
outbid by the Canadians in a grain deal with China.
The deal brought in $2.5 billion for the Canadian
Wheat Board. With this kind of abuse of Echelon's power, the
question as to whether or not the U.S. government has
been using this power for political purposes can be
easily raised. This question is seemingly answered in
the foundation's report. "The discovery of domestic surveillance targeted at
American civilians for reasons of 'unpopular' political
affiliation -- or for no probable cause at all -- in
violation of the First, Fourth and Fifth Amendments of
the Constitution is regularly impeded by very elaborate
and complex legal arguments and privilege claims by
the intelligence agencies and the U.S. government," the
report says. When asked if the system has been used by the U.S.
government to spy on its citizens, Madsen told
WorldNetDaily that he was sure it has been. "I don't believe that the NSA or the current
Administration would hesitate to use this system on
American citizens for their own agendas," he said. Outraged by this flagrant abuse of power illustrated by
our country's elected officials, Poole said, "While the
U.S. is the prime mover behind the Echelon system, it's
shameful that the European Parliament is the body
holding the constitutional debate in regards to Echelon
today." A September 1998 report for the European Parliament
by the Omega Foundation said, "Within Europe, all
e-mail, telephone, and fax communications are
routinely intercepted by the United States National
Security Agency. According to the Omega Foundation report, it is this
ability of the NSA that brings major concern to the
European Parliament. In an effort to bring the issues
surrounding Echelon to the forefront of American
politics, the Free Congress Foundation plans to send
out a report about Echelon to all of the 500 policy
organizations in the U.S. as well as to select members
of Congress. These select individuals include members
from both the House and Senate intelligence
committees as well as House and Senate Constitution
subcommittees. Copies of the report will also be sent
to the congressional leadership of both parties. Although the foundation is hoping to get some action
out of these members of Congress, Poole said that
support at the grassroots level of our nation's political
structure will be a must if this issue isn't to end up
buried by the intelligence committees. "For there to be any account and oversight to the
Echelon system, the American people are going to
have to contact their elected representatives in order to
investigate the abuses that we know have occurred in
regards to the Echelon system," Poole said. See Free Congress Foundation's report on Echelon.  (c) 1998 Western Journalism Center
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-13 08:54:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: WiredNews: Virus Thrives on HTML 
Source:  Wired News
Virus Thrives on HTML
 by Chris Oakes  5:53 p.m.11.Nov.98.PST
 An old computer invader has found a new place
 to thrive.  A virus-monitoring group this week posted a
 computer virus -- called "html.internal" -- that is
 the first to replicate itself through hypertext
 markup language, or HTML, the code that
 defines the common Web page.  "Looks like the virus crowd has finally discovered
 the Internet," said Richard Smith of Phar Lap
 Software. "HTML pages are extremely mobile....
 They're intended to be given out."  Other observers point out the demonstration
 virus requires specific Windows scripting
 software to carry out its task. They maintain that
 the virus, therefore, exposes the vulnerability of
 the secondary software, VisualBasic Script, not
 plain vanilla Web pages.  "It draws attention to the power that's available
 to the VBScript programmer," said Jimmy Kuo,
 director of antivirus research at Network
 Associates.  A computer virus typically spreads through
 shared files, such as word processing
 documents or email attachments. It most often
 consists of a program or piece of code that runs
 invisibly on any computer it manages to infect.
 Like any virus, it replicates itself. That replication
 can be threatening in itself if the virus is large,
 since it will quickly fill a computer's memory and
 cause a crash.  Viruses once depended mainly on floppy disks
 for their travels, but networks have introduced an
 easier path.  The HTML virus, created by the Virus Information
 Center and released on Tuesday, was built as a
 demo and does not present a large security risk
 in and of itself. It works through Internet Explorer
 4.0 and relies on the scripting feature, VBScript,
 built into the latest Microsoft PC operating
 system, Windows 98. If security warnings are
 ignored, the virus will load via a Web page and
 infect other Web pages on the host computer.  Protections already built into Internet Explorer
 4.0 would warn users if they encountered the
 virus, said a Microsoft spokeswoman.  Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-13 09:03:22
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Point-Man on 'Y2K' is Low-Balling Magnitude of the Impending Crisis 
Source:  Center for Security Policy
Publications of the Casey Institute
 of the Center for Security Policy
 No. 98-C 181
 PERSPECTIVE 5 November 1998
Whistling Past the Graveyard: Clinton Point-Man on 'Y2K' is Low-Balling
Magnitude of the Impending Crisis (Washington, D.C.): Today's Washington Post features an article about a few
of the problems besetting the U.S. government as it grapples, belatedly,
with the Year 2000 (or Y2K) "bug." In a perfect (if unintended) metaphor
for the trouble on this front now confronting the Clinton Administration --
and, thanks in no small measure to its absence of "leadership" on the
issue, the Nation -- the Post headline reads "Y2K Problem Poses Staffing
Challenges for Agencies." Yet, the caption on an accompanying photograph
quotes John Koskinen, the President's "czar" for the Millennium bug, as
saying: "Y2K staffing 'has not turned out to be a major issue at this
point, but we are continuing to monitor it.'" Shorthanded Unfortunately, the article proceeds to detail myriad examples that suggest
ways in which personnel problems are seriously interfering with the
government's Y2K remediation program. For example, the Post reports:  "In the scramble to fix computers for the Year 2000, federal agencies have
regularly complained that their technology experts were being lured away by
better-paying jobs and that qualified contractors were difficult to find."  "Of the 24 large agencies required to file quarterly or monthly Y2K
progress reports, 13 expressed worries about their computer staffing or
staff availability, according to a new General Accounting Office report."  "[According to the GAO] four agencies - the departments of Agriculture,
Justice and State and the Patent and Trademark Office - [are] facing
[acute] Year 2000 staff woes: project delays because of high turnover among
contractor staff and losses of skilled information technology employees
through retirements and increased recruitment by private-sector companies." A 'Major Issue', Indeed Mr. Koskinen's reassurances notwithstanding, the anecdotal evidence of
problems of ensuring compliance of the federal agencies is of great concern
for several reasons:  The government has historically had a much more difficult time than the
private sector hiring and retaining qualified workers in a competitive job
market. More often than not, the workers the government does retain have
skill sets deemed unimpressive (read, unemployable) by the private sector.  Given the complexity of undertaking a comprehensive assessment of the
extent of the Y2K-associated staffing problems, anecdotal evidence is all
there is to go on in calibrating the magnitude of such problems.  It is a well known fact that over 80% of all large high technology
projects are completed behind schedule. That the Clinton/Gore
Administration continues to assert that the job -- arguably, the largest
high technology project ever undertaken with an altogether inflexible
deadline -- will be done on-time defies historical experience, to say
nothing of common sense. Panic Prevention? The truth of the matter is that, even if the federal government were
experiencing no personnel problems in preparing for the Y2K "bug," the
Clinton Administration would still be dangerously "behind the power curve."
After all, far and away the toughest part of insuring federal agency
compliance with Y2K requirements will be the testing, re-remediation and
retesting phases -- work that has scarcely even begun in most agencies. In fact, what seems to be going on here is less crisis management than
panic management. Unfortunately, Czar Koskinen's wishful thinking about the
staffing problem is not an isolated incident. In public speeches, media
interviews and through other vehicles, he has consistently understated the
magnitude of the problem while substantially overstating the government's
preparedness for dealing with it.(1) Koskinen has plenty of company in the Clinton Administration, however.
Indeed, even on the one occasion last July, when (after months of refusing
to issue public warnings about the Y2K crisis) President Clinton and Vice
President Gore finally used the "bully pulpit" to raise an alarm about this
impending danger, they failed accurately to describe the severity of the
problem. They also refused to take any responsibility for the significant
contribution their lack of leadership to date has made to the Nation's Y2K
unpreparedness -- and, therefore, to the likely intensity of the coming
crisis.(2)  The Bottom Line An insert next to the aforementioned Washington Post article on Y2K
staffing issues reports the Federal Reserve plans to release some $30-50
billion in additional reserves late in 1999. The reason: to ensure banks
will have sufficient money on hand to satisfy depositors who want to hold
their savings in cash on the 1st of January 2000. As of April of this year,
there was $3.6 trillion on deposit in U.S. banks. Those banks hold only
some $49 billion in cash reserves. Thus, even with the additional funds
available for withdrawal, banks will have at most only $2.70 for every $100
on deposit.  The Clinton-Gore Administration is sorely mistaken if it believes a
potentially cataclysmic socio-economic crisis will be avoided if it
persists in misleading the American people. The only hope of preventing
such a panic-driven outcome is for the administration to provide steady,
honest leadership -- addressing candidly the unknown and greatly increasing
the priority given by both the private and public sector to accelerating
Y2K remediation and damage limitation efforts.   - 30 - 1. See the Center's Decision Brief entitled At Last, Clinton-Gore
Publicly Address Year 2000 Bug -- But Continue to Lowball
Problem, Duck Responsibility For It (No. 98-C 132, 15 July
1998) and the Casey Institute's Perspective entitled New Theory
For Clinton-Gore Silence on Y2K Emerges As N.P.R., Gingrich
Offer Contrasting Views Of The Danger (No. 98-D 106, 12 June
1998). 2. See the Center's Decision Brief entitled At Last, Clinton-Gore
Publicly Address Year 2000 Bug -- But Continue to Lowball
Problem, Duck Responsibility For It (No. 98-C 132, 15 July
1998). NOTE: The Center's publications are intended to invigorate
and enrich the debate on foreign policy and defense issues. The
views expressed do not necessarily reflect those of all members of
the Center's Board of Advisors.
(c) 1988-1998, Center for Security Policy
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-13 09:21:11
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: y2k+nukes===???? (drudge) 
MILLENNIUM BUG POSES NUCLEAR WEAPONS RISK The British American Security Information Council on Thursday is warning all
world military powers to de-activate their
weapons, to avoid possible "massive and hugely perilous systems failures"
brought on by the so-called Millennium bug. The group singles out the United States, bluntly describing the Pentagon's
efforts to meet the fast-approaching deadline
as "a mess" -- with what it calls "severe and recurring problems across the
spectrum." The INDEPENDENT newspaper in London on Thursday outlined the council's warning. "The biggest YK2 danger is not the ultimate nightmare of nuclear weapons either
launching or exploding because of faulty
computer information. Since it still requires human authorization for a missile
or warhead to be launched, this sort of
catastrophe is unrealistic. Far more likely, however, is the prospect of a
leader, under pressure from hairtrigger
response mechanisms, pressing the nuclear button on the basis of inaccurate
data." The council would like to see world powers "separate warheads from their
delivery vehicles" when the clocks flip 2000-- a
move that would dramatically increase the amount of time needed to launch an
attack. - - -- "See God in Every Eye" --Inanna, Goddess of Love
V.S. Ferguson
author, Inanna Returns and Inanna Hyper-Luminal
- - --------------79A25852320ABAABB431D8E6--

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:12:33
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Text: Clinton Continues Nat'l Emergency on WMD 
Source:  USIA
12 November 1998 TEXT: CLINTON CONTINUES EMERGENCY ON WEAPONS OF MASS
DESTRUCTION (They continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat) (280)
Washington -- President Clinton November 12 extended the national
emergency regarding weapons of mass destruction that he originally
declared on November 14, 1994 with respect to the unusual and
extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and
economy of the United States posed by the proliferation of nuclear,
biological, and chemical weapons ("weapons of mass destruction") and
the means of delivering such weapons.
Following is the White House text:
(begin text)
THE WHITE HOUSE
Office of the Press Secretary
November 12, 1999
CONTINUATION OF EMERGENCY REGARDING
WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION
On November 14, 1994, by Executive Order 12938, I declared a national
emergency with respect to the unusual and extraordinary threat to the
national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States
posed by the proliferation of nuclear, biological, and chemical
weapons ("weapons of mass destruction") and the means of delivering
such weapons. Because the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction
and the means of delivering them continues to pose an unusual and
extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and
economy of the United States, the national emergency first declared on
November 14, 1994, and extended on November 14, 1995, November 12,
1996, and November 13, 1997, must continue in effect beyond November
14, 1998. Therefore, in accordance with section 202(d) of the National
Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622 (d)), I am continuing the national
emergency declared in Executive Order 12938.
This notice shall be published in the Federal Register and transmitted
to the Congress.
WILLIAM J. CLINTON
THE WHITE HOUSE
November 12, 1998
(end text)
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:10:35
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Stranger than fiction.... 
Source:  London Times
Computer bobbies to take over from PCs  POLICE in Greater Manchester are to test plans to replace
 some police stations with unstaffed computer kiosks that
 resemble hole-in-the-wall bank machines.  People anxious to report an emergency or speak to a
 policeman would use a touch screen to be put through by
 telephone, and eventually by video link, to the nearest
 control room. They would be able to ask the time or receive
 directions electronically, at the touch of the screen.  Senior officers believe that the machines, known as customer
 interaction points or communications kiosks, will appear in
 every high street and will become as familiar as cash
 machines and the old blue police boxes.  The hole-in- the- wall proposals - which will be tested in
 Salford as part of a plan to reduce the number of police
 stations - grew from a review of the Greater Manchester
 Police force's property as part of a budget crisis.  Supporters of the plan insist that the need to cut costs is only
 a means to push through an inevitable and welcome
 technological change which more adequately reflects
 changing police methods.  Stuart Render, the force spokesman, said that most people
 reported crime, from burglaries to emergencies, over the
 telephone, and increasingly by mobile phone. They rarely
 needed to go to a police station, except to present
 documents.  The kiosks would release money for frontline officers instead
 of tying it up in property. The first machines could be in
 libraries, supermarkets or on the street, he said.  "In the future in every high street there will probably be some
 kind of hole-in-the-wall police contact point where you will
 be able to make contact with a 24-hour control room or find
 out things about community safety and so on. That way
 technology gives us flexibility and accessibility to improve our
 level of service and keep officers on the front line rather than
 having them manning police stations."  The pilot scheme will be discussed as part of the larger
 rationalisation at a meeting of the Police Authority on Friday.
 Chief Superintendent Chris Wells, Divisional Commander in
 Salford, said: "None of the existing police stations will close
 until replacement facilities have been installed.  "The vast majority of people that access our service do not
 visit a police station, they use a telephone. We are looking to
 increase our effectiveness and these proposals together with
 new technology will take us in that direction."  He said people would be able to see town centre maps and
 get basic directions from the kiosks, as well as information
 on crime prevention, details about area constables, missing
 persons, Crimestoppers and witness support.  Senior officers acknowledge that their biggest problem will
 be persuading a sceptical public of the advantages. Barry
 Evans, the force's director of information technology, is
 aware of the need to "carry a myriad of people" along with
 him and that the machines must prove their worth.  Karen Garrido, chairwoman of the Boothstown police and
 community consultative group, based in Salford, is opposed
 to the scheme. Boothstown police station is scheduled to be
 closed within 12 months.  She said: "I am totally against the closure. The people should
 be asked what they want and I don't think they will want a
 little box or a hole in the wall instead."  A spokesman for Age Concern, which has offices in Eccles,
 Salford, said: "We believe it would be quite daunting for an
 old person who does not have a telephone to leave their
 home and use one of these machines." Copyright 1998 Times Newspapers Ltd.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:10:24
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Wired News: Y2Kaboom? 
Source:  Wired News
 by Declan McCullagh  12:27 p.m.12.Nov.98.PST
 WASHINGTON -- America and Russia should
 shut down their nuclear arsenals rather than risk
 Armageddon because of Year 2000 glitches, a
 military research group says in a report released
 Thursday.  Y2K errors could cause the systems to go
 haywire, leading to erroneous early warning
 reports or even triggering an accidental launch of
 a nuclear missile, the British American Security
 Information Council warned in a 36-page report.  Both superpowers keep their arsenals in a
 constant state of readiness -- a Cold War-era
 strategy that could backfire with devastating
 results if the computer gremlins strike.  "If Y2K breakdowns were to produce inaccurate
 early-warning data, or if communications and
 command channels were to be compromised,
 the combination of hair-trigger force postures
 and Y2K failures could be disastrous," said the
 author of "The Bug in the Bomb: The Impact of
 the Year 2000 Problem on Nuclear Weapons."  Nuclear weapons systems are laced with
 embedded systems -- controlling functions such
 as ballistics and sensors -- that have not been
 declared free from Y2K worries, the report says.
 Most missles also keep track of time since the
 last monthly or yearly servicing, which could
 transform weapons into plutonium-packed
 paperweights if the systems shut down on 1
 January 2000.  A Defense Department official, who spoke on
 condition of anonymity, said nuclear weapons
 systems have received the Pentagon's full
 attention and will be in good shape. He added
 that military leaders are already discussing Y2K
 issues with their Russian counterparts.  Those assurances are not enough to allay the
 fears of Michael Kraig, the report's author.  "There are two problems together that make up
 one big problem: The sorry state of the
 [Russian] program and the fact that they don't
 know information about it," said Kraig, a BASIC
 fellow. "They're still committed to
 launch-on-warning and hair-trigger alert status.
 That, combined with the fact that their program
 is in such a sorry state, makes us worry."  BASIC lobbies for international agreements
 restricting arms sales and supports complete
 nuclear disarmament.  The Defense Department has been battling
 accusations that it lags behind other federal
 agencies in making Y2K repairs, something the
 agency's top officials are acutely aware of.  "I think we're probably going to be the poster
 child for failure," John Hamre, deputy secretary
 of defense, told Fortune 500 executives in July.
 "Nobody cares if the Park Services computers
 don't come on. OK? But what's going to happen
 if some do in the [Department of Defense]?"  The Clinton administration's September quarterly
 report on federal agencies says: "The
 Department of Defense has a massive Year
 2000 challenge which must be accomplished on
 a tight schedule. The Department has improved
 its rate of progress in addressing the challenge,
 but the pace must be increased to meet
 government-wide milestones."  The administration's report says that as of this
 summer, 42 percent of the Pentagon's most vital
 systems -- 2,965 in all -- have been Y2K
 cleared.  But numbers alone don't reveal the complexity of
 the Defense Department's Y2K woes, Kraig
 argues.  "There are severe and recurring problems across
 the entire DOD Y2K remediation program,
 including ill-defined concepts and operating
 procedures, ad-hoc funding and spotty
 estimates for final costs, lax management,
 insufficient standards for declaring systems 'Y2K
 compliant,' insufficient contingency planning in
 case of Y2K-related failures, and poor
 inter-departmental communications," Kraig
 wrote.  In the preface, Paul Warnke, BASIC's president
 and chief arms-control negotiator under
 President Carter, says: "The only prudent
 course may be to de-alert those nuclear
 systems where date-related malfunctioning in
 associated command, control, and
 communications systems poses even a remote
 possibility of accidental launch."  Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:16:31
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.37: Privacy Group Pushes For Hearings on ECHELON 
ISPI Clips 6.37: Privacy Group Pushes For Hearings on ECHELON
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday November 13, 1998
This From: WorldNetDaily, November 12, 1998
Push for hearings on Echelon:
Global spy system needs scrutiny, says rights group
A WorldNetDaily Exclusive
Copyright 1998 WorldNetDaily.com
Stephan Archer
In an effort to create some accountability between the country's citizens
and the National Security Agency's top-secret global surveillance system
known as Echelon, the Free Congress Foundation is urging that congressional
hearings be held concerning the NSA's use of the system.
Originally, Echelon was designed to spy on the Communist Bloc during the
Cold War. However, since the end of the Cold War, the NSA has used it for
other questionable purposes that include spying on the citizens of U.S.
allies as well as the citizens of other countries, commercial spying, and
even domestic spying.
In essence, Echelon works through a series of high-tech spy facilities
located primarily in five countries: the United States, Canada, England,
New Zealand, and Australia. These countries, which are sworn to secrecy
about the project in a secret agreement known as UKUSA, all actively take
part in this encroachment of privacy into the lives of the people of the
world by collecting virtually all fax transmissions, e-mails, and phone
calls. Not even cellular phone calls escape the grasp of the Echelon
"Obviously, we need to have these capabilities," said Wayne Madsen, who
worked in the National COMSEC Assessment Center at the NSA's Fort Meade,
Maryland, facility back in the 1980s and is currently a senior fellow at
the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
As an example of our country's need for the system, Madsen said, "No one
can argue about using the system to counter terrorism. Where people will
have a problem is where Echelon is used for political and business
The Echelon system gets most of its data by collecting all transmissions
handled by the Intelsat and Inmarsat satellites, which are responsible for
much of the electronic communication that takes place between countries.
Earth-bound communication is sucked up and absorbed by other spy satellites
that the NSA has launched into space.
"It's a huge vacuum cleaner," said Madsen.
Once these spy facilities collect the phone calls, e-mails, and faxes, of
virtually everyone on earth, the Echelon system sorts them through a kind
of filter system known as the Echelon dictionary. This dictionary looks for
"flag" words in all of the transmitted communication. While it lets a
majority of all collected material pass through its filter, it tags those
that may pose a threat and tracks all subsequent communication coming from
the source of the original "flagged" message.
Concerning Echelon's inherent intrusion on people's privacy, Patrick Poole,
the deputy director for the Center of Technology Policy at the Free
Congress Foundation, said, "While we understand the need for the
intelligence power embodied by Echelon, the indiscriminate use of Echelon
presents major threats to liberty not only to U.S. citizens but to citizens
around the world."
And this threat is real. The foundation's report states that U.S. leaders
have, in fact, already abused this awesome technology. For example, the
report states the following: "In September 1993, President Clinton asked
the CIA to spy on Japanese auto manufacturers that were designing
zero-emission cars and to forward that information to the Big Three U.S.
car manufacturers: Ford, General Motors and Chrysler."
"You can assume that all major U.S. corporations are fed items of interest
(via Echelon) from time to time to give them a leg up on international
competitors," said Madsen.
Although this may be seen as a strategic corporate weapon for American
businesses, in reality, it's an example of technology that can get out of
hand. For example, former Canadian spy Mike Frost stated in his book,
"Spyworld," that in 1981, there was an "accidental" cell phone intercept of
the American ambassador to Canada that resulted in the U.S. getting outbid
by the Canadians in a grain deal with China. The deal brought in $2.5
billion for the Canadian Wheat Board.
With this kind of abuse of Echelon's power, the question as to whether or
not the U.S. government has been using this power for political purposes
can be easily raised. This question is seemingly answered in the
foundation's report.
"The discovery of domestic surveillance targeted at American civilians for
reasons of 'unpopular' political affiliation -- or for no probable cause at
all -- in violation of the First, Fourth and Fifth Amendments of the
Constitution is regularly impeded by very elaborate and complex legal
arguments and privilege claims by the intelligence agencies and the U.S.
government," the report says.
When asked if the system has been used by the U.S. government to spy on its
citizens, Madsen told WorldNetDaily that he was sure it has been.
"I don't believe that the NSA or the current Administration would hesitate
to use this system on American citizens for their own agendas," he said.
Outraged by this flagrant abuse of power illustrated by our country's
elected officials, Poole said, "While the U.S. is the prime mover behind
the Echelon system, it's shameful that the European Parliament is the body
holding the constitutional debate in regards to Echelon today."
A September 1998 report for the European Parliament by the Omega Foundation
said, "Within Europe, all e-mail, telephone, and fax communications are
routinely intercepted by the United States National Security Agency.
According to the Omega Foundation report, it is this ability of the NSA
that brings major concern to the European Parliament. In an effort to bring
the issues surrounding Echelon to the forefront of American politics, the
Free Congress Foundation plans to send out a report about Echelon to all of
the 500 policy organizations in the U.S. as well as to select members of
Congress. These select individuals include members from both the House and
Senate intelligence committees as well as House and Senate Constitution
subcommittees. Copies of the report will also be sent to the congressional
leadership of both parties.
Although the foundation is hoping to get some action out of these members
of Congress, Poole said that support at the grassroots level of our
nation's political structure will be a must if this issue isn't to end up
buried by the intelligence committees.
"For there to be any account and oversight to the Echelon system, the
American people are going to have to contact their elected representatives
in order to investigate the abuses that we know have occurred in regards to
the Echelon system," Poole said.
See Free Congress Foundation's report on Echelon at:
(c) 1998 Western Journalism Center
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:11:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.38: NAI [PGP] FlipFlop Back to Pro Key Recovery Group 
ISPI Clips 6.38: NAI [PGP] FlipFlop Back to Pro Key Recovery Group
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday November 13, 1998
This From: WIRED News, November 12, 1998
NAI Back in Key Recovery Group
Wired News Report
Computer-security giant Network Associates Inc. has quietly rejoined a
global coalition promoting a controversial technology that could give the
US government access to encrypted data.
Network Associates [  ], which owns cryptography
software firm PGP and firewall vendor Trusted Information Systems, dropped
out of the Key Recovery Alliance [  ] last December to
protect the PGP brand, which some civil-liberties advocates say was tainted
by its association with the alliance.
Activists charge that the alliance promotes technology that poses a threat
to civil liberties. The alliance says it is not a lobbying group but does
support the concept of key recovery, a system in which a copy of the secret
key that unlocks scrambled data is placed in escrow.
"We would assume that the acquisition of Trusted Information Systems would
be a contributing factor with the change of that policy," said David Sobel
of the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
"TIS is widely regarded as the originator of the whole concept of key
escrow," Sobel said. Several executives are former employees of the
National Security Agency, which is believed to be a prime advocate of key
recovery in Washington.
Currently, the Clinton administration bars the export of strong encryption
products that do not include a key-recovery component. The policy has long
irked security software companies who see the policy as giving foreign
competition an unfair advantage.
Civil liberties advocates dislike key recovery because they feel it is the
start of a slippery slope toward so-called mandatory key recovery, which
would give the government access to private data.
While the Key Recovery Alliance says it is not a political action committee
or lobbying group, the group is often held up by politicians as an example
of industry support for the administration's policy.
Last December, a Network Associates executive said the Key Recovery
Alliance created a misunderstanding about the company's position on the
"We want people to understand that Network Associates' position and PGP's
position is to encourage the government and industry to move towards a
policy that allows export of strong cryptography without mandatory key
recovery," Gene Hodges, director of product management at Network
Associates, told Wired News last December.
An attorney with the Center for Democracy and Technology said that Network
Associates opposes mandatory key recovery, but that the company may be
hedging its bets against future shifts in Administration policy.
"There are other companies in the Key Recovery Alliance who are steadfastly
opposed to the administration's policy and mandatory key recovery, yet I
think they are part of the alliance because they feel they need to be,"
said Alan Davidson
Lynn McNulty, director of government affairs for RSA
[  ] Data Security, said the company is likely not
expecting negative political fallout, one year after the PGP acquisition.
"The commercial [version of] PGP has kind of been absorbed [into Network
Associate's product line]," McNulty said. "The personal verison kind of
enjoys folklore status among the civil libertarians."
No representative from either Network Associates or the Key Recovery
Alliance was available for comment Thursday.
Related Wired Links:
Another Network Associates U-Turn on Key Recovery? 25.Feb.98
Network Associates Disavows Key Recovery Tie: 8.Dec.97
Pretty Good Privacy Not Looking So Great: 3.Dec.97
Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:11:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.39: Fed May Give FBI Access to Your Internet Voice Calls & Email. 
ISPI Clips 6.39: Fed May Give FBI Access to Your Internet Voice Calls &
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday November 13, 1998
This From: CNET news, November 12, 1998
Fed mulls wiretap access to Net
John Borland, jborland
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
            Federal regulators are struggling over a decision that could
            give the FBI and other law enforcement officials wiretap access
            to Internet voice calls, and possibly access even to the
            of data messages such as email.
The Federal Communications Commission [  ] released a
 ] last
week for implementing the 1994 Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act (CALEA), a measure that requires telephone companies to
provide law enforcement with access to digital call information.
But the report left untouched the issue of whether the FBI
 ] would get new powers to tap Net calls. An FCC
staffer, who asked to remain anonymous, said the question of how Net calls
will be treated remains wide open, and may be decided during another round
of public comments.
Congress passed CALEA in 1994, after law enforcement officials complained
that digital technology undermined their ability to tap telephone lines.
The bill was intended to give the FBI and other police agencies the same
access to digital communications, that they already have to traditional
phone lines.
Yet the technological landscape has changed since Congress' action. Voice
transmissions using Internet technologies have moved from hobbyists'
basements and into the corporate mainstream. Companies like Qwest are
building whole business strategies around Net-based telephony, while the
amount of data traffic on public networks has soared.
The FBI wants access to these Net calls, and the leading industry proposal
being reviewed by the FCC allows this. But civil liberties groups warn that
this access goes beyond the original law's bounds, which don't apply well
to Internet communications.
"Congress said very explicitly that the CALEA law was not intended to apply
to Internet communications," said Barry Steinhardt, president of the
Electronic Frontier Foundation. "Over the long term this is the ability to
get packet-switched data, not just voice information."
The sticking point lies in the way that law enforcement gets its power to
tap lines, and in the way that permission fails to translate into the world
of the Internet.
Many people associate a wiretap with a listening post able to overhear the
entire content of a call. This type of tap requires a law enforcement
agency to meet a fairly high standard of evidence, to show it needs access
to a certain phone line.
But the vast majority of wiretaps fall into a category known as "tap and
trace," in which phone companies give up information about a call's origin
and destination without giving officials access to the actual call. This
type of access is much easier for law enforcement officials to obtain, as
they don't require evidence as strong as what is needed for standard
The "tap-and-trace" system doesn't carry over well to Net calls, which are
broken down and transmitted in individual packets of information. Telephone
company officials say it is impossible, at today's level of technology, for
telephone carriers to hand over the header information in these
packets--which would identify the call's origin and destination--without
also handing over the actual content of the call itself.
"For us it's impossible to do just the one thing," said Grant Seiffert,
vice president of governmental relations for the Telecommunications
Industry Association
[  ]. "Once you've opened the can of worms, the
whole can stays open."
The EFF, along with the Center for Democracy and Technology (CDT), the
American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), and the Electronic Privacy
Information Center(EPIC), have lobbied the FCC hard to keep Net calls out
of the wiretapping law for this reason.
"The FBI is saying, 'Trust us, give us the whole message and we'll strip
out the call content,'" Steinhardt said. "We just don't trust them."
For its part, the FBI says it needs access to the Net calls, or criminals
will be able to hide in the telecommunications loophole. Officials have
repeatedly said they will not violate court orders to look at the content
of calls or data messages
The argument doesn't sway civil liberties groups. "If it's not feasible,
the telcos shouldn't have to hand the information over," Steinhardt said.
"[The FBI] shouldn't be given access to information they're not entitled
Comments on the issue of tapping Net calls, as well as the rest of the
FCC's digital wiretapping plan, are due December 14. Telephone companies
are not required to comply with the CALEA provisions until June 30, 2000.
Related news stories
 Dutch ISPs could face wiretap law April 14, 1998
 FBI wiretap plan scrutinized February 16, 1998
 Dutch ISP won't tap email November 14, 1997
 Watchdogs howl at FBI wiretap plans August 11, 1997
Copyright (c) 1995-98 CNET, Inc.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:10:27
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: [FP] Governors push national ID plan - WND 
SCAN THIS NEWS
NOVEMBER 13, 1998
[excerpts from:]
Governors push national ID plan
Rewrite of executive order could be key
 By David M. Bresnahan
 Copyright 1998 WorldNetDaily.com
The National Governors Association would like to have a national ID system,
and plans to work with the White House to reinstate Executive Order 13083 to
make that a reality.
The bipartisan NGA is claiming much of the credit for stopping Executive
Order 13083, but they also plan to help craft a revised version of the order
that will alter the relationship between states and the federal government.
An internal document used by the NGA to inform all governors of their goals
and objectives was made available to WorldNetDaily, along with a "Fact Sheet
on Federalism" used by the White House staff. Both documents were provided
by a Republican source.
Each document shows that both the White House, and the nation's Governors,
plan to put the currently suspended executive order into effect.
 [snip]
"This is because of demands by citizens, businesses, and the federal
government to make all government more accessible and open," claims the NGA.
"Pressures for uniformity and simplification come from globalization in
trade and telecommunications policy, regional environmental quality
solutions, and a greater need for some type of personal identification
mechanism to combat fraud, crime, illegal immigration, and mismanagement of
 [snip]
Congress passed the "Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility
Act of 1996," which authorized the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration of the Department of Transportation to establish a national
ID system through the use of driver's licenses. Those guidelines are spelled
out in Section 656 (b) of the act. They include the use of Social Security
numbers on all licenses, and in all data bases beginning Oct. 1, 2000.
The act also calls for digitized biometric information to be a part of each
license, or "smart card." The biometric information will include
fingerprints, retina scans, DNA prints, and other similar information.
Thousands of letters of protest were received by the Department of
Transportation during a public comment period, which concluded in October.
The exposure of the plan in WorldNetDaily, and the outcry that followed,
prompted Congress to place a moratorium on the national ID, as well as the
medical ID law.
 [snip]
Congress included three clauses in the omnibus appropriations bill to
withhold funds for implementation of the national ID, medical ID and
Executive Order 13083. Apparently the governors are not pleased with those
actions, according to their document.
 [snip]
The documents obtained by WorldNetDaily clearly show that the NGA would like
to facilitate a national ID system, and the organization believes Executive
Order 13083, with some revisions, is needed to facilitate that.
For more on the NGA, go to their web page at:
where you'll find articles on such tipics as:
"o Voice of the Governors: 50 States Surge Past Deadline To Extend Children'
s Health
"o News: Governors Report on Legislative Record and Condition of the
Federal-State Partnership
"o Policy Forum: New Flexibility, New Opportunities: Strengthening
State-Local Workforce Systems Using the Workforce Investment Act
[Thanks to Jim Groom for the article link]
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:10:44
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: U.S. Must Re-Think Strategy to Counter WMD Threat 
Source:  US Newswire
Weapons Expert: U.S. Must Re-Think Military Strategy U.S. Newswire
13 Nov 11:04
 Weapons Expert: U.S. Must Re-Think Military Strategy to Counter Weapons of
Mass Destruction Threat
 To: National Desk
 Contact: Paige McMahon, 301-320-8053.
   WASHINGTON, Nov. 13 /U.S. Newswire/ -- The United States
must devise a military force structure that makes possible
a rapid response to future crises involving the manufacture and use
of weapons of mass destruction (WMD), according to Dr. Robert W.
Chandler, an expert in the strategic use of WMD and author of the
just-published The New Face of War (AMCODA).
   "The U.S. military mindset is rooted in conventional warfighting
tactics," said Chandler, a retired U.S. Air Force colonel and former
NATO advisor. "While we're waiting for carriers to get in position
and making sure our fighters have a place to park, Iraq is working
feverishly to hide and disperse the targets, which are the labs and
equipment they use to manufacture biological and chemical weapons. At
this moment, they're unbolting machinery and moving it to sheds, to
civilian residential areas, and out into the desert. By the time we
get around to bombing the factories, they will be empty."
   "Wouldn't it be nice to destroy their weapons of mass destruction
before they are hidden? Targets are perishable, like vegetables and
fruit. If you wait too long to destroy them, by the time you hit the
target it's rotten. That is to say, they've been altered to the point
where they have little or no value," said Chandler, who predicted
Iraq's intent to use weapons of mass destruction to alter the balance
of power in the region in his first book, Tomorrow's War, Today's
Decisions (AMCODA, 1996).
   "Absent a U.S. ability to strike quickly and deliberately, we have
no choice but Saddam's current game, where he plays the Roadrunner
and we are the wiley coyote," Chandler said. "Saddam Hussein sees
peace with U.N. weapons inspections as a losing proposition. From his
perspective, the only chance to end the hated weapons inspections and
end the U.N.'s economic sanctions is to force his countrymen to
endure another bombing in the anticipation that it will satisfy world
opinion, and lead to the lifting of sanctions. Dictators like Saddam
Hussein need to pay off those who keep them in power military,
police, and other elites with economic rewards. The sanctions cut
into that ability and weaken his grip.
   "The U.S. must create a Global Reconnaissance and Strike
Complex to develop the military strategy and fighting forces
necessary to meet the challenges of WMD proliferation. We must
mass firepower, not forces, and we must make time work to our
   ------
   Dr. Chandler lives and works in McLean, Va., and is available for
broadcast and print interviews.  You may contact Chandler directly
at his office, 703-356-6927 (evenings/weekends: 703-883-0324).
For more information, contact Paige McMahon, 301-320-8053.
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 11/13 11:04
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:11:59
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Meteorites swarming toward us 
Source:  Connecticut Post
 Meteorites swarming toward us  Saturday, November 14, 1998
 By MARIAN GAIL BROWN
 Staff writer  Early next week you might switch on your television only to be greeted by
a big blank screen. When you pick up the phone to blast the place that sold
you the thing, the line is dead.  You get in your car to return that worthless object. You want the quickest
route, so you hit a switch that displays a map, using a global positioning
satellite, to direct you.  Nothing happens.  Is this Armageddon? Have aliens from outer space finally taken over? Well,
the truth is out there. ... Cue the X-Files music. ... It's the peak of the
Leonid meteor storm, arriving in our hemisphere early Tuesday and
astronomers say it promises to be this millennium's last great pyrotechnic
pageant in space .  Thousands of meteors -remnants of comet Temple-Tuttle - will bombard upper
levels of the Earth's atmosphere. While these shooting stars are expected
to put on quite a light show, there is a down side. The meteors are the
single greatest natural threat to 500-plus Earth-orbiting satellites. And
some scientists say they could play havoc with satellites that deal with
communication, navigation and spy technology. When the last major Leonid
meteor shower took place in 1966, there were only a handful of satellites
in space.  Some 350 of the 500-plus orbiting satellites have a 5 percent chance of
being struck by meteors or knocked out of service, according to projections.  "It's like firing a thin shotgun blast into a really big flock of geese,"
says Ernie Hildner, director of the Space Environment Center, a division of
the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that provides weather
reports on space. "Everyone knows some of them are going to get killed or
hurt. It's just a matter of waiting and seeing because we know it's going
to happen, but we don't know which satellites it will affect."  With plans by government and commercial industry to launch 1,200
additional satellites within the next 10 years, "space is definitely
getting crowded," says Greg Hughes, a spokesman for The Aerospace Corp. The
company, based in El Segundo, Calif., provides primary engineering,
oversight and scientific expertise for all Department of Defense space
launches. "And there's supposed to be another meteor shower next November.
So, the question is: will this factor into satellite launches? We hope it
will, because space is gradually becoming more crowded and the next time a
major Leonid shower comes around in another 33 years, we may not be so
lucky."  To protect their multibillion- dollar investment in space, satellite
owners have tilted many of their satellites so their solar panels don't
take a direct hit. For instance, the Hubble telescope, made in Connecticut,
will be shifted so that it faces away from the meteor showers.  "The satellites that are up there are changing their orientation,
especially if they have sensitive instrumentation," says Russell Patera,
senior engineering specialist with the Center for Orbital Re-entry and
Debris Studies. "That means that these satellites will be facing with their
edges out. So, that if they are hit, hopefully, it will only be a glancing
blow."  More troublesome than a direct hit, perhaps, is the damage the space
debris from comet Temple- Tuttle does.  "It can vaporize into a thin plasma that short-circuits the electrical
impulses of a satellite," Patera says, adding that such a disturbance also
could knock out satellite transmissions.  And what happens in the minutes after such an event could be critical to
whether a satellite can be repaired, Patera says. "That's why satellite
engineers everywhere will be constantly on call to protect their company's
investments. There has already been a lot of pre-planning as to what to do
[in a worst-case scenario], he says. "But everybody will be on the alert."  The particles, burned off from comet Temple-Tuttle's 33-year orbit around
the sun, will drizzle down on any spacecraft or satellites orbiting high up
in Earth's atmosphere as close as 200 to 24,000 miles from Earth.  Instead of seeing a smattering of meteors or, as they are more commonly
known, shooting stars, stargazers in some parts of the world could see as
many as 200 to 5,000 an hour, a veritable galactic fireworks display. The
best viewing will be in Asia for this shower.  For his part, Bob Crelin, 39, a graphic designer from Branford, is looking
forward to the shooting-star show.  "All you need is a blanket, some heavy clothes, something warm to drink
and a really dark sky, away from the city lights," says Crelin of the
Astronomical Society of New Haven.  "It's best viewed without a telescope or binoculars because meteor showers
occur across a vast distance. So you want to be able to see the whole sky,
not an isolated part of it," Crelin says. "That's the best way to
appreciate a shooting star, seeing it streak across the horizon."  Crelin recalls the excitement of seeing a Perseid meteor shower as a child
growing up in the 1960s as though it were yesterday.  "I was on Cape Cod with my parents and we were driving back from someplace
for dinner," Crelin says. "I looked out [of the window] and it was like
literally raining stars all around us. They were streaking across the sky.
And I remember thinking that this was some kind of giant fireworks show at
first because this was the summer. I was just totally jazzed."  Perhaps, that's what fuels his interest in astronomy. These days, Crelin
owns four telescopes, some so powerful that they enable him to see beyond
the Milky Way and our own galaxy.  "I have one that lets me see things that are 50 million light years away,"
says Crelin, adding that for the Leonid shower he will take his own advice
and leave all his telescopes at home.  For his part, Michael Dzubaty, a medical office manager from West Haven,
plans to camp out in a nearby park from midnight to about dawn.  "This is the peak part of the Leonid period, which occurs only once every
33 years. Usually, what happens is you have a double shot of intense meteor
showers" in two consecutive Novembers, Dzubaty says. No one is really sure
whether this year's Leonid shower will be better than the 1999 one. "So,
you don't want to take any chances missing either of them."  But if you've seen one batch of shooting stars haven't you seen them all?
"It's hard to put into words, but nah," says the 51-year-old amateur
astronomer. "Imagine a series of shooting stars and then every once in a
while a colossal fire ball like from out of 'Deep Impact' or 'Armageddon.'" Connecticut Post
410 State Street
Bridgeport, CT 06604
203-330-6456 (c) 1998 Connecticut Post.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-17 08:48:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: Feds Assault the Free Press 
Source:  Insight Magazine (published by Washington Times)
Feds Assault the Free Press
 By Kelly Patricia O'Meara
 A journalist and his wife have drawn the wrath of
 federal law enforcement. Their 'crime': allegedly
 removing a tiny piece of TWA Flight 800 wreckage
 for independent study.
It was FBI Special Agent James Kinsley who insisted the
 accused subjects be handcuffed and driven in separate
 FBI vehicles to U.S. District Court in Uniondale, N.Y.
 Secured by heavy manacles, the prisoners were paraded
 before media eager to get a look at the husband and wife team
 charged with the alleged crime of stealing evidence from the
 hangar where the wreckage of doomed TWA Flight 800 is
 being assembled. . . . . But something was very wrong. The prisoners were Jim
 Sanders, author of nonfiction books including The Downing of
 TWA Flight 800, and his petite, soft-spoken wife Liz, a retired
 flight-attendant trainer for TWA. The two spent hours in
 holding cells under the court house not far from where the 747
 exploded in a deadly fireball on July 17, l996, before being
 allowed to plead not guilty to the government's charges. If
 convicted, this couple, who just celebrated their silver wedding
 anniversary, face up to 10 years in prison.
TO ACCESS COMPLETE ARTICLE:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-17 08:51:23
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: IP: 61% of IT Professionals Plan to Pull Money from Banks 
Source:  Category:  Programmers'_Views
 Comment:  In an on-line poll of over 6,000 IT professionals (high), 61% plan to
take cash out of their banks.  This is from DCI (Nov. 11).  * * * * * * * *  . . . Almost eighty percent are taking steps to minimize the impact of
the Millennium Bug : 62.4 percent plan to avoid traveling by plane,  61.5
percent will withdraw money from the bank, and 58.6 percent  will purchase
extra supplies in case of a shortage.  Link:   November 11, 1998
Pointing the Y2K Finger
An online Year 2000 poll conducted recently by ZD Network News and The
Harris Poll Online reveals a mixture of confidence and prudent preparation
among a group of Y2K-savvy professionals. Of the 6,320 people who filled out the survey, 56.8 percent identified
themselves as full-or part-time I.T. professionals. Not surprisingly, 84
percent claimed to have a "good" or "complete" understanding of the Year
2000 problem. More than half are clear on who is to blame.
Sixty-one percent of respondents believe those who build, sell and use
computers, along with business leaders, are responsible for the Year 2000
problem. And don't look to place the blame on Uncle Sam. Only 23.6 percent
of those surveyed say they will blame the government in the event of Y2K
Happily, the news isn't all bad. A large percentage of respondents (75.2
percent) said their companies have taken steps toward Y2K compliance.
Sixty-two percent believe their company will be able to make the necessary
changes and create contingency plans in time to meet the Jan. 1st deadline.
A healthy 84.8 percent of respondents whose companies are actively working
on Y2K believe compliance goals will be reached. However, only 24.1 percent reported that the process was already complete.  Over half of those surveyed feel they are more concerned about Y2K than the
majority of people. But panic has yet to set in. When asked to predict the
impact of Y2K only 21.3 percent said they thought it would be "very
serious." Almost two-thirds believe the results of Y2K will fall somewhere
in the middle ground between "negligible effects" and "doomsday." Respondents are taking precautions nonetheless. Roughly three-fourths of
survey participants have checked their PCs for Y2K compliance. Almost
eighty percent are taking steps to minimize the impact of the Millennium
Bug : 62.4 percent plan to avoid traveling by plane, 61.5 percent will
withdraw money from the bank, and 58.6 percent will purchase extra supplies
in case of a shortage.
 (c) Copyright 1998 by DCI (978) 470-3880
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email

@_date: 1998-11-26 10:52:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: the economist on cybercash 
on disappointing/lackluster acceptance of digital
cash.. mondex,visa,1st virtual,digicash etc

@_date: 1998-11-27 03:24:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: enemy of the state movie 
fun wired article on new movie "enemy of the state"
with privacy /cpunk implications. bamford quoted,
info on NSA, rotenberg, spy satellites, etc.
happy xgiving folks
I am thankful for cyberspace

@_date: 1998-11-27 03:24:30
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: old posts saved/archived/privacy article, salon 
salon article on how old posts are saved on the net,
and how it affects privacy.  "I felt helpless and
violated" sez one poor hapless chic

@_date: 1998-11-27 03:24:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: salon article reply 
dear Mr. Lasica:
your article is mostly fair and accurate but fails to delve into some obvious and basic issues.
1st, check out david brin's recent book on privacy.. you
cover only a tiny facet of the issues, of people that
argue privacy should be protected. consider a very interesting
alternative view..
2nd: it is easy to take any digital image of a naked woman
and paste the head of any other person on top of it, to the
point that it is indistiguishable from a real picture. tell
this to the mother of the daughter who's naked pictures were
3rd: you fail to mention anonymity/pseudonymity, the starkly obvious
solution to all the pseudo-problems you raise. your article
is fairly mild but reflects the constant refrain of journalists
to phrase every news story as some kind of looming or
scary crisis.
the issues you speak of have been debated among cpunks for
years with more insight. not expecting you to know abut cpunks,
but you coulda done a teeny better on that article.
a decent article nonetheless on important issues..
please purchase a few clues from the nearest cpunks and
try,try again.
take care

@_date: 1998-11-29 08:35:54
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: german hacker death suspicious 
there used to be a lot of conspiracy literature circulating on
the itnernet
on the huge industry/black market of satellite decoding software, TV
decoding software, and encryption systems.. I personally never figured
this out but if someone could point out that material, I'd love to
go back and look at it
here's a pretty heavy article TCM will love
------- Forwarded Message
Murder or suicide? Hacker's death in October still a mystery
Copyright (c) 1998 Nando Media
Copyright (c) 1998 The Associated Press BERLIN (November 27, 1998 3:15 p.m. EST  -- He was a
gifted computer whiz -- one of the best, one who'd made the jump from illegal
tinkering to the legitimate, potentially lucrative business of making codes
crack-proof from hackers like himself.
But when Boris Floriciz was found hanging from a tree in a Berlin park on Oct.
22, his belt around his neck and his feet dragging the ground, it drew attention
outside the tight-knit world of hackers.
His friends wonder whether he was caught up in the murkier side of the trade --
one of spies, espionage and black-market criminals. Was it suicide, as police
suspect? Or homicide?
At 26, Floriciz seemed headed for a great future. He'd just finished his
computer science degree. International firms sought him as a consultant. He was
happy, say
his friends, who cannot believe he would take his own life.
Floriciz's friends wonder if he had become a threat to someone on the wrong side
of the business, leading to his death.
"That was not a personal decision," Andy Mueller-Maguhn, a friend and fellow
member of the Chaos Computer Club said. "For sure not. That was murder."
things apart to see how they worked. "Radios, television, clocks, the lawnmower
- - -- nothing was safe from him," his father told Stern magazine.
He dissembled a telephone booth to get at computer data inside. He was the first
hacker to crack the microchips on Deutsche Telekom telephone cards, used at
pay phones in Germany. His homemade card reloaded as the credit ran out.
After getting caught in 1995 and sentenced to probation, Floriciz "felt the need
to draw the line," said Mueller-Maguhn.
He joined Chaos, a 10-year-old group of computer devotees, and he went back to
college, earning his diploma in September by developing a scrambler to encode
telephone calls on high-speed, digital lines.
German media reports say Floriciz also was working on cracking decoders for pay
television -- a booming business spreading across Europe. One of the key
players is Robert Murdoch, whose digital broadcasting research firm NDS Ltd.
contacted Floriciz two years ago about being a code-design consultant.
"He was an exceptionally talented engineer," said Margot Field, spokeswoman at
the firm's London headquarters. NDS wanted to hire him, but couldn't move
forward because Floriciz hadn't yet graduated or completed his compulsory
military service. The firm's last contact with him was in June.
NDS apparently wasn't the only one interested in Floriciz.
His father says Floriciz talked several times about being approached by people
he suspected worked for spy agencies, which are believed to have mined the
world for talent in the past.
Just a few months ago, Germany's spy agency tried to hire a hacker to get
secrets out of Iran's military computers, the Chaos club said. But the contact
when the hacker got Chaos involved.
Floriciz may also have attracted black marketeers of counterfeit chips for
telephone cards and mobile phones. Deutsche Telekom estimates it loses millions
dollars each year from counterfeit cards. And industry officials worry that TV
decoder chips offer gangsters even bigger profits on the black market.
Money wasn't a lure for Floriciz, his friends say. He preferred to post his
research on the Internet for all to see -- and use.
"It was all the same to him if others raked in the bucks from what he
developed," one friend, Daniel, told Stern. "The main thing for him was that he
had proven what
he was great at."
Mueller-Maguhn says Floriciz's open attitude about his work might have
threatened those who didn't want competitors horning in on their business.
"He had lots of jobs, but he didn't want to become a slave of one company," he
said. "Maybe that was a problem."
Floriciz left his mother's apartment on Oct. 17 at about 2 p.m. She didn't think
he'd be gone long, because he didn't take his laptop computer.
He never came back. Calls to his mobile phone went unanswered.
A passerby found his body five days later. His phone, keys, ID card and money
were with him, evidence police say points to suicide. No sign of a struggle.
stolen. No drugs.
Detectives are waiting for test results -- fingerprint fragments or chemical
traces -- before making a final determination.
The Chaos Computer Club is putting together its own report, which it plans to
release at its annual convention Dec. 27-29 in Berlin. Already, the death notice
the club's Web site states what Floriciz's friends believe happened:
"The circumstances under which he disappeared and his extraordinary capabilities
lead us to the conclusion that he became a homicide victim."
By PAUL GEITNER, Associated Press Writer 

@_date: 1998-11-29 07:34:12
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: govt/business incest 
on the incestuous relationship between govt and business...
heh doesn't mention the DEFENSE industry, also for anyone interested, noam chomsky has many good
books out on these subjects
------- Forwarded Messagone
   Date:         Sat, 28 Nov 1998 08:24:26 -1000
   From:         Jonathan David Boyne      To:         Undisclosed recipients:;
By Norman Solomon  /  Creators Syndicate
     For many years, across the United States, huge quantities of
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Don't lose your email when you move, change jobs, or switch ISP's.
Click here to get free and permanent email from NET
Free Web-based e-mail groups --

@_date: 1998-11-29 11:28:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: y2k/gary north delusions 
I've been reading gary north for quite awhile and think
he is quite brilliant on some issues. for example he was
quoting statistics about amt of time it takes to fix code,
cost per line, govt agencies etc. a long, long time ago.
he really zeroed in on the govt bureacrat "ostrichism"
early on.. anyway I hate to say that I think he is really losing his
mind lately.. no there are going to be some serious y2k problems,
but imho the bottom approaches "garbage".. any talk of riots,
mobs, martial law, stockpiling weaponry, roving bandits
etc. seems to me to be really way off base to say the least.
now people have been talking about this, but I've never seen
gary north go quite that crazy.
all the quoting of obscure, fictitious b-grade movies in this article
makes me think he is really living in a fantasy world. now
this is a shame because some of his research is some of the
most solid and ahead-of-time than anyone on the entire net,
by far. his site is a work of art in tedious archival,
compilation, indexing.
gary, take it easy. take a vacation. take a deep breath.
well posted for your own opinion
------- Forwarded Message
Gary North's REALITY CHECK
Issue November 17, 1998
       CLOCKS TICK, BUT MOST PEOPLE IGNORE THE SOUND
     Tonight we will go through the Leonid meteor shower. Scientists tell us that this one will not match the 1966
shower, nor will it match the one a year and a day from
now.  But we will probably lose a few major satellites. Any company that has insured satellites has just entered a
higher-risk period.
     Astronomy is a precise science.  It can predict events
such as this one with remarkable accuracy.  The astronomers
do not know how intense this shower will be, but they know
for certain that tonight will be the highest density night. Some think it will be a bump in the highway, but others
think it could be worse for our satellites.  This reminds
me of y2k forecasts.
     I shall go out tonight to see the shooting stars.  I
was on top of a hill in a desert area in 1966, lying on the
trunk of a car, looking up.  I did not know about the
Leonids.  I just happened to be in the right place to see
them.  The shooting stars came every few minutes.  Never in
history had there been so many -- and records of the
Leonids go back to the tenth century.  I'll never forget
it.  I'll never forget y2k, either.
                   IGNORING THE OBVIOUS
     There are millions of people who know that y2k is
coming.  They will put this out of their minds until the
last minute.  They will pay no attention until events force
themselves on men's perception.  Then they will say, "Why
didn't anyone tell me?"  There are several answers: (1) the
watchmen did not believe the evidence; (2) risks to the
reputations of watchmen are high and rewards are few; (3)
almost no one would have listened anyway.
     Let me give another example.  I have mentioned in
"Remnant Review," but not on my Web site, since it is not a
y2k issue.  But it is surely an ignored deadline issue. Brady II goes into effect in just a few days: December 1. buy a shotgun or a rifle without registering and paying a
fee.  Their names will be placed in an FBI computer, even
though this is illegal and the authorities know it's
illegal.  Where is the ACLU?  If this law applied only to
Blacks, the ACLU would be fighting it.  But since it
applies to everyone, we hear nothing.       There is a scene in "The Trigger Effect" where the two
male characters go into a gun store a few days after the
power has been off.  So do a lot of others.  They are told
that they cannot buy handguns.  There is a waiting period. But they can buy rifles and shotguns.  They buy a shotgun
with what little cash they can scrape together.
     As of December 1, this scene will be inaccurate. There will be an extra fee and the loss of privacy.
     The next step: a prohibition on private gun sales.  To
sell your gun to your next door neighbor, you will have to
take your gun to a gun dealer, who will register the
transaction and impose the 5-day waiting period.  The
President has said that it is his goal to shut down gun
shows.  I think he will be successful.
     Now, I'm not too worried about being in any computer. They will all be dead on 1/1/2000.  But what is obvious is
that those who dilly-dally now will find themselves
competing with people who have cash in 2000.  The collapse
of the banks over the next 16 months will transfer wealth
to the drug dealers on a massive scale.  They will have
cash, and they will be dealing in consumer goods that will
function as money.  Drugs are divisible, recognizable to
users, have a very high value-to-volume ratio, and are
     There is no doubt in my mind that in those
geographical areas where addiction is high, the drug lords
will take over the functions of government.  They will be
armed.  They will have money.  They are ruthless.  And the
police will be absent.  The inner cities of the United
States will become warlord societies within two years.
     Do not live anywhere near one of these areas.  The
criminals and addicts will fan out to extract wealth from
contiguous areas.  The police will be hard-pressed to
respond.  It will take time for martial law to be imposed,
and in most places, there will not be any military
presence.  Neighborhood defense will be based increasingly
on what local residents can muster.  If the locals are
disarmed, then they will be sitting ducks.       Neighborhoods will set up roadblocks with cars.  The
two-car family will become a one-car family.  The number-
one defensive measure a neighborhood can take is a
roadblock.  Criminals will have to get into a neighborhood
on foot.  They will have to get out the same way.
     Easy transportation will disappear in 2000.  Urban
life will move to a crawl.  On that day, you had better
have your water, your food, your non-hybrid seeds, and your
     Nobody else talks like this.  The watchmen are in the
"peace, peace" mode.  That's easy talk in the days before
the shooting starts.  The function of the watchman in the
Old Testament was military.  He warned of an invading army. That's what I'm doing.  The army has already invaded the
central cities.  It is well armed, well organized, and
ruthless.  It will move outward in 2000.
     Rent "The Friendly Persuasion."  It's a great movie. Pay close attention to the pacifism of the Quaker men in
the weeks before the Confederates invaded and the
militarism on the day before.  Talk of peace is cheap
before the shooting starts.
     What I am saying is obvious, but it is not politically
correct.  Today's watchmen are afraid of politically
liberal media reporters who might say, "These people
recommend buying guns!  Oh, woe!  Oh, horrors!"  I pay no
attention.  When I think of any reporter, I think: "Dead
man typing."  He will have no job, no career, no pension,
and no readers in 15 months.  He will be at the mercy of
those around him.       The mentality of the typical reporter is that of the
wife on "the Trigger Effect."  A liberal to the core, she
wanted no part of a shotgun.  The movie centers around her
ideology and the costs that it imposed.  It was not a good
movie, but it surely did portray her in a bad light, which
was well deserved.
     The clock is ticking.  Brady II is coming.  And
millions of people will walk into a Wal-Mart SuperCenter
next month and through all of next year and wonder: "Why
didn't someone tell me I would have to register this
transaction?"  (See the three reasons, above.)
                     ACROSS THE BOARD
     The shock of recognition that rifle-buyers will have
in the next few months will be paralleled in 1999 on an
international scale.  "What do you mean, I can't get cash
out of this bank?"  "What do you mean, you're out of solar
panels?"  (  "What do you mean,
I can't buy an inverter?"  "What do you mean, I can't get
delivery of a diesel generator?"  "What do you mean, you
don't have any deep cycle golf cart batteries?"  "What do
you mean I can't get delivery of a wood burning stove?"
     In 2000, it will be food, water, and electricity.  But
there will be no seller to complain to.  To complain, you
have to be able to speak to someone.  You won't be able to.
     Let's start with the basics: water.  An urban adult
uses 75 to 100 gallons of water a day.  This doesn't count
watering the lawn.  In 2000, how many people will be under
your roof?  Remember, your children may show up on your
doorstep, with wives and children.  Families will pull
together for survival in 2000.  Estimate the number of
people under your roof in 2000.  Now, how much water will
you need per day?
     What if the municipal water authority shuts down? It's goodbye showers.  Goodbye flushing toilets.  Hello sponge
baths and thunder mugs.  I don't think the reality of the
power cut-off will hit most families until someone says,
"Mom, the toilet won't flush."  Then the realization will
dawn at last.  A new, unpleasant world has arrived.
     Disease will begin to spread by the end of the week.
     Every time you take a shower, think of 2000.  Every
time you flush a toilet, think of 2000.  Ask yourself: How
will I do this in 2000?
     People will not do this.  No, not even those who have
read my warnings for two years.  They will not go through
the mental exercise of planning ahead for the basics -- and
water is near the top of any list of basics, right below
heat in the winter.
     There are millions of people who live in high-rise
apartments today.  There will be fewer in February, 2000.
     Let's assume that for the first three months in 2000,
you will not get paid.  The banks will be down.  You will
not be able to write a check or use a credit card.  What
will you do?
     What will your neighbors do?
     What if it's a year?
     If it's a year, it could be a decade.
     What will you do?  What is your exit strategy?
     Have you and your spouse sat down with pencil and
paper and written down your family's exit strategy?  No? Why not?  It's not that I haven't nagged you.
     What of your adult children?  Which ones will be able
to make it through three months of no paychecks?  Of those
that can't, how many will wind up on your doorstep in late
1999?  Or will you wind up on theirs?
     Should you head for the hills?  Wrong question.  What
solid evidence do you have that you shouldn't?
     Should you stay where you are?  What items will you
need in your possession in 2000 and 2001 to make your
decision to stay put a wise one for you and all of your
closest relatives, who will show up on your doorstep if
they know that you have prepared?  That is to say, have you
prepared for every close family member who will be in
trouble in 2000?  No?  Why not?
     The clock is ticking.
     Let me give a simple example.  How will you wash
clothes for everyone?  Let's assume that you have water. (Dreamer!)  You can buy a 40-lb. tub of Wind Fresh laundry
detergent from Sam's Club for $10.  It will do 160 loads. For one person, that's a year of washing.  What if you have
10 people under your roof?  You will need 10 tubs for just
one year.  But this product may not be readily available in
2001.  You had better buy 20 tubs.  I'll bet you don't have
20 tubs, even though you can afford $200.  You lack the
storage space.  More important, 20 tubs of detergent point
to all the other things you will need under conditions that
would mandate 20 tubs of detergent.  So, people refuse to
buy enough detergent.
     Now, what about your neighbors?  They will be dirty. Their clothes will be dirty.  You will be clean.  You will
not have lost 30 pounds.  You will be the target of envy on
a scale you can barely imagine today.  You will be
despised.  Will you be ready for this psychologically?
     Of course, you can warn your neighbors now.  They will
not prepare, but they will remember.
     There will be a stream of beggars at your door from
2000 onward.  You may know their names.  "Please, please,
we're desperate."  It won't be a lie.
     When a society loses the division of labor, it loses
just about everything that the urban "good life" requires. If you keep even a fraction of these things -- clean
clothes, for instance -- you will be resented.  Envy is a
powerful force.  "He doesn't deserve it.  It's not right
that he should have so much.  No one should have so much."
     Here is a piece of information you may not have. Sam's Club offers a special service.  It has a 50-page
notebook with all of its products listed, with order
numbers.  Go to the manager and ask for a copy.  Take it
home.  Make a shopping list.  You can order everything at
one time.  Rent a U-Haul or borrow a pick-up truck and pick
up everything.
     The average adult consumes 1000 lbs of food for a year. Half should be vegetables.  You can grow them.  Buy
non-hybrid seeds.  (  Half can be grains.  You can buy 200 lbs of white rice at Sam's
Club for under $60.  The same for pinto beans.
     In terms of food, $300 will feed you for a year. You'll hate the taste by mid-2000, but you'll eat.  How
many of you will spend a whole $300 on food?  Not many. Why not?  Because if they might need this much food,
they'll need water, and they know they can't get enough
water in 2000.  They would have to move, or put in four
1,500-gallon cisterns and gutters, or buy a swimming pool. They won't do it.
     My suggestion: rent "The Trigger Effect."  Then make
up your mind about where you should live in 2000.
     For those who want a public presentation, which can be
used to persuade people who have not read much about y2k,
my Harrison, Arkansas y2k town meeting tape is effective. You can see representatives of the public utilities and a
local bank deal with y2k.  The question and answer session
is especially useful.  It sells for $39.95: call 903-839-8822.
- - --------------------------------------------
Reality Check
- - --------------------------------------------
To unsubscribe from this list, send a message containing "unsubscribe" to: remnant-list-request
If you have questions please contact ice
- - --------------60B23B773DFEE8A7DA22A23D--
- - --------------12214D0997E9CA46C4BB380C--

@_date: 1998-11-18 14:34:03
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: CJ Update 
the CJ update is sad/interesting.
the story about the psychologist asking him about his tax
resistance or failure to file a return is a big red flag.
that's jim bell's problem. so it looks like a lot of this
is about trying to scare the bejeezus out of people who think
that paying taxes is bogus. notice how the psychologist implied
that not filing taxes or being a tax protester is a sign of
insanity.. well hell I'm sure that's what the english royalty
felt about the colonies at the time!! we have met the enemy,
and the enemy is us!!
CJ complains that letters are not getting to him, or that
his mail is being read. I propose CJ try to set up a secure
conversation with someone and establish a code with the
outside world. being a cpunk with a lot of intelligence
he will understand this  very well.   also you could even
set up codes in which you are not using actual words. but
transmitting something else that the authorities will not
interfere with, but which contains info. for example chess-by-mail
moves could conceal codes. (I heard one rumor they were censored
during WWII)
also ingenious schemes could be used to determine if you are
missing mail. CJ numbers all his letters to the outside world
and uses a single point of contact to send mail to. that person
also numbers all mail sent to CJ. CJ then knows what is not
received. both sides should catalog/inventory what they are sending/receiving.
if CJ is fighting the truth, I don't think he is wise. did he
really plant a bomb?? if so, I think it would be wise to plea
bargain on that one. CJ doesn't realize that they may have far more
knowledge about what they can get him for than he does, and he may
regret not taking a plea bargain down the road. CJ, don't try to be a joan-of-arc, or you might get burned at the stake.
sounds like what would be very valuable to CJ right now is a little
law books on the charge relevant to him, and maybe a book like
"defending yourself in court for dummies"
good luck CJ-- I think you will get out of the hole onto a strict
probation, like Bell..

@_date: 1998-12-02 05:01:32
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: y2k+oil refineries 
a disturbing post on the idea that maybe embedded systems
in refineries are so "embedded" they can't even be reached/
isolated. also hugely ubiquitous....
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1998-12-07 08:29:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: tyranny of corporations 
Exxon merges with Mobil. Citicorp marries Travelers. Daimler Benz gobbles
up Chrysler. BankAmerica takes over NationsBank. WorldCom eats MCI.
Corporations are getting bigger and bigger, and their influence over our
lives continues to grow. America is in an era of corporate ascendancy, the
likes of which we haven't seen since the Gilded Age.
Charles Derber, a professor of sociology at Boston College, believes that,
contrary to the lessons our civics teacher taught us, it is undemocratic
corporations, not governments, that are dominating and controlling
In his most recent book, Corporation Nation (St. Martin's Press, 1998),
Derber argues that the consequence of the growing power of giant corporate
multinationals is increased disparity in wealth, rampant downsizing and
million dollar CEOs making billion dollar decisions with little regard for
average American.
A couple of years ago, Derber wrote The Wilding of America (St. Martin's
Press, 1996) in which he argued that the American Dream had transmuted
into a semi-criminal, semi-violent virus that is afflicting large parts of
the elites of the country.
That book tried to call attention to the extent to which violent behavior
could be understood as a product of oversocialization.
"The problem was not that they had been underexposed to American values,
but that they could not buffer themselves from those values," Derber told
us. "They had lost the ability to constrain any kind of anti-social
behavior -- because of obsessions with success -- the American Dream."
By anti-social behavior, Derber means the epitome of Reaganism -- "a kind
of warping of the more healthy forms of individualism in our culture into
a hyperindividualism in which people asserted their own interests without
regard to its impact on others."
At the time, Derber was interviewed on a Geraldo show about paid assassins
- - -- people who killed for money.
"It was scary to be around young people who confessed to killing for
relatively small amounts of money -- a few thousand dollars," Derber said.
"They said things like -- 'you have to understand, this is just a
business, everybody has to make money.' I pointed out on the show that
this was the language that business usually uses."
At the same time, Newsweek ran a cover story titled "Corporate Killers."
On the cover, Newsweek ran the mug shots of four CEOs who had downsized in
profitable periods and upped their own salaries.
"These corporate executives tended to use the same language as the paid
assassins on the Geraldo show, 'I feel fine about this because I'm just
doing what the market requires,'" Derber explains. "I develop an analogy
between paid assassins on the street and those in the suites. In the most
general sense, these corporate executives are paid hitmen who use very
much the same language and rationalization. I argue that corporations are
exemplifying a form of anti-social behavior which is undermining a great
deal of the social fabric and civilized values that we would hope to
With the hitmen parallel fresh in his mind, Derber began writing
Corporation Nation. In it, Derber points to the parallels between today
and the age of the robber barons 100 years ago -- the wave of corporate
mergers, the widening gulf between rich and poor (Bill Gates' net worth
(well over $50 billion) is more than that of the bottom 100 million
Americans), the enormous influence of corporations over democratic
institutions, both major parties bought off by big business, and a
Democratic President closely aligned with big business (Grover Cleveland
then, Bill Clinton today).
One big difference between then and now: back then, a real grassroots
populist movement rose up to challenge corporate power, though it did not
succeed in attaining its core goals.
Today, while there are many isolated movements challenging individual
corporate crimes, there is no mass movement attacking the corporation as
the cause of the wealth disparity, destruction of the environment, and all
the many other corporate driven ills afflicting society.
Derber, a professor of sociology at Boston College, says that when he asks
his students, "Have you ever thought about the question of whether
corporations in general have too much power," they uniformly say they have
never had that question raised.
Derber says that one good way to again build a populist movement to attack
corporate power is to study the language and tactics of the populists of
100 years ago. He has, and he makes clear in his book that the original
conception of the corporation was one of a public -- not private --
We the people created the corporation to build roads, and bridges, and
deliver the goods. If the corporation didn't do as we said, we yanked
their charter.
The corporate lawyers quickly got their hands around that idea, smashed
it, and replaced it with the current conception of the corporation, a
private person under the law, with the rights and privileges of any other
living and breathing citizen.
Thus, a quick transformation from "we decide" to "they decide."
Derber is a bit too modest to say it, so we will: perhaps the best way to
rebuild a strong, vibrant and populist movement is to get this book into
the hands of people who care about democracy. The corporations have us on
the run, but we should pause for a moment or two, find a quiet place, and
read this book.
Russell Mokhiber is editor of the Washington, D.C.-based Corporate Crime
Reporter. Robert Weissman is editor of the Washington, D.C.-based
Multinational Monitor.
(c) Russell Mokhiber and Robert Weissman
Focus on the Corporation is a weekly column written by Russell Mokhiber
and Robert Weissman. Please feel free to forward the column to friends or
repost the column on other lists. If you would like to post the column on
a web site or publish it in print format, we ask that you first contact us
(russell or rob
Focus on the Corporation is distributed to individuals on the listserve
corp-focus To subscribe to corp-focus, send an e-mail
message to listproc with the following all in one line:
subscribe corp-focus  (no period).
Focus on the Corporation columns are posted on the Multinational Monitor
web site .
Postings on corp-focus are limited to the columns. If you would like to
comment on the columns, send a message to russell or
- - ------=_NextPart_000_0027_01BE20F3.6E8982C0--
- - --------------81265CC28DD038A0DC2CB928--

@_date: 1998-12-09 08:48:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: wassenar crypto agrmt/wiretapping 
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sponsored by NextCard Internet Visa.
Free Web-based e-mail groups -- - - --------------F29987D12CAF6600E1F2D03D--

@_date: 1998-12-09 08:49:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: libertarians advocate suing govt 
Date:         Tue, 08 Dec 98 01:02:13 PST
   From:         announce
     To:         announce (Libertarian Party announcements)
- - -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
NEWS FROM THE LIBERTARIAN PARTY
2600 Virginia Avenue, NW, Suite 100
Washington DC 20037
For release: December 8, 1998
For additional information:
George Getz, Press Secretary
Phone: (202) 333-0008 Ext. 222
E-Mail: 76214.3676
A radical idea: Why can't people sue
politicians for their deadly programs?
        WASHINGTON, DC -- If politicians can sue gun and tobacco
companies for damages caused by their products, why can't ordinary
Americans sue politicians for the destruction caused by their products:
Government programs?
        "Government programs -- such as wars, exploding automotive air
bags, and grisly radiation experiments -- have killed and maimed tens
of thousands of Americans over the years," said Steve Dasbach, national
director of the Libertarian Party.
        "Americans shouldn't tolerate a double standard of justice, one
for the politicians and one for the people. It's time to start holding
the government accountable."
        What started Libertarians thinking in this direction? The fact
that 41 state governments are about to divvy up a $40 billion
settlement against tobacco companies, said Dasbach -- and the fact that
several big-city mayors are deciding whether to join New Orleans in its
lawsuit against gun manufacturers.
        With those legal actions serving as an inspiration, he said,
why not prosecute the government for:
        * War deaths: "Recent military actions totally unrelated to
U.S. national security -- like those in the Persian Gulf, Lebanon,
Panama, and Somalia -- have claimed hundreds of American lives,"
Dasbach said. "If gun company executives can be held liable when
criminals use guns irresponsibly, why not hold presidents and
Congressmen liable when they use American troops irresponsibly?"
        * Cancer deaths: "The federal government admitted last year
that Cold War nuclear tests exposed 230,000 Americans to high levels of
radioactive iodine, and may cause 75,000 people to develop fatal
thyroid cancer," Dasbach said. "If it's fair to force tobacco companies
to pay for smoking-related illnesses, it's fair to force the government
to pay for legislation-related illnesses -- like thyroid cancer."
        * Air-bag deaths: "According to the federal government, 49
children have been killed by government-mandated air bags," Dasbach
said. "Their grieving parents ought to file wrongful-death suits
against the Congressmen who demanded this law and the Transportation
Department bureaucrats who wrote it."
        * Alcohol-related deaths: "Eighteen state governments control
the liquor stores that operate within their borders," Dasbach said. "So
why aren't those state politicians and bureaucrats sued for the cost of
every alcohol-related car crash?"
        * Deaths caused by gun-control laws: "According to a landmark
study last year by criminologists John R. Lott and David B. Mustard,
the refusal of 24 state governments to pass concealed-carry laws caused
an additional 1,414 murders, 4,177 rapes, and 60,363 aggravated
assaults in 1992 alone," Dasbach said. "Residents of these states ought
to file an immediate injunction to prevent these victim-disarmament
laws from causing more innocent blood to be shed."
        * Deaths caused by criminals on parole: "According to
Department of Justice figures, murderers are freed from prison an
average of 11.6 years before their full sentence expires; armed robbers
are sprung 5 years early; and rapists are back on the streets 5.9 years
early," Dasbach said.
        "The politicians who handed these murderers, robbers, and
rapists get-out-of-jail-early cards -- usually so they could fill the
jails with people convicted of victimless crimes -- ought to be charged
as an accessory to every crime these violent thugs commit."
        * Gambling-related suicides: "Heavily advertised
state-sponsored lotteries siphon billions of dollars a year from
America's poor, and are directly responsible for uncountable numbers of
gambling-related bankruptcies, suicides, and broken homes," Dasbach
said. "Since politicians addicted to taxes are harming vulnerable
Americans addicted to gambling, shouldn't the state officials who run
these destructive lotteries be held personally responsible?"
        But Libertarians aren't holding their breath waiting for the
government to be brought to justice, Dasbach admitted.
        "Courts have consistently ruled that government is protected
from prosecution by the legal doctrine of sovereign immunity," he said.
"According to the courts, death-by-government programs are not against
the law.
        "But wouldn't America be a much safer country if politicians
were held to the same standard as any other individual?
        "Unfortunately, unless that happens, prosecution-proof
politicians will continue to escape the consequences of their
actions -- while hypocritically sending ordinary Americans off to
- - -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.6.2
- - -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
The Libertarian Party                                      2600 Virginia Ave. NW, Suite 100                          voice: 202-333-0008
Washington DC 20037                                         fax: 202-333-0072
For subscription changes, please mail to  with the
word "subscribe" or "unsubscribe" in the subject line -- or use the WWW form.
- - -- "See God in Every Eye" --Inanna, Goddess of Love
V.S. Ferguson
author, Inanna Returns and Inanna Hyper-Luminal
- - --------------54D4A0A30C2370EF22396E74--

@_date: 1998-12-09 09:45:36
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: spy cameras 
-Caveat Lector-
- -
Smart spy cameras on the way
By Patrick Hook
POLICE scientists are close to a major breakthrough that will allow CCTV
cameras to "recognise" criminal activity.
Using leading-edge neural and pattern recognition technologies,
developed for space and defence applications, scientists are confident
that it will shortly be possible to police whole areas of the country
automatically and alert the authorities to criminal activity.
Speaking at a recent London conference organised by the research and
development group SIRA, Dr Mike Taylor, head of technology operations at
Scotland Yard, said the main barrier to the development of such a system
was the quality of the images that were generally produced by existing
CCTV equipment.""It is perfectly feasible to develop software which can
distinguish certain actions, but the quality of image capture means that
it is often difficult to see exactly what is going on," he said.
"The quality is, it seems, in direct proportion to the amount of effort
that users are prepared to invest in such systems. Since its
introduction more than 20 years ago, the need for such technology has
increased, and intelligent sensory information processing and
information fusing is going to play a very key part in crime management.
The next step is to add other sensory devises such as microphones to
pick up the sound of breaking glass and sensors that can detect the
smell of particular substances and trigger an appropriate  response."
The work is part of a research programme into an area of security that
has been identified by the government's Foresight Challenge as a
priority for further study. Drawn from a range of organisations,
including the police, the Defence Evaluation and Research Agency and the
Home Office, the work of the team is being partly funded by Brussels.
Most of the research is centred on the fusing of information from
several sources to present a more accurate report of what the CCTV
camera has seen.
"The additional cost of a microphone or other sensor is not likely to be
great," said Taylor, "and should make a significant difference to the
ability of the police to detect criminal activity."
Not everyone is enthusiastic, however. John Wadham, director of Liberty,
said: "It's difficult to see how this kind of technology would work
accurately in practice. It could result in officers' time being wasted
investigating incidents - and indeed individuals - which turn out to be
entirely innocent. I do wonder whether we have enough surveillance
already. Surveillance technology is better at protecting property than
people and is still not adequately regulated to protect privacy."

@_date: 1998-12-09 10:32:34
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [CTRL] Feds And FDIC To Monitor All Your Personal Financial Activities 
-Caveat Lector-
Feds And FDIC To Monitor
All Your Personal Financial Activities
The following is direct quote from the first page of FDIC document (6174-01)
(12 CFR Part 326) Notice of proposed rulemaking.
"SUMMARY: The FDIC is proposing to issue a regulation requiring insured
nonmember banks to adopt and maintain "Know Your Customer" programs. As
proposed, the regulation would require each nonmember bank to develop a
program designed to determine the identity of its customers; determine its
customers' sources of funds; determine the normal and expected transactions of
its customers; monitor account activity for transactions that are inconsistent
with those normal and expected transactions; and report any transactions of
its customers that are determined to be suspicious, in accordance with the
FDIC's existing suspicious activity reporting regulation. ---"
The things to be very concerned about in this case are the PROFILE PARAMETERS
that in turn define the various limits that when exceed, qualify as an
exception to the norm and thus must be reported to another federal agency, as
a suspicious transaction. There is virtually no limit to the number or type of
profile parameters that can be established. For example, is the customer an 8
foot tall white male weighing in excess of 400 pounds or is the customer a
four foot tall black female weighing less than 90 pounds. The question or
questions (and there are many questions) then becomes, who will be responsible
for establishing, defining and controlling the limitless number of possible
profile parameters? Who will be responsible for adding, changing and deleting
established profile parameters? Who will be responsible for insuring that this
awesome and massive capability will not be misused and abused by the various
departments of the Federal Government. In other words, is the 8 foot tall
white male an exception to the norm or is the 4 foot tall black female the
exception or, are both the upper limit and the lower limit considered as an
exception to the norm. How about all those in between?
As noted in the quoted SUMMARY of the document identified above, the "key
operative statements" are as follows;
1. Identify its customers. 2. Determine its customers' source of funds. 3.
Determine the normal and expected transactions of its customers. 4. Monitor
account activity for transactions that are inconsistent with those normal and
expected transactions. 5. Report any transactions of its customers that are
determined to be suspicious ---.
Before we briefly examine the five individual requirements noted above, and so
that you will understand where"I" am coming from, please be aware of the fact
that, in addition to being a Baptist Preacher, I have been a Data Processing
Systems Analyst for some 48+ years. At least half of that time was spent
working for the Federal Government, designing and installing total Data
Processing Facilities, from the Presidents Battle Staff, to the Congress, to
the Department of defense, to the local Church name and address data base. I
have written and taught several college courses: (a) Management of Data
Processing Facilities and (b) Systems Analysis. One of the first things that I
always tell the new students in my Systems Analysis class is "In the field of
electronic data processing, your only limitation is you own imagination. If
you can rationalize it in your mind, 'electronic' data processing can do it."
Now, given that background and qualifications let me tell you, in no uncertain
terms, -- I know exactly what the Federal Government is up to. I know exactly
what information they are looking for; I know exactly how to get that
information and I know exactly how they plan to eventually use that
Requirement # 1: Identify its customers. I have no problem with this
requirement so long as that identifying information is limited to name,
mailing address and an account number generated by the "local" financial
institution and assigned to a particular account to provide unique
identification, but absolutely nothing more.
Requirement # 2: Determine its customers' source of funds. This I have a BIG
problem with. Even though the government would like for you to believe that
this requirement is related to identifying "possible" illegal money laundering
by drug traffickers, that is not the only reason they want to know the source
of your finances. Remember now, the ultimate objective of the vast majority of
government regulations and programs are directed at controlling the
"individual." This item required that you advise the bank of all the sources
that you will be receiving money from that you will be depositing in this
particular account. We will expand this item in more detail below.
Requirement # 3. Determine the normal and expected transactions of its
customers. For purposed of this discussion we will consider only four primary
parameters related to deposits and withdrawals against this particular
First: When you established a new checking account you will be required to
identify the number of deposits you expect to make each month and the average
amount of each deposit. For example (a) military retirement pay = $2,000.00,
(b) Social Security Income = $400.00, (c) Rent from income property = $750.00,
(d) Interest from stocks & bonds = $ 300.00, and so on.
Second: You will be required to identify the number of withdrawals you expect
to make each month from this account and the estimated amount of each
withdrawal. For example; (a) Mortgage payment=$ 800.00, (b) Car Payment =
$250.00, (c) College tuition = $ 1,000.00).
Once the average number of deposits and the average amount of each deposit has
been determined and the average number of withdrawals and the average amount
of each withdrawal has been established, it will be very easy to identify all
transactions, in and out, that exceed the established norms for this
particular account. For example should you find a paper bag on the side of the
highway containing 10,000 well used one dollar bills, or Aunt Sue passed away
and left you 10,000 well used one dollar bills and you deposited that windfall
in your checking or savings account, that would immediately be detected as
exceeding the established norms for your account.
Requirement # 4. Monitor account activity for transactions that are
inconsistent with those normal and expected transactions. This requirement
establishes the requirement that each financial institution establish a
procedure to monitor your financial accounts on a regular basis for any
transactions that exceed the established norms as illustrated above.
Requirement # 5. Report any transactions of its customers that are determined
to be suspicious ---. This requirement requires that all financial
institutions immediately report any and all suspicious transactions detected
as a result of deposits or withdrawals that exceed the established norms for
your account.
As I was reviewing the aforementioned FDIC document, as quoted above, I called
a long time friend of mine who is vice president of a local bank that I do
business with. I ask my vice president friend to identify the government
agency(s) to which he would report such a suspicious transaction. His response
was, the IRS and the FBI, at the national level.
My friends, as a long time ADP/EDP Systems Analyst I want you to pay
particular attention to the following.
Whenever a good and successful Information (Data) Processing Systems Analyst
designs a large scale information processing system, such as what we have been
talking about above, he will ALWAYS allow for future expansion of "existing"
applications and processing capabilities and his design work will also allow
for "additional" applications and processing capabilities to be added with a
minimum of additional effort and cost.
Based on my 48+ plus years in the business, let me tell you what you can
expect in the very near future if the proposed "rulemaking" provisions as
defined in the FDIC document identified above are allowed to be implemented.
Please, read the following very carefully because it lays out the route our
government is taking toward a cashless society as required by the design of a
one world government under the United Nations.
1. PRESENTLY ALL recipients of military retirement pay MUST have a bank
account into which their monthly retirement pay is electronically transferred.
The government will no longer pay individual retirees directly, or send their
retirement pay to a home address. This is part of an over all plan to extended
more absolute control over the individual. It has absolutely nothing to do
with economy as the government would have you to believe.
2. In the very near future look for legislation that will "require" ALL
government employees, federal, state and local, to have a bank account into
which their salary will also be electronically transferred, just like the
retired military. In as much as most government employees already have the
direct deposit option available, it requires only vary simple legislation to
complete this phase of the plan.
3. Next you will see legislation that will outlaw the direct payment of all
wages or salaries to any individual, by an employer. All employees who work
for a wage or salary, will also be required to have a bank account into which
the employer will be required to direct deposit their salary. And once again
the legislation necessary to accomplish phase of the plan is very simple and
easy to implement, simply because most business would welcome the reduced
payroll cost. The governments objective here is to eventually make the local
financial institution the only source of legal tender for the individual. At
this point and for the purpose of this paper, legal tender is defined as
dollars, debit cards or other credit cards. When objectives 2 & 3 above have
been fully accomplished, it will then be a very simple matter to implement the
rest of the plan.
Let me explain it this way. The total plan equates to $1.00 (One dollar) When
steps 2 & 3 have been fully implemented, as step 1 has already been
accomplished, that will equate to $ .95 cents of that $1.00. The rest of the
plan equates to only 5 cents out of that one dollar. And just what is the rest
of the plan? It's very simple.
After steps 1, 2 and 3 as noted above have been fully implemented, the only
thing left to do then would be to outlaw all cash transactions and require all
transactions now involving cash, be accomplished through the use of checks or
smart cards followed by the eventual elimination of the checks.
At that point the federal government can then trace, track AND CONTROL ALL
TRANSACTIONS, simply because all transactions will then be processed by
massive computer systems controlled by the federal government. Given the above
accomplishments and current electronic capabilities, the ability to exercise
absolute control over "individuals" provided by the additional five cents
noted above are absolutely mind boggling. There are many, many more reasons
that all Americans should and must oppose implementation of the five (5)
requirements identified above. There are TWO things that every American should
do, immediately. First: All Americans should send a letter to the FDIC
expressing their STRONG objection and opposition to the plan to PROFILE
individual bank accounts for what ever purpose. The FDIC will be accepting
public comments until December 27. Send your comments to:
Robert E. Feldman, Executive Secretary Attention: Comments/OES, FDIC 550 17th
Street, NW Washington, DC 20429
Spectre From the wording of this "Sunshing Act Meeting" chaired by the Board of
Governors for the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC is "only following orders."
Please find below a replica of the *notice*:
[Federal Register: September 28, 1998 (Volume 63, Number 187)]
[Page 51579]

@_date: 1998-12-10 13:18:48
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: lots of juicy y2k news 
The following is a free Y2K alert + analysis from Y2KNEWSWIRE.COM. SPECIAL ALERT
SAN FRANCISCO BLACKOUT!
Guess what, folks: the power system *is* vulnerable to a
domino-effect failure. Earlier today (Tuesday), over one million
residents of San Francisco lost power. According to this WIRED
story (link below), here's what happened (as described by the
WIRED story):
"An electrical power substation about 20 miles south of San
Francisco failed shortly after 8:15 a.m. Tuesday, causing a chain
reaction that tripped the two main power generators in San
Francisco and knocked out power to 375,000 utility customers in a
49-mile square area. Pacific Gas and Electric estimated that 938,
000 people were affected by the outage."
The story quotes Peter Neumann, author of "Computer Related
Risks," as saying, "The entire power generation, transmission,
and distribution problem is suffering, because there is very
little spare power anymore."
The cause of the problem? According to the power company, "The
cause of the outage was simple human error, which then triggered
a complex sequence of events."
That's frightening. If "simple human error" can cause this, what
might complex human error (i.e. Y2K) cause?
The power outage caused massive problems. The SFO airport
suffered a total power failure and was running on generators, and
BART, the Bay Area Rapid Transit system, lost 17 of its 57 trains.
Elevators were stuck mid-floor and the morning commute was a
THE SAN FRANCISCO REMINDER
This event is a reminder of what can happen when Y2K hits, and
it alerts us to the fallibility of the power services. This was
ONE little glitch. What happens when the Y2K rollover causes a
hundred such problems? Or a thousand? And then you combine those
little glitches with other little glitches from the phone system,
the 911 system, the transportation infrastructure and the banks.
What do you get then?
By the way, this little incident is also going to deplete
inventories of generators in the Bay Area as people finally get
it: Hey, we could lose power! If you live in San Fran and you've
been *thinking* about getting a generator, you're now TOO LATE.
But it's not too late to move out of the city altogether, which
is probably the safest option, considering what might happen if
the power stays off for DAYS instead of hours.
In this case, power was restored within hours to most customers,
but that might not be the case when Y2K hits. Y2KNEWSWIRE
encourages people to stock a 30-day supply of food, water,
medicine, cash and heating supplies in case a much longer power
outage occurs during the 1/1/2000 rollover. Or better yet,
distance yourself from any high-density population center.
AN OVERVIEW OF THE POWER PROBLEM
*  There are few backup power supplies available, so some
failures that used to have backups no longer do
*  Failures DO cascade throughout the system. In this case, one
small substation caused a power loss to one million people
*  Power failures almost immediately bring a city to its knees.
All transportation is immediately threatened, and few businesses
have enough fuel to run generators longer than 24 hours.
*  All it takes is one simple little human mistake to cause one
million people to lose power. What might a complex, unpredictable
problem like Y2K cause to happen?
*  Demands on the power system are higher than ever, and extra
power bandwidth is almost non-existent. There is very little
"extra" to go around if power stations start to fail.
Read the WIRED story at:
Or, an earlier report at:
Fox News reports on it, too, at:
PENTAGON WAY BEHIND ON Y2K REPAIRS
This Union Tribune story (link below) describes the unimpressive
status of the Pentagon's Y2K repairs, stating, "...a recent
Pentagon report states that the Defense Department is behind its
own schedule for rewriting computer software to work after 1999.
While 52 percent of the military's mission-critical weapons and
computers meet Y2K standards, the Pentagon schedule calls for 100
percent compliance by the end of this month."
There's another deadline that won't be met. It's the old
December 31, 1998 milestone, remember?
So what's going on here, really?
"Y2K is taking longer than expected," says John Pike, a military
analyst for the Federation of American Scientists. The Army and
Air Force are 70% behind schedule and 30% of the Navy's systems
are behind schedule. Yet, somehow, the Air Force is promising to
have 85% of its systems compliant in the "coming weeks."
The story also reports how the NSA (National Security Agency)
has only 19% of its systems ready, and some fixes aren't even
scheduled to be done until October of 1999. And that's if they're
DENIAL IN ACTION
With all this in mind, this story reports that John Hamre, the
Pentagon's No. 2 civilian says, "The Department of Defense will
be able to defend the United States of America on the 1st of
January 2000, no question about it." Then another Pentagon
official (unnamed) says *other* countries are still in denial.
THE ACCIDENTAL NUKE LAUNCH THEORY
The nuke launch theory resurfaces in this story, too, with the
"Hobbled by a flat-line economy and deteriorating military,
Russia's nuclear weapons systems are susceptible to the Y2K Bug,
says analyst Kraig. Or, he says, computer glitches in American
early-warning systems might falsely indicate a Russian missile
launch. He suggests that the United States, Russia and other
nations with nuclear weapons stand down their missiles until
potential Y2K problems are resolved."
Link at:
BUT CAN MISSILES REALLY LAUNCH ON THEIR OWN?
Yep. South Korea proved it just last Friday. Read this story:
CIRCUITRY GLITCH LAUNCHES MISSILE IN SOUTH KOREA
While the world debates whether nuclear missiles might be
accidentally launched by a Y2K-related computer glitch, last
Friday saw a fully-armed anti-aircraft missile *accidentally*
fired in South Korea. It killed three people from the raining
This Reuters story reports: "The Korean air force said in a
statement that a circuitry defect occurred as soldiers turned on
a switch which signified that all was ready for inspection.
'Normally the missile cannot be launched with this switch,' the
statement said. 'A circuitry problem, not human error, was the
cause of the accident,' it added."
Obviously, nuclear missile have far more robust safeguards
against accidental launch than an anti-aircraft missile, but the
comparisons are inevitable. At the very least, this incident
proves once and for all that problems with the circuitry
(embedded systems) can cause missiles to accidentally launch.
Read the story at:
(Sorry about the extra-long URL link. You might have to reattach
the two halves if your e-mail program 'wrapped' it.)
WILL GOD PROVIDE?
It's fascinating. Here at Y2KNEWSWIRE.COM, we receive about ten
remove requests each week stating, essentially, "Take me off this
list. I don't need to prepare. God will provide for me."
We're guessing these people forgot about the story of Noah. God
helps those people who prepare, not those who ignore all the
warnings and think of God as some kind of giant FEMA service.
Whether or not you think God will help you through this crisis,
you *still* need to prepare. Don't let your faith in God be an
excuse to do nothing.
The people *best* prepared for Y2K, it seems, are those who are
spiritually, mentally and physically prepared.
MORE DETAILS ON FDIC'S CUSTOMER PROFILING PLAN
We've been called frauds and hoaxers for mentioning the FDIC's
new "Big Brother" plans that would have banks tracking and
monitoring all your private banking behavior and reporting to the
"authorities" any time your behavior veers from what's considered,
Some of you didn't believe this was real. You were skeptical.
So today we're posting the actual link on the FDIC's site that
spells it out. Read it yourself and wake up: the banks and the
FDIC are going to play hardball on this Y2K issue. They'll do
everything in their power to discourage cash withdrawals while
putting a positive spin on it (notice the tame name, the "Know
Your Customer" program!). Why? Because they're fighting for
survival. Here's some of the text from the FDIC site (link below):
"SUMMARY: The FDIC is proposing to issue a regulation requiring
insured nonmember banks to develop and maintain "Know Your
Customer'' programs. As proposed, the regulation would require
each nonmember bank to develop a program designed to determine
the identity of its customers; determine its customers' sources
of funds; determine the normal and expected transactions of its
customers; monitor account activity for transactions that are
inconsistent with those normal[[Page 67530]]and expected
transactions; and report any transactions of its customers that
are determined to be suspicious, in accordance with the FDIC's
existing suspicious activity reporting regulation."
Notice the words being used here: ...determine the identify...
determine customers' sources of funds...monitor account activity..
.report any transactions determined to be suspicious...
suspicious activity reporting regulation.
These are not the ideas that should be promoted in a free
society. These phrases belong in the realm of a Police State,
where every person is monitored in order to "root out the
criminals." Or, in this case, to root out people wanting cash for
What happened to the idea of privacy for American citizens? If
this FDIC regulation passes, you can forget about it. Not only
will federal authorities have the right to dig through your bank
records at their leisure, the people working at the bank will be
legally *required* to snoop on you.
Interestingly, the proposed FDIC Big Brother regulation may
actually accelerate the cash demand as people try to beat the
"Know Your Customer" deadline and get their cash out early. The
FDIC may actually cause its own worst nightmare.
Read the text yourself at:
Want to comment on the FDIC's Big Brother plan? Here's the
information given by the FDIC:
DATES: Comments must be received by March 8, 1999. ADDRESSES:
Comments should be directed to: Robert E. Feldman, Executive
Secretary, Attention: Comments/OES, Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation, 550 17th Street, N.W., Washington, DC 20429.
Comments may be hand-delivered to the guard station at the rear
of the 550 17th Street Building (located on F Street), on
business days between 7 a.m. and 5 p.m. In addition, comments may
be sent by fax to (202) 898-3838, or by electronic mail to
comments Comments may be inspected and photocopied in
the FDIC Public Information Center, Room 100, 801 17th Street, NW,
Washington, D.C., between 9 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., on business days.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Carol A. Mesheske, Special
Activities Section, Division of Supervision, (202) 898-6750, or
Karen L. Main, Counsel, Legal Division (202) 898-8838.
But wait! The FDIC e-mail address given here *doesn't even work!
* It appears the FDIC doesn't really want your comments. We dug
up the right address:
WIGGLE ROOM
Don't ya love these Year 2000 "compliance statements" put out by
banks? Here's one sent in by a reader. It shows *lots* of wiggle
"California Federal Bank has already anticipated these problems.
Our Year 2000 Project Team has conducted a comprehensive review
to determine the changes we need to make to our systems. Some of
the modifications are currently being made, and we expect to test
and have the majority of the modifications functioning by
December 31, 1998. I hope that I have been able to address all of
your concerns. If you have any further questions, written
inquiries may be mailed to our Year 2000 Project Team..."
With this kind of statement, even missing the December 31
deadline means you're still "on track" because you can claim that
you never promised ALL the systems would be done on time. Here's
our favorite phrase: "comprehensive review." If you've ever been
part of any committee, you're fully aware of the meaningless of
this phrase.
RIGHT ON TIME, CNN USES THE WORD, 'HOARDING'
Just as Y2KNEWSWIRE warned, some media outlets are going to
start bashing those who are smart enough to prepare for Y2K.
Right on cue, CNN publishes this AP story entitled, "Worry over
Y2K sparks hoarding of dried foods."
See it at:
WATCH CAREFULLY! Watch for the gerund "hoarding" to metamorph
into a plural noun: "hoarders!" It will happen, and when it does,
that's a sign that the mainstream is beginning the attack on
those who prepare. We predicted it months ago, and you'll see it
soon enough, because the people who waited until the last minute
are going to be angry when they can't find the supplies they want.
And who will they blame? Those who prepared early, of course.
That is, unless the folks in Washington show some leadership and
actually encourage people to take some common-sense, basic
preparations. In fact, just today, Y2KNEWSWIRE issues a
nationwide press release urging John Koskinen to take some action
on this. Read our statement at:
DETAILS ON THE POSTAL SERVICE?
There's one government agency we haven't heard much from on Y2K
yet: the postal service. If you work for the USPS and you'd like
to tell us what you know about its Y2K preparedness, give us a
shout at tips
We'll keep you anonymous, of course, so you don't get fired.
MISSOURI DEPT. OF HEALTH DEMANDS DOCTORS PROVE THEIR COMPLIANCE
The Missouri Dept of Health is getting Missouri doctors hot
under the collar. A recent letter sent to all Missouri-based
health practitioners commands them to present detailed
descriptions of the steps they've taken to make their computers
Y2K-compliant. These must be returned by December 24th of this
year, and those who are late will receive stiff penalties.
Our guess is the Mo. Dept. of Health isn't even compliant yet.
More importantly, this brings up a critical Y2K point: you can't
just DEMAND everything be fixed on time. That doesn't mean it
will be fixed. China is trying this right now, threatening
criminal sentencing for companies that don't get compliant in
time. (Wow, neat trick.) The state of Florida is trying something
similar, although probably without the China-style imprisonment.
It's hilarious to see bureaucrats beat their heads against the
wall on this. They're so used to passing laws to change peoples'
behavior, they think it applies to Y2K as well. They think they
can just *regulate* the results of Y2K repairs, actually causing
things to be fixed by simply demanding so.
If anything, Y2K is going to laughingly demonstrate the futility
of over-legislation. If you criminalize "not being compliant,"
you don't solve the problem, you just end up with LOTS of
criminals after 2000.
FCC WORRIED ABOUT PLANES HITTING TOWERS
As often as the Y2K skeptics refer to, "planes falling out of
the sky," they almost never give it the serious thought it
deserves. There are, in fact, a dozen or more ways planes can
actually "fall from the sky," all related to Y2K.
The FCC recently revealed yet another one we haven't thought of
yet: planes hitting unlit radio towers. In fact, this scenario
has the FCC so worried, they recently issued an "Antenna
Structure Lighting Responsibilities" statement. Their summary of
the problem leaves nothing to the imagination. They say,
"Y2K-related problems could cause a structure's light systems to
fail, which will create a hazard to air navigation.
Computer-controlled devices, such as those found in automatic
monitoring and control systems used for antenna structure
lighting, are vulnerable to Y2K-related malfunctions, and may
fail. Commercial electric power sources may also fail, leaving
antenna structures vulnerable to blackouts."
The statement goes further, saying, "The Commission considers
all light outages and malfunctions as extremely serious
situations. We therefore expect antenna structure owners (and
licensees, who are secondarily responsible in the event of
default by the owner) to become aware of the ways in which
Y2K-related problems may affect their light systems, and to be
prepared to promptly report and remedy all outages and
Can you say, "Y2K lawsuit?" We already know that at least *two*
planes are going to be in the sky that night: one carrying Jane
Garvey and the other carrying John Koskinen. Suppose one of these
hits a radio tower (because the lights mysteriously went out).
Major lawsuit time. The FCC has already warned the holders of the
FCC licenses they are, "secondarily responsible" for such events.
In lawyer-speak, that means KA-CHING! Pass the bankroll, buddy,
you just bought yourself a 747.
To review some of the many various ways planes can actually fall
out of the sky:
1) Ground control radar could fail, causing the planes to run
out of fuel.
2) Electronics in the plane itself could fail, causing the pilot
to lose control of the aircraft, resulting in a crash.
3) Navigation electronics could fail, sending the plane into a
mountain or straight into the ground.
4) Faulty air traffic control could result in a mid-air
collision, taking out *two* planes at once.
5) Problems with refueling systems or fuel indicators could make
the ground crew or the pilot think the plane has more fuel than
it does, causing a mid-air depletion of fuel (doesn't seem likely,
but it's one more potential scenario).
Read the FCC details at:
THE Y2KNEWSWIRE MAIL BAG
(Actual e-mail sent from readers.)
"Greetings. I had quite a disturbing reality take place today. I
live in Seattle, WA and I bank with Seafirst, a northwest bank
owned by Bank of America. I went to my local bank with the
intentions of withdrawing my menial savings account of
approximately $3,000. I walked into my bank, filled out a
withdrawal slip, and approached a teller. When the young woman
behind the counter saw the amount that I was trying to withdrawal,
she literally began to panic. She had a brief conference with a
few of her co-workers and then informed me that the bank did not
have the cash to give to me! They were literally "out of money"
as she told me. "You could try and come back later today and we
MIGHT have enough then" she told me. I began to think what a
scary situation we are going to be witnessing when 10 people try
to withdraw just $3,000 each from their accounts! Y2KNEWSWIRE ASKS FOR YOUR HELP
Have you recently received a notice from your bank designed to
limit your access to your own money? If so, we'd like to hear
about it. One reader sent in this notice:
"In accordance with Federal Reserve Regulation D, [bank name]
will continue to reserve the right to require a 7-day notice on the withdrawal of funds in any money market or savings account."
We suspect banks are quietly taking action to place limits on
your ability to get cash. If you have evidence of this at *your*
bank, you can e-mail us at tips
- - - Webmaster
Get ready for Y2K, read the Y2K Sourcebook
Get the inside sources for stocking up now
Tell a friend about the free Y2KNEWSWIRE.COM e-mail alert:
Sign the banking crisis petition, help save the banks!
This e-mail message is subject to the following disclaimer:
All statements made herein, and made since August of 1998,
are Year 2000 Statements and are retroactively protected
as Year 2000 readiness disclosures under the Good Samaritan Act
This message brought to you by: Y2KNEWSWIRE.COM
Feel free to forward this e-mail to anyone.
This may be posted on any web site if credit is given to:
To be removed from this e-mail list, simply go to
the following web address:
Or forward this section to removes
Join the "believers-only" free Y2K e-mail newsletter:
HOW TO REACH US:
If you have a hot tip for us (anonymity assured):
If you have a compliment:
If you want to be added to the subscription list (free!), visit
 and enter your e-mail address in the
sign up box located at the upper-left corner of the page.
If you have a complaint:
For questions about ordering:
For any other comments:
- - --------------0220774A6B2AF7E94E7A812F--

@_date: 1998-12-17 05:03:15
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: y2k+weapons 
finally a good analysis of the weaponry situation.. surprised
it has taken this long for anyone to write something like this.
hopefully most weaponry systems will have failsafe mechanisms
that prevent them from being shot off. in other words, they
will malfunction, they will not work or be launchable.. worst
case scenario of course is that they launch..!!  the analogy
is sort of like with stop lights. how horribly will they fail?
for example stop lights could fail and just blink in all 4
directions, or they could be green in all 4 directions.. both
are a failure, but the latter is more like a "catastrophic"
failure.. with weapons, inoperability is a failure, launching
is a catastrophic failure.
------- Forwarded Message
Delivered-To: pswann
Organization: St Lawrence Centre for the Arts
Encoding: 119 TEXT
Science for Peace
Media Release
For immediate release - December 1998
Y2K and Nuclear Weapons Command and Control Systems
Toronto - There are over 35,000 nuclear weapons remaining in the world
today.  These arsenals contain the destructive power of 650,000 Hiroshima
bombs. Thousands of these weapons, mostly land-based ballistic missiles and
submarine launched missiles are in a state of ready deployment.  That is
their warheads, which contain the nuclear fissile material, are attached to
their delivery systems.
Computers have become increasingly central to nuclear operations but they
have not been without their glitches and serious flaws. During the Cold War
computer malfunctions produced several serious false alarms of missile
attacks, and during the Gulf War computer malfunctions contributed to the
failings of the Patriot anti-missile system.
"Both Russia and the U.S. are believed to have a "launch on warning"
policy, so that a retaliatory launch is made after an adversary's missile
is detected, and before the warhead impacts.  Thus a single accidental or
unauthorized launch could result in wholesale nuclear war." says Dr. Alan
Phillips of Science for Peace.
"When you factor in the Y2K computer problem an already dangerous situation
becomes untenable", says Calvin Gotlieb from Science for Peace.  "A Y2K
meltdown in the nuclear systems of any one of the nuclear countries - the
U.S., Russia, China, France, Britain, India, Pakistan and Israel (an
undeclared nuclear state) would spell disaster."
Dr. Barbara Simons, President of the Association for Computing Machinery
"I am not going to worry about whether or not my VCR might become confused
on 1/1/00.  The worst case scenario is not especially bad.  I am, however,
going to worry about whether or not a computer that controls a major
weapons system becomes confused on 1/1/00."
Research findings by a number of different agencies and experts, both
inside and outside the U.S. Dept. of Defense (DOD), show "no confidence" in
the Pentagon's present program to meet the Year 2000 challenge.  The DOD
weapons systems utilize millions of 'embedded systems' in the form of
microchips and microprocessors.  U.S. Deputy Secretary of Defense John
Hamre has admitted that, "everything is so interconnected, it's very hard
to know with any precision that we've got it fixed."  This was the U.S.
state of affairs after 2 billion dollars had been spent trying to fix it.
 There is little information coming out of Russia about their progress with
Y2K problems, but we can safely surmise that all can't be well given their
diminished resources.
David Parnas, the NSERC/Bell Industrial Research Chair in Software
Engineering at McMaster University is concerned about the risks posed by
the Y2K computer problem and nuclear systems. He says that, "The US
military establishment is heavily dependent on computers for communication,
intelligence and for control of weapons.  Computer programs are very
complex constructions.  When a problem is discovered it often takes weeks
to fix.  Often the "fixed" program is still not right and requires further
repair after the revised program is put into service.  Sometimes, programs
that are not date sensitive exchange dates with programs that are and will
fail when those 'partner' programs fail."
The Fail Safe Solution:
All nuclear weapons states need to disconnect their nuclear warheads from
their delivery systems to eliminate the risk of nuclear war by
miscalculation, accident, or the Y2K problem. With proper planning and
sufficient lead-time, it is technically feasible.  In 1991, in the wake of
the coup attempt in the Soviet Union, Presidents Bush and Gorbachev took
thousands of nuclear weapons off deployment in a short period of time.  The
most difficult problem will be providing safe storage for the thousands of
warheads from land-based missiles.  In view of the risks involved in
leaving weapons on ready alert, this difficulty can be easily overcome if
governments start planning now.
We need to hear from NATO, the U.N. and Congress that a multilateral
approach to the Y2K problem is being coordinated.  To date there has been
near silence.  Time is running out for a coordinated approach.
Similar views to those of Science for Peace are held by individual computer
scientists and nuclear physicists, organizations like the Institute for
Energy and Environmental Research and the British American Security
Information Council, both based in the U.S., and Physicians for Global
Responsibility among others.
- - - 30 -
For more information please contact:
Science for Peace Board members:
Dr. Alan Phillips, Science for Peace & Physicians for Global Survival,
Calvin Gotlieb, Professor Emeritus, Dept of Computer Science, U of T
T. 416-978-2986 or 416-482-4509
David Parnas, P.Eng., NSERC/Bell Industrial Research Chair in Software
Engineering, Dept. of Computing and Software, Faculty of Engineering at
McMaster University 905-525-9140x27353 or 905-648-5772
Barbara Simons, President of the Association for Computing Machinery
Arjun Makhijani, Institute for Energy and Environmental Research (U.S.)
For further information on the Y2K issue and other related nuclear issues
see the Science for Peace website at:   Science for Peace is located at University College, 15 King's College
University of Toronto M5S 3H7 Canada.  Tel. 416-978-3606.

@_date: 1998-12-18 12:39:49
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [CTRL] Polygamous Paradise! 
-Caveat Lector-
Take a number...
NEW UTOPIA RISES FROM THE SEA
'Prince' Lazarus Promises to Save Citizens from Death, Taxes
MATT WELCH reports
[Dec. 9, 1998] -- Don't worry, people: Despite delays caused by Hurricane
Mitch, New Utopia will still rise from the waters of the sea in time to
beat the millennial apocalypse.
Lazarus Long, a wealthy 67-year-old Oklahoman whose name was Howard Turney
until three years ago, says his longtime dream of constructing a
libertarian island paradise on top of three shallow Caribbean reefs has
been only slightly postponed by the hurricane's effects on New Utopia's
"We were in the process of negotiating a trade treaty with the Honduran
government officials," New Utopia Information Officer Grace Caswell wrote
on the island's website. "Prince Lazarus had gone to Washington to meet
with the Honduran ambassador to the U.S. He, in turn, was to present it to
President Flores on November 1st. That is the day that the hurricane
'Mitch' struck their country."
"Honduras claims a 200-mile exclusive economic zone, so without recognition
of New Utopia as a sovereign nation we can't begin construction without
risk of being annexed by Honduras at some future date."
If it sounds like these people are talking about building their own country
on a fake island in the sea -- well, that's because they are.
Once an agreement with Honduras is reached, the founders say, the reefs
will be fitted with steel girders and gigantic platforms of pre-fabricated
concrete. Construction of air and sea ports will commence, followed by
housing, a university, an anti-aging clinic, offshore banks and a casino.
Citizens will live in a tax-free constitutional monarchy not too far off
the coasts of Mexico and Honduras. Marijuana will be legal and polygamy
The Ageless Sovereign
His Royal Highness Prince Lazarus Long wants it known that he is not
joking. As Howard Turney, he had a long and successful career as a maverick
businessman after initial stints as a cowboy and soldier. He was in the
restaurant biz, marketed groceries, farmed shrimp and sold used generators,
before having his life changed by the human growth hormone, London's
Independent reported.
In 1990, at the age of 59, Turney was a badly aging mess, with a 44-inch
waist and shaky hands, the paper reported. After reading a report about the
magic of the then-illegal human growth hormone, Long got a connection in
Monterey, Mexico and began mainlining the stuff. Now, without exercising
seriously, he's lost the shakes, has rock-hard muscles and a 32-inch waist,
the paper said.
"I'm 66 going on 40," he told the Independent. "And I've not had any
negative side effects at all."
Moved, Turney founded a network of anti-aging clinics administering the
wonder drug, and made a bundle. It was then that he really began
identifying with one of the signature heroes of the novels of libertarian
sci-fi scribbler Robert A. Heinlein -- Lazarus Long.
In "Methuselah's Children," and especially "Time Enough for Love,"
Heinlein's Long holds forth as an ageless man of wisdom and sex, hurtling
through the centuries with fabulous naked babes on his arm, and dispensing
philosophical tidbits with wit and humor. At age 64, Howard Turney became
Lazarus Long; soon after he declared himself prince of the New Utopia.
As a dispenser of his own wisdom, Long echoes many modern-day followers of
objectivist Ayn Rand when they try to talk about foreign affairs:
"The United States used to prosper because it was relatively free in an
unfree world," he writes on the website. "Now, without changing much
itself, the U.S. is relatively unfree in a much freer world. This creates a
competitive condition, which tends to favor an enclave like Hong Kong,
which practices true free market capitalism, rather than a welfare state
like the U.S., which is committed to burdensome taxes, which penalize
Long tries his hand at a sort of poetry:
"Excellence can be attained if you care more than others think is wise
Risk more than others think is safe
Dream more than others think is practical
Expect more than others think is possible."
A Tropical Venice
New Utopia already has a constitution, a board of governors and more than
500 citizens, the website says. Prospective residents need only to buy a
$1,500 five-year bond, payable at 9.5% compound annual interest. The
projected price tag on creating an island where there is now only water is
$216 billion, which will be financed by Long, citizens, prospective
businesses and old-fashioned real estate developers.
Offshore finance, tourism, medicine and education are targeted as the main
sectors of New Utopia's economy, and Long plans on building a stimulating
environment for the super-citizens.
Utopians will enjoy "classical architecture, immaculate public parks, a
comparable governing body, and a stable political structure, with the same
freedom from crime and taxation," the site says. "Resident citizens and
visitors will experience it more as a tropical 'Venice,' complete with
waterways and gondolas."
Free from messy bureaucracy like property taxes, welfare rolls and industry
regulation, residents will serve as guinea pigs for the newest drugs and
surgical techniques.
"There are things on the horizon that people today can only dream about,"
Long told the Independent. "We are not that far from being able to live
multiples of what we look at now as the maximum lifespan. ... [There are]
things I can't tell you about because they were told me in confidence. ...
Tests and studies are going on. ... Turn your tape recorder off."
For now, New Utopia planners will continue processing immigration requests
from their office in East Tulsa, Oklahoma. The first concrete platform is
now scheduled for January, though the date has now been pushed back at
least six different times. And the pesky Hondurans, currently distracted by
the brutal wreckage of Hurricane Mitch, still need to recognize New
Utopia's sovereignty.
Still, "We are steadfast in our date of December 1, 1999 as the celebration
of our birth as a nation. Even if all the desired infrastructure is not in
place, it will be in the construction phase, the airport will be finished
and the government will be in office."
Get in line at the official website:  DECLARATION & DISCLAIMER
CTRL is a discussion and informational exchange list. Proselyzting propagandic
screeds are not allowed. Substance-not soapboxing!  These are sordid matters
and 'conspiracy theory', with its many half-truths, misdirections and outright
frauds is used politically  by different groups with major and minor effects
spread throughout the spectrum of time and thought. That being said, CTRL
gives no endorsement to the validity of posts, and always suggests to readers;
be wary of what you read. CTRL gives no credeence to Holocaust denial and
nazi's need not apply.
Let us please be civil and as always, Caveat Lector.
To subscribe to Conspiracy Theory Research List[CTRL] send email:
SUBSCRIBE CTRL [to:] LISTSERV
To UNsubscribe to Conspiracy Theory Research List[CTRL] send email:
SIGNOFF CTRL [to:] LISTSERV

@_date: 1998-12-18 12:39:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [CTRL] The Siege: PsyOps Movie Prepares U.S. for Martial Law 
-Caveat Lector-
- Volume 2 Issue 42
The Laissez Faire City Times
December 14, 1998 - Volume 2, Issue 42
Editor & Chief: Emile Zola
The Siege: PsyOps Movie Prepares U.S. for Martial Law
by Uri Dowbenko
The Siege is a slick commercial for the American Police State.
Starting with actual newsclips intermixed with movie footage, a radical
fundamentalist Muslim cleric is taken hostage. President Clinton -- out
of context -- says "I am outraged by it," a speech he made after the
Oklahoma City Bombing. Then he says, "Those who did it must not be
allowed to go unpunished." That was the stump speech for his so-called
Anti-Terrorism Bill, which didn't have a chance of passing before the
Bombing. The mix of "real" newsclips intercut with movie footage -- a
muezzin's calls to prayer and subsequent scenes of slaughter in the
desert -- makes an unsubtle direct correlation between Muslims and
Cut to Manhattan. FBI man Anthony Hubbard (Denzel Washington) has to
deal with a hostage crisis and a bus bomb which turns out to be a ruse.
His partner is Lebanese, an Arab-American named Frank Haddad (Tony
Shalhoub) who is gung-ho and acts as a translator -- until they grab his
kid and put him in the New York Concentration Camp. Understandably that
sours him on the FBI.
Soon enough there's interagency rivalry with CIA woman Elise Kraft
(Annette Bening). She tells the FBI man that "we're on the same team,"
but they both know it's a lie. He tells her "CIA has no charter to
operate domestically." Yuck yuck -- as if that ever kept the CIA from
engaging in criminal activities on US soil.
The subtext of the movie, grounded in real-life history, is that CIA
financed and trained indigenous "rebel" movements around the world, then
unceremoniously betrayed them when US policy changed. The betrayed CIA
"terrorists" then typically returned to US soil becoming pawns in
elaborate spy agency games, which most recently resulted in the New York
World Trade Center Bombing and the Oklahoma City Bombing.
Later, in a flash of realization about her own culpability, the CIA
woman says to Samir (Sami Bouajila), one of the suspected "terrorists":
"Don't tell me we financed your operation?" He smiles disbelievingly at
her naivete.
Disinformation rules in The Siege. Here are the most obvious propaganda
1. Demonizing the Militia. Continuing the mainstream-media propaganda,
Denzel Washington asks his fellow feds in the FBI office, "You think
it's militia?" "Not their style," they answer, as if most militas were
capable of "terrorism" without the active participation by undercover
CIA, FBI, or BATF agent provocateurs.
2. Demonizing the Internet. "Everybody on the Internet knows
explosives," says Washington, spreading the lie about how the Internet
is a tool of subversion and therefore must be controlled. Department of
Justice has lobbied long and hard for anti-internet, anti-cryptography
3. Demonizing Cash. "Where does a guy like you come up with ten thousand
dollars?" the FBI man berates the Arab suspect, implying that cash
anywhere is immediately suspect. According to US State Propaganda, only
"terrorists" or "money launderers" use cash. This reinforces the
suspicion in moviegoers' minds that only "criminals" would have any
concerns about privacy.
General Devereaux (Bruce Willis) takes over when a state of emergency
and martial law is declared in Manhattan. There's a couple of throwaway
lines -- complete with requisite handwringing -- about Posse Comitatus

@_date: 1998-12-18 12:42:41
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [CTRL] NSA Charter from Wiretap 
-Caveat Lector-
Newsgroups: comp.dcom.telecom
Organization: TELECOM Digest
Lines: 322
X-Telecom-Digest: Special Edition: Birth of NSA
{{ This is a special edition of TELECOM Digest sent to the mailing  }}
{{ list this date. Although not strictly telecom-related, I thought }}
{{ Usenet comp.dcom.telecom readers would enjoy seeing it.   PT     }}
TELECOM Digest     Sun, 11 Feb 90 11:35:18 CST    Special: Birth of NSA
Today's Topics:                             Moderator: Patrick Townson
    FOIA Jewel: Original Charter of the National Security Agency

@_date: 1998-12-18 12:39:51
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [CTRL] Fwd: DNA Sample with Every Arrest 
-Caveat Lector-
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
Content-ID: <0_913783891
Content-ID: <0_913783891

@_date: 1998-12-18 12:39:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [CTRL] Y2K Fear May Trigger Early Panic 
-Caveat Lector-
Technology Headlines Monday December 14 10:18 AM ET
Fear Of Year 2000 Computer Bug May Trigger Early Panic
By Neil Winton, Science and Technology Correspondent
LONDON (Reuters) - Even if the ``millennium bomb'' does not explode in the
world's computers just over a year from now, 1999 is likely to see rising
panic as people take precautions against computer failure triggered by the
year 2000.
Experts say the most vulnerable countries include Japan, France, Russia and
Brazil and the most vulnerable sectors are utilities, especially power
``Next year we will see periods of calm broken by occasional news stories
predicting computer systems failures,'' said Ross Anderson of Cambridge
University's Computer Security Research Center. ``My own feeling is that
around August or September panic will start, with hoarding of food and bank
notes. Then the whole thing becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.''
The time bomb has trivial origins. In the early days of computing, programs
saved what was then precious space by abbreviating years to the last two
They knew this could cause problems at the turn of the century because
computers would read ``00'' as ``1900'' rather than ``2000'' and crash or
spew out flawed data. But they thought these programs would be history by
then as technology raced ahead.
They were wrong. Now the fear is that old data systems carrying the
millennium bomb or bug could trigger disasters around the world in
everything from defense, transport and telecommunications to energy and
financial services.
As 1999 progresses, early trigger dates are likely to provide sneak
previews of the chaos that may hit as clocks strike midnight on Dec. 31.
The first is Jan. 1, 1999. Programs used in some accounting systems operate
a rolling year ahead as they set renewal dates for insurance premiums or
bank loans and may crash when they reach out beyond Jan. 1, 2000.
Margaret Joachim, Year 2000 coordinator at data processing services company
Electronic Data Systems Corp. (NYSE:EDS - news), says there are other dates
next year that might trigger computer failure.
``April 9, 1999, the 99th day of the year, and Sept. 9, 1999, which might
be recorded as 9-9-99. This is because programmers often used nines as a
cutoff for a program. A row of nines meant 'don't do this anymore,'''
Joachim said.
The world is in differing states of readiness. Information technology
consultancy Gartner Group says the United States is best prepared, followed
by Canada, Australia, South Africa, Israel and Britain. At the bottom of
the list is Brazil, the world's eighth largest economy and a big producer
of industrial components, commodities and grains.
Brazil is unlikely to be able to confine problems within its borders,
according to a recent report by Edward Yardeni, chief economist for
Deutsche Morgan Grenfell in New York.
Japan's lack of action is also causing concern. The Japanese government
said last month that important industries like finance, transport, energy,
telecommunications and medicine were lagging in year 2000 preparation.
Hong Kong's government has said 80 percent of its critical computer systems
were ready for 2000 as of Sept. 30, 1998, but it is worried about small and
medium-sized businesses.
India does not expect much damage because of its small number of computers

@_date: 1998-12-21 06:56:57
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: major phone company & y2k 
internet company documents suggest severe problems
------- Forwarded Message
Sent:        12/16/98 11:50 PM
Received:    12/17/98 10:37 PM
The following is a free Y2K alert + analysis from Y2KNEWSWIRE.
COM. You signed up for this. Removal / unsubscribe instructions
and e-mail contacts are at the bottom of this e-mail. *Do not*
reply by hitting 'reply' in your e-mail program. To reach us, you
must use one of the e-mail addresses given below. SECRET DOCUMENTS REVEAL Y2K TELECOMM TRUTH: A MAJOR
LONG-DISTANCE COMPANY KNOWS THEY WON'T MAKE IT
(But they won't admit it publicly...)
Y2KNEWSWIRE recently received a collection of internal documents
from an employee of the major long-distance companies. The
documents appear to be genuine. However, to avoid copyright
infringement, we cannot reprint them here.
But we *can* paraphrase the documents without violating
copyright law, and that's what we're going to do in this alert.
We feel it is our responsibility to inform the public the truth
about Y2K problems at large telecommunications companies.
We are withholding the name of the company because frankly, the
name does not matter. We think *all* the major telecommunications
firms are in the same position. The problems described by this
one are not unique. Every firm is playing the same spin game,
avoiding a public admission of Y2K-guilt while privately,
internally, they all know the situation is hopeless.
Here's what we found in one particular document:
[COMPANY] SUMMARIZES THE PROBLEM
In the first part of the document, the company simply summarizes
the Y2K problem.
[COMPANY] ADMITS ENTIRE SYSTEMS COULD BE SHUT DOWN
Mid-way through the documents, the company acknowledges that
corrupt data could cause the shutdown of entire systems. They
quote a study of network switch components conducted by Bellcore,
describing how they were completely locked up after a simulated
2000 rollover.
The company then refers to this as the, "Killer aspect" of the
system. Then, the documents describe the company's ongoing
efforts to solve the problem, pointing out that the deadline,
"absolutely cannot slip."
[COMPANY] ESTIMATES ITS EXPOSURE
The company then says it has between 80 and 100 million lines of
code that might be affected by the Millennium Bug. It goes on to
call the bug a "virus," which is technically incorrect, but close
enough for telecommunications work, apparently.
Then the company describes another test of a Bellcore switch
that experienced a frightening shutdown due to an expiring
license date problem. The switch shut down completely. Another
component apparently worked until April of 2000 (in simulation),
then it, too, shut down as the daylight savings time change was
[COMPANY] ADMITS THEY CAN'T MAKE IT!
Then, the company's internal document claims that fixing the
problem is, "too large a task" to finish in time. There simply
aren't enough staff hours, according to these documents.
The company then goes on to describe a strategy of triage:
they'll accept failures in *some* systems in order to focus on
the BIG ones. And that's the big challenge, they say: identifying
the big systems and getting them remediated in time.
THAT'S IT!
The document then ends with a warning that all documentation is
for internal use only and cannot be distributed outside the
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Publicly, this company is telling people they will complete all
Y2K remediation on time. We now have proof this is a *con job*
designed to deceive customers and investors. And we suspect this
is the situation with *most* companies. Internally, when the
engineers sit around the lunch table, they all know the situation
is basically hopeless. There simply isn't enough time remaining.
But publicly, these companies vigorously defend their positions,
claiming *everything* will be finished before 2000 and using
classic denial phrases like, "We're well on our way..." and, "...
the vast majority of our critical systems will be done."
This is exactly why 2000 is going to be the biggest shocker
we've seen in a generation. It's the moment at which all Y2K lies
and deceptions are revealed. The spin melts away to reality.
IT'S BEEN A WHILE
Americans haven't seen this for a long, long time. Deceptions
are the norm these days, and "truth" and "reality" seem to be
relative -- especially in politics. The people in power have
actually come to believe that words equal reality. If they say it,
it must be true.
Y2K is the one event that cannot be persuaded. It does not
listen to spin and hype. It doesn't have a "mind" to be subjected
to mind games. It will simply happen -- precisely on schedule.
Remember, bureaucrats are not used to operating under these
circumstances. Take the stock market, for instance. Because the
stock market is essentially a vehicle of faith, when Clinton says
the stock market is good, it *is* good because people believe him.
The words have a direct causal effect. Y2KNEWSWIRE thinks
politicians have forgotten that Y2K doesn't work that way. If all
spinsters on the planet gathered together and gave us their best
hype, it would still have zero effect on fixing the Millennium
This is the point they don't understand. Do you wonder why John
Koskinen continues telling people the federal government will
have absolutely no Year 2000 problems? He's in spin mode, not
reality mode. And he seems to believe his spin will somehow solve
the problem.
That's why 2000 will be a reality-check for at least half the
population. Here's a completely objective issue that cannot be
swayed by politics or persuasion. It's a pre-programmed event
designed into the system. It can't be bargained with or reasoned
with. And it most certainly won't listen to spin.
SOCIAL SECURITY LIKELY TO MAKE IT
This is virtually the *only* Y2K-compliance claim we believe.
Social Security is going to make the deadline, no kidding.
Why is that?
They've spent *a decade* (employing over 700 programmers) to fix
the bug. And they'll be done in June of 1999. Aside from the
programmers, over 2800 people worked on the problem.
This is exactly why the claims from other agencies that started
much later -- like the FAA -- are simply lacking all credibility.
Do the math here: 700 programmers x 10 years = 1,750,000
person-days of work. That's fourteen million hours of work, and
that doesn't even count the 2800 *non-programmers.*
So Social Security has spent 14 million hours correcting this
problem, according to their own statement. How many hours has the
FAA spent?
Frankly, we don't know. But to equal 14 million hours in just
two years (because they really weren't seriously working on it
until early 1998), they would need to employ 3,500 programmers
working full time!
WHY WASN'T SOCIAL SECURITY FINISHED IN 1991?
If these projects could really be completed in two years, why
wasn't Social Security done in 1991? Why did it take TEN years to
complete the job? If John Koskinen is to be believed, *all*
federal projects, no matter how late they started, will be done
in plenty of time. And that means two years is quite enough for
most agencies. Why did Social Security take ten, then?
You already know the answer.
Note, however, that without telecommunications or banking,
Social Security's compliance doesn't matter.
Read the details at:
SURVEY REVEALS INSIDER PESSIMISM
According to this San Diego Daily Transcript story (link below),
the Aberdeen Group conducted a survey at November's COMDEX
computer show. Here are some of the more interesting survey
* Less than half are confident their organization's "mission
critical" desktop computer applications will work in 2000
* 20% said their organizations haven't even finished the Y2K
assessment stage
* 53% said they were "unsure" whether their compliant systems
could be effectively shielded from corruption by non-compliant
Read more details at:
U.N. TO DEPLOY Y2K SWAT TEAMS
These are basically "crisis intervention teams" that would visit
countries with the worst problems and try to solve them. Question:
if international transportation is down, how will the SWAT teams
get around? Read the details in this CNN report:
NEW ZEALAND COMPLIANCE PLANS NEAR COLLAPSE
As this "Radio NZ" report reveals, plans to make public sector
groups Y2K compliant are on the point of collapse. Read the
details at:
READER MAIL
"I spoke with my bank (US Bank in Portland) and asked them about
buying gold and silver coins. The bank employee looked at me and
asked, "Y2K?" and I responded "Yes". She told me that I was about
the 150th person this month to inquire about the conversion on
assets to gold. She advised me to call the brokerage division of
the bank."
"At Grand Union in Smithtown, New York, I had a clerk recently
ask me if we
were invaded or something because so many people had packed the
store for the can goods sale. At Waldbaums's in Ronkonkoma, when
they put 20lb bags of
rice on sale (about once a month) they FLY out the door. I saw
one lady buying
"Just a few weeks ago, diesel generators were readily available
in the southern AZ area. Now there are none to be found. We are
looking for one (obviously we postponed too long) and my husband
remembered a large lumber/building supply store in a smaller AZ
town that has always had a large supply of all kinds of
generators (they service many contractors). He drove up there
today and found they had ONE generator, a small 500 watt gas-type,
on the shelf."
- - Webmaster
Get ready for Y2K, read the Y2K Sourcebook
Get the inside sources for stocking up now
Tell a friend about the free Y2KNEWSWIRE.COM e-mail alert:
This e-mail message is subject to the following disclaimer:
All statements made herein, and made since August of 1998,
are Year 2000 Statements and are retroactively protected
as Year 2000 readiness disclosures under the Good Samaritan Act
To be removed from this e-mail list, simply go to
the following web address:
Or: Join the "believers-only" free Y2K e-mail newsletter:
Please ignore this: (for undeliverable pruning only)
HOW TO REACH US:
If you have a hot tip for us (anonymity assured):
If you have a compliment:
If you want to be added to the subscription list (free!), visit
 and enter your e-mail address in the
sign up box located at the upper-left corner of the page.
If you have a complaint:
For questions about ordering:
For any other comments:

@_date: 1998-12-21 07:09:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: NYC's top cop to outline DNA plan: 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
This From: Electric Times Union (Albany, NY), December 14, 1998
NYC's top cop to outline DNA plan:
Proposal aims to use sampling as a strategy against repeat offenders
RICHARD PYLE
Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Police Commissioner Howard Safir is going public with his
proposal for New York City police to take a DNA sampling along with the
fingerprints of everyone arrested -- a proposal already drawing fire
civil libertarians.
Safir planned a speech at a Bronx high school today to formally outline
plan as a strategy against repeat offenders -- especially burglars, auto
thieves and other specialists in property crimes.
"I'm asking myself how am I going to continue to reduce crime,'' Safir
The New York Times in an interview. Crime in New York City has dropped
by 50
percent in the last five years. The murder rate alone has fallen 20
from a year ago and is expected to finish the year lowest level
the early 1960s.
Under Safir's plan, the police would take a swabbing from inside the
suspect's cheek, a standard method of collecting DNA, and put it into a
database for future reference. DNA is the unique genetic blueprint of
person, said by legal and forensic experts to be as reliable as
and far more useful in identifying individuals responsible for certain
of crime.
Safir's plan would require action by the state Legislature to expand the
circumstances under which DNA samples could be taken from criminal
At present, New York state allows testing of felons convicted of 21
types of
violent crime, including murder, rape and manslaughter.
All other states have some form of database of DNA taken from felons,
last October, the FBI set up a long-discussed national DNA database
beginning with 250,000 names, linked to state-maintained databases. Only
Louisiana tests every person arrested for DNA, as Safir suggests for New
York City.
The genetic profile technology became widely known during the O.J.
trial and has been used increasingly in law enforcement, both to
criminals and to exonerate individuals falsely accused or convicted.
Norman Siegel, director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, has
to the proposal, contending that arrest is not sufficient grounds for
authorities to collect personal genetic information, and would violate
Forth Amendment safeguard against unreasonable search and seizure.
Involuntary testing for DNA has been challenged legally by several
of the armed forces and a group of women on California's death row.
Copyright 1998, Capital Newspapers Division of The Hearst Corporation,
Albany, N.Y.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-12-21 07:08:05
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: [Fwd: [FP] "Anti-government groups" fighting "anti-money laundering" regulation] 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
Content-Disposition: inline
Received: by bci for telnet12
 (with Cubic Circle's cucipop (v1.21 1997/08/10) Fri Dec 11 20:24:26 1998)
X-From_: owner-scan  Thu Dec 10 21:46:07 1998
Return-Path: Received: from inferno.serversystems.net (inferno.serversystems.net [207.15.209.253])
Received: (from majordomo
Received: from alpha.airnet.net (page.airnet.net [207.120.51.2])
Received: from scottmcd (207.242.81.215) by alpha.airnet.net (Worldmail 1.3.167); 10 Dec 1998 21:31:48 -0600
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook 8.5, Build 4.71.2173.0
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.2106.4
Importance: Normal
Sender: owner-scan
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: owner-scan
X-Web-Site: X-Mail-List-Info: X-SCAN:

@_date: 1998-12-22 05:39:42
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: Re: Friedman (The Younger) Sings... 
well I personally am very careful to credit
Timmy as the orginal originator whenever I lecture on cryptoanarchy, either
in person or in any "fora" hehehe. modulo whatever
BH has invented on geodesic markets or whatever.
btw I was RBLL at BH's recent rant/diatribe/harangue against
timmy (rolling in my barcolounger laughing) .. you two
truly deserve each other

@_date: 1998-12-22 05:43:02
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: A Little Humor 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
Congress' Night Before Christmas
"Twas the week before Christmas and those sly little elves,
Our congressmen, labored to better themselves.
They cared not a whit what the public might think
"Let them eat cake," some said with a wink.
And putting their thumbs to the tip of their nose,
they waved as they shouted "Anything goes!"
They scoffed at the thought that we might object,
to a tax cut for the wealthy of a posh percent.
They've got prerequisites-franking, per diem, and more --
bargain-priced haircuts and gyms (three or four!)
Paid speaking engagements and meals on the cuff,
celebrity status -- (they've sure got it tough!),
Yet they claim they're in touch with the man on the street,
as John Q. Public struggles to make both ends meet.
If all workers decided what they were due,
they'd be getting those fat paychecks too!
But while we take cutbacks or raises quite small,
and one out of 20 has no job at all,
our millionaire Congress decides on the budget
land trimming Medicare and Medicaid will do it, they say.
In this season for giving, our Congress is taking.
We've had it with them and our backs are breaking.
With hard times, disasters, and layoffs on our dockets,
we bit the bullet and they fill their pockets!
Oh jobless, oh homeless, oh desperate and needy -
dare anyone say our Congress is greedy?
If in this feeling I'm not alone,
take up your pen or pick up your phone.
As dry leaves before the wild hurricane fly,
let the road of your anger mount to the sky.
Indignant, outraged, appalled and beset
let your congressman know that you won't forget!
When election times comes -- and certain it will --
you're voting him out for passing that bill.
More rapid than eagles, their elections assured
they toasted each other and laughed at the herd.
And I heard them exclaim with adjournment at hand,
"Merry Christmas to us, and the public be damned!
The Audit
A man, called to testify at the IRS, asked his accountant for advice on
what to wear.  "Wear your shabbiest clothing.  Let him think you are a
pauper," the accountant replied.  Then he asked his lawyer the same question, but got the opposite
advice.  "Do not let them intimidate you.  Wear your most elegant suit
and tie."
Confused, the man went to his Rabbi, told him of the conflicting advice,
and requested some resolution of the dilemma.  "Let me tell you a
story," replied the Rabbi.  "A woman, about to be married, asked her
mother what to wear on her wedding night.  'Wear a heavy, long, flannel
nightgown that goes right up to your neck.'  But when she asked her best
friend, she got conflicting advice.  Wear your most sexy negligee, with
a V neck right down to your navel."
The man protested: "What does all this have to do with my problem with
the IRS?"
"No matter what you wear, you are going to get screwed."
Does anyone find it strange that we can find humor in the truth?
-> Send "subscribe   snetnews " to majordomo
->  Posted by: BStokes45

@_date: 1998-12-22 06:13:05
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: [Fwd: [FP] Biometric National ID Card Now A Reality] 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

@_date: 1998-12-29 16:37:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [FP] FDIC receives more than 6,000 comments 
SCAN THIS NEWS
DECEMBER 23
 BIG BROTHER BANKING
Record response
to 'Know Your Customer'
FDIC receives more than 6,000 comments
By Gabrielle Stevenson
(c) 1998 WorldNetDaily.com
The process for reading comments on the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation's "Know Your Customer" proposal has already started because of
the increasing number of responses. At last count, the FDIC had received
6,019 responses to the plan.
The most comments received in the past was 3,498, regarding a 1984 broker
deposit regulation.
"Usually we don't get nearly as many," said the FDIC's David Barr.
"Sometimes we only get a 100 or so, and they can be read relatively quickly
for internal use."
Normally the FDIC doesn't read the responses until the comment period has
ended. This time, however, they are trying to get a head start.
"We are trying to see what people are saying," Barr said. "We have gone
through them at least once so far. We do keep them all in consideration.
That is what this whole process is all about."
The FDIC Know Your Customer plan proposes that all banks, credit unions, and
other financial organizations be required to maintain continuous
surveillance of customer's accounts, and report unusual financial activity
to the FBI and other agencies.
[snip] see WorldNetDaily link above for balance of article.
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-12-29 16:33:56
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [FP] National "Know Your Banker" Campaign Kick-off 
SCAN THIS NEWS
National "Know Your Banker" Campaign Kick-off
Following are two combined SCAN notices regarding the "Know Your Customer"
banking proposals, and our own SCAN-proposed "National Know Your Banker"
1ST NOTICE: NATIONAL DIRECT DEPOSIT WEEK
The nation's banks are planning to gradually convert everyone over to
electronic banking. A series of campaigns have been planned with the
objective of getting people to sign up for debit-cards, smart-cards, and
direct deposit banking. (Direct Deposit means that you sign an agreement
with your employer to have you paycheck directly deposited into your bank
account electronically.) Total electronic banking will result in a windfall
profit for the banking industry as a whole.
In furtherance of their goal, the week of January 25-29, 1999 has been
designated as "National Direct Deposit Week." That week, banks across the
country will participate in a campaign to condition people to acceptance
electronic "Direct Deposit" banking. According to one promotional piece,
"the Direct Deposit marketing campaign will target employers; financial
institutions; government officials; as well as community, professional, and
civic groups." During the promotional period, banks will offer incentives
for consumers to sign up for Direct Deposit; radio promotions will be aired
in local markets; and financial institutions and corporations will be
encouraged to create similar activities with their customers and/or
So far public acceptance of electronic banking has been somewhat lackluster.
However, at the upper levels of the world's banking community, the decision
has been made to convert to total electronic banking linked to a global
financial network. The upcoming Direct Deposit campaign is just one small
example of the overall plan. Here's a link for additional information:
Promoting Direct Deposit -- The Public Education Campaign
2ND NOTICE: NATIONAL KNOW YOUR BANKER WEEK
SCAN would like to propose that the week of January 25-29, 1999 be declared
National "Know Your Banker Week" to run concurrently with the banking
industry's Direct Deposit campaign. During that week, we encourage EVERYONE
to make a concerted effort to learn as much as you possibly can about your
nation's banking system.
Learn how check clearinghouses are already monitoring every checking
transaction, and how profiling is already being done in that industry. Learn
how credit card companies also currently monitor each purchase and "flag"
suspicious or out-of-character activity.
Find out how money is "created" (according to the Federal Reserve) at your
local bank whenever a loan is "granted." Learn how every single "dollar" is
loaned into circulation - at interest - which means that, at all times, more
money is owed (principle + interest) than has been "created" or loaned out
into the economy. Hence, we as a nation can NEVER again be "solvent;" we
will be perpetually in debt to the bankers; we can never "pay back" more
than has been circulated.
(For explanation, see  )
Learn about "fractional reserve banking," which by definition means that
only a "fraction" of the public's money can be withdrawn from the system at
any given time without inducing a banking collapse. Learn how bankers use
this "fraction" to "create" more "credit money" which they then "loan" to
you under demand for some real property collateral.
Learn how your money has been gradually debased: silver coins which used to
be made of "precious metal" have been surreptitiously converted to a
substrate of worthless composites sandwiched between two thin layers of
slightly less-worthless "silver colored" nickel to make them resemble the
genuine silver coins. In circulation, they all look the same. But the latter
versions are "worth" about 90% less than the former. Even the lowly penny
has been stuffed with totally valueless zinc leaving only a thin shell of co
pper a few thousandths of an inch thick on the outer surface to fool the
public. Seems to have worked well. Who stole the "precious" material and
substituted the cheap slag? Who profited from the change (pun intended)? Was
your banker a willing participant?
Learn how gold and silver "certificates" which were once redeemable for
warehoused gold and silver coin were substituted with worthless, un-backed
"Federal Reserve Notes" that cannot be redeemed but look exactly like the
redeemable certificates - save for the absence of any "promise to pay." Who
was manning the warehouses when this substitution took place? Your banker
Based on what you learn from the foregoing exercise, decide whether or not
the banking institution's "Know Your Customer" program is being instituted
with YOUR best interest in mind.
Use this "Know Your Banker" campaign to ask your banker to sign a simple
affidavit certifying that your funds WILL ALL BE AVAILABLE for withdrawal
"on demand" come January 1, 2000.
Take the opportunity of the National Know Your Banker Week to learn about
all that your banker has done and is planning to do (for you) as you are
converted to total electronic banking over the next few years. (Remember,
the federal government has already converted to total electronic
transactions, and it can be fairly anticipated that soon all employers will
be compelled to make employee payrolls using direct deposit so that payroll
tax payments can be collected electronically.)
Most importantly, take the opportunity of the "National Know Your Banker
Week" to file a comment with any or all of the four agencies that have
submitted "Know Your Customer" proposals.
After the upcoming holiday period, we will provide all the necessary contact
information along with a selection of sample "letters of objection" so that
everyone can easily take part in this campaign. We will also provide
material which will reveal that, in reality, under our current system of
"fiat money," ALL banking activity IS "money laundering" engaged in BY THE
BANKERS. Looking forward to your participation.
Happy holidays,
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-12-29 16:48:29
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: [FP] FW: GE - Icelandic DNA database 
SCAN THIS NEWS
[Forwarded by request]
  -----Original Message-----
This is from the genetics mail list. Can you help to circulate as they
are asking for foreign intervention in the form of an e-mail campaign?
I suspect that once governments can point to one country that has this
sort of database in place it will be used as an example of what the rest
of us should be aiming at...ycchhhh!!!
  ------- Forwarded message follows -------
  ----------------(-x?)nS(r7A)------------------
Fenris Wolf
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-12-29 16:41:06
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: Biometric National ID Card Being issued NOW and used to track people 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
Content-ID: <0_914875392
Content-ID: <0_914875392

@_date: 1998-12-29 16:33:38
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: SNET: United Nations plans SWAT team training to "control" citizens in Y2K crash 
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
Content-ID: <0_914877258
Content-ID: <0_914877258

@_date: 1999-01-01 07:03:52
@_author: "Vladimir Z. Nuri" 
@_subject: critique of capitalism/moore 
- ->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
This is a multi-part message in MIME format.
