
@_date: 1993-11-01 11:33:48
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: BOOK: Learning Perl 
Extropians and Cypherpunks:
 O'Reilly&Assoc. has a new book out, "Learning Perl" (ISBN  1-56592-042-2, price $24.95). I have back-ordered it.   O'Reilly&Assoc. can be contacted at:
PHONE: 800-998-9938
FAX: 707-829-0104
MAILING ADDRESS: O'Reilly&Assoc., 103 Morris St., Suite A,  Sebastopol, CA, 95472
Walter, wak

@_date: 1993-11-15 07:55:29
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: mailing software 
Cypherpunks, Could someone send to me a list of software that expedites the  processing of large amounts of e-mail? I'm on a next computer now and the browser,  sorting, and mailboxes are very convenient. I won't always be using the next, though,  and I'd like to start learning what the options are. Thanks, Walter A. Kehowski

@_date: 1993-11-23 11:47:59
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: NYT: Virus; NeXT (unrelated) 
Cypherpunks and Extropians:
  Two articles of interest in today's NYT: 1) [Front Page, lower right] A software  vendor allegedly planted a virus in a customer's machine because he threatened to stop  payment on the software he bought. The virus was programmed to shutdown the customer's  computer.   2) [Front page, bottom, Business section] NeXT and Sun have announced a partnership.  Apparently, Sun is to invest 10mil in NeXT for access to the source of their OOP  environment. BTW, how much did Sun make last year? How much is 10mil by comparison?
Walter A. Kehowski

@_date: 1993-12-10 14:54:16
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: Mosaic: ftp site? 
Cypherpunks, I'd like to get Mosaic - I read about it in the NYT. I got several  responses to my inquiry: Where can you get Mosaic? (Thanks). However, when I  tried ftp.ncsa.uiuc.edu and zaphod at same, there was no /Mosaic directory  -  looked in index, etc., couldn't find it, basically. Any other sites or did I  miss something? (I'm on NeXT (4.3BSD) so I was looking for the unix version.)
Walter A. Kehowski

@_date: 1994-01-28 09:42:56
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: Re: Quantum cryptography 
Joi, NO. :-) I know there's been a Scientific American article on it within the  past few years that might have more technically-detailed references. Naively,  the idea is that any interference with the message can be detected because of  the subtleties of QM measurement theory. It's theoretically possible but it's  not something anybody'll be implementing anytime soon. Stick with PGP for now.  See ya, Walter A. Kehowski

@_date: 1994-02-17 14:50:51
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: Re: Enuf is enuf! 
I use NeXTmail so I just sort (by subject, name, or use the finder) for detweiler  and put everything involving him in my ---JUNK---.mbox. I trash my  ---JUNK---.mbox periodically. Solves that problem. However, maybe ignoring  detweiler would be the best thing to do. Walter A. Kehowski

@_date: 1994-02-24 06:06:17
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: Re: BIX musings on Zimmermann 
peace muses on Zimmerman:
I think about that, it was Isaac Asimov in his story about an invention
which allowed people to see back into time. Suppressed by the Government,
it was independently re-invented by a professor who only got curious about
the topic when he realised it was classified. The catch; when does time begin?
one second ago?, one nano-second ago?. With the invention, privacy became
a thing of the past; you could go anywhere, see anything. Its kind of a neat
twist on this issue. The government would have us believe encryption is a
*bad thing* because bad guys will use it to hide their activities.
You've joggled my memory. The Isaac Asimov story referred to in "BIX musings  on Zimmermann" is "The Dead Past". Another twist on this issue is that the  government was cast as the good guys actually protecting the rest of the world  from the wide spread use of the "neutrino-gravitic" time-viewing technology  whereas the scientists were acting out of "misguided" notions of freedom of  access to the information and technology. When the scientists are finally  apprehended they gloat over the fact that the technology is now freely  available. The gov't failed to stop them. (The time-viewing apparatus is easy  to build.) When the official makes clear what the consequences are (the past  is now dead - anybody with a TV set can now monitor anybody anywhere anywhen),  the scientists are ashamed of themselves. However, it's important to note that  the government was not above using the technology to suppress the spread of  the technology. What such a monitoring agency would become in twenty years or  so is clear. Just how paranoid could it get? ("Crisis and Leviathan" - When  the crisis has passed, the institutions set up to deal with it remain.) It is  interesting to speculate on the analogy between Zimmerman's PGP and Clipper  and the "neutrino-gravitic" time-viewing technology which the government is  not above using for ostensibly noble ends. Walter A. Kehowski

@_date: 1994-03-15 14:31:37
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: Loompanics: SECRETS OF A SUPER HACKER 
I recently received the recent Loompanics catalog and read the review  of SECRETS OF A SUPER HACKER in it. I wondered if the book was just  hype ("Approaching Zero" comes to mind) so I'm glad to read in  Timothy May's "Books, Loompanics, and other weird stuff" that the  book might actually be worth reading. I've appended the review.  Thanks, tcmay! Walter A. Kehowski
SECRETS OF A SUPER HACKER by The Knightmare, introduction by Gareth  205 pp., 8 1/2" x 11", ISBN 1-55950-106-5, March, 1994, Loompanics  Box 1197, Port Townsend WA, 98368.  Price: $19.95 plus $4.00 for  (includes a copy of their must-have 280 page catalog of unusual  Credit card orders to 206-385-2230 (phone) or 206-385-7785 (fax).
   This is a very good practical book on breaking into computer  It's readable, interesting, informative, balanced, and accurate, with  nice spirit of fun and swashbuckling!
   Here's the contents:
Introduction: Hackers: Heroes or Villains?
I: The Basics
II: The History of Hacking
III: Researching the Hack
IV: Passwords and Access Control
V: Social Engineering
VI: Reverse Social Engineering
VII: Public Access Computers and Terminals
VIII: On-Site Hacking: The Tresspasser-Hacker
IX: Hacking at Hope: Dialing Up Computers With Your Modem
X: Electronic Bulletin Board Systems
XI: Borderline Hacking
XII: What To Do When Inside
XIII: This Lawful Land
XIV: Hacker Security: How To Keep From Getting Caught
XV: Conclusion
Further Reading
8 Appendices
   The Knightmare covers lots of clever technical tricks for gaining
access, but he shows most glee with scores of hilarious "Social
Engineering" scams for seducing legitimate users into revealing their
passwords.  The striking thing about these spoofs is, just reading  you realize through the laughter how often these simple Social  techniques will produce results and how the credulity of  minded naive users is the weak point of any security system.    Sometimes while reading, I wished the book provided more specific  about phone numbers, brand names, specific techniques that work on
specific bulletin board systems, etc.  But I recognize that such
information would go quickly out-of-date, or would be fixed in  response to
the book's publication, or could implicate the author.    The Knightmare is presenting concepts that won't go out-of-date  giving the interested non-hacker a comprehensive and comprehensible  of the field, and tipping off the potential hacker with just enough
details to get him/her started and steered in the right direction and
minimize the chance of getting caught.    On this final point... a few times during the early chapters I  The Knightmare was being cavalier about personal safety, favorably
reporting (for example) Social Engineering advertizing scams that  likely bring the cops to one's doorstep.    But The Knightmare was saving his warnings for 2 chapters towards  end, 22 sobering pages that make very clear the risks involved and  definitely NOT to do.  A very balanced presentation.    As usual with Loompanics books, this one can be read backwards,  pages 167-168 are directed specifically to System Administrators
interested in beefing up security.    I also appreciated all the hacker philosophy and pragmatic  hacker ethics.  The Knightmare disdains and derides "crackers" who  into a system in order to wreak havok; for him, "hackers" are  non- destructive puzzle-solvers and liberators of information.  In a  where the govco is ever working to extend and centralize its control  financial data, encryption techniques, cyberspace, and every aspect  people's lives, the hacker may emerge as a modern-day Robin Hood.

@_date: 1994-03-24 15:54:50
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: Electronic cash System 
I remind the list of Matthew J. Ghio's March 18th FWD of an announcement of a  highly efficient electronic cash system created by Stefan Brands  . The documentation can be obtained from ftp.cwi.nl in  pub/brands. I've downloaded it and printed it all out - it's about 100 pages -  and very interesting. Walter A. Kehowski

@_date: 1994-04-07 12:30:34
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: Zimmerman in REASON 
Cypherpunks and Extropians,
There's an article "Code Blues" by Ronald Bailey in the recent REASON magazine  [May 1994] on Phil Zimmerman, PGP, and Clipper. Walter A. Kehowski
!FREE MINDS AND FREE MARKETS!

@_date: 1994-04-11 07:21:48
@_author: walter kehowski 
@_subject: Re: Prime Numbers 
Use Mathematica. The positive integers less than or equal 1000 that are not  prime but (2^n - n)/n is an integer are 1; 341 = 11*31; 561 = 3*11*17; and 645 =  3*5*43. The largest less than 10,000 is 8911 = 7*19*67.
However, the significant fact is that the claim (Jeremy Cooper)
is actually fermat's little theorem as observed by Ray Cromwell. Walter A. Kehowski
