
@_date: 1996-01-16 14:09:12
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: Eggs at Customs AND a quick question 
- From the node of Timothy C. May:
: : P.S. I am persuaded that the importation of rare tropical birds into the
: U.S. is a GOOD THING, and that the attempts to ban such imports are
: misguided eco-fundie efforts. Diversity will be enhanced by having the
: birds in the U.S., and if left in their native jungles, most will die
: anyway. Better a pampered tropical bird in a gilded cage than lunch for
: some predator, or starvation as the jungles are cleared by slash-and-burn
: farmers.
Aside from the amusing belief that caged life is preferrable, let me point
out that importation of species can be pretty nasty.  Zebra mussels in the
Great Lakes, Mongooses in Hawaii, those nasty snakes from Guam ... etc, etc.
: : The same data transparency of borders, where truckloads of stuff come in
: easily, means that truckloads of birds, eggs, embryos, babies, etc. can
: also make it in. Most such shipments are only caught when surveillance
: yields a shipping schedule...such surveillance is becoming more and more
: difficult because of the technologies we push.
All right!  Horseman  ... the bird smuggler ;)
PS -- Going to consolidate posts here.  Can someone recommend a good text for an intro to Number Theory?

@_date: 1996-01-19 04:57:19
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: Ozzie Apes Jim Clark, Fix Is In to Cave and Cry 
- From the node of Frank Stuart:
: : >The new overseas version of Notes, tagged Release 4, will give
: >foreign users 64-bit security. But to get permission to export
: >the software, Lotus agreed to give the government access to 24
: >of those bits by using a special 24-bit key supplied by the
:                         ^
: Does anyone know if there really is just one 24-bit key for every copy of
: Lotus Notes or is this a miscommunication?  If there really is just one 24-bit
: key for everyone, can't you just look for the bits that don't change among
: different 64 bit keys?  (e.g. AND a "sufficiently large" number of 64-bit keys
: together to find the 1's that don't change and then OR them to find the 0's
: until you've got the 24 bit key).  Someone, please tell me that's not how it
: works (or post the 24-bit key  :>).
: That was the question that came to mind when I read the article, too.
How exactly are they planning on implementing this?  I admit my ignorance
concerning the working of Lotus Notes and how it handles keys.  Do they plan on escrowing a unique partial key for each licence? For each user?
Can users have multiple keys?  If so, how does this affect the key generation process.  At first glance, unless the feds are gonna hand out keys via men-with-shiny-black-shoes-and-handcuffed-to-briefcases, the key
generation process is going to have to contact the feds and reveal the key.
Of course, I'm relatively new to this (gonna read Schneier real soon now ;) )
so I may be woefully off base, but this is my first reaction.
Is this partial escrow similar to saying, "We won't kill you, we'll just
amputate at the neck?"

@_date: 1996-01-29 15:43:07
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: The Big Lie 
- From the node of Timothy C. May:
: : Like many born after the Second World War, I took it as a fact that the
: so-called Holocaust actually happened. I saw pictures of death camps,
: interviews with survivors, etc.
: : But if it really happened, why are so many countries trying to suppress the
: evidence that it was all just a CIA-Mossad plot? It seems more likely that
: the pictures were faked, or were pictures taken of dying Germans in Russian
: POW camps on the Eastern Front.
: : I also saw quite a few pictures that were taken by relatives during the liberation (or whatever you call it) and the holocaust was very real.
I will say that the number of Poles that were incarcerated was quite
understated.  Maybe Lester Bangs was right when he said that the
Holocaust was just a coverup to hide the fact that Hitler killed 6 million Jehovah's Witnesses.  All I can say is that I have seen good
proof that we should not trust the whims of any government.  Human
beings with power over other human beings scare me beyond belief.

@_date: 1996-02-17 00:21:33
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: berkeley site kinda' up 
Well, I got in to ftp://ftp.csua.berkeley.edu/ but it seems that none of the filesystems are mounted.
A nice, clean space.  Any news on what's happening?

@_date: 1996-02-19 12:59:01
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
- From the node of Wink Junior:
: :          IPG Guarantees Absolute Privacy on Internet. Using the
:          trademark CRE transform, the IPG PCX Nvelopes system
:          translates any intelligible digitized information into
:          utterly random gibberish.
Which makes one wonder what this ad actually said BEFORE they passed
it through the "CRE transform".

@_date: 1996-03-23 19:18:37
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: New Encryption Software-Encrypt Image & Text Files (fwd) 
Thought y'all might find this interesting ... if not funny.
: Press Release from Antelope Productions, Inc
: : Subject:  New Encryption Software; Quick
: : : Antelope Productions, Inc. is releasing our new encryption package
: called Quick that has several advantages over any other
: encryption software available on the market.  Now more than ever,
: there is a need for security in transferring sensitive information
: through the Internet and networks worldwide.  There has not been a
: universal way for people to send all types of  files easily,
: inexpensively and securely through the Internet or networks UNTIL NOW.
:  All other encryption software available  on the market requires a
: separate license for each site (the sender as well as the receiver). : With Quick you may freely distribute the decryption program. : Only the encryption side requires a licensed copy of Quick : There is also no limit on the password size and there is no
: restriction on overseas use.
: : You will find pricing of  Quick a real bargain, given the
: pricing and functionality compared to other available encryption
: packages.  Our price is only $99.95  plus $5 shipping in US plus state
: sales tax in Texas, New Jersey and Florida.  Quantity discounts are
: also available.
: : Installation is performed easily on any Windows or Windows 95 system. : Memory requirements with as little of 2 MB of RAM (I tried it on a
: Tandy portable with 2 MB!).   We also have a version to work in DOS. : There is a floating toolbar that always remains on top of your current
: open window.  Quick floating toolbar gives you  four options.
: 1. Encryption-You have a user friendly screen to select the drive,
: directory and files that you want to encrypt.  Chosen files for
: encryption  are grouped together and compiled into a single executable
: file with an assigned password you enter.  There is  no limitation on
: the password size. Overseas distribution of the encrypted files is not
: restricted.  File encryption often takes less then ten seconds. 2.
: Decryption- Allows you to select the drive, directory and file you
: want to decrypt.  The password is requested once you select the
: encrypted file.  Decryption is performed in Windows or Windows 95 with
: the freely distributed  decryption module.  Decryption module is sent
: to each receiver with no licensing requirement.  Decryption of the
: executable file may also be performed at the DOS prompt with no
: additional software. 3. Help- A user friendly system for all of
: Quick functions, along with an index and glossary. 4.    Exit
: : For more information, wholesale quotations,  or ordering, please email
: your requests to schek (Walter Chek), Subject: Quick
:  < Inquiry>
:

@_date: 1996-07-20 04:10:13
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: Reverse Engineer 
: : What do you mean by "reverse engineer?" I have heard this word several =
: times especially in the world of hacking, but... can someone tell me =
: what it really meant?
: Reverse engineering is the process of taking a piece of executable code,
be it a Win95 program or firmware for a cellular phone eeprom, and
running it through a disassembler.  The disassembler converts the
machine code into assembly instructions.  From there, a person with
a lot of spare time, a good understanding of compiler design, and a lot
of caffeine can translate the assembly instructions into a higher level
language (ie. C, C++, VisualBasic).  The first part is easy (and writing
a disassembler is a good project for upper-level Comp Sci courses), but
the second part is a real bear and people with the knowledge and drive to do it have my respect.

@_date: 1996-08-20 11:06:20
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: [fnord] Re: Discordians a-gogo (aggoo) 
: : ObDiscordian: Have you noticed that there are five levels of priority in Eudora?
Or that RFC23 is entitled "Transmission of multiple control messages"?

@_date: 1996-08-23 05:47:13
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: RFC1984 on Cryptographic Technology (fwd) 
Sender: owner-rfc-dist
Content-Length: 3011
A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.
        RFC 1984:
        Title:      IAB and IESG Statement on Cryptographic Technology
                    and the Internet
        Author:     IAB & IESG
        Date:       August 1996
        Mailbox:    brian fred
        Pages:      5
        Characters: 10,738
        Updates/Obsoletes:  none
        URL:        ftp://ds.internic.net/rfc/rfc1984.txt
The Internet Architecture Board (IAB) and the Internet Engineering
Steering Group (IESG), the bodies which oversee architecture and
standards for the Internet, are concerned by the need for increased
protection of international commercial transactions on the Internet,
and by the need to offer all Internet users an adequate degree of
privacy.  Security mechanisms being developed in the Internet
Engineering Task Force to meet these needs require and depend on the
international use of adequate cryptographic technology.  Ready access
to such technology is therefore a key factor in the future growth of
the Internet as a motor for international commerce and communication.
This memo provides information for the Internet community.  This memo
does not specify an Internet standard of any kind.  Distribution of
this memo is unlimited.
This announcement is sent to the IETF list and the RFC-DIST list.
Requests to be added to or deleted from the IETF distribution list
should be sent to IETF-REQUEST  Requests to be
added to or deleted from the RFC-DIST distribution list should
be sent to RFC-DIST-REQUEST
Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
an EMAIL message to rfc-info with the message body help: ways_to_get_rfcs.  For example:
        To: rfc-info
        Subject: getting rfcs
        help: ways_to_get_rfcs
Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to admin  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.
Submissions for Requests for Comments should be sent to
RFC-EDITOR  Please consult RFC 1543, Instructions to RFC
Authors, for further information.
Joyce K. Reynolds
USC/Information Sciences Institute
Below is the data which will enable a MIME compliant Mail Reader implementation to automatically retrieve the ASCII version
of the RFCs.
        access-type="mail-server";
        server="mailserv
Content-ID: <960820082910.RFC
SEND /rfc/rfc1984.txt
        name="rfc1984.txt";
        site="ds.internic.net";
        access-type="anon-ftp";
        directory="rfc"
Content-ID: <960820082910.RFC

@_date: 1996-09-04 07:35:20
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: PKS RFC Project 
For anyone who is interested in contributing to our experimental RFC
for public key servers, I set up a little mailing list for discussion.
To subscribe, send a message to pks-rfc-request with
"subscribe" in the subject field.

@_date: 1996-09-07 05:18:22
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Neo-Nazis etc. 
: : Try to keep in mind that "Nazis" aren't skinheads and other : troublemakers exactly, which is to say, those are the first people : Hitler got rid of when he came to power.
: : Real Nazis are/were bureaucrats; cold, calculating, bureaucratic. Do we : know anyone like that?
: Reminded me of the following:

@_date: 1996-09-19 04:59:13
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: Snake-Oil FAQ 
: : It would be nice to have a list of actual products which are deemed
: potential snake-oil. Such a list could be maintained anonymously
: through a nym to avoid all the annoying legal problems with commenting
: on another's product. Though truth is the best defense against libel
: charges, it would be very annoying to be sued or some such by some
: hairbrained snake-oil peddler.
: I think a blacklist of that sort is inherently bad.  I would much rather
have the public be able to RECOGNIZE SYMPTOMS of snake oil, rather than
just be spoon fed a list of good products vs. bad products.  Pardon the
cliche, but if you give a man a fish ... etc, etc.

@_date: 1996-09-24 06:55:26
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: Snake-Oil FAQ 
: : >I think a blacklist of that sort is inherently bad.  I would much rather
: >have the public be able to RECOGNIZE SYMPTOMS of snake oil, rather than
: >just be spoon fed a list of good products vs. bad products.  Pardon the
: >cliche, but if you give a man a fish ... etc, etc.
: >
: >mark
: >
: : I agree in principle, but for the foreseeable future I think the list will
: be a "good thing".
: As long as the descriptions of the products are comprehensive.  Concern
about legal issues has been expressed from the beginning.  But, I don't
think that libel/slander laws will be a stumbling block, as long as the publication is similar in nature to "Consumer Reports" or somesuch.
: "Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra.  Suddenly
: it flips over, pinning you underneath.  At night the ice
: weasels come."
:                         --Nietzsche
Matt Groening?

@_date: 1996-09-24 07:28:26
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: Snake-Oil FAQ 
: : The Basic Problem (tm) with a "Snake Oil FAQ" is that the very persons most
: in need of it won't read it.
: : If those who post descriptions of their "Unbreakable Virtual Whammo-Matic
: Really Complicated Transposition Cipher" have not bothered to read Schneier
: or other basic texts on ciphers, why would they bother to read a Snake Oil
: FAQ? This applies to their customers as well.
I disagree, I think AC is a pretty scary book for the kind of people who
need the Snake-Oil FAQ.  I think the primary target audiences are IS professionals who are considering integrating crypto into their data
communications and end users who want to send encrypted mail.  Neither
of these groups is going to embrace crypto if you toss them a tome
like AC.  And what is the primary goal here, if not to promote widespread
use of crypto and educate about what makes good crypto good.  We have to
approach the non-believers on their own ground ;)

@_date: 1996-11-10 01:22:21
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: Pyramid Schemes 
: : Dear Sir,
: : Aren't these Pyramid Schemes Illegal?
: : Yours Sincerely,
: : Benjamin Grosman
: Yep, 18 U.S.C. sec. 1343 if I remember correctly ... one of the only
laws I truly appreciate.  I've already sent a message to postmaster pointing out the fact that a felony has
been committed.

@_date: 1996-11-11 04:17:03
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: Sifting data; looking for "strong crypto" 
: : : As far as bit patterns go, is executable code random?
: : mhayes
: : It's better for us if you don't understand
: It's better for me if you don't understand
:                                              -Tragically Hip
: Nope, any executable has the same text-data-stack structure.  Within the
text segment, all instructions are (usually) of the same size with one to four possible formats.  Consider that every instruction will
begin with one of ~128 opcodes, operands are pretty predictable depending
on the opcode's associated format.  Any references to symbol and literal
tables are within a predictable range, and the format of these tables
is fixed.
An assembled/linked program is going to be very far from random, same
basic patterns are used for I/O, subroutine calls, iterative loops, etc.
I would assume that the entropy of an executable binary is extremely low.

@_date: 1997-01-29 13:56:53
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Workaround for filtering/cybersitter 
If I had experience with Netscape plugins and spare time, I'd
try it myself.  But here's my proposed solution.  A plugin in Netscape intercepts all requests,  encrypt the URL
with a pubkey algorithm, encode the string base64, send it as GET input to
a proxy server.
The proxy server decodes and decrypts the URL, gets the requested page,
and returns it.  This beats out URL-based filtering.
Still need to figure out the specifics of key-exchange.  If we use
40-bit encryption, it's exportable, and it still works in our threat
model (ie. we don't care if the watchers figure out the URL a few hours
To beat out dropping packets with unacceptable pattern in them, we
could use an SSL-based server as the proxy.
The plugin could even have a nice little on/off switch and a list
list of available proxies.

@_date: 1997-01-16 08:53:01
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: How to crack 
: : Tim ,Tod, whatever:
: : : 	The list is for Hackers & Crackers. Since you made the famous Dumbshit
: Statement " I want to be a Hacker" Your first hack test is trying to get
: off the list.
: Hackers and Crackers, huh?  News to me.  This list is supposed to be for the discussion of crypto, but I think Tim || Tod was more accurate
in implying that it has become a dumping ground for mass marketing.
PS --  No one chooses to be a hacker, you are or you aren't.  The
hacker in the crowd is the kid who took apart the toaster to see how
it worked.  I am of course not using the media version of the term.

@_date: 1997-01-29 12:38:04
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Workaround for filtering/cybersitter 
If I had experience with Netscape plugins and spare time, I'd
try it myself.  But here's my proposed solution.  A plugin in Netscape intercepts all requests,  encrypt the URL
with a pubkey algorithm, encode the string base64, send it as GET input to
a proxy server.
The proxy server decodes and decrypts the URL, gets the requested page,
and returns it.  This beats out URL-based filtering.
Still need to figure out the specifics of key-exchange.  If we use
40-bit encryption, it's exportable, and it still works in our threat
model (ie. we don't care if the watchers figure out the URL a few hours
To beat out dropping packets with unacceptable pattern in them, we
could use an SSL-based server as the proxy.
The plugin could even have a nice little on/off switch and a list
list of available proxies.

@_date: 1997-02-05 11:41:10
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: AltaVista Tunnel 
: : > : > He triumphantly exclaimed that the encryption was 128-bit, but when
: > I said "128-bit what?" he cowered and muttered that he didn't know and went
: > on with his little speech.  The rest of my crypto-specific questions met
: > with equal dark stares.  And these are the people setting industry standards...
: : I should be happy that you are bashing a competitor and all, but give
: them a break, OK? The marketing dweeb who has to do product pitches
: on roadshows is not the same as the design engineer who designs the
: system and sets technical standards. There can be a big difference in
: technical knowledge about the product, and even basic competency,
: between the two.
: If the marketing-droid didn't have the ability to answer such a basic
question, DEC should have just sent out videotape promos.  I don't
understand why they went through the expense of sending warm bodies
out on a roadshow without giving them enough specification about
the product to give an effective presentation to a predominantly
tech-oriented audience.  From whom did they expect the questions to
come?  A competent marketing professional would AT LEAST know what
standards/protocols the product supported, does a car company send
its sales force out without knowing if the cars use gas or diesel?
Another example of how the Macro$loth mindset of tossing out random
buzzwords to a chorus of ooooh's and ahhhh's has polluted the industry.  In Rick's case, DEC's image was deflated.  OK, so how many other
people present got the same impression.  And it's very likely that
one of those people is a decision maker, or the anecdote got back
to one of the decision makers.  So, due to DEC's failure to ensure
that their sales force new the product, they can probably scratch Grumman off of their potential client list.

@_date: 1997-02-05 09:21:37
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Re: AltaVista Tunnel 
: : > : > He triumphantly exclaimed that the encryption was 128-bit, but when
: > I said "128-bit what?" he cowered and muttered that he didn't know and went
: > on with his little speech.  The rest of my crypto-specific questions met
: > with equal dark stares.  And these are the people setting industry standards...
: : I should be happy that you are bashing a competitor and all, but give
: them a break, OK? The marketing dweeb who has to do product pitches
: on roadshows is not the same as the design engineer who designs the
: system and sets technical standards. There can be a big difference in
: technical knowledge about the product, and even basic competency,
: between the two.
: If the marketing-droid didn't have the ability to answer such a basic
question, DEC should have just sent out videotape promos.  I don't
understand why they went through the expense of sending warm bodies
out on a roadshow without giving them enough specification about
the product to give an effective presentation to a predominantly
tech-oriented audience.  From whom did they expect the questions to
come?  A competent marketing professional would AT LEAST know what
standards/protocols the product supported, does a car company send
its sales force out without knowing if the cars use gas or diesel?
Another example of how the Macro$loth mindset of tossing out random
buzzwords to a chorus of ooooh's and ahhhh's has polluted the industry.  In Rick's case, DEC's image was deflated.  OK, so how many other
people present got the same impression.  And it's very likely that
one of those people is a decision maker, or the anecdote got back
to one of the decision makers.  So, due to DEC's failure to ensure
that their sales force new the product, they can probably scratch Grumman off of their potential client list.
