
@_date: 1995-08-23 00:21:07
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: PGP for pine and other Unix programs 
My "Bryce's Auto-PGP" fits the bill.  It is an sh script so it can be
integrated without too much trouble into Pine, Elm, trn, tin, mh, etc etc.  I have personally tested it with Pine so I know it'll work.  You can e-mail
me for a beta copy, or you can ask for a v1.0 copy if you don't mind waiting
an unspecified amount of time for beta-testing to finish.

@_date: 1995-08-25 10:20:09
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: Re: Auto-pgp for pine/elm/tin 
My thanks to Henry for a glowing recommendation of my product.  Just a few
"Bryce's Auto-PGP", or "BAP", is an sh script, so it can be integrated with
most Unix programs.  Pine, Elm, trn, mh are the only programs that I have
personally run it with.  (Unless you count "finger" and "cat"...)
The current version is BAP v1.0beta in second beta-test.  I'm pretty much just waiting on reports from the second batch of beta-testers and then I'll call it 1.0 and send it out to those who requested the first non-beta I have no working WWW page at the moment.  When I release bap v1.0 I will
have a page at  and possibly at
other sites.
BAP gives the user the option of putting her passphrase in a temporary
cleartext file.  This is to help people who can't input the passphrase
manually because their mail program is stingy with stdin.  Putting your
pasphrase in a temporary cleartext file isn't a good idea, but it is usually
a better idea than putting it in an environment variable like PGPPASS.  (Ref:
Derek Atkins "appnote.txt" which comes with PGP 2.6 distributions.)
I'm looking forward to the first general release of BAP.
signatures follow:
                                 +                                               public key on keyservers     /.       island Life in a chaos sea             or via finger 0x617c6db9     /             bryce.wilcox                                      ---*

@_date: 1995-09-04 22:12:29
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: article/author ratings/reputations (was Re: pseudonyms & list health) 
Futplex sez:
There are people working on an extension of UseNet to allow each reader to
publish ratings which propagate in the same way that articles do.  These
ratings can be of specific articles, of threads or of authors.  Your
newsreaders can rank the articles and present them to you in
highest-to-lowest ranked order, or kill all those below a certain mark, or
some such.
The heuristic that the researchers originally started with was "if I agreed with so-and-so in the past then I'll probably agree with him again."  (Personally I would rather have some degree of manual control over my ratings-weightings.  My good friends automatically get more weight than people I don't know, regardless of how much our ratings coincide.  Similarly I might want to downgrade certain net.assholes just out of a sense of justice, even if they recommend good articles usually.  :-) )
Unfortunately I have lost the URL for this wonderful experiment.  Hopefully
the fruits of their labors will become publically available soon.  I will
certainly be one of the first to sign up to distribute ratings and to listen
to (some) other people's.
signatures follow:
                                 +                                               public key on keyservers     /.       island Life in a chaos sea             or via finger 0x617c6db9     /             bryce.wilcox                                      ---*

@_date: 1995-09-04 22:15:38
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: Re: Wearing RSA shirt to school 
Note failed signature.  Great Dave Barry quote, by the way.  :-)
******* rest of message is file included by Bryce

@_date: 1995-09-06 08:46:25
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: Re: Forgery, bills, and the Four Horsemen (Articles and Comment) 
1.  Sez who?
2.  We are discussing the feasibility of using DigiCash currency for illegal
money laundering.  We have to assume (ceteris paribus) that the would-be
launderers are still capable of the same tricks that they are currently
capable of, which, apparently, includes access to anonymous bank accounts.
If you do it via his one-time bank account then you can only reveal to which
one-time anonymous account you transferred the money-- no more.
Even if you and your beneficiary don't have this option, the transaction
is still much safer and more convenient if done via DigiCash than via any other current currency.  Criminals and conspirators live with the everpresent
problem of betrayal, and this "one step, one way, requires the cooperation of
the payer" traceability seems to me to be a small hassle on the way to a big
win for such people.
Crytographically (and in the limit, legally) meaningless, right?  I could
edit my log right now to say I gave you a thousand cyberbucks in return for
an illegal copy of some information, but no-one would care.
I appreciate your correspondance.
signatures follow:
                                    +                                                 public key on keyservers      /.      island Life in a chaos sea              or via finger 0x617c6db9      /           bryce.wilcox                                         ---*

@_date: 1995-09-06 17:20:55
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: Re: Are booby-trapped computers legal? 
If this were a political philosophy list I would state that self-defense
justification often extends to property (As I believe it should).  Since this is a cryptography-and-social-changes-thereof list I will refrain...
No!  Stop!  Don't say it!  PLEASE go post this message to alt.security, talk.politics.guns and alt.fan.david-sternlight and keep it away from this list...
Bryce (toss in alt.flame while you are at it...)
signatures follow:
                                    +                                                 public key on keyservers      /.      island Life in a chaos sea              or via finger 0x617c6db9      /           bryce.wilcox                                         ---*

@_date: 1995-09-07 23:35:23
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: Re: Announce: Web of Trust Ring 
A very interesting project!  Can you give us some data like how many is the
maximum number of hops necessary to connect two people on the WoT?  (I am
aware that one wouldn't want to trust such a connection, and that PGP doesn't
actually allow you to do so for hops > 2...)
(P.S.  I guess "12" based on the number of passes necessary.  That seems like
a really high number to me...)
Are any obvious pseudonyms in?  (I would guess not.)
I wonder what sorts of statistical analyses could be done on this WoT?  Is it
fairly evenly spread out or are the noticeably larger "clumps" of mutual
signatures?  How many keys *are* there in this (subset of the) WoT?
Here's a question:  for two randomly selected members of your WoT, how many
signatures would a Man In The Middle have to fake in order to isolate the one
member from the other?
Thanks for this, Don.
signatures follow:
                                    +                                                 public key on keyservers      /.      island Life in a chaos sea              or via finger 0x617c6db9      /           bryce.wilcox                                         ---*

@_date: 1995-09-25 02:50:19
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Bryce's Auto-PGP v1.0 available for 10 cyberbucks 
I'm pleased to announce the release of "Bryce's Auto-PGP" version 1.0.
Bryce's Auto-PGP, a.k.a. "BAP", is a Unix script which makes it simple and convenient to use PGP with almost any Unix message-
handling application.  As far as I know there is no Unix
mssage-handling application that cannot be integrated with BAP.  BAP has been test by me personally with Elm, Pine, mh and trn, and it has also turned out to be useful with such Unix utilities as finger
and vi.
I'm distributing BAP from my World Wide Web site:
As an experiment in cyberspace economics, I am asking for 10
cyberbucks, the currency for the Internet created by DigiCash company in return for BAP.  To sign up for the cyberbuck trial and get your free cyberbucks visit:
If you have any problems acquiring or using BAP, please e-mail me.
signatures follow
To strive, to seek, to find and not to yield.
bryce

@_date: 1995-10-01 13:22:43
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: Re: "alt.cypherpunks" Newsgroup vs. Mailing List? 
I've had a look at the web site and it looks really interesting.  It would
make a great project if a bunch of cypherpunks installed NoCeM and then piped
the list to a newsgroup.  We could then develop reputation servers to help us
use NoCeM, start charging cyberbucks for our recommendations, and, in short,
make cpunks into a slightly larger outpost in Cyberlibertaria.  (a.k.a. The
Free Net)
signatures follow
To strive, to seek, to find and not to yield.
bryce

@_date: 1995-10-09 23:26:08
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Re: MITM attacks and True Names (again...) 
Let's think of ways to foil Mitch:
1.  Physical body (a.k.a. "True Name") mapping.
2.  The "overload his processors" trick.
3.  Sending hashes of future messages.
4.  Sending your public key to the Web O Trust via multiple, independent channels.
5.  Working an identifier of your public key into conversation so that
Mitch can't edit out your public key without changing the whole
conversation.  (E.g. "I talked to her a number of times equal to the
least significant 4 bits of my public key."  This is an example which
Mitch could easily handle, by replacing "a number ... key" with "3
times", but it gives you the idea.)
All of these can involve psychological manuevers, like "informal coding".  That is, trying to sneak some information by Mitch that he *should* edit if he knew what he was good for him, but he doesn't realize it.  This gets really interesting, trying to communicate something to your actual recipient without letting Mitch realize what you are communicating.
The "tell me [something only you would know]" game is a good example of
I think method 4 is the best method.  Method 1 is more reliable, but
much more expensive and I have a strong aversion to making it necessary
for everyone to publicize their True Name.  I don't know if method 5 is even feasible.  :-)
Of course, there is no reason not to use many different methods
signatures follow
            "To strive, to seek, to find and not to yield."                             bryce

@_date: 1995-10-16 16:58:07
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Re: mental cryptography 
Nathan Loofbourrow I can think of two purposes for "duress codes":  1.   To yield little loot to the thief, thus leaving more of it in your possession
and discouraging theft.  2.  To summon help in the form of physical
The first use is susceptible to the "give me more or I cut off your
little finger" approach.  So we are again faced with the great
importance of a good police force.
Let us not forget about the value of such when constructing our future
signatures follow
            "To strive, to seek, to find and not to yield."                             bryce

@_date: 1995-10-19 12:49:07
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Re: digital cash and identity disclosure 
Someone claiming to be the nym calling itself tcmay (Timothy C. Boy, if I were you I would want to fix the inadequacy in C'nomicon in
order to protect my positive rep...
You mean Real Life(tm) security a.k.a. force, but this isn't necessarily so.  We could just as well debit the double-spender's rep and lower the limit on how much e-cash he will be issued.
I hesitate to pipe up in such august company, but one of us is
confused.  The attack that we have been discussing is possible because
Chaumian Ecash allows the payer to identify the payee.  This would be
true whether or not there were any protocols related to
double-spending.  (i.e., because the payer knows the actual ID number
of the bill, she can choose to relate it to the bank and then the bank
can identify who turns in that bill.  Has nothing to do with
double-spending.  If the protocol provided for re-blinding before
depositing the bill then this would not be possible, I think, and would still have nothing to do with double-spending.)
I personally think it is beautiful, because it allows for off-line
transactions at a cost of a relatively small risk of double-spending.
Perhaps we could modify the protocol and have the best of both worlds?
I think I'll write a separate post on this subject now...
Announcement: I'm about to fade out from c'punks list for a while, so
be sure and Cc: me if you want me to see your post.
signatures follow
            "To strive, to seek, to find and not to yield."                             bryce

@_date: 1995-10-19 13:01:33
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Polymorphic e-cash schemes  was: digital cash and identity disclosure 
Some cpunks a couple of months ago told us about "agnostic" e-cash
anonymity schemes in which the e-bank accepts both blinded and
un-blinded coin requests, leading to anonymity or non-anonymity at the
choice of the client.  They pointed out how this would be very
easy to implement, based on the current Chaumian system.  I think this
is an excellent idea for social-engineering reasons and I congratulate
them on bringing it up.  (Unfortunately I don't have time right now to look up who it is that I am congratulating...)
Perhaps a similar "polymorphism" could be implemented with regard to
on-line/off-line clearing.  When you as a payee receive a Chaumian
Ecash coin, you can choose based on several factors (including
reputation of the payer if he chooses to make his nym known to you,
size of the transaction, time of day, or whatever) to either accept it
immediately and credit the payer with whatever it is you are selling,
or to delay completion of the transaction while you attempt to deposit
the coin with your e-bank.  (If you are wary of "payee-ID proof
stings" like Lucky Green is, then you can go ahead and launder your
coin through an anon account during this interval...)  If your payer
has already spent this coin, then the bank will inform you immediately
and you can cancel the transaction.  (And take whatever other actions
you consider appropriate...)
It seems like such a scheme would include all of the advantages
(off-line clearing) of Chaumian Ecash as well as those
(double-spending prevention) of the on-line clearing systems.  Thus,
TCMay's objections to current Chaumian Ecash would not apply to this
new variation.
I hope that this isn't an old-news yawner to you experts.
Announcement:  I'm going to be fading off the the c'punks list for a
while, so be sure and Cc: me if you want me to read your post.
signatures follow
            "To strive, to seek, to find and not to yield."                             bryce

@_date: 1995-10-23 13:24:32
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Re: How can e-cash, even on-line cleared, protect payee identity? 
An entity calling itself "Simon Spero"  Blinding and unblinding is just multiplication and division in
modular arithmetic, right?  So it oughta be transitive, right?
I actually don't know, and I am eager to find out.
 "'Simon Spero'":
You mean he can now deposit the note with the bank for credit?  Although he won't actually deposit it until later, some random amount of time after this transaction is finished.
  He *could* give the note to Charles, who would deposit it, but
Charles would not be able to protect his own identity when
accepting it.  Bob might as well just turn it in to the bank.
 "'Simon Spero'":
It sounds good to me.  Bob will check the note for the bank's sig
after he has unblinded it.  Thus he knows that Alice didn't cheat
Can a more astute mathematician than myself evaluate this scheme for
signatures follow
            "To strive, to seek, to find and not to yield."                             bryce

@_date: 1996-01-18 14:00:30
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Re: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution (long) 
An entity calling itself Rich Graves Whoops!  I misunderstood.  The fix I am considering is putting
some information inside the *body* of the message, probably at
the end just before the signature.

@_date: 1996-01-31 12:09:44
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: I gave FV the idea for the keyboard sniffer 
An entity claiming to be Nathaniel Borenstein   is alleged to have written:
I know that you are being swamped by hate mail from cypherpunks,
so I'll try to keep my comments brief.  First, I commend you for
forging ahead with research and business as you see fit, despite
the regular barrages of venomous condemnation that you are subjected to.  "I think that's a real threat", too.  I believe that you have valuable insights into Internet commerce security which the typical cypherpunk lacks, and I'm glad that you are "getting the word out" both to the cpunks and to larger (Having said that, and having decided to Cc: this message to
cpunks and e$, I shall elaborate:)
The ideas that you espouse that the typical cpunk lacks fall
into two broad categories which have something in common.
First, the overwhelming importance of user interface and dealing
with technically clueless users.  Second, the importance of
evaluating risks from a cost/benefit perspective, and trusting
in a system once it is "secure enough".  What these ideas have in common is simply that they are *practical*.  And that's important.  If First Virtual uses
simple techniques which are crackable, but so unprofitable to crack that no-one will ever do so, and if First Virtual uses this technique and allows everyday users to do transactions over the Internet, then that is a net.commerce success story.  Furthermore, it's a *cryptographic* success story.
Much more so than "CYpherPunk Agent X" who writes a black-market
implementation of Chaumian electronic cash which no-one will ever use.  He has accomplished little more than entertaining and educating himself.  This is the cypherpunk fallacy which is
enshrined in the Manifesto when it says "code can never be
destroyed".  Yes it can.  Or it can be ignored which has the same effect.  The important thing is when code and users meet.
(Of course, I still think First Virtual is marketing an ugly
klooge that doesn't stand a chance against better technologies
in the next couple of years, but I digress...)
But despite all of the above, Nathaniel, I must protest your
claim to have "revealed" the "first known strategy".  That
strategy has been common knowledge since probably before you
were born.  In fact just a couple of weeks ago *I* posted
articles to cypherpunks and the "ecash" list saying that I thought the most viable attack on DigiCash Ecash would be a
virus/Trojan horse which attacked the computer on the user's
Did you read these articles of mine?  Is it possible that that
is where you got the idea for your experiment?
As an aside you recently said that you didn't see any reason to
PGP-sign list traffic.  Here is a good example of its
usefulness:  I can prove that I authored the aforementioned
messages, and when.  (Also it has already been more or less proven to people who use PGP on their cpunks traffic that the author of the aforementioned messages was also the author of hundreds of other messages including this one both in cpunks and in other forums over the last six months.)
Now I didn't mention in my articles that such an attack would be
as viable (more so, actually) against a credit card scheme as it
would against Ecash, for two reasons 1:  It was already common
knowledge, and 2:  I consider credit card schemes to be hopeless
anachronisms that will soon be eliminated in the evolutionary
race of modern currency.
Anyway, keep up the good work, and consider the merits of being
a little more circumspect in your press releases.
P.S.  Okay I admit that the Subject: line was a little bit
inflammatory.  If I had named my message "Re: FV demonstrates
fatal flaw" then nobody would have read it...
                 "Toys, Tools and Technologies"
  the Niche         New Signal Consulting -- C++, Java, HTML, Ecash
            Bryce PGP sig follows

@_date: 1996-02-02 22:31:07
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Re: Anti-Nazi Authentication [Was: Tim's paranoid rant about Declan...] 
An entity calling itself "Declan B. McCullagh"  is alleged to have written:
Polite?  You show more restraint than most of us would I suspect.  Actually it is probably a good tactic for the
first encounter.
It is possible to PGP-clearsign web pages using comments.
PGP's insertion of "- " before any line beginning with "-"
might cause a problem, but you'll just have to be a little
more careful.  I'm considering hacking up a "PGP verification
service" web page which will accept a PGP-signed URL, retrieve it, verify it, and report the results.  Of course
I'll make it clear that this service is very susceptible to
active attacks.
On a related topic it would probably be wise for you to
clear-sign your mail, Declan.  Establish a public key with me,
and next time I see mail from you saying "I've been reading
about this 'the Holocaust was a hoax' stuff and it's actually
kind of convincing." I'll know where to lay the authorship of
the words...  :-)
                 "Toys, Tools and Technologies"
  the Niche         New Signal Consulting -- C++, Java, HTML, Ecash
            Bryce PGP sig follows

@_date: 1996-02-03 09:51:32
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Re: PGP "official" logo? (a.k.a. the Return of the Logo Wars) 
An entity calling itself "Andrew Loewenstern  " is alleged to  have written:
Hello Andrew, I recommend that you set your line widths so a
smaller number so that people who quote you, as above, don't
generate >80 col lines, as above.
But anyway, I drew my own PGP logo for my "Bryce's Auto-PGP"
distribution site.  The logo's a kloogey piece of work, but I like the motif of an envelope with "PGP" stamped across the seal, so I use it.  If anyone else does the same idea
better, I'd love to see (/copy) it.
Anyone is welcome to copy my "PGP- the electronic envelope"
logo, but by doing so you are assenting to this contract,
which states that the next time we are hanging out together
in the same bar you will buy me a beer.
 BAP
Distribution Site                  "Toys, Tools and Technologies"
  the Niche         New Signal Consulting -- C++, Java, HTML, Ecash
            Bryce PGP sig follows

@_date: 1996-02-03 10:26:54
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Web page authentication (was: Anti-Nazi Authentication) 
An entity calling itself "Rich Graves  " is alleged to have
 written:
Uhhh- wait a second.  Anybody can always copy the file *and*
the signature to a new site without changing the
authentication.  And anybody can always copy the cleartext
and then sign it with a different key.  Right?  What are you
getting at?
Now what you can do is put the site's URL in the signed text, forcing the copier to change the URL and re-sign it
with his own key.  And you could time-stamp your document, proving that you had possession of it before the copier did.
But that's the extent of what you can do, AFAIK.
Yeah that was my idea.  A little "PGP signed" logo.  If the
user clicks on it it gives them the signature, and/or a href
to a PGP page.  (Probably one maintained by yours truly.)
I have a little logo which is (as I recall) 32x32 pixels
which is just "PGP" with a red check-mark superimposed.
I'll hack on this idea during what I jocularly refer to as
my spare time.
                 "Toys, Tools and Technologies"
  the Niche         New Signal Consulting -- C++, Java, HTML, Ecash
            Bryce PGP sig follows

@_date: 1996-02-07 10:50:54
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Web Page Authentication (was: Anti-Nazi Authentication) 
An entity calling itself Jiri Baum No I didn't.  That was Rich I think.
What *I* wrote was some ways that you *could* do something
about it, namely PGP clearsigs and and timestamps.  I have
the disheartening impression that my e-mail hasn't been
delivered properly for the last couple of weeks.  That, or
nobody is listening to me.
That's a good idea.  Of course you already have signed the
URL, which is supposed to be universal.  However someone
*could* hijack the http requests and shove the wrong images
into your "PGP signed" document.  This could stand some more
thought.  I like your MD5 idea, but that isn't as easy to
implement and distribute.
Most graphic file formats can have inert embedded comments.
We could stick the URL at which the file should be found,
along with a whole PGP sig of that URL and the graphic
data.  Then, since we have that URL signed, and we have the
URL for the inline image in the html file signed, we can
match the two together and be safe except for some really
funky replay attacks.  (Which you can avoid by never storing
a file at an URL which once held a different file.)
Hm.  Your MD5 hashes sound like a better idea.  :-)
Umm..  Hm.  What do you mean?  The text of the hrefs would
be signed since it is part of the html document.  Hopefully
it would be intuitively obvious to the most casual user that
if you are reading a file signed by X, and you click on an
URL and go to another file, that the new file is not
necessarily signed by X.  :-)
Nice!  If you want you can have copies of the graphics in
I think they should say "signed" rather than "verified"
since they haven't been verified until the user actually
runs PGP on them.  Let me know if you want variations on the
images there-- I'll cook them up and give them to you.
Sorry for snapping at you at the beginning of this message--
I'm was just in a bad mood and I hate having things
mis-attributed to me.
                 "Toys, Tools and Technologies"
  the Niche         New Signal Consulting -- C++, Java, HTML, Ecash
            Bryce PGP sig follows

@_date: 1996-02-11 20:08:51
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: Re: Privacy Without Tears 
Excellent.  This is much-needed.  Please see
" and consider
cross-linking with me.  I'd rather point people to your
novice guide than to Stale's International PGP pages.  I wrote BAP for the same reason-- clueless newbies needed to
be able to use PGP.  My mother is able to successfully use
BAP, so I consider it a great success.  Unfortunately since
I am distributing it in return for electronic cash I have
limited myself to a higher-tech audience than the program
was actually intended for.  I'm still considering what to do
about this dilemma...
                 "Toys, Tools and Technologies"
  the Niche         New Signal Consulting -- C++, Java, HTML, Ecash
            Bryce PGP sig follows

@_date: 1996-02-14 09:22:14
@_author: Bryce 
@_subject: An entity calling itself Kilroy was probably here (was: Web Page Authentication (was: Anti-Nazi Authentication) ) 
This quotes some mail sent directly to me by (probably) an entity calling itself "Jiri Baum".  I apologize in advance
if said probable entity is offended at my broadcasting his
words, but I thought it was a good contribution to cpunks.
(Which, cosmos knows, could use some good contributions
that aren't just rehashes of the eternal floating
"libertarianism" Usenet flamewar/rantfest.)
(Hereafter knowns as "the EFLUFR", pronounced "Effluffer".)
  +---+---- Bryce
   |
+---+------ Probably an entity calling itself Jiri
v v v v
Well now let's say that an active attacker had supplanted
your public key with his own.  He is not, really, an entity
who calls himself "Jiri".  I mean, sure by using a public key which he controls and which has "Jiri" on it he is calling himself "Jiri", but he rarely if ever actually talks
to people and says things which those people associate with the name "Jiri".  More significantly, he never thinks of
*himself* as "Jiri".  So in this most fundamental sense he
does not "call himself Jiri".
*You* are the entity who calls yourself Jiri, and I can only
say that you "probably" wrote the above because I'm not sure
if you actually control the public key associated with your Tim May's solipsistic conflation of appearance and identity
I guess we are just using different semantics for "an entity
calling itself".  I didn't want to say "an entity whose One
True Name is 'Jiri Baum'", because I don't believe in One
True Names.  I can see how my choice of words was confusing
though, since Mitch (the Man In The CHannel) can be seen as
"calling itself 'Jiri Baum'".
Maybe I'll start saying "An entity who creates the output
which we associate with the nym 'Jiri Baum'...", in order to
point out that the actual "Jiri" makes this stuff up and Mitch just relays it with perhaps some editing.  But then
what if Mitch took a more active role, putting words in your
mouth and so forth?  Maybe I should say "An entity who calls
itself 'Jiri Baum' and is more or less unaware of any nym
collision regarding that nym...".
Yeah, that one seems bulletproof...
Wei Dai  and Matthew Richardson  have both done this.  I suspect
that Wei's time-stamping service is not still functional.
(A pity.  We need redundancy for added assurance.)
I myself use Usenet and mailing lists as a sort of poor
man's time-stamping service.  If I invent an idea or some
prose, and I sign it and then broadcast it thusly, I think
enough people will keep a record of it having been in
existence with my signature on it at this time, that I can
later call on them to testify to that effect.  Hopefully.
Yet another reason to clearsign my output.
Okay I will try to find responses to this even if they are
buried in the EFLUFR.  (All hail GREP!)
                 "Toys, Tools and Technologies"
  the Niche         New Signal Consulting -- C++, Java, HTML, Ecash
            Bryce PGP sig follows
