
@_date: 1998-12-06 15:15:56
@_author: PST 
@_subject: *** Holiday Cash *** 
THIS IS IT FOLKS!!
This is THE LETTER you've been READING about
in the NEWS lately.
Due to the popularity of this letter on the
Internet, a major nightly news program recently
devoted an entire show to the investigation of
the program described below, to see if it really
can make people money.  If you saw it, you know
that their conclusion was that while most people did not make the $55,000, as discussed in the plan,
EVERYONE who followed the instructions was able to make 100 to 160 times their money at the VERY LEAST.
The show also investigated whether or not the
program was legal.  Their findings proved once and
for all that there are absolutely no laws prohibiting
the participation in the program.  "This is one of
the most exciting opportunities with the MOST income
potential on the internet today!"  - - 48 Hours.
Hi, my name is Susan.  After I saw this letter aired
on the news program, I decided to get some of my
skeptical questions answered.
Question  - Does it really work?  Until I try it,
I can only go on the testimony of people I don't know,
so I will only know if I try it.  I've never done
this type of thing, but I decided it was time to try
something.  If I keep doing what I am doing I'll keep
getting what I've got.  Besides, people 70 years old
have been surveyed and they have consistently said
that the 2 regrets they have had in their lives were
Upon hearing this again, and hearing what the media
said about it, I decided that at age 42, I was going to
take a small chance and see what would come of it.
Question  - Is it legal?  - Yes,  (Refer to title 18, Section 1302 & 1342 of the U.S. Postal and Lottery
Laws)  This opportunity isn't much of a risk and could
turn out to actually be a bit of fun.
Bottom Line;
The risk is only $20 and time on the Internet.
The following is a copy of the letter that the media
was referring to:
This is a LEGAL, MONEYMAKING PHENOMENON.
PRINT this letter, READ the directions, THEN READ IT
AGAIN ! ! !
You are about to embark on the most profitable and
unique program you may ever see!  Many times over,
it has demonstrated and proven its ability to
generate large amounts of cash!  This program is
showing fantastic appeal with a huge and ever-growing
on-line population desirous of additional income.
This ia a legitimate, LEGAL, moneymaking opportunity.
It does not require you to come in personal contact
with people, do any hard work, and best of all, you
never have to leave the house, except to get the mail
and go to the bank!
This truly is that lucky break you've been waiting
for!  Simply follow the easy instructions in this
letter, and your financial dreams can come true!
When followed correctly, this electronic, multi-
level marketing program WORKS!
Thousands of people have used this program to:
This is your chance, Don't pass it up!
You have great potential for extra earnings that is
available at your fingertips!  You have unlimited
access to wealth, but you must be willing to take
that first step!  The Media ALREADY PROVED That ! ! ! You could be making an obscene amount of money!  I
have given you the information, materials, and
opportunity to become financially better off.  IT IS
UP TO YOU NOW!  - THINK ABOUT IT - Your risk is only
$20.?  HOW MUCH DO YOU SPEND ON LOTTO TICKETS -
  for NO RETURN?
ORDER YOUR REPORTS TODAY
AND GET STARTED ON YOUR ROAD
TO FINANCIAL FREEDOM! ! ! :)
