
@_date: 1996-02-13 00:18:12
@_author: Steve Willer 
@_subject: Free end-to-end encryption code? 
As a side project, to support remote mail and news pickup through the
Internet to my company's servers (through a firewall), I've been
slowly writing an end-to-end encryption program. Essentially, the idea
is that the client program (say, a mail program) connects to a client
"reflector", which lives on the same person's machine. The client
reflector connects to a server reflector, which perhaps lives on the
firewall. The client and server talk to each other, the client is
authenticated, and the session key is agreed upon. Then the server
reflector connects to the server process (say, smtpd, probably on some
machine inside the company's net), and an encypted session is
obtained. This doesn't protect against the machine's memory being
watched or anything like that, but it does provide a good amount of
security for packets over the Internet, just like the end-to-end type
of encryption software described in Applied Cryptography.
Now, this is my first code with any real encryption in it, and I'm
trying to tackle key negotiation protocols and so on, while at the
same time utilizing RSA, IDEA and MD5. In my research, I found that a
number of firewall vendors have such a system available, either
implemented in hardware or software. What I want to know is: Is there
any code like this available somewhere on the net that does this
stuff? I would hate to have to reinvent the wheel if I don't have to,
given my limited amount of spare time.

@_date: 1996-02-15 10:09:30
@_author: Steve Willer 
@_subject: Re: Free end-to-end encryption code? 
Okay...well...here's another problem. You see, most of the clients are
going to be Windows people. I can't use a Unix-only solution.

@_date: 1996-02-16 18:09:30
@_author: Steve Willer 
@_subject: Re: I've just unsubscribed from cypherpunks 
I don't understand what the issue is. I used to use procmail for my
filtering, and it worked fine with Pine (although it would have been
nice to thread my mailing lists). Now, I use Forte's Agent, which
gives me a newsgroup-like access to mail folders _and_ auto-filtering.
So I have no problem with the mailing list -- if I want to ignore a
thread, I just don't look at it. I also filter out all subscribe and
unsubscribe requests into a "Bozos" mailing list, and I can easily
ignore "I'm leaving" style messages by not looking at them and letting
them go away on the next purge.
If you don't know how to use the right tools, or you are not able to,
or you aren't willing to, I fail to see how the members of the list
are at fault. The people at fault are, respectively, you, your
employer, and you.

@_date: 1996-02-16 04:19:20
@_author: Steve Willer 
@_subject: Re: I've just unsubscribed from cypherpunks 
I'm way ahead of you. I had misinterpreted his letter, thinking him to
be whining when he really wasn't. I've already apologized, and he's
already accepted.

@_date: 1996-03-02 08:35:29
@_author: Steve Willer 
@_subject: Re: PGP to PC mail integration 
Not very user-friendly either.
Usually the proxy would be on the same machine as the mail program (i.e. "your
machine"). That would mean the "attack proxy" would have to be installed on the
user's PC, and if someone has that kind of access to your machine, their secret
keyring is vulnerable anyway.
