
@_date: 1996-01-02 06:44:15
@_author: Wink Junior 
@_subject: CSPAN Currency Creation Hearings 
Dave Feustel  on talk.politics.crypto mentioned that
on Saturday morning CSPAN was broadcasting congressional hearings on
"currency creation, during which smartcards, Ecash, encryption, privacy and
government regulation of all of the above were discussed."  There's supposed
to be at least one rebroadcast.
A brief review of the highlights would be very interesting.

@_date: 1996-01-02 17:52:01
@_author: Wink Junior 
@_subject: Errata for _Applied Crypto_ 
Bruce Schneier  has an errata file for the second
edition of _Applied Cryptography_ available on request.  Hopefully he will
also make it available via the Web.  Hats off to Bruce for making this
information available in a timely, cost-effective manner.
"Dilute! Dilute! OK!"

@_date: 1996-02-16 22:48:29
@_author: Wink Junior 
@_subject: HRoller Anonymous Remailer Shut Down 
This bit of unverified news from alt.privacy:
Between irresponsible online behavior and media-spins, such as the example
posted by Mr. Young, will probably make '96 the year of the remailer wars.
If they're not out-and-out banned in the U.S. by '98 I'll be surprised (but
damned happy.)  Hats off to HRoller and Broiles who've fought the good fight.

@_date: 1996-02-19 12:02:38
@_author: Wink Junior 
@_subject: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
This culled from comp.security.firewalls.  I've edited out the blathering ad
copy and just left the "technical details".  Sounds like POTP Jr. to me; I'm
certainly not interested in the "buy our company" schtick.	-- Wink
         Wichita Falls, Texas
         February 16, 1996
         For immediate Release:
         Internet.Privacy.Guaranteed
            If You Break our System, You've Bought our Company!
         Internet.Privacy.Guaranteed, IPG, today announced a new
         product line that guarantees privacy for 2, or privacy
         networks of 20,000 or more people on Internet. We back up our
         Guarantee with the Corporate motto, 'If You Break our System,
         You Have Bought our Company.'
         IPG Guarantees Absolute Privacy on Internet. Using the
         trademark CRE transform, the IPG PCX Nvelopes system
         translates any intelligible digitized information into
         utterly random gibberish. Only one other user, or more in
         certain instances where there is a need to know,  will have
         the Nvelopener required to transform the random gibberish
         back into intelligible digitized information. CRE Transforms,
         trademark IPG, are the only acknowledged unbreakable method
         of so transforming digitized information. There are no
         passwords, encryption keys, or anything like that to conjure
         up, remember, and perhaps forget. PCX Nvelopes usage is
         automatic, similar to PKZIP and PKUNZIP.   Easy to install,
         use, add to, and administer.
                        It is Unbreakable
         If an individual, or any group of individuals, break the IPG
         Privacy System, IPG will sell them the company for $1.00, and
         even give them the dollar to buy it with. If you think you
         can, just try and you find out that it is impossible. There
         may be rumors that someone has broken the system, but that is
         not possible, it will never happen.
                     Don't Waste your time !
         How dare IPG have the unmitigated gall? When you are certain,
         then you are certain, and IPG is certain! Others dare not
         make such a brazen boast because they cannot possibly back it
         up, but IPG most certainly can.  Every informed expert of the
         technology will confirm, without reservation, that the IPG
         system is not breakable, as many already have!  There, we
         have thrown down that gauntlet, dare you pick it up?
                               CRE Transforms
         The system uses CRE transforms, metaphorically called
         Nvelopes, to translate any meaningful digitized information
         into absolutely random gibberish.  In order to convert that
         random gibberish back into intelligible usable form, a
         Nvelopener is required, and only the rightful recipient(s)
         has the required Nvelopener.
                          Nvelopes and Nvelopeners
         Every Nvelope and Nvelopener pair is absolutely and totally
         unique - they bear no resemblance whatsoever to any other
         Nvelope - Nvelopener pair in existence, anywhere ay anytime.
         Every time a user wants to transmit information to another
         user, they utilize a new unique Nvelope.
                      No Passwords or Keys or the Like
         As an added bonus, there are NO MESSY, INTRUSIVE PASSWORDS or
         ENCRYPTION KEYS to conjure up, remember, fool around with,
         and perhaps forget. None of that sort of thing to bother with
         at all. Nothing to get in your way of using the system.
           Transforms Internet from Least Private to Most Private
         The System, called PCX Nvelopes, for Private Communications
         eXchange, transforms Internet from being the least private,
         utterly without any privacy at all, system for conducting
         communications, into the most private system possible, an
         elegant fast system that unequivocally insures privacy.
                         Privacy Network
         PCX Nvelopes serves 2 individuals who want to communicate
         with each other in private, as it serves equally well a
         corporate organization, or any other organization, privacy
         network, of 9 or 90,000 or more people, who want to keep
         customer, trade secret, strategy and plans, financial, and
         other confidential information privy to those with the need
         to know. For both in house and external usage.
                   Guaranteed Easy to Install, Use and Upgrade
         Potential users beset by a paranoia that the PCX Nvelopes
         system must be complex, difficult to configure, laborious to
         install, administratively burdensome, arduous to upgrade and
         add users, are in for a computer cultural shock.  As you will
         find, PCX is the exact antithesis of all of those things.  It
         is so simple to install, use, upgrade and add users to, that
         it will completely blow your mind away. There is nothing to
         do, installation and adding users are totally load and go
         operations - if you can operate a computer, you can install
         and use PCX Nvelopes within minutes, it is absolutely duck
         soup to any computer literate, even marginal ones.
                               Prices
         Prices are $19.96, including shipping and handling,
         for a full blown 12 user Demonstration system, unconditional
         moneyback guarantee and may be applied to your first order -
         the Demo system can be used by 2 people, or all the way up to
         12 users in a privacy network. For $39.95, two users can set
         up a two user privacy system with 500 Nvelopes.  A fully
         operational integrated multi-user system costs approximately
         $140.00 per user, ready to load and go, with thousands, or
         millions of Nvelopes and Nvelopeners. IPG also offers full
         turnkey leases at $15.00 per user, per network, per
         month, which includes all software, upgrades, administration,
         and unlimited Nvelopes and Nvelopeners.
         As a reference to its unbreakability, we refer you to an
         article by Paul Leyland on Internet at:
                      For more information visit our Web Site at:
                      or E-Mail at ipgsales
         or by phone at 817-691-1081
                  Trademarks & Copyrights
         Nvelopes, Nvelopeners, CPX and CRE Transforms are trademarks
         of Internet.Privacy.Guaranteed, IPG.   Copyrighted 1995,1996
         by: Internet.Privacy.Guaranteed.  All rights reserved.

@_date: 1996-02-20 14:14:12
@_author: Wink Junior 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed 
I've been reading the mish-mash of replies from "IPG Sales" and have been
trying to figure out exactly what it is they think they're doing.  Aside
from the crap about not revealing details due to patent-pending issues, but
claiming it's the same as a process that's been in use since 1966 (clue:
prior art == no patent) and an unwillingness to provide any names or
references for all this apart from mentioning Ms. Denning and Leyland's web
page, I think I've got something pieced together.  Perhaps IPG Sales will be
happy to tell me if I've got it right or not:
Step 1. 100 friends and I pay IPG $$$.
Step 2. IPG starts up a hardware-based random number generator, and spits out
Step 3. IPG's Kwality Kontrol Dept. will run a bunch of statistical tests on
Step 4. IPG takes the surviving chunks and runs them through a "prime number
Step 5. The results are somehow variable in length (?) or in some way
Step 6. IPG mails out a lot of floppies to me and my 100 friends containing
Step 7. These results act as OTPs (aka Nvelopes) that are used to encode
Err... okay, maybe I don't have this figured out.  Still sounds like OTPs,
and someone selling random data at $15 a pop per month.  Having multiple
floppies mailed to me monthly, with all the inherent difficulties, sounds
like a lot more work than public-key management.  My bozometer is pegged.
Looking forward to having my oversights corrected,
"We offer freedom to the masses.  It's a tough fight -- I'll grant you that --
but we're brave.  We're well financed.  We believe that God is on our side."

@_date: 1996-02-22 08:18:59
@_author: Wink Junior 
@_subject: Re: IPG hoax? 
Arley Carter sez:
I must admit that after the first day I've been wondering if this whole
IPG thing isn't some kind of deep troll or early April Fool's joke.  Has
anyone actually spoken on the phone with IPG or confirmed their existence
in any way?  For the record, I'd like to state that I saw their ad posted
in comp.security.firewalls and forwarded an edited copy (technical details
only) to the list, but if this turns out to be a hoax of some sort, I was
and am not a willing participant.
Would IPG Sales please post an address and phone number so we can confirm
the company exists?

@_date: 1996-02-23 10:57:04
@_author: Wink Junior 
@_subject: Bell Labs' Alternative to Java 
Looks like Java might have some competition.  Perry and others who are
concerned that Java has inherent security flaws might want to get a word
in with the Bell Labs folks while the project is still in development.
