
@_date: 1993-04-23 00:00:26
@_author: William Stephen Kish 
@_subject: encrypted telnet 
I've created this simple little program that allows for encrypted
telnet sessions (between unix hosts) without any modification to the
system telnetd or telnet programs.
The system consists of a pair of programs: 1 running on the target
machine (Host B) and 1 running on the machine being telneted from
(Host A).  (These daemons require no special permissions -- they run
as normal user processes. Also, both daemons are really the same
program; each is started with a different switch to let it know which
hat to wear...)
Instead of telneting directly to Host B, the user telnets to a special
port on his own machine ("telnet HostA 10000").  This connects him to
the encryption daemon.  Upon makeing this connection, this Host A
encryption deamon opens a TCP connection to the peer encryption daemon
on Host B. This Host B deamon then opens a connection to port 23 (the
normal telnet port) on it's own machine. Thus, all data from the user
is passed to the encryption daemon on its local machine where it is
encrypted and sent over the net to the peer daemon on the target
machine. There the data is decrypted before being passed to the local
telnetd process.  Data flowing in the reverse direction undergoes a
similar process. All of this is transparent to the user and telnet
What I need now is a strong stream cypher to drop into these daemons.
Can anyone supply references to apropriate algorithms or code?  A good
cypher should be resistant to known plaintext attacks, since telnet
sessions start out with lots of known plaintext (telnet options, login
banner, motd, user id, etc...).
If there is interest, I'll look into releasing this when it's complete.
Bill Kish

@_date: 1993-04-23 04:30:46
@_author: William Stephen Kish 
@_subject: Re: encrypted telnet 
Excerpts from mail: 23-Apr-93 Re: encrypted telnet Derek
Atkins (1442)
Well, you really don't need root to run this daemon.  You can simply
telnet (normally) to machine B, start the daemon in the background, log
off, start the daemon in the background on machine A, and go from there.
 There is only a problem if machine B kills off your process when you
log out...  To be completely safe, you should change your login password
once you are on the encrypted link since the initial telnet to set up
the daemon was in the clear...
2) How do you do key distribution? One possible solution is to use PGP to encrypt this telnet key and mail
it to your account on B. Your private key on B can then decrypt the
telnet key. (If B is a multi-user system, you do have the problems
associated with root having access to your private key...  But if root
is evil, he can get around any sort of encrypted telnet scheme if he
really wants...)
Currently, everyone would be responsible for their own encryption
process.  This really isn't meant to be a complete standard, just an
ad-hoc solution until telnet's and telnetd's that support encryption
become commonplace.
Kerberos requires a large amount of support by a site's system admins. Most sites don't yet support kerberos. (Also, kerberos has some problems
of its own...) My solution is one that the average person can use
without special system software.  Thanks for the comments,
