
@_date: 1995-08-11 15:32:04
@_author: William Ono 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
That was entirely useless.  1) You directed your mail to a dummy address
representing an anonymous remailer.  2) You wasted even more bandwidth,
time, and disk space by posting yet another useless post to cypherpunks.
Please note the To: and Cc: fields carefully next time you address a mail!
William Ono                                      PGP 2902B621
 fingerprint = 51 6B BC 81 57 D8 FF 6A  5A A1 A4 6B 9A E3 E5 EE = fingerprint
PGP-encrypted mail welcome!                              Witty Quote Goes Here

@_date: 1995-09-25 10:02:11
@_author: William Ono 
@_subject: New remailer now active. 
I have an anonymous remailer running at wmono - the domain
may or may not change (anybody have any suggestions?).  It runs Mixmaster
2.0.1 and Ghio2 to give both Type I and Type II support.  In the near
future, when I have some time on my hands, I will upgrade to Mix2.0.2.
This remailer is going public as of now.  I have sent this message to
cypherpunks, remailer-operators, and rops, so my appologies in advance
if you receive multiple copies.
Please add it to your pingers and cover-traffic generators.
Although I have tested this remailer a lot, I have only done so from two
accounts, therefore I am not certain of its reliability.  Hopefully any
such problems will be ironed out over the next few days.  For this reason,
I would advise against using it for sensitive materials for a week or so.
If you encounter any difficulties, please contact me at the remailer's
address.  Mail sent regarding the remailer to wmono (my main
addreess) will be ignored and/or deleted.
Type I remailer's default latency is set to 900 seconds (15 minutes) so add
a Latent-Time: +0:00 header if you want an immediate response.
The keys are below.
Type I (ghio2) remailer key:

@_date: 1996-05-21 19:33:41
@_author: William Ono 
@_subject: Re: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
That makes sense.  I don't think the processing time is very significant here.  Even using somewhere where collisions can be created is not much of a problem, as email addresses tend to be picky for syntax.
How would mail spoofing be prevented?  Sending mail with a given From: address is laughably trivial, even making Recieved: look feasable is easy. Having people PGP-sign their 'add' requests might work, but then anybody
can create any keys with any email address attached to it.  Asking the
remailer operator to verify each key would be unimaginable.  Sending back
acknowlegements suffers from storage problems, processing power problems,
and also makes it significantly easier for traffic analysis.  (One mail
in, one mail out, one mail in, lots of mails out.  Pairs of mails roughly On the whole, I think the idea of 'permit lists' is good, but not one that is very workable under the current "structure".
IANACoNE (cryptologist or network expert)

@_date: 1996-08-17 19:23:57
@_author: William Ono 
@_subject: Re: Unix passwd-cracker online? 
Somehow I have a hard time believing this to be true.  I run crack, a
password searching program that uses a dictionary as its base, on my
With ultra fast crypt (UFC), the fastest crypt() replacement I can find, I
can run through about 9700 passwords per second on this P6-150.
Now, this is a back-of-the-envelope calculation:  Assuming that the
password can be one to eight characters of the following:
we find that we have a set of 72 characters.  That gives us
72^8 + 72^7 + 72^6 + 72^5 + 72^4 + 72^3 + 72^2 + 72^1 or
732376025552520 possible combinations.  At 9700 encryptions per second,
it would take my system 2401 years to brute force -one- password to completion.  That means that, most likely, if this 'locate password on
demand' system existed, it would not work in real time, or in any time
during any person's life.  Moore's Law might shorten this timeframe
considerably, but still not to any reasonable time frame.
Continuing with my back-of-the-envelope estimate, we have the length of a
crypt()'d password as being 13 characters.  The password in plaintext has
to follow, with a length of 8 characters.  At a size of 732376025552520 * 21 characters, we would have a database of
15379896536602920 bytes, or 22565249 650mb CD-ROMs.  That's for the
passwords of one salt, without any formatting.  Even if we could achieve a
95% compression rate on this data (it is text, after all) we would end up
with 237528 CD-ROMs.
Most likely my set of characters will be found to be incorrect, but
anything that includes even a-z, A-Z, and 0-9 in one to eight character
combinations most likely will not be a favourable crack target.
Sorry, I don't think this is feasable, or possible.
(Please do correct my calculations if errors are detected, especially if
the corrected numbers make this possible.. it's getting late at night, and
my mind is fogging up, so these calculations/estimates/wild guesses may be
off more than usual. It does sound like an interesting project to
undertake, if it were possible, but not on my equipment!)

@_date: 1996-09-23 17:06:41
@_author: William Ono 
@_subject: Re: Jena Remailer 
I took a stab at re-writing the help file, and I've attached it below.
The operator of jena might want to use it instead of the help file
currently being distributed, after correcting any errors and adding the
German sections back in.
IMHO, the How do I.. section is the most useful.
I believe these instructions are correct -- I was able to follow them to
create a nym, and use it.  YMMV.
William Ono                                 PGP Key: F3F716BD
 fingerprint = A8 0D B9 0F 40 A7 D6 64  B3 00 04 74 FD A7 12 C9 = fingerprint
PGP-encrypted mail welcome!           "640k ought to be enough for everybody."
Pseudonymous Server Help
This pseudonymous server allows private, pseudonymous communication.  When
used with chained remailers, true pseudonymity without fear of a connection
to a real address can be achieved.
Some things to remember about this server:
 - When creating a pseudonym, a special PGP key created for this purpose is
   sent to the server.  This will be used to name the pseudonym, and assign
   a Email address.
    * The hexadecimal key-ID forms the Email address.  For example, if the
      nym's key is 0x01020304, the address will be:
        anon-01020304
    * The user-ID of the key contains the pseudonym, only.  Note: This is
      different from the convention, which is to include the Email address
      in angle brackets.
 - To publish something under a pseudonym, send a encrypted, signed email
   to this server, which will post it to one or more Usenet newsgroups,
   or send it via Email.
 - Anyone is able to reply to items published under a pseudonym.  Anything
   sent to the pseudonym's Email address is stored on the server, encrypted
   with the pseudonym's public key.
 - Because the server does not know (and does not want to know) the true
   identity behind a pseudonym, mail cannot be delivered directly.
 - Mail is delivered only when a signed, encrypted request is received from
   a nym.  At this time, all waiting mail is sent to the address specified
   in the encrypted message.
 - The server never answers.  If something goes wrong, the job will be
   dropped silently.
All commands are sent in the Subject: header of the unencrypted
(plaintext) message, and should be Emailed to anon
There are two commands:
 help - sends the server's help file.
 send - delivers waiting mail.  The body of the Email should be a signed,
         encrypted message with a Reply-To: header, which is where the
         mail will be delivered via Mixmaster remailers.  (The key that
         the body is signed with determines which nym's mail is delivered.)
         The nym's mail spool is then purged.  To prevent replay attacks,
         the signature must be less than 48 hours old.  If the signature
         is not valid, the request is bounced and the headers are saved,
         encrypted, in the nym's mail spool.
If no valid command is found in the Subject: header, the body is checked for
a signed, encrypted (to the server) message.
If the signature is from a keyID belonging to an existing nym, and the
check fails, the headers are saved, encrypted, in the nym's mailspool.  This
is to alert the owner of the nym to a possible spoof attempt.
If the signature check fails because the keyID that the signature is from
is unknown, the decrypted body is assumed to contain a public key for a
new nym, which will be added to the server's database.
If the signature is valid, the decrypted body should be a header for the
outbound mail, followed by a blank line, then the body for the outbound
mail.  The following are headers considered valid by the server:
 * Subject: (or Anon-Subject:)
 * To: (or Anon-To:)
 * References:
 * Newsgroups: (or Post-To: or Anon-Post-To:)
 * Followup-To: (or Anon-Followup-To:)
    - This must be specified as a -single- newsgroup if cross-posting
All outbound messages has Precedence: junk to silently drop error messages.
If any of the above conditions are not met, the server will silently drop
the job.
This server must not be used to transmit illegal materials, flames, or
binary data.  I may disable nyms that misuse the server.
The German telecommunication laws may require me to modify the server to
allow access to intelligence agencies without notification.  You are
advised to use Mixmaster remailers and other alias servers -- it is
recommended that you do not request mail to be sent to your own Email
How do I ..
..create an identity?
 - Run 'pgp -kg' to generate a new key.
    + Select your keysize.  (a 1204-bit or larger key is recommented)
    + Enter your pseudonym as the user-ID.  Do not enter an Email address.
    + Enter a passphrase.  (Make sure not to forget it!)
 - Run 'pgp -kxa "pseudonym" > anonid.asc' to extract your public key.
 - Run 'pgp -esa -u "pseudonym" anon anonid.asc' to sign and
    encrypt the extracted key for the server.
 - Mail the result to anon with a Subject: header that
    does not include the words 'help' or 'send'  (It is recommened that
    you do this through one or more anonymous remailers.)
 - Test your nym by posting to a test group (de.test is recommended due
    to the location of the server) and wait several days before requesting
    mail delivery.
 - If it didn't work, repeat the entire procedure.  It's possible that the
    key-ID already exists in the server's database and belongs to another
    pseudonym.
..Email a message?
 - Write the mail body, remembering not to include any information about
    your true identity.
 - Add the following headers at the top of the mail:
     To: destination
     Subject: Outbound mail's subject line
   Leave a blank line between the headers and the body.
 - Save the file.
 - Run 'pgp -esa -u "pseudonym" anon filename' to sign the mail
    with the nym's key, and encrypt it for the server.
 - Mail the result to anon with a Subject: header that
    does not include the words 'help' or 'send'  (It is recommened that
    you do this through one or more anonymous remailers.)
..post an article?
 - Write the article's body, remembering not to include any information
    about your true identity.
 - Add the following headers at the top of the mail:
     Newsgroups: a.newsgroup.name
     Subject: Article's subject line
   (If cross-posting, remember that a Followup-To: header is required.)
   Leave a blank line between the headers and the body.
 - Save the file.
 - Run 'pgp -esa -u "pseudonym" anon filename' to sign the mail
    with the nym's key, and encrypt it for the server.
 - Mail the result to anon with a Subject: header that
    does not include the words 'help' or 'send'  (It is recommened that
    you do this through one or more anonymous remailers.)
..request Email to be delivered?
 - Create a file containing the following:
     Reply-To: address
   Leave a blank line after the header.
 - Save the file.
 - Run 'pgp -esa -u "pseudonym" anon filename' to sign the mail
    with the nym's key, and encrypt it for the server.
 - Mail the result to anon with a Subject: header that
    does not include the words 'help' or 'send'  (It is recommened that
    you do this through one or more anonymous remailers.)
Things to remember
 - Never send mail directly to the server.  Always use at least one remailer
    to hide your identity.  The best way to protect yourself against a
    police 'request' is to ensure that the server cannot determine your
    identity.
 - Use Mixmaster remailers for increased protection.  Use
    mixmaster as the final hop to defeat traffic
    analysis.
 - Never request a delivery to your real Email address.
Typ  Bits/ID       Datum      Benutzer
Type bits/keyID    Date       User ID
öff  1024/D3305539 1996/05/01 Jenaer Anonymous Service -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3i
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Jenaer Mixmaster Anonserver
jenanon mixmaster 54e0023828fabe0b85e83b3d458134e3 2.0.3
-----Begin Mix Key-----
-----End Mix Key-----

@_date: 1996-09-23 16:41:59
@_author: William Ono 
@_subject: Re: Jena Remailer 
Sorry to followup on myself, but I made a mistake in the help file.
   - Mail the result to anon with a Subject: send
      header.
Sorry about that, folks.
William Ono                                 PGP Key: F3F716BD
 fingerprint = A8 0D B9 0F 40 A7 D6 64  B3 00 04 74 FD A7 12 C9 = fingerprint
PGP-encrypted mail welcome!           "640k ought to be enough for everybody."

@_date: 1996-09-28 10:38:04
@_author: William Ono 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Jena Remailer 
My appologies in advance to the list for this noise.  Dear Anonymous, if
there is another way to contact you, please let it be known so that this
need not involve the 1500 others on the list.
No, it's not.  "the address will be: anon-01020304
implies that the address will be anon-01020304
0x is used to indicate that the characters that follow are in hexadecimal.
Exactly.  Just the pseudonym.  Remember that at this point, you do not
know what your pseudonymous address will be, because the keys have not
been generated.
Yes, identical in function.
is the same as
Anon-To: bill
I use PGP 2.6.2 as distributed by MIT.  The command line in my re-written
help file works for my copy of PGP.  The command line in the original help
file appearantly works for the international edition, although I am not
able to confirm this.
Multiple words work fine, but yes, that should be fine.
Yes, that is correct -- be sure that you are signing with your nym's key,
and not your own.  Also be sure that the remailers you are using are
As soon as the mail arrives, that is correct.  If it was lost by using a
non-operational remailer, or by sending a misformatted mail, then it will
Correct.  All of this should be starting at column 0, with no indentation.
It may be lag, it may not be.  I recommend that you create a test nym,
with minimal anonymity (no remailers, send everything directly to jena)
and, after waiting several hours to ensure that the key was added, send a
mail from your nym to your own account.  If you get no mail after several
hours, something is wrong.
That's exactly right.  We need better message pools.  Actually, what is
needed is a email message pool, because of the lag and uncertainly of
Usenet.  But that's a project for another day.
William Ono                                 PGP Key: F3F716BD
 fingerprint = A8 0D B9 0F 40 A7 D6 64  B3 00 04 74 FD A7 12 C9 = fingerprint
PGP-encrypted mail welcome!           "640k ought to be enough for everybody."
