
@_date: 1996-06-30 08:09:15
@_author: The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition             
@_subject: Important News from The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition 
Dear Wall Street Journal reader:
If you haven't visited the Money & Investing Update in a while, we wanted to
let you know we've made some dramatic changes.  On April 29, we became The
Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition (
That means we've expanded, to bring you the entire spectrum of business
coverage provided by The Wall Street Journal. You'll see not only our
pioneering, continually updated coverage of the markets, but all the most
important stories in technology, marketing, the law--even sports and weather.
We've also added new features we hope make the Interactive Edition even more
useful, such as Personal Journal, which enables you to create your own
personalized view of today's news, and the ability to build and monitor your
own personal stock portfolio.
As a trial subscriber to Money & Investing Update, we are eager to have you
try the Interactive Edition.  So, your User Name and Password for the Update
are valid for the Interactive Edition as well.  Plus, as a special thank you
for your early support, your access to the Interactive Edition WILL CONTINUE
TO BE FREE THROUGH AUGUST 31, 1996, after which time a very modest
subscription fee will be required to continue.
But remember, NO CREDIT CARD OR OTHER PAYMENT INFORMATION is required until
after August 31, and ONLY THEN if you decide you want to join us as a paid
subscriber.  Until then, read the Interactive Edition as often as you like
at no charge.
To see the Interactive Edition, you can jump directly to the front page at
 or take a brief tour of
the most interesting new features at We look forward to hearing your reactions to our interactive efforts, since
the comments of readers like you have already played a powerful role in
shaping our future.  Please write us at the address below with any questions
or comments.
Neil Budde
The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition
P.S.  If you experienced difficulty accessing the Interactive Edition during
our first few weeks, we apologize.  Reader interest completely exceeded our
expectations.  However, we've made a number of major system improvements
since then and we encourage you to come back and try again.
If you don't want to receive future mail from the WSJ-ANNOUNCE list, simply
reply to this message with UNSUBSCRIBE WSJ-ANNOUNCE3 in the message body.

@_date: 1996-09-12 08:43:53
@_author: The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition             
@_subject: Important News from The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition 
Dear Wall Street Journal reader:
Your trial subscription to The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition ends
in less than two weeks, on Sept. 21, 1996.
We hope you've had the chance to explore the Interactive Edition fully
during this extensive trial period. If not, visit us today at Be sure to check out key features such as Personal Journal, which enables you
to create a personalized view of current Journal news, and our extensive
Company Briefing Books. A brief tour of our most powerful features is at
If you wish to continue with your subscription after the trial ends, you
don't need to re-register. Just fill out a brief online form and provide us
with payment information; we won't charge your credit card until after our
trial period is over. An annual subscription costs just $49 a year, or $29 a
year if you subscribe to any print edition of The Wall Street Journal.
To convert to an annual subscription, just access  and click
on the "Convert Now" graphic. If you do not wish to convert to an annual
subscription, you do not need to do anything -- you will not be billed and
your subscription will be canceled automatically at the end of the trial.
You may also be interested in a special offer available to users of
Microsoft's Internet Explorer. Microsoft has made arrangements with several
premier publishers on the Web, including the Interactive Edition, to offer
subscriptions to Internet Explorer users at no charge through the end of this
year. If you use the latest release of Internet Explorer as your Web browser,
you will be able to keep reading the Interactive Edition through Dec. 31,
1996 and there is no need for you to provide us with payment information at
this time. For more information on this offer, you can visit
 or ask us questions at the e-mail address below.
We hope you'll stay with us as a charter annual subscriber. The coming
months will see continued progress and expansion on all fronts in the
Interactive Edition -- with more Briefing Books, an improved and enhanced
Personal Journal, more exclusive news coverage, a greatly expanded search
archive and a variety of new tools that we hope will make keeping track of
the news easier and more enjoyable.
If you have questions or comments, e-mail us at the address below or call
Customer Service at 1-800-369-2834 or 1-609-514-0870.
Neil Budde
The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition
        --------------------------------------------------------
The WSJ-ANNOUNCE3 list is a service of The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition
If you no longer wish to receive messages from the WSJ-ANNOUNCE3 list, simply
reply to
this message and in the body of your message type:
UNSUBSCRIBE WSJ-ANNOUNCE3

@_date: 1996-09-19 09:17:29
@_author: The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition             
@_subject: Interactive Edition free access ends this week 
Dear Subscriber:
This Friday is the last day of your free trial subscription to The Wall
Street Journal Interactive Edition.
We hope you've enjoyed this extensive free period and that you will--if you
haven't already--join us as a charter annual subscriber.
You don't need to re-register. Just fill out a brief online form and provide
us with payment information. An annual subscription costs just $49 a year or
$29 a year if you subscribe to any print edition of The Wall Street Journal.
To convert to an annual subscription, just access  and click
on the "Convert Now" graphic. If you do not wish to convert to an annual
subscription, you do not need to do anything -- you will not be billed and
your subscription will be canceled automatically at the end of the trial.
You may also be interested in a special offer available to users of
Microsoft's Internet Explorer. Microsoft has made arrangements with several
premier publishers on the Web, including the Interactive Edition, to offer
subscriptions to Internet Explorer users at no charge through the end of
this year. If you use Internet
Explorer as your Web browser, you will be able to keep reading the
Interactive Edition through Dec.  31, 1996, and there is no need for you to
provide us with payment information at this time. For more information on
this offer, you can visit  or ask us questions at the
e-mail address below.
If you have questions or comments, e-mail us at the address below or call
Customer Service at 1-800-369-2834 or 1-609-514-0870.
Neil Budde
The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition
        --------------------------------------------------------
The WSJ-ANNOUNCE3 list is a service of The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition
If you no longer wish to receive messages from the WSJ-ANNOUNCE3 list, simply
reply to
this message and in the body of your message type:
UNSUBSCRIBE WSJ-ANNOUNCE3
