
@_date: 1994-12-01 10:03:43
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: WHAT THE.. (was: Manditory key sig.. 
in all this discussion about how well it would work and ways around it,
I think I've missed the problem that people are trying to solve.
isn't it ironic that privacy advocates are suggesting manditory
loss of anonimity (which is what forced signing is).

@_date: 1995-01-02 21:36:57
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Appolgy to P. Zimmerman 
Mr. Zimmerman,
I would like to take this opertunity to publicaly appologize to
Mr Zimmerman (the primary author of PGP).
  In a post to the internet I criticized Mr. Zimmerman for takeing a short
route to legalize PGP short term rather then directly attack Public Key
Partners so-called patent of public encryption.   I would like appologize, as I have now been presented with the opertunity
for a business venture requiring encryption of data I realize that we don't all have the legal resourses to be maveriks and challenge patents. Some of us need encryption now and it's only a matter of time before
PKP's patents fall.
--Syed Yusuf

@_date: 1995-01-10 17:04:20
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: FBI and BLACKNET 
I was just visited by the a humble servant of the FBI
inquireing what I knew of BLACKNET. They apparently believe it's
a possible network industrial sabbatoge (read Terrorism).
Although the person I spoke to was quite cordial and even bought me lunch (that's the way to win me over) I must really question
the intellegence (read IQ) and intellagence (read reconnasance)
of his superiors.
apparently whoever sent him his lead doesn't pay attention to the net
enough to know Blacknet was a hoax, and why did it take since august
for them to find me?
I explained to him the differece between a Cyperpunk and a hacker
explained what a joke it is to be prosicuting Mr. Zimmerman
and why the Government is in the wrong for trying to limit encrytion
strenght. Then I demonstrated the Internet and how to e-mail the prez
and FTP speaches of the Prez :)
(I know I know, act stupid so they volentere as much info as possible,
he let too many things slip, but still If I had his job I'd be following up things like this too)
--Syed Yusuf
(Cypherpunk and proud of it damnit!)

@_date: 1995-01-12 17:11:04
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Re: FBI and BLACKNET 
For the benifit of myself and the list, how would you go about doing that?

@_date: 1995-01-18 20:00:55
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Re: FBI and BLACKNET 
The more I think about it the more this theory makes sense. I know how they _could_ have traced me but this doesn't explain all their other
"leads" they are following up on and he seemed to imply there were many.
What do you say we put the word out?

@_date: 1995-01-22 22:39:58
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: www.commlaw.com/pepper page 
Copyright 1994 by Pepper & Corazzini, L.L.P.  All rights reserved.
Reproduction is permitted so long as no charge is made for copies, no copies
are placed on any electronic online service or database for which there is a
fee other than a flat access charge, there is no alteration and this
copyright notice is included.
legal translation:
don't charge money to access this or copies of this page UNLESS you charge for internet access and EVEN then, don't charge
extra just to look at this page.
didn't want to bring this to the list unless it's to kill this discussion
someone misread it.

@_date: 1995-02-05 09:55:12
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: No Subject 
Does anyone have a an list of a current remailers?

@_date: 1995-07-31 13:50:00
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
This might be a minor thing, but could people posting to the mailing list
please make sure that the Subject line doesn't say "re: your mail".
  it really slows me down to have to check manually what the actual
subject was or if it was directed to ME but put my addres in the cc instead of the To.
Syed Yusuf

@_date: 1995-09-19 16:36:28
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Re: Unabomber ? 
I'm willing to put it on my home page
Syed Yusuf  |    Keep me away from Wisdom that does not Cry, Philosophy that does not Laugh, and Greatness that does not bow before Children
                                                 --Kalil Gibran

@_date: 1995-09-29 16:55:06
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Electronic junk mail 
I just recieved an electronic junkmail! not only that but it was racist (and/or republican) in content.
          ^^^^^^^^^!!!!
Nothing? NOTHING??????
Cypher punks to the rescue? my privacy has been violated anyone got any ideas besides just putting each individual into my kill file?
Syed Yusuf  |    Keep me away from Wisdom that does not Cry, Philosophy that does not Laugh, and Greatness that does not bow before Children
                                                 --Kalil Gibran

@_date: 1995-12-02 10:35:40
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Re: available news/mail filtering 
I use procmail in a .procmailrc through my .forward Syed Yusuf  |    Keep me away from Wisdom that does not Cry, Philosophy that does not Laugh, and Greatness that does not bow before Children
                                                 --Kalil Gibran

@_date: 1996-02-01 08:43:41
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Re: PZ a Nazi? 
just another smear campain from the control-freak left, lets let this thread die please :)

@_date: 1996-02-24 11:08:21
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: No Subject 
Global Media Monitoring
Shanti Communications
One Stuart Road, Thornton Heath, Surrey CR7 8RA1 UK
Tel: London-UK 44-0831-196693
Fax: 44-0181-665 0384
E-Mail INTERNET: PARVEEZ
Building big brothers
book reviewed by Parveez Syed (c) Shanti RTV
   Building in Big Brother:
   The Cryptographic Policy Debate
   Edited by Lance J. Hoffman
   Springer Verlag Publishers
   Copyright: March 1995
   Price:$29.95
   ISBN 0-387-94441-9
"If you ever wondered how a particular computer technology could
attract the interest of the directors of three intelligence
agencies, the heavyweights in the computer industry, a gang of
programmers turned freedom fighters, and the President of the
United States, you need look no farther than Building in Big
Brother. This book outlines the next civil liberties battle in
the United States," according to Marc Rotenberg of Electronic
Privacy Information Center.
"One-stop-shopping for even the most sophisticated analyst of the
policy wars over cryptography," according to Michael Froomkin,
Associate Professor of Law, University of Miami Law School
"Lance Hoffman has compiled an extraordinarily useful and well
balanced collection of materials on cryptography and its applications. This book will instantly become a definitive compendium," Peter Neumann said.
"Though Lance Hoffman is a dedicated opponent of current government policy, he has assembled a volume that should be -- and will be -- on the desk of every cryptographic policymaker in Washington. He has accurately recorded the many voices in a debate that will profoundly affect our future, for good or ill, well into the twenty-first century. This book is an important contribution to the history of encryption. It is an even more important contribution to those who are struggling to shape that history," Stewart Baker, Steptoe & Johnson (formerly General
Counsel to the National Security Agency) added.
"An authoritative source of political writings by the major players in the crypto revolution," according to Philip
Zimmermann, Creator of PGP.
Presented by: Shanti RTV (c) 23 Feb 1996.
---------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1996-03-29 04:37:58
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Re: Why Americans feel no compulsion ... 
If a person who speaks three languages is tri-lingual
If a person who speaks two languages is bi-lingual
What do you call a person who only speaks one language?
---------------------answer follows:
An American.

@_date: 1996-06-06 21:01:47
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Phill in Zychik Chronicle 
Zychik Chronicle is a free  electonic publication, it's recommended
by my Libritarian/Chryto-Anarchal Capiltalist friends.
---fowarded message
---------------World Trade & Liberty:
(CyberWire Dispatch June 3rd, brock for a free subscription) Brook Meeks the author of CyberWire calls it a "virtual nuke hurled into
the arcane subculture of encryption technology." So let's go back to the
days before the virtual nuke. The father of encryption technology for most of us layman is Phil
Zimmerman, the author of PGP. Essentially, Phil's PGP (Pretty Good
Privacy) allows you to use encryption technology that the government would
have to spend too much time and too much money to bust every message you
sent. Phil's profit on PGP was zero. He offered it for free. The
government, always willing to let no good deed go unpunished, spent the
last 4 years threatening to put Phil in jail for exporting sensitive
technology. Phil didn't export a thing.  Someone - not Phil - loaded PGP
on the net, and lo and behold, the net being a global village, PGP toured
the village. After harassing Phil for four years, the gov't dropped its
case - in large part due to the financial and legal support Phil got from
those evil perverts called Netizens, Net Surfers, Hackers, Cypherpunks,
Electronic Freedom Foundation, Libertarians and other various forms of
traitorous electronic scum. I know his defense fund got a check from me
and my wife. Anyway, the government started feeling threatened by hordes of Pagans who
don't worship at the alter called Congress. So it offered us peanut-brains
the Clipper chip. Oops, make that KKKlipper chip. The idea behind the
KKKlipp-your-liberties-chip was that you could have all the privacy you
wanted by using the gov't chip, as long as the gov't had the "key" to
unlock your code. Duh, I don't know why all of us peanut brains didn't
line up to get that chip? What's the matter with Americans? Don't they
know a good deal when they see one. So, just to get even with us peanut-brains,
then-I'm-going-to-spy-on-your-motherboard-Clinton set up rules which
basically made it impossible for the US to compete in the "robust
encryption technologies [field], at a possible loss of $60 billion for US
Well, for some strange reason one of us peanut-brained Pagans, one of us
low life Hackers, one of us Netizen pond scum smelled buckies. His name is
Jim Bizdos. He's president of RSA. What RSA did was to hook up with some
of those funny speaking, slant-eyed, yellow people called Japanese
scuzzballs. Yup, Jim & the Japs came out with a "monster chipset capable
of scrambling voice and data real time with a 'key length' of up to 1024
bits." The operative term here is key length. The longer the key, the better the
encryption. US law says US companies can't export a key length greater
than 40 bits. Now here's the catch: Jim-unAmerican-greedy-guy and them
Thieving-low-down-Japs ain't exporting nutin'. They made the stuff in
Yellow- Peril Country. You know, Japan! Gosh, my fingers shook as wrote
that Jap word. Besides being attacked by the Japs, look out for the Limeys (Brits) and
the Frogs (The French). Dem folx is also developing encryption technology
that will put a child molester in every American home, a Republican in
every American trash can and a Democrat in every US toilet. Phil Zimmerman was the pioneer, but as Brock Meeks says, PGP is "tough to
use." The RSA chip set works in real time! It scrambles voice *and* data. 15 low-down-degenerate-self-indulgent-uncaring-countries "have already
placed orders for these chips." Japanese law forbids building chips that
have what's called "an escrow function." An escrow function means the
gov't gets a key to your code.
In other words those damned Japs are attacking us again by making it a
legal requirement that your privacy and mine be protected. Damn, we should
have bombed on the whole country when we had the chance. Hey, tell you
what, after the FBI blows Justus to hell and back, let's send the Federal
Bloodletters and Incinerator-crew after the Yellow People. Yup, we don't no world trade. It's a threat to our pure KKKulture. World
trade is also a threat to jobs. If the Gestapo can't listen in on your
phone calls and decode your e-mail what are all those poor little FBI,
BATF, sheriffs, and local cops going to do? Comment: We're entering a period of world trade in which any government
that limits the liberties of its citizens will be punished in the market
place by competing governments. The fun has just begun.
Joe Zychik
Editor, The Zychik Chronicle
Posted daily Mon-Fri after 3 pm PST at
To receive the ZC, free, contact:

@_date: 1996-07-02 21:16:59
@_author: Syed Yusuf 
@_subject: Re: fbi botches intel "ecspionage" case 
Their main concern when they contacted me about me message to 'Blacknet'
is that 'InterNational Terrorists(tm)' would use it to sneak US industry
secrects out of the country.
Thought for the Day:
  No matter what pious reason created the entity, Every Entity's primary
and over-ruling goal is self-preservation; and no where is this more true
than in Gov't, the IRS, and the FBI
