
@_date: 1994-06-27 21:19:25
@_author: Bohdan Tashchuk 
@_subject: "military" one-time-pad generation 
While we're on the topic of random numbers, etc., this is what I was told
a long time ago about military OTPs. I don't know if this OTP generation
was by NSA or by one of the military forces itself. And, as this information
is at least 10 years old, who knows if this is how it's still done. And maybe
it was disinformation, and never done this way.
Anyway, there was supposedly a heavily shielded room which had equipment
that used radioactive decay to generate random numbers. Apparently it was
pretty automated and the thing basically spit out pairs of paper OTP pads
that were already prewrapped in tamperproof packaging.
To me, this makes more sense than Clancy's "atmospheric noise" hypothesis.
But then, Clancy was generating entire CD's worth of bits, which would
certainly need orders of magnitude more bits than actual paper pads.

@_date: 1994-07-02 18:55:19
@_author: Bohdan Tashchuk 
@_subject: too bad Bush didn't propose Clipper 
This is a very obvious observation, but bear with me. I haven't seen
anyone enunciate it, but maybe I haven't been paying close attention.
If Republican ex-CIA director George Bush had publicly proposed the
Cripple system developed during his administration, then the whole
concept would have been "dead on arrival". In fact, the quite-similar
FBI telephony proposals were originally floated on his watch, and went
absolutely nowhere in Congress.
Can anyone imagine the Democrats accepting something like this while a
Republican President was in power? Can anyone imagine any left-wing
special interest groups not immediately and loudly foaming at the mouth
about this?
But both of these groups accept Slick Willie as "one of their own",
and Cripple is being seriously debated in Congress. Too bad George
didn't win the election.

@_date: 1994-07-04 21:39:46
@_author: Bohdan Tashchuk 
@_subject: Re: Pass Phrases 
We Americans have had many years of being forced to remember relatively
high-entropy things. Roughly 23 or 33 bits. I refer, of course, to phone
numbers. I, for one, have no problem remembering a few dozen of these,
in various area codes, even though I don't dial some of them for years.
Our neural cortexes have been "conditioned" to remember 7 digit (or 10 digit)
numbers. Much more easily than, say, 8 or 9 digit numbers.
So I claim that a simple way to get an easy 33 bits of entropy into your pass
phrase would be to generate a "random" 10 digit number, but then remember it
as an area code + phone number. You would, of course, combine this number
with some other sources of entropy, such as words or phrases.
If you really wanted to, you could forget the words or phrases and just
remember four numbers of this sort. You would have your magical 128+ bits
of entropy a lot more easily than remembering 40 random decimal digits.
