
@_date: 1995-11-02 11:18:36
@_author: david d `zoo' zuhn 
@_subject: D.C. (and other?) C'punx at C.S.I. show? 
I'm going to be in D.C. for the CSI show next week (Nov 5-8), and would be
interested in getting together (dinner, beer, whatever) with other folks
interested in cypherpunkish things.  If a number of you respond, I'll try
to coordinate some sort of group event if at all possible.
Send me mail, give me a call, or stop by booth 111.
david d `zoo' zuhn  --  secure computing corporation  --  zuhn

@_date: 1995-11-28 06:39:36
@_author: david d `zoo' zuhn 
@_subject: Re: The future will be easy to use 
I would posit that any "Cypherpunks" group arranged to "write the software
for privacy" would rapidly get bogged down in the sorts of problems that
Raph mentioned, as well as a host of others.  The inter-person politics of
the free software groups on the Internet are amazing (and something I like
to avoid these days).
On the technical side, what piece of software do we need for privacy? Well, anonymizing WWW re-servers.  Better interfaces to secure mail. Better interfaces to the anonymous remailers.  Remailer-as-delivery (e.g,
mailing a delivery ticket which the recipient would have to use in order
to get the message from the remailer).  IPsec.  Reputation & certification
systems.  Inter-site encryption.  The list goes on (and on).
And then what platform do you aim for?  I see the value of the cypherpunks list as a meeting point for a wide
variety of folks, each of whom is likely to go off to do work in their own
area, with new perspective on the values of privacy.
The value of the list as a conjunction of pro-privacy folks is much
greater than it's value as a list where implementation of some application
can be coordinated.   If nothing else, the amount of work to be done is
greater than that doable even if every member of the list sat down to
write code full-time.
Not that we couldn't get amazing things done, but...
ObSpoilsporting over.  Go for it, and best of luck to you.

@_date: 1995-12-02 14:59:30
@_author: david d `zoo' zuhn 
@_subject: Re: nsa and netscape 
This isn't all that surprising.  The NSA likes Fortezza, and Netscape has
announced that they will be supporting Fortezza based authentication. This was first made public in the SSL v3 draft circulated many months ago.
FORTEZZA support is virtually required for any sort of new network
authentication within the US DoD.  The DoD pie is rather large, and I don't blame Netscape for trying to get
a piece of it.  One can support FORTEZZA without giving in to GAK for
non-FORTEZZA users.
