
@_date: 1996-03-17 01:58:01
@_author: Media Distribution 
@_subject: Web Page Links 
What is your main home page address?  I found you at
 at netcom5.netcom.com
We would like to speak to you about providing a link to your web page from
our Media Distribution web page and possibly a link back to our web page as
well.  The products we are currently promoting cover topics found on your web
page.  We are trying to get information to the public as fast as possible which
I think is a common goal you have as well.
Please visit our web page at We are going to leave this page as a text only page and will be adding another
web page (on another server) in 30 days with frames, video clips, audio clips,
images and in multiple languages.
We can be reached at INTERNET:102774.1273 at compuserve.com
or at media at injersey.com
The following is our current list of hot links we are adding to our page:
Clinton Expose Web by David Sussman
 (this address may change)
Jeremiah Films Educational and Religious Market Videos, Television Programs and
Media Bypass - "The Uncensored National News"
Conspiracy Nation - John Lawrence Fishers "Corruption in America" page
dedicated to exposing corruption in America wherever it may be found.
Zenger News Service R - maintains a global database of business and civic
entities and key personalities which support individual liberty and other
traditional American values.  ZNS distributes topical background news and
investigative reports electronically and by mail, and publishes a monthly
leadership-oriented newsletter, "Principia" .
The Death Of Vince Foster web page is a compilation of the work of Christopher
Ruddy, a journalist whose work appears in the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review. The
site contains roughly 50 articles dealing with Foster, Whitewater and the
Clinton White House which are maintained by Adam Music, Online Editor.
War Room America's only FM, rock 'n roll, kick ass, conservative, morning
show; where liberal music collides head on with conservatism and looses!
It's "Truth" at the speed of light! Jim Quinn Live On The Internet [Real Audio]
Drudge Report from Hollywood, California USA by Matt Drudge
Accuracy in Media  Accuracy in Academia
 BeachBum's Page More than you wanted to know about the scandals of the First
Bill and Hilllary Clinton, especially as relates to the death of Vince Foster.
It'll keep you awake at night!
The Other Side Conservative opinion on the net by author Mark E. Howerter
The Rancho Runnamukka This webpage for PIXELODEON, owned by Michael & Claire
Rivero, covers not only their work in music and film, but their interests in
archaeology and politics as well.
Dave Feustel's Web Page This web page deals with the question "Just How Corrupt
IS our federal Government?".
Extremist Home Page Do YOU qualify as an Extremist?  The Politically Correct,
modern definition is a person who exhibits one or more of the following
qualities: *Has an explicit philosophical base.  *Has a concise, inflexible
moral code.  *Has an ethical standard which is not relative or situational.
*Believes in a Creator God.  *Believes that life, liberty and property are
sacred.  *Is willing to stand up for these principles and beliefs.  -  The
purpose of this page is to provide some pointers to extremists who want to
gather their own information, directly from the sources, rather than accept some
non-extremist's interpretation of reality. The battle for the mind and spirit of
We the People rages on. The weapons that we face are Propaganda, Misinformation,
Rhetoric and Censorship.  Protect yourself. Ask questions. Question answers. Do
your own homework and come to your own conclusions. Then, act on those
conclusions! By Pete Celano.
Free Speech Newspaper A current collection by top writers and researchers of
exposes on government, corporate and institutional coverup and fraud. Exposing
serious media abuses. Free Speech Forum (HyperMail), A Web Site Newsgroup on
above topics.
Dwights World "Home of great Republicans" Americans for Conservative Action.
MEDIA DISTRIBUTION
