
@_date: 2000-11-23 23:30:45
@_author: AOL Busters 
@_subject: CDR: THIS IS HUGE! WATCH OUT AOL 
'America On Line Watch Out"
You now have the opportunity to enroll FOR FREE in a new online community that PAYS YOU TO BE A MEMBER and were not talking peanuts.
THIS IS NOT MLM or NETWORK MARKETING!!!!! How does $10,000 a month sound just for using their There is a new sheriff coming to town and their focus is to be bigger and better than AOL.
This brand new community is coming out in about 30 days.
It is a full service ISP, Internet Gateway, Search Engine/Directory, Shopping Mall, Virtual Office, and just about anything else you can think of, all rolled into one easy-to-use site.Besides your own email account, mailroom, marketing center and providing you with Internet tools that you never even dreamed
existed. You'll have access to anything AND everything that the Internet has to offer. You'll OWN it, and the revenue that is generated from EVERY feature will be paid to YOU!
What most Internet users don't realize is that from the moment that you log on
to the moment you log off,  you are generating a good deal of cash for someone else.  Even if you do not buy or fill out anything!! Your membership in this
company, will change your view of the Internet forever by enabling you to
profit from it whether you are online or not.
This company is developed by 250 professionals who ALL have Master Degrees in computer science. They spent the past 2 years in a "Think Tank" constructing this new community and what you will be introduced to will blow your mind.
A major advertising company,one of the worlds largest  has taken on the
duties of spreading the word. they will be doing this in a BIG WAY!!!! Were talking T.V., Radio, Billboards, Newspaper, and magazines. They will be blasting it EVERYWHERE which will include internationally.
Next thing to know is that this opportunity is owned by MAJOR companies such as MCI WorldCom which means to you and me that they have the financial backing to pull something like this off.
If you had a chance to be in at the beginning of America On Line and the chance to buy into the company you would have made a HUGE amount of money. Well, here is your chance to get in on the ground floor and it will cost you nothing!!!!          DO not hit reply it wont get read!
for more info send a blank e-mail to hugedeal2000 at yahoo.com with MORE INFO!! in the subject line.
It is free to join.
If you are interested in their affiliate program where you
will earn even more money, the cost is a ONE TIME fee of ONLY $25 to join.........
Or sign on for free and recruit 10 people to earn affilliate status!!
GO ENROLL NOW!!!!!!!!!!
Best regards,
Accounts Manager
this letter cannot be considered spam as long as we include: Contact information
& a Remove Link. Refer to If you were not the intended recipient of this message, please accept my apologies and delete. This message is sent in compliance of the new E-mail bill, SECTION 301, Paragraph (a) (2)(C) of S.1618.Transmissions to you by the sender of this email will be stopped promptly by sending an e-mail with REMOVE in the subject line
