
@_date: 1993-10-26 18:52:46
@_author: Russell Earl Whitaker 
@_subject: MEETING: UK Cryptoprivacy Association 
UK Cryptoprivacy Association meeting
Time:  1430
At the offices of:
   FOREST
   4th floor
   2 Grosvenor Gardens
   London   SW1W 0DH
[ FOREST is located at the corner of Grosvenor Gardens and Hobart
  Place, a couple of blocks west of Victoria Station. There is a   taxi shelter across the street from the office. Those who have   trouble finding this location can page Russell Whitaker on    081-812-2661, and stand by the payphone or cellphone for a callback. ]
The UK Cryptoprivacy Association has its roots in the U.S. cypherpunk advocacy of strong personal cryptography.  The next UKCA meeting, to be held at the offices of FOREST (see the above), will feature roundtable discussion on such issues as:
    - The recent well-publicised discovery of a larger number of U.S.         National Security Agency (NSA) electronic listening posts         than had been previously suspected;
    - Further news on the spread of freely-available public key         cryptography software in Eastern Europe, Russia, and the         Transcaucasian states;
    - The status of the various UK and Moscow PGP public key servers and         software archive sites, with input from a couple of maintainers         of these services in the UK;
    - The implications of the legal controversy surrounding the         development and distribution of PGP encryption software in the         U.S., with further discussion on the possibility of volunteer         contributions to Phil Zimmermann's legal defence fund;
    - Introduction to public key cryptography for novices
Attendees are encouraged to bring and exchange diskettes with their PGP public keys.  A few of us will bring along our MS-DOS laptops, to sign public keys on site.  In the interest of speeding things along, it is recommended that all keys signed at the meeting be submitted later, with their newly appended signatures, to the PGP Key Server at Demon Internet Services.  Send a message with the subject line "help" to pgp-public-keys at demon.co.uk, for more information.  PGP (Phil Zimmermann's "Pretty Good Privacy") public key encryption software can be obtained by ftp from, among other places, ftp.demon.co.uk in the directory /pub/pgp.  Versions include, but are not limited to, Unix, MS-DOS, Archimedes, and MacOS.  Full source code is available.
This meeting will also feature discussion on the upcoming First European Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy (ECFP '93) to be held on 20 November 1993, which will feature speakers including John Gilmore, David Chaum, and Duncan Frissell, as well as a representative of the UK's Data Protection Registry.
Russell Earl Whitaker
ECFP Ventures Ltd
Russell Earl Whitaker                   whitaker at eternity.demon.co.uk
Communications Editor                                 AMiX: RWhitaker
EXTROPY: The Journal of Transhumanist Thought
Board member, Extropy Institute (ExI)
    Co-organizer, 1st European Conference on Computers, Freedom and
    Privacy, London, 20 November 1993

@_date: 1993-10-26 18:55:51
@_author: Russell Earl Whitaker 
@_subject: CONFERENCE: The Security Services: Are They a Threat to Freedom? 
Libertarian Alliance
One Day Conference
THE SECURITY SERVICES: ARE THEY A THREAT TO FREEDOM?
(PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS CONFERENCE IS ON A SUNDAY,  AND NOT A SATURDAY AS IS OUR NORMAL PRACTICE)
Admission: 5.00 pounds UK per person.   By ticket only.
Venue: The Jubilee Room        The New Cavendish Club        44 Great Cumberland Place             (entrance in Upper Berkeley Street)
            London  W1H 8BS        (Nearest tube: Marble Arch)
10.30am - 11.00am   Arrival - Tea and Coffee will be served
                    Introduction by Simon McIlwaine,                     Conference Chairman
11.00am - 12.00pm   Brian Crozier           "The Security Services and Their Role in A Free Society"
12.00 Noon - 12.30pm  Discussion
Brian Crozier is one of Britain's leading thinkers and writers on foreign policy and defence issues.   His books include Strategy of Survival, The Rebels, A Theory of Conflict, Neo-
Colonialism, The Future of Communist Power, The Minimal State and The Struggle for the Third World.  His autobiography, Free Agent, was published this year and extracts were serialised in The Times. 12.30pm - 1.30 pm  Lunch Break
1.30pm - 2.30pm    Robin Ramsay          "Unsupervised and Uncontrolled: The Problem of Security          Services in a Free Society" 2.30pm - 3.00pm    Discussion
Robin Ramsay is editor of Lobster, Britain's premier, and highly respected journal on  parapolitics, "conspiracy" and the "secret state".   He is co-author of Smear: Wilson and the Secret State and has contributed to a wide range of publications, including Tribune, Open Eye, and The Times Higher Education Supplement.
3.00pm - 3.15pm    Tea Break
3.15pm - 4.15pm    Larry O'Hara            "Searchlight Magazine: A Case Study in Secret          State Media Manipulation" 4.15pm - 4.45pm  Discussion
Larry O'Hara is an independent researcher into fascism and the "secret state".  He is currently completing his Ph.d on "The National Front, 1986-1990" at Birckbeck College.   His articles include "Notes From the Underground: British Fascism 1974-1992" in Lobster and "British Fascism: The Persistence of Anti-Semitism" in Return.
4.45pm - 5.45pm   Brian Micklethwait         "What Should Libertarians Do About the Spies?"
5.45pm - 6.15pm  Discussion
Brian Micklethwait is Editorial Director of the Libertarian Alliance.   He appears regularly on British television and radio on behalf of the LA as well as speaking widely at universities and political meetings.   As well as his writing for the LA, he has contributed to such publications as Economic Affairs, Gay News and Ideer Om Frihet.
6.15pm  Close of Conference

@_date: 1993-10-26 18:56:02
@_author: Russell Earl Whitaker 
@_subject: CONFERENCE: European Computers, Freedom & Privacy (ECFP) 
ECFP '93:
The First European Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy
The New Cavendish Club
London, England
20th November 1993
Organised by ECFP Ventures Limited
Co-operating organisations :
  The Libertarian Alliance
  Privacy International, UK
  UK Cryptoprivacy Association
