
@_date: 1997-08-26 06:25:34
@_author: 68525898@aol.com 
@_subject: Are You A Great Lover? 
WARNING: THIS E-MAIL CONTAINS EXPLICIT DETAILS ABOUT HOW TO DRAMATICALLY IMPROVE MALE SEXUAL ENJOYMENT AND PERFORMANCE.
SINCE OUR INTENT IS NOT TO OFFEND, WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU CONTINUE TO READ ONLY IF YOU ARE SINCERELY INTERESTED IN THE FOLLOWING:
MAXIMIZING YOUR SEXUAL PLEASURE.
Dear Friend,
Are you a skilled lover? Do you sometimes wonder if your sexual partner is truly pleased with your lovemaking skills?
Do you realize that it is possible to experience a level of sexual performance and enjoyment that most men might not even believe is possible? In this E-mail, I'm going to tell you how. I'll give you an overview of the latest scientific information in the area of sexual performance and what it means to you. I'm going to make these assumptions: Who am I? My name is Robert Irwin.  I am a sexual therapist, researcher and the current Executive Director of the Sexual Performance Institute (S.P.I.). Over the past eight years, I have traveled across the United States, Canada and the Caribbean presenting S.P.I seminars, titled, SEXUAL MASTERY. These seminars present the most recent scientific data regarding male sexual performance and teach men the most effective sexual performance techniques. Night after night, I have been able to demonstrate that  apparently-ordinary men can learn how to become Sexual Superstars, given proper information, techniques and a little practice. What are the most important things you should know about male sexual performance?
1) Sexual ability is not something you inherit (and must settle for); it is a set of skills that can be developed.
2) You can accomplish things in bed that most men don't dream are possible.
In the next few minutes, I am going to make you aware of the latest clinical understanding what is truly possible for you in the area of sexual performance. This information is based upon the latest scientific research; more importantly,it has been proven true by myself and thousands of satisfied S.P.I. seminar graduates.
For just a few minutes, I'll ask you to keep an open mind and think about how this information might turbo-charge your love life! In our SEXUAL MASTERY  seminars, we refer to the men that become very proficient in the area of sexual performance as "
What is possible for you, as a "Sexual Master"? You can maintain a rock-hard erection... for as long as you desire. No matter how hot or exciting the situation (or position) you might be in, you can be in complete control of the exact moment of your climaxes. If you want, you can bring your partn
This ability can give you tremendous confidence. Imagine... never again apologizing to your partner for coming too soon! With a better understanding of how your erection and orgasm processes work, you can learn to maintain an erection...indefinitely!
Frankly, there are some muscle exercises involved in mastering this ability. But they are non-stressful exercises that can be done anywhere, in just a few minutes per day. How much more confident would you be, sexually, if you knew that you were in total control of the duration of your erections? Even more impressively, you can develop the ability to be multi-orgasmic. Although this ability is generally accepted in women, very few men have mastered the physical and mental skills necessary to be "multi-orgasmic". What does it mean to be a multi-orgasmic male? Clinically, it is the ability to have two or more orgasms, in rapid succession, without the need for an extended rest (refractory) period between orgasms. It is possible to minimize the length of your refractory periods and some Masters are capable of achieving between three and six full-ejaculatory orgasms, within several hours. Do you remember how wonderful it was, when you were younger, to be able to have multiple orgasms in a very short period of time?  Have you ever had the incredible occurrence of multiple orgasms, without losing your erection? There is no reason that you can't still experience these things.
Why should women have all the fun? Physically (or scientifically), there is no reason that you can't experience many orgasms in a very short period of time. It is simply a matter of conditioning. And, even if you are a "couch potato," you will be very capable of doing the conditioning exercises necessary to allow you to become completely multi-orgasmic. Can you imagine your partner's delight, when you are able to keep up with her...climax for climax? You can learn the many benefits of non-ejaculatory orgasms. This skill really is the "best of all worlds." Did you know it was possible to orgasm without ejaculating? As you may remember from your pre-puberty days, orgasm and ejaculation are two dif
With some concentration and practice, you can learn to keep them separate.
Why would you want to do this? Some men consider it the "next" level of sex. Men that are familiar with these amazingly pleasurable experiences describe them as more intense than the ordinary (ejaculatory) variety, plus... they have the tremendous bonus of allowing you to have many consecutive orgasms with no (zero) loss of erection! This sounds like something you might like to try, doesn't it? What could be better than complete control over your climaxes or the ability to have multiple orgasms in a very short period of time?
You can increase the intensity and duration of your ejaculation. Think of how much of your life is dedicated to achieving an orgasm. It is one of the most powerful pleasures available to mankind. Although, in most men, their orgasms last no more tha
With practice and patience, some Masters  have learned to extend their orgasms, from an extra 10 or 20 seconds...to almost half an hour! Can you think of a more direct way to increase your sexual pleasure? Whether you are by yourself or with a partner...the ability to extend the duration of your orgasms is one hell of a great skill! Men, through the ages, have died pursuing lesser pleasures. You can know women (and their bodies) better than they do. Most importantly, you will understand that a woman's most responsive sexual organ is her....Brain. Although this may not sound "politically correct"... woman are different than men! And, I've observed that most Masters have (or develop) an intuitive understanding of what women expect and desire. They accept that their ultimate sexual success starts with how well they understand the erogenous zone between a woman's ears. No doubt, women think about sex differently than men do. During the last eight years of my research, I have spent considerable time questioning women about sex. During my counseling sessions with couples, I was particularly interested in learning about the women's unspoken, secret fantasies, needs and wants. Women seem to find it easier to talk about such things to a professional counselor than to their partners. And, fortunately, for you, I have documented these fantasies, needs and desires. You can have the opportunity to experience the true limits of your (or her) sexual potential, by understanding what women really want and expect. This knowledge virtually guarantees that you have a willing and completely stimulated partner...someone that wants to "push that envelope" as much, or more, than you do! You can become skilled in ways to learn a woman's most personal desires. No two women have exactly the same fantasies, There are proven communication techniques to help you do this, and practicing these techniques can have a tremendous effect on your ability to sexually interest a woman. You can determine the best approach to successfully interest a particular woman in sex. More importantly, it will assure that you she is "in the mood" for the hottest, most exciting sort of sexual experimentation. If you've ever wondered why you sometimes see beautiful, sexy women with seemingly-ordinary guys, (other than immense trust funds or blackmail) this is the reason...those "ordinary" guys have learned how to know, and fulfill, these women's  most secret fan
Masters have a solid grasp (pun intended) of the basics of the female anatomy.
The purpose of our seminars is to help men become incredible lovers. But, if your goal was just to be a great lover, you could achieve that with a better knowledge of the female anatomy based upon the latest scientific sexual research). With a few diagrams, and a little practice, most any man can be confident in his ability to please most any woman. This is not rocket science! But, it is science. You can  know the difference between a clitoral or vaginal orgasm. They know which type women experience most frequently, and can determine which type she is having. Masters are very familiar with the famous G Spot...and you can be too! They have much experience with its amazing capacity to render a woman virtually powerless to her sexual passions! You can easily locate the G Spot and know how to best stimulate it. This knowledge, alone, will make you very much "In Demand" with women.
You can avoid the FIVE FUNDAMENTAL MISTAKES OF FEMALE STIMULATION. Mostfemales are capable of achieving multiple orgasms during a lovemaking session. If your woman is not experiencing this type of pleasure with you, you may be making one (or more) o
Finally... your approach to lovemaking can be based upon scientifically-sound principles, instead of luck and superstition! Avoiding these fundamental mistakes gives you the ability to easily, and consistently, bring your partner to orgasm after orgasm.
You can be an expert at the art of oral sex.  Not all Masters "love" performing oral sex, but all are extremely competent at this critical sexual skill. Almost universally, women love to receive oral gratification and they strongly appreciate a man that can bring her to intense climaxes in this way.
Masters have the ability to give their women the ultimate sexual pleasure...The Female Ejaculatory Orgasm. Women describe this type of orgasm as very different from a "normal" orgasm.  This type of orgasm feels as if it comes from an area deeper wit
Now you can give your woman the sexual "gift" that she deserves. I am sure that you are interested in giving her the very best of everything. And, sexually, there is no better gift than helping her to discover this amazing ability. Once you have shown how You will be pleasantly surprised at how often she initiates your lovemaking sessions. According to medical journals, it would appear that less than 1% of women regularly have this experience. Yet, Masters reported that they could bring their women to this Once introduced to this type of orgasm, women are generally capable of it whenever they desire. You can learn the Masters' "Perfect Sex Position," scientifically-designed to virtually guarantee that a woman can orgasm from intercourse, simultaneously with your climax. You've no doubt heard the phrase, "There is nothing new under the sun." Don't believe it! Millions of years of evolution, sexual and otherwise, and it is only in the past 20 years that science has discovered that there is a "new" and "different" sex position...designed for both partners' maximum pleasure. Although you may have accidentally stumbled onto something close to this technique, Masters know exactly how to achieve this "Perfect Position", every time, and so can you. If you learn nothing else, but this one position, your woman will thank you...forever.
You can take advantage of the "other benefits" of a supercharged love life.  I am confident that you can learn the physical skills/tricks to make you a virtual "sex machine." But, ultimately, your true satisfaction with your sex life will have to do with attitude. Masters have more than just a "technical" knowledge. Any good piano piano...it takes much more to become a piano Maestro...it takes a passion for music and a dedication to excellence. Similarly, becoming a Sex Master requires that you understand that there is more to sex than just the physical aspect. True Masters approach sex as the magical, mystical activity that it is. And, Masters understand how to use what they have learned, sexual
It amazes me.  Sex is everywhere.... television, movies, books and magazines. It is estimated that the average male has a sexual thought every 19 seconds! It's been thirty years since the sexual revolution. Computer scientists are working on developing virtual sex.  Yet, most men's real sex lives are still absolutely boring.  Worse than boring.... they are downright disappointing. I am convinced that most men do not enjoy sex.  Really!  I make my living speaking and writing about sexual performance.  I have had the opportunity to speak with thousands of men Many of these men open up to me. And very, very few of them are truly satisf
Before attending one of our seminars, many men are frustrated with their sexual abilities because they believe ... "You Either Have it Or you Don't." This is, without a doubt, the biggest misconception that unsuccessful lovers have. If you don't have it, you can develop it. Your sexual ability and satisfaction can be completely within your control. With the exception of those men that have an actual medical problem, only the proper knowledge and training is necessary to become sexually proficient. This feeling of control will ignificantly increase your satisfaction with your love life. "If sex is great, in a relationship, its only 10% important. If it isn't...its 90% important!" Masters have learned how "mind-blowing" sex can be used to make their relationships better. Although great sex does not guarantee a great relationship, it can be a wonderful start. Many of the skills necessary to becoming a sexual master are perfect for developing a more open and intimate relationship.
In the past, only personal clients or participants in S.P.I. clinics had the opportunity to  learn the secrets Mastering Sexual Performance  in such a complete and powerful way. But, I have recently finished a book, SEXUAL MASTERY FOR THE NINETIES. This book is a comprehensive summary of my eight years of research, counseling and clinical presentations. IMPORTANT:  THE INFORMATION IN THIS BOOK IS NOT THE SAME, GENERAL (AND USELESS) SEXUAL ADVICE YOU MAY BE FAMILIAR WITH.  IT IS ONE HUNDRED (100) PAGES OF THE MOST SPECIFIC,EXPLICIT AND DETAILED COMPILATION OF POWERFUL AND EFFECTIVE SEXUAL PERFORMANCE TECHNIQUES EVER PRINTED. Here is a partial list of the contents... MASTER'S SECRETS TO MAINTAINING AN EVERLASTING ORGASM
HOW TO BE A MULTI-ORGASMIC MALE
ACHIEVING THE NON-EJACULATORY ORGASM...THE NEXT LEVEL OF CONTROL AND PLEASURE
EXTENDING YOUR ORGASMS   KNOWING YOUR WOMAN'S ANATOMY...BETTER THAN SHE DOES  FEMALE ORGASMS: CLITORAL, VAGINAL?  THE MOST POWERFUL SPOT IN THE UNIVERSE: THE "G" SPOT
THE 5 FUNDAMENTAL FEMALE STIMULATION MISTAKES  MASTERFUL ORAL SEX..."A TASTE OF SEXUAL SUCCESS"
THE FEMALE EJACULATORY ORGASM
WOMEN'S DEEPEST NEEDS AND DESIRES REVEALED
COMMUNICATION TECHNIQUES FOR LEARNING ANY WOMAN'S PERSONAL FANTASY
THE PERFECT SEX POSITION
Look what is being said about this powerful book...
"My wife loves how enthusiastic I am in bed. Before I finished this book, I was starting to get anxious about sex.... I  just didn't feel in control. One night she even joked about the fact that I was no longer 22 years old
     	D.G., 31
"This information would have saved my first marriage... I guarantee you that it will help me to make this one last forever! I spent twelve years with first wife, and she practically never pushed me for sex. Since reading yo
"This is the most specific and detailed presentation of effective sexual performance techniques I have ever seen.  I am a subscriber to Mr. Irwin's newsletter, SEXUAL MASTERY NEWS. Since attending one of his clinical presentations to professionals, four
"I'll be honest, I use a lot of this stuff when I'm alone... This book has given me a ton of new ideas for how to make masturbating more intense. I can make my erections last for over an hour, sometimes. And I can make my orgasms last almost 45 seconds.
"The 'perfect sex position' really is perfect! Well, at least my batting average is perfect since starting to use it...Before, Ann never climaxed during intercourse. I thought that there was something wrong with her or me. In the past month, she has climaxed during intercourse (at least once!) every time. This is what I always thought sex was supposed to be."
"Thirty two years old and I hadn't really ever found a 'G Spot.' Now I could find it with my hands tied behind my back...and we may try that soon! Until I read your book, I was convinced that all female orgasms werebasically a clitoris thing. So did my fiancee...until now. She told me that the orgasms I've been giving her lately (using your G Spot stimulation techniques), are completely different, deeper and more satisfying."
NOW YOU HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO LEARN THE LOVEMAKING SECRETS OF THE MASTERS, COMPLETELY RISK FREE*!
Thousands of Sexual Mastery seminar participants have paid $395.00 to attend our weekend programs.  I am about to launch a national infomercial advertising campaign based upon my SEXUAL MASTERY seminars. Through this infomercial, this book will sell for $69.95. I am presently offering SEXUAL MASTERY FOR THE NINETIES at only $24.95... for internet orders received before September 8, 1997. To obtain your own personal edition of  SEXUAL MASTERY FOR THE NINETIES, send a Check or Money Order for $28.95 ($24.95+$4.00 S/H) to:
      			BOOK OFFER
      			S.P.I.
                  	                DEPT. 3015-S826
     		      	CORAOPOLIS, PENNSYLVANIA 15108
* S.P.I. Unconditional Money-Back Guarantee:  Your edition will be shipped IMMEDIATELY. "If you are not absolutely satisfied, for any reason, return the book for a complete refund. We will politely return your money, no questions asked."
Wishing you Mastery in all,
Robert Irwin
Executive Director
Sexual Performance Institute
