
@_date: 1994-04-10 18:34:37
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: fermats theorem. possible urban legend 
While ona  BBS someone brought up something about Fermat's Last THerorem being proven and that renders all crypto broken.  After trying to figure out what the hell this person was talking about I figured that he apparently believes that all encyptian schemes are based on large numbers, and since Fermats Theoremn is something like proving that youca find the solution for a^n + b^n = c^n   that all of the codes are broken.
but I am just wondering what the hell this guy is talking about?

@_date: 1994-04-20 13:05:47
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: Black Net 
cypherpunks, it just doesnt fit, but it's here.  that was one hell of a troll lefty, now we need someone to pull the hook out of Stephens mouth.
read seriously, you hath been trolled.
Blacknet are probably r0dents form the h/p/w scene who thought it would be cool to be k-rad infiltratin data-haven meisters.  IN actuallity the Blacknet idea is feesable and I wouldnt doubt if it happens in some similiar form in the future, or if it's already happening today.
predictive fiction peices now.

@_date: 1994-04-20 13:15:21
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: What the heck is this? Optical noise encryption? 
picture that is mathematically generated.  A picture such as a scanned one, or perhaps another less rigid graphic would be a better idea.  It may only be a small difference that it makes, but if your playing for keeps, well you know.
has turned into a buzzword really.  Be careful what you call chaotic, cause it could be something else just buzzed into that category.  Hmm actually a chaotic attractor would be detrimental to a PRNG, so at best maybe it's a good idea to stay away from functions that are porven to have attractors sicne your random numbers would be drawn in.  one example I can think of is the Ikeda attractor.  It's incredibly complex and you can never tell where the next iteration will pop up, BUT you always no it's inside the attractor, that is after you throw out the first few iteration while it is pulled in.
sure to ask the prof about this application.

@_date: 1994-04-20 17:03:22
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: Milgram & Authority (+Ethics) 
Dear Perry:
figuratively about the JP Barlowe declaration of war.  Such was most likely a mere attempt at a funny.  You do have a knack for nitpickiness, perhaps I should get myself a lawyer before posting in your presence, otherwise I fear your accute sense of perfection and astounding formality would overwhelm me.  Better make sure my sentences are all complete, and that I capitolize and spell properly for fear of recieving a dread Perry letter.  Take your personal piss-war with Jeff to private mail please, it seems that the majority of your posts in reply to him are filled with non-topical grammatical corrections and nitpicking of obvious oversights due merely to a sense of informality, and not the result of some evil attempt by Jeff to lead us all to our deaths or something.  seems that JPB is considered by a large force of the media as bieng one of the leaders of the fight to conserve rights in kyberspace.  This could be merely because he is a prominent member of EFF, has been published numeral times on the topic, is well-known among people as a prominent personality, and his name is easier to spell.......
three replies I saw from you were concerning mistakes in Jeff's posts that most likely because he and others maintain an informal tone in their postings.  I mean geesh are you gonna correct people from using Info Hiway, saying that this is obviouslyt a falshood and should be stamped out whenever possible...  against Jeff, since most of those posts had little topic of value to the forum, except maybe to show your dislike of his stance perhaps you should take them to private mail.  ANOTHER TOPIC:
should we all be sure to maintain a modicum or formality.  I think the atmosphere is fine myself, it seems at this time to rather informal, but not babbly.

@_date: 1994-04-21 17:49:55
@_author: Tortoise 
@_subject: BlackNet here now? 
on   etc.. are really just the lower end of the scale when it comes to ability and commitment.  Sure a REAL hack/crack/phreaker comes on once in a great while, but most of them are just kids out trying to makea name for themsleves and ragging on each other etc...
ensure privacy.  Some even write their own code for it and utilize it alot.  It pays to know about it, and when it's a real hacker you bvet they know alot about it just out of standard hacker curiosity.  Myself, I wish I knew that much, but im learning everyday.  My newest project that me and someone else on the list are working on is a simple implementation of Unix's Talk.  The y-talk that is encrypted has a hard time compiling on all the systems I have tried it so we are going to go for something simpler and more portable perhaps.  When I try to compile the YTalk app on soda, i get barfs from SunOS, and Linux.
cypher.  If anyone else out there has any good stream cyphers that are decent in security and speed please let me know.  But so far the one we have now seems to be the easiest t implement within our limited coding

@_date: 1994-04-24 09:47:36
@_author: Tortoise 
@_subject: Crypto toolkit 
or something, since the pub/mpj directory doesnt exist and when I scanned some other directories I didnt find it.  Does anyone know another pointer to this package?

@_date: 1994-02-10 13:30:22
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: T.A.Z. 
can be found at wiretap.spies.com /Library/Documents  I believe.  It's called taz.txt.  Very good reading I really enjoyed it. But then again I liked the Hitchikers Guide and base the origin of all life on it 8)

@_date: 1994-02-10 14:40:27
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: Returned mail: Host unknown (Name server: host not found) (fwd) 
Democracy Forum" and generating a "my system of govt is better than yours" cause that doesnt really accomplish much.  And besides, we all know that no govt is goo govt 8)

@_date: 1994-02-10 16:44:25
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
world operated we would be eating raw meat in a cave still.  The tools are NOT evil and should be distributed.  It's how you use them that can be bad.
lied to apparantly this was one of those times, but it's not "freedom of press" persey.
politics play a major role in cryptography, but throwinf explitives about Nazis isnt really conductive to good encrytian development.

@_date: 1994-02-17 11:00:46
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: East Europ{ean view on Clipper 
perspective of other nations etc.. Something we couldnt do without the net, cause otherwise it was filtered thru the media. Hmm, I myself find it kinda inspiring.  I mean it's just gosh darn neat.

@_date: 1994-02-18 05:51:05
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: usenet gateway 
gateway at cs.utexas.edu and it has shown no bounce back or appeared in the propernewsgroup.  Is the utexas place still operating?
Or, did I do something wrong.  Basically what I did, was hit "R" in trn in order to make a reply, then I edited the headers and added the neccesary lines to forward the mail thru the remailer. hmm, or is the utexas place slow at sending out articles?

@_date: 1994-02-23 13:45:47
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: quetion about Multi-user systems 
rather secure from outside thrats since it is unconnected from the net except for when I dial-up.  I was wondering what strategies some people use in order to make it easier to write and respond to mail.  I dont feel like writing a message at home, encrypting it and then U/Ling it to my acount and mailing it. Is there another wya to use PGP on my mail account wihtout severely reducng mysecurity? I know the Sysop can read my secring etc.. at any time and can also intercept my passkey for my secring, BUT I would still like to perhaps use a low security key from my Unix account and then have a high security key on my home system that is very safe.  The problem is, figuring out which message goes to where and all.  Could someone with extnsive knowledge of PGP use on a Unix system help me out

@_date: 1994-02-26 13:36:36
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: Proposal: Another emergency session of Cypherpunks 
downer, but basically they really pissed me off, and makes me wonder what the hell makes this nation different from the stereotypical communist nation.  ACK, makes me so mad, i mena the nerve of these poeple, oh well....what can I do to help?

@_date: 1994-02-26 15:39:41
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: VIRTUAL meeting needed 
speack, and also I dont have IRC here.  I think a virtual MOO is very important at this juncture.  It's probably the best low-cost(as in close to nil) virtual meeting you can get.  Just as long as I can get a client(not a prob) and am sufficiently prepared to figure out wht MOO it's on etc.. so I can go get accustumed. etc...

@_date: 1994-02-27 11:15:27
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: VIRTUAL meeting needed 
can do in a MOO, like some people explained with the rows and "speaking sticks" ideas.  IRC is very cheap, free, but it is also rather minimal in my opinion.
be to get the IRC client and compile it on a low quota account wiht sysops that dont like IRC at all.  I have tried it before with limited succes, and I dont plan on doing it again considering the status that the sysops have put it under here.
virtual reality feel, than IRC does.   I have been on IRC and to follow multiple threads on it, and to have a meaninglful structure to the discussion, is very difficult IMO.

@_date: 1994-03-10 00:19:31
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: The Coming Police State 
a few ideas here.  Myself bieng a rather unorganized person, I'll just present these ideas in a spontaneous order.
the control of those supporting anonimity, encryptian services etc. is something that interests me a great bit.  A system that can provide truly secure anon-remailers, because even the sysop deletes records and doesnt read them, is promising.  I myself am trying to start such a system with some of my freinds throughout the net.  Here are some ideas we are kicking around.
a rather free, or non-questioning source.  We may have one set up in the future from a fellow ex-hacker(as if you can ever be a ex-hacker) turned businessman.  A connection that would bewilling to stand up to some pressure from authorities is desirable, otherwise as soon as you cause a stir, you may just find that your feed is costing a bit too much, or that you just cant seem to get the feed working properly etc...use your paranoia here.  So really a symp[athetic source is really desirable in this case, since we most likely will be playing in the realm of the grey-legal areas.
double-blind, so that we running it cannot know the true addres of the users, only enuff to bill them if so desired.  This way no records could be seized, and noone can be forced to reveal user names etc..  It would protect both the usrs, and suppliers.  If billing is needed, then someone would need to help set up a accounting system that relies simply on anon-numbers, and such.
private space on a system would be helpful.  maybe charging for a ten meg box that is fully encrypted with the users key, that only he can acces.  Not even the system operators could read the contents.  Once agin this protects both parties.  And if somehow the telephony bill goes thru, lets pray it doesnt, than tap-proof storage would be a hot commodity for many people, but it would raise some serious legal questions for the suppliers.
various other services. I think perhaps encrypted telnets between them, or automated chaining of remailers, etc..  Perhaps a large group of such crypto-nets could have a greater impact on the surveilance, s they could provide support for one another, as well as spreading the noise around a bit more.  I also think that once they are spr4ead we could work together to allow more and more people acces to local dial-ups that allow anonimity.  Meaning perhaps with much work we could coat the globe with the ability for people to have a completely anon account, still billed if desired, from any site.  This would be a great feat IMO, as I myself find it difficult at times to find dial-ups in places I visit, and a anon dial-up would be a greeat boon.  service provider I do not need to know the name etc.. of the user, as long as I can bill him if needed.  There is no need for me to know wht he is doing, o where he is telnetting to etc.  With this in mind, I hope to be able to set-up a crypto-net, or as us romantic Sci-Fi fans call them, Data-haven 8)

@_date: 1994-03-10 07:31:08
@_author: Grand Epopt Feotus 
@_subject: D.C. meet 
EFF building from Union Station?  I want to take a trin in from Wilmington and then go to the meet from there, possibly I'll have to catcha  metro or something?

@_date: 1994-03-28 23:27:42
@_author: Foetus 
@_subject: test 
im verrry soorry to waste this message but I have reason to suspect some recent system changes have bungled my mail kinda harsh, so I'm testing this list.
