
@_date: 1992-12-13 20:43:46
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: dcnets... 
I thought I would reply here to Yanek's message about dc-nets
since it is a topic that should be of interest to the list.
I think it's great that someone is going to start experimenting
with these systems.  The sooner we start playing with this technology,
the better.
I have a few general comments about the system.  First, I like the
idea of splitting the key information management from the communication
management.  That way people can choose their level of security, all
the way up to one-time pads if they want.
However, I think there should be another system chosen for exchanging
key information initially than using PGP to send large one-time pads.
Dc-nets really eat up the bandwidth.  Yanek estimates using 125
kb per message sent!  And having to send one-time key information
around doubles the bandwidth.
Also, Eric Hughes pointed out to me in private mail once that a system
like this for key information exchange is only computationally secure.
You are basically relying on RSA and IDEA not to be broken.  As long
as you're doing that for this initial experiment, why not save yourself
a lot of trouble.  Just exchange an IDEA (or DES) seed, then cycle it
repeatedly through IDEA (or DES), taking the low order bit or few bits
as new random ones.  If two people have the same seed, they will generate
the same random bits.  And if IDEA is secure, your bits should be
secure.  If they aren't, PGP isn't secure.  PGP has code to do this.
I think it's in the IDEA.C module.  Also see strong_pseudorandom in
So, I'd suggest that the key exchange part just exchange a short key
and then a program generates the new random bits as needed for the
messaging.  Keep the key stuff separate, though, so people really can
do one-time pads if they want to eventually.
Another point is the amount of messaging people will do.  I think the
system should be enhanced to allow people to send and receive messages
to/from non-DC-net participants.  Otherwise you have 10 or 20 people
who hardly know each other.  What will they have to say to each other?
You won't get a good picture of message loads.
I don't foresee everybody in the world being hooked into interlocking
DC-nets any time soon (if ever).  But I do think there will be DC-nets
for some interested people.  They will achieve anonymity amongst
the group for messages sent beyond the group.  In other words, it will
be known that a message comes from a certain DC-net group, but it will
be impossible to tell which person in the group sent it.  Likewise,
messages could be sent to a DC-net group without it being known to whom
they are sent.
I think this capability should be added very soon to the DC-net software.
It sounds like the software may include automatic message-sending capability
and if so, something which just recognized a special message header and
took it as "Request-Remailing-To:" should be easy to add.  Likewise,
incoming messages to the Dc-net (which would be sent to some random
person in the group) should be easily forwardable to the DC-net system
from outside.  I don't have a clear picture of the user interface from
Yanek's description so I'm not sure how easy/hard these would be to do.
One other thing I'd mention: the mechanism of reserving a slot and then
sending a message is discussed at some length in the Ph.D. thesis of
Jurgen Bos.  Tim May kindly sent me an excerpt from the thesis which
included this discussion; I think it may have been part of the original
cypherpunk meeting handout.  Bos compares several message reservation
schemes and discusses which are the best.  It might be good for Yanek
to take a look at this document.
Yanek asks about sending encrypted traffic over amateur bands.  This
is definately illegal in the U.S.  The reason is that the amateur bands
can't be used for commercial purposes, so the FCC demands to be able
to know everything that is being sent to make sure this rule is being
complied with.  However, there are some commercial packet-radio systems
starting up and presumably they won't be subject to this limitation.
It may not be practical to incorporate all of these suggestions at first,
but I do think that using PGP to exchange a RNG seed would be better
than using it to exchange one-time pads.  I'm looking forward to seeing
the system in operation.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1992-12-14 10:31:00
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Remailers. 
Tim's message brings up a point I've been wanting to mention.
The prototype remailer software keeps log files of all messages
passed through it.  There are different reasons why people running
the software might wish to have these logs.  One purpose is for
debugging; the remailers don't produce much in the way of error
messages and the log files can be useful for tracking down errors.
A few weeks ago, for example, one user was having difficulty sending
messages through my remailer, and he posted here about it.  I was
able to confirm that his messages had come in and been sent out.
However, another possible reason is for the case of abusive messages.
I had one message go through that appeared to be directed towards
the sender's boss, and was rather unfriendly in tone.  The remailers
give the outgoing messages the superficial appearance of having
come from me.  This message wasn't that bad, but there's nothing
to stop someone from sending a really vicious, racially or sexually
harrassing message, and I am very concerned that I could get in
trouble for that.
What I've generally done is to delete the log files every few
days, usually after a quick perusal to see if there are any
messages which the recipient might object to.  Sometimes if I see
a message which is of an illegal format so that it didn't get sent,
(like forgetting the ":" in "Request-Remailing-To:") I'll send a
message to the sender telling him what he did wrong.
I feel that people who run remailers should set their own policies
as far as the confidentiality of the messages they forward.  Running
a remailer can be somewhat risky in the current climate and the
operators can legitimately seek whatever level of protection they
are comfortable with.  However, I think it would be good if the users
of the remailers could get some information about what the privacy
policies are.  Maybe some remailers will simply not keep logs; maybe
others will keep logs but not look at them unless a specific circumstance
arises, and so on.  Eric Hollander has been creating a list of remailers;
perhaps he could solicit this kind of information from the operators
and publish it along with the remailer addresses and keys.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1992-12-17 22:53:06
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Positive reps. 
I was thinking about the idea of positive reputations and thought I'd
mention a few thoughts while waiting to see Dean's notes.
As I understand it, a positive reputation is basically some kind of
recomendation or endorsement of a person by someone else.  It might
be fairly specific, like "so-and-so paid a debt of $50 to me within
the agreed-upon two-week period."  Or it could be more general, like
"so-and-so is, in my opinion, an honest person."
I was thinking of positive reputations that might be relevant to the
problem mentioned of anonymous posting to mailing lists and newsgroups.
As Dean mentions, we can envision a system which uses the opposite of
kill files. Instead, messages would only be displayed from people who
met certain criteria in terms of their reputation credentials.
What would I want to see in the way of such credentials that would help
me decide whether I wanted to read the message?  (The issue of judging
the validity of credentials is discussed below.)  Maybe recommendations
in favor of the poster's intelligence, knowledge, judgment, temperance
(i.e. reluctance to flame), etc. would be useful.  Imagine a system in
which a person was rated from 1 to 10 in each of these categories.  A person's
positive reputation would consist of (digitally) signed statements from
various "endorsers" (or "introducers"), each giving their numeric judgements
about the person in question.
With this system, I could set my ideal mail/news reader to only display
postings from people whose scores met some standards.  Maybe I would
average them; maybe I would weight the different categories according
to my own tastes.  But this would let me filter out time-wasters like
the random poster who was causing problems.
Now, this still leaves open the problem of judging the validity of
various credentials.  This problem is very similar to the problem of
accepting key signatures in PGP.  If I receive a PGP key loaded with
signatures, that doesn't mean much unless I know at least one of the
people involved (either directly, or through the net).  Only then can
I judge how valid the signatures are.
In the same way, if a new person posts on a newsgroup, and includes his
credential loaded with 10/10/10/10's, that doesn't mean anything unless
I know some of these people who are vouching for him.  In the most
extreme case, he could have created a bunch of false identities and had
them provide all the endorsements.  So an endorser unknown to me is
not useful.
It's interesting that the PGP key "web of trust" may have application
to this more general problem.  I wonder if the PEM folks will push for
a centralized "email posting quality" hierarchy in which agencies rate
each person's quality of postings and assign them an official score. :-)
This would be the analog of their solution to the key-signature problem.
That's about as far as I've gotten.  A few more general comments:
Such a system requires an infrastructure of public-key encryption and
digital signatures.  Only in that way will signed credentials be secure
enough to be meaningful.  Since so few people use these tools today,
a positive-credential system would filter out almost everyone, throwing
out the baby with the bath water.
But, remailers are springing up everywhere.  It is an idea whose time
has come, it seems.  So the problem exists today, but the solution can't
be practically applied for at least another year or two, even assuming
rapid acceptance of PGP, RIPEM, PEM, or some other cryptographic standard.
That means that there may be some political pressure against remailers
during this interval.  Perhaps we can turn this to our advantage by describing
the advantages of a credential system, and using that to further encourage
widespread use of cryptographic programs.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1992-12-19 16:52:59
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Remailers. 
Responding to Edgar Swank's message:
This could easily happen soon, as news of these remailers spreads.
There's been talk on the net about a student at an Ivy League college
who is being investigated by the FBI for allegedly posting illegal
images containing child pornagraphy.  Once people find out about
anonymous remailers, especially ours with their chaining capabilities
and encryption, they will realize that such posts can be made with
almost total safety.  Presumably this may increase the number of
people who would attempt it.
My guess is that it will not be feasible to ban remailers, since it
would be hard to draw the line between completely automated remailers,
and simple manual forwarding of a message that someone sent you, which
happens all the time and can hardly be made illegal.
I suspect that instead the approach would be to claim that remailer
operators are responsible for the material their remailers produce,
regardless of its original source.  So if child porn comes out, I
am guilty of sending child porn.  I can argue that my remailer was
automatic and that I shouldn't be held responsible for what comes out
of it, but my guess is that this argument will be rejected on the
grounds of personal responsibility, and because no one forces me to
run a remailer which sends out anything that comes in to it.
Such a policy would be a plausible extension of current Internet
policies, IMO.  RFC 822, the document which describes the format of
Internet mail message, in session 4.4.2 discusses the "Sender:" field,
and says, "Since the critical function served by the 'Sender' field
is identification of the agent responsible for sending mail and
since computer programs cannot be held accountable for their behavior,
it is strongly recommended that when a computer program generates a
message, the HUMAN who is responsible for that program be referenced
as part of the 'Sender' field mailbox specification."  [Capitalization
in the original.]  The need for a person to take responsibility for
each piece of mail that is sent would tend to lead to the policy
I mentioned.
With such a policy in place, if enforced by law, I don't think people
would run remailers in this country because of the legal risks.  There
would still be the international remailers, though.
It should be possible to chain from Pax to our remailers, getting the
best features of both.  Pax could be the first remailer in the chain,
stripping the sig.  The message could then go through our remailers,
providing non-traced security, at least if you can find someone who
does not keep logs.
Anonymous posting can be done already.  Anyone can post to most newsgroups
by sending mail to certain addresses.  One such system is at Berkeley.
Send to, e.g., sci-crypt at ucbvax.berkeley.edu to post to sci.crypt.  There
is another such system running in Austin, TX, I believe, but I don't
have the corresponding net address handy.  So this capability is already
provided by our (or anyone's) remailers.
One reason I haven't looked at stripping the .sig is due to an email
discussion I had about a month ago with Eric Hughes.  Eric strongly
felt that message bodies should be preserved as much as possible by the
remailers, in accordance with the general principle of Internet mail
forwarding.  Too much mangling is done already by mail gateways,
and adding more changes might be harmful.  Obviously, the remailers can't
avoid doing some processing of the message body, what with the "::"
pasting tokens and PGP decryption, but Eric felt that unnecessary
changes should be minimized.  I know Eric is working on some new
remailer concepts so I want to defer to him on this issue for now.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1992-12-22 09:02:47
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Remailer encryption. 
I'd like to hear more about this plan.  What kind of encryption
instructions would be used in the ARA?  Would they be public key or
secret key?
Chaum's "Mix" paper in CACM (1981?  I don't have my refs handy) had
a concept where at each step the remailer would encrypt the outgoing
non-address part of the message with a DES key found in the anonymous
address.  The user would remember all the DES keys used in the ARA
and un-apply them in reverse order to reconstruct the original message.
This would require some special software, I'd think, to remember the
DES keys and unapply them (and to construct the anonymous address).
(Actually, Chaum didn't specify DES but rather just an unspecified secret
key system.  If PGP were used for some of this then perhaps IDEA would
be a good choice.)
This system sounded pretty complicated, and it still had the problem
that by sending multiple messages to the same address a remailer could
do some simple traffic analysis and break the ARA.  E.g. it would send
5 messages to an ARA today, and discovers that it later gets 5 messages
for user X (because it happens to be the last remailer in the ARA chain).
Tomorrow, it sends 10 messages to that same ARA, and discovers 10 messages
for that same user.  The next day it sends 7 messages to the ARA, and
discovers 7 messages for that user.  Eventually it can deduce that the
user and the ARA go together.
To avoid this, Chaum calls these "one-time" ARA's and recommends that
mixes not accept messages for the same ARA more than once.  I don't
think this is a practical suggestion, though, since a one-time ARA is
not useful enough.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1992-12-22 09:03:06
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Remailers. 
One problem with the current encrypted remailers that people should
be aware of is that, since they operate unattended, they have to be
able to decrypt messages automatically.
This means that when an incoming messages arrives, the remailing software
automatically runs PGP on the incoming message to do the decryption.
But to decrypt, PGP has to be given the pass phrase for the remailer's
secret key.  The only way this can be done is to have the pass phrase,
IN THE CLEAR, in the remailing software scripts.
The scripts are (or should be) protected using the Unix file system
so that only the owner and root can read them.  But it's important to
know that root has access both to the secret key ring which holds the
remailer's key, and to the pass phrase which will activate that key.
This means that, at any time, root can find out the secret key of the
remailer, and read all messages encrypted for that remailer.
I don't think there is any way around this problem if the remailer is
going to run unattended.  The only real solution is to operate on a
machine where it doesn't matter whether root knows the key; that is,
a machine where root is the operator of the mailing list.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
My public key, signed by PRZ:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1992-12-22 21:53:28
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Signing text messages... 
My public key, for those wanting to check the sig on the message below:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Phil Karn asks about end-of-line conventions for signed text messages.
PGP uses the convention of lines terminated by carriage-return-line-feed.
On Unix systems or other systems which don't use that convention,
it attempts to change the message into this "canonical" text mode
before calculating or checking the signature.
The issue of trailing blanks is more problematical.  Some mail gateways
and some mail "user agent" software apparently take liberties with
blanks at the end of lines.  The PGP canonical text format does not
include any specification for whether lines could or could not have
blanks at the end.  If mailers will leave trailing blanks alone, then
PGP cleartext signed messages will have correct signatures.  If some
intervening mailer has added or removed trailing blanks, then the
signatures will be wrong.  Presumably something like this has happened
to my signed message on which Edgar found a bad signature.  Perhaps
Edgar could try stripping any trailing blanks from his copy of my
message and see if it then signature-checks OK.  I'll double-check
that this message is signed with no trailing blanks.  Then if you get
a bad signature, I predict that you must have trailing blanks in your
copy of the file.  I'd appreciate hearing whether this prediction is
It would be possible to change PGP's canonical text format
to specify that lines have no blanks at the end.  In that case, PGP
would, whenever it computed or checked a signature on a text file,
process the file to make sure that each line ended with a CRLF preceded
by no trailing blanks.  I think this would solve a lot of the gateway
problems.  But it would be a somewhat more "aggressive" change to what
the user is asking PGP to sign.
The design of PGP's cleartext signature was influenced by PEM, which
also uses a canonical text format for line terminators, but doesn't
deal with trailing spaces, as far as I know.
The real solution, IMO, is to fix those broken mailers that add
or remove spaces.  I don't see why this behavior has ever been put
into mail gateways.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1992-12-22 21:55:46
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Pax and .fi remailers 
Upon more thought, I don't see a really good way to use the PAX
remailer in conjunction with our remailers based on the scripts of
Eric Hughes.  The PAX remailer can only be used to send messages to
those who have "registered" with the remailer to receive an anonymous
ID there.  So, for PAX to work with our remailers we would have to
register.  For example, my remailer at hal at alumni.caltech.edu would
have to register with PAX and receive an anonymous ID, like
"anon.100 at pax.tpa.com.au".
Then, to use a two-hop remailer consisting of first PAX and then mine,
you would prepare a message as usual for my remailer:
Request-Remailing-To: dest
This is a message for two-hop anonymous remailing.
Perhaps you would encrypt this using my remailer's public key, getting:
Encrypted: PGP
You would then send this to anon.100 at pax.tpa.com.au.  (NOTE: Don't
try this - I haven't yet gotten an anonymous ID at PAX.)  PAX
would forward it to my remailer, unchanged, which would then decrypt
it and send it onward.  Oh, yes, PAX would also strip the .sig,
which is perhaps why you'd want to do this.
But for this to work, I have to publically announce that my remailer,
hal at alumni.caltech.edu, can be reached at PAX "anonymous" address
anon.100 at pax.tpa.com.au.  This seems a little strange, as the PAX
address is then no longer anonymous.  I have to tell everybody what
the address is in order for it to be useful.
So, the PAX remailer doesn't really add much anonymity, but it does
excise your .sig.  It's not clear that it's worth it just for that.
On a more positive note, the other remailer, in Finland, is much more
promising for our purposes.  It has a remailing capability similar
to ours.  You could send mail to: hal%alumni.caltech.edu at anon.penet.fi,
and it would forward the mail to hal at alumni.caltech.edu.  This is
similar functionality to a non-encrypting form of the remailers we
are operating, and so it can help confuse things.
Also, this remailer could be used in a chain of our remailers by
using an address of the proper form.  For example, mail sent to
the Rebma remailer, then to Finland, then to the Rosebud remailer, could be
done by putting, at the front of your message:
Request-Remailing-To: elee7h5%rosebud.ee.uh.edu at anon.penet.fi
Request-Remailing-To: Then a blank line, then your message itself.  Mail it to remailer at rebma.mn.org.
I haven't tried this but it should work, theoretically.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1992-12-23 08:42:59
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Pax and .fi remailer 
Yanek points out a purpose for a PAX-hidden remailer:
The problem with this, it seems to me, is that the address of this
"secret" remailer is compromised whenever it sends something out.
I could just send a "Request-Remailing-To: " message to this PAX
anon.100 address, and then look at the return address when the message
comes to me from this remailer.  So again the anonymity provided by
PAX seems to be lost.
Now, one way to avoid this would be for the secret remailer not to send
its outgoing mail directly to the requested destination, but rather
always to insert one or other remailers into the chain.  I think it was
Yanek himself (or Dr. Z?) who suggested this earlier.  This might work,
but as was pointed out, if everyone does this we'll just get into infinite
mail loops.
Still, it might be OK if a well-known public remailer were chosen,
especially one that was likely to be relativelly immune to pressure.
I noted in the discussion of the anon.penet.fi remailer the author made
the point that it was running on a machine in his house, one that he
owned and used in his independent business.  So presumably his machine
is not going to be easy to shut down.
(My remailer, OTOH, is running as part of what is basically a guest account
on a machine which is to be used just for email and a little telnet/ftp
activity.  I figure that the remailer performs an email function, speaking
broadly, so it's OK under the agreement I signed.  But I'm sure that if
the admin received some complaints I'd be kicked off.  So I can't make
any guarantees about how long it will be around.)
(This would be another piece of information that would be useful in the
remailer database being constructed by Eric Hollander - some comments
on how immune the remailer operator would be to political pressure due to
unpopular or illegal messages.)
If this well-known machine guaranteed NOT to do this remail-via-a-remailer
outgoing step, then it could be used by less politically secure remailers
to protect themselves from pressure.  In such a system, Yanek is right
that a remailer could run completely anonymously.
Perhaps someone would like to start up a remailer which runs under such
a system.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1992-11-12 13:18:01
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: No Subject 
Bcc: Blind Recipients List:;
I don't understand the desire for hardware-based random number generators.
It seems to me that a decent software RNG would be adequate for
the main uses that I have heard of for RNG's (mostly session key
Seed the RNG initially with a nice random set of characters typed in
by the user, plus timing information based on the rate of timing of
those characters.  Also use the local system clock, and possibly a
hash of some sectors of the disk or some files on /tmp.  Create a pool
of random numbers in this way.
As you use them, refill the pool, making the refilled bytes a function
of the current system clock, and whatever message you are encrypting
(or some other appropriate global state).
Use a nice strong RNG based on DES, MD5, IDEA, or some other cypher or
hash function.
I don't think anyone could break the resulting random stream without
a physical attack on your computer.  Why pay $50 to $200 for a hardware
device when you can get the same effect in software that already exist?
Both PGP and RIPEM, I think, use the above techniques for their random
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-11-15 17:37:40
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Why remailers... 
Tim mentioned that not many people on the list have expressed
interest in the remailers, and it occurs to me that maybe people
don't all share the vision of why this crypto technology is important.
I'm trying to recall how I learned about the possibilities of this
technology.  I recall reading "True Names" a few years ago.  Vinge had
his netters exchanging mail anonymously.  The hero downloaded a big
batch of messages from a BBS and tried decrypting all of them to see
which were for him.  Okay, I thought, that would be a way of disguising
which messages you were _receiving_.  Then Vinge said something like
"and using more elaborate techniques, the sender of a message could
be hidden as well."  Hold on, I thought.  That will never work.  If
they tap your line, they're going to know exactly what messages you're
sending.  Too bad.  Vinge had a clever idea going, but it's flawed.
I only learned about Chaum's crypto stuff last year.  Somebody on the
Extropians list mentioned PGP, and I'd always had a casual interest
in crypto, so I downloaded it and played with it some.  I thought it
was great and really got into it in a big way.
This got me interested in crypto in general, so I started doing some
library research.  When I found Chaum's stuff, it just blew me away.
The first article I found, I think, was his CACM paper which is an
overview of many of the things that are possible.  I started trying to
track down other papers by Chaum.  Here were all the technologies
needed to make Vinge's world work, technologies which Vinge apparently
knew about long before I did.
It seemed so obvious to me.  Here we are faced with the problems of
loss of privacy, creeping computerization, massive databases, more
centralization - and Chaum offers a completely different direction to
go in, one which puts power into the hands of individuals rather than
governments and corporations.  The computer can be used as a tool to
liberate and protect people, rather than to control them.  Unlike the
world of today, where people are more or less at the mercy of credit
agencies, large corporations, and governments, Chaum's approach balances
power between individuals and organizations.  Both kinds of groups are
protected against fraud and mistreatment by the other.
Naturally, in today's society, with power allocated so disproportionately,
such ideas are a threat to large organizations.  Balancing power would
mean a net loss of power for them.  So no institution is going to pick
up and champion Chaum's ideas.  It's going to have to be a grass-roots
activity, one in which individuals first learn of how much power they
can have, and then demand it.
Where do the remailers fit in?  They represent the "ground floor" of this
house of ideas - the ability to exchange messages privately, without
revealing our true identities.  In this way we can engage in transactions,
show credentials, and make deals, without government or corporate databases
tracking our every move as they can today.  Only by securing the ability to
communicate privately and anonymously can we take the next steps towards
a world in which we each have true ownership and control over information
about our lives.
Chaum's ACM paper is titled, provocatively, "Security Without Identification -
Transaction Systems to Make Big Brother Obsolete."  The work we are doing
here, broadly speaking, is dedicated to this goal of making Big Brother
obsolete.  It's important work.  If things work out well, we may be able
to look back and see that it was the most important work we have ever done.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-11-15 23:37:38
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Chaum's papers 
A couple of people have asked for references to Chaum's papers.
The August, 1992 issue of Scientific American was mentioned here, I think.
The ACM paper I referred to is "Security Without Identification:
Transaction Systems to Make Big Brother Obsolete", October 1985.
The "DC-Net" is described in "The Dining Cryptographers Problem:
Unconditional Sender and Recipient Untraceability", Cryptology, 1988,
volume 1, p65-75.
The "Mix-net", which is similar to the remailers we are experimenting
with, is described in "Untraceable Electronic Mail, Return Addresses,
and Digital Pseudonyms", CACM, February, 1981.
Chaum also frequently presents papers at the Crypto conferences, so
if you can get access to the proceedings of these at the library you
will usually find one or two papers by him in each volume.  However,
in recent years he has published on other topics which don't seem as
relevant to the freedom/privacy issues we are concerned with.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-11-25 09:17:58
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Remailers... 
I think the remailing idea expressed via Tim (from David?) had
some nice features.  It would be very easy to do replies to someone
whom you didn't know but from whom you'd received some anonymous mail.
As I understand it, if I send mail anonymously to David, he won't
(of course) know who sent it.  If he replies, the mail will bounce
back to the forwarder.  And the forwarder has remembered my forwarding
request so that it can send the reply back to me.  After that it
deletes the remembered forwarding request for security.
I wouldn't object to this that much on security grounds; as David
pointed out, even a full implementation of Chaum's "mix" remailer
would fall to infiltration.  Instead, I think there are some issues
involving usability.
For one thing, it sounds like this system is use-once as far as the
anonymous return address.  If David replied to me, then thought of
something he wanted to add, his second message wouldn't get through to
Another problem is, what if two people send anonymous mail to David
via the same forwarder.  Then, when he replies, how does the forwarder
know which of the two to forward the reply to?
It's also asymmetric, in that it will only work if one of the two
communicants knows the true address of the other.  A lot of the
interesting features of Tim's "crypto anarchy" only arise if
people can communicate without either one knowing the other's true
Let me mention a couple of other ideas which I've heard of for anonymous
return addresses.  One idea was posted several months ago on the
Extropians list by Eric Messick.  (Is he on this list?)  It used
a "pseudonym-based post office box".  You would send a message to
a remailing server saying, "Please save mail addressed to pseudonym
XYZ123.  I will pick it up later.  Here is the public key I will
use to authorize the pick-up, and here is some digital cash to
pay for your trouble.  Thank you."  Then you send mail anonymously
giving XYZ123 at remailer.com as your return address.  This mail
stacks up at the remailer which saves it for you.  At some later
date you send a signed message to the remailer saying, "OK, send XYZ123's
mail to me at me.com."
Eric Hughes had an idea which was somewhat like this but without
the delay aspect.  You would just set up an account with a remailer
whereby all mail to XYZ123 would be forwarded to yourself.  Then
XYZ123 at remailer.com would be your return address.  This could include
David's idea if you asked the server to delete your pseudonym after
using it once.
All of these anonymous return address proposals can be enhanced by
using a cascade or chain of remailers for your A.R.A.
Chaum's "mix" remailer would save up a batch of cryptographically
protected messages, decrypt them, rearrange their order randomly, then
send them out.  This way if the remailer itself is secure but the
network connections to it are being monitored, the correspondance
between incoming and outgoing messages is lost.  The other ARA
suggestions could also benefit from this enhancement.
Chaum's idea for an anonymous return address was a somewhat more
complicated form of the ARA I've implemented for my remailer.  My
ARA is simply a forwarding instruction, encrypted with the public
key of the remailer.  The advantage of this system is that you don't
have to "register" with the remailer(s) in advance.  It's less
convenient than the other proposals, though, and there is the danger
that the public key(s) of the remailer(s) involved would be revealed
at some time in the future, which would then reveal that that old ARA
really was you.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-11-28 10:23:07
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Misc. Items 
A few random points related to messages from the last few days.
(First, a "meta" point - whenever I post to this list, I get from
3 to about 10 messages over 2 or 3 days reporting on delivery errors.
It would be nicer if these went to someone else.  Some of the messages
include as many as 20 or 30 names of list subscribers who were apparently
included in the same "outgoing batch" as the bounced mail.)
On PGP key verification: I understand that Branko hopes to get version
2.1 of PGP out in a week or so.  One of the new features will be a
mode to display a MD5 hash of each PGP key to facilitate read-aloud
over the telephone.  This should make it easier to phone-verify PGP
keys, so we can have more _good_ sigs.
On pseudonyms and reputations: Several people have suggested that it
would be easy to conjure up dozens of fake personalities who would
then vouch for each other, giving the illusion of a well-founded and
trusted pseudonym.  This would be ideal for con men and cops.
This can be defeated by the use of the is-a-person credential, which
Chaum describes in a couple of his papers, including CACM Oct 1985.
This is a signed document given by an organization which makes you
come in and give your thumbprint.  The document is "re-blinded" a la
Chaums' proposals for electronic cash, so that there can be no linkage
between your is-a-person document and your actual thumbprint.  However,
the thumbprint makes it so you can't get more than one is-a-person
Now, when you go to apply for credit, and you say, here are signatures
from dozens of people that I've done business with in the past, and
I've paid them all off on time, the first thing the creditor is going
to ask is, who are all these people?  Are they legit?  Can you at
least show me is-a-person creds on them?  You won't be able to.  You
only have one is-a-person credential, and you can't make more.
Again, these credentials do _not_ hurt crypto anonymity.  There is no
linkage between your credential and anything else about you.
On electronic banking: The interesting thing about electronic banking
is digital cash.  The key feature of digital cash is anonymity of
payments.  There is nothing subversive about this.  Ordinary cash
has (nearly) this property.  Are you being subversive when you buy
a newspaper without paying by check or credit card?  Of course not.
The point is, we want to use digital payments so that we can transact
business over the net.  But the more things get computerized, the more
possible forms of monitoring there are, by businesses as well as gov-
ernments.  There's nothing immoral in trying to keep VISA from knowing
whom I like to do business with.  Digital cash is designed to allow
the convenience of electronic shopping, while keeping the privacy of
ordinary cash payments.  Conceptually, it's a simple idea.
Technically, what has to be done to turn an electronic banking proposal
such as Don Bellenger's into electronic cash is some way to make it
so that withdrawals can't be paired up with deposits.  You also need,
of course, to prevent cheating such as spending the same piece of cash
twice.  It's not trivial to meet these requirements.  The Chaum proposal
I described is the simplest one that I know of that achieves this.
On remailers: I haven't yet succeeded in doing a doubly-encrypted
remailer test using Bill O'Hanlon's and mine.  Once this works, I'll
post instructions on how to do this, and possibly a script or two to
make it easier.  With two encrypted anonymous remailers, you can for
the first time send anonymous messages such that no one person can
know whom you are sending to.  Bill and I would have to collude to find
out who sent a particular anonymous message.  If more such remailers
can start operating, such collusion will become that much more difficult.
On John Draper: I just wanted to say publically that the famous
"Captain Crunch" was an inspiration to me when I was in college in the
1970's.  Although I did not become a "phone phreak" or "cracker" he
represented to me the spirit of questioning authority and exploring
beyond the accepted bounds of the system.  I have followed his career
to some extent over the years and I think he has more than paid for
any sins he may have committed in his youth.  I for one am thrilled
to have the idol of my younger days on the list.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-10-10 11:04:58
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Mr. Squirrel? 
Hi, I've just joined this list.
Interesting confusion about Mr. Squirrel.  That's one of the problems
with anonymity.  How do you know you're talking to the right person?
What you should do is to use a public key.  The pseudonym is not
really the name "Secret Squirrel"; anybody can use that.  The pseudonym
is the public key.  Any message signed by that particular key is from
that particular squirrel.  Any message you encrypt in Squirrel's public
key is readable only by him.  If Squirrel changes his key, he should
sign the message so you know it's really _that_ squirrel who's changing
his key (and not some other squirrel telling people to use a new key).
A pseudonym is a public key.
P.S. Here's my key, signed by PRZ:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.01
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-10-13 08:55:18
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Mr. Squirrel 
verify pseudonyms:
But, once person A creates public key X, nobody else can sign messages
using X.  So if all messages from A are signed under X, we can know
that they are all from the same person, even if they are sent anonymously
or under a pseudonym.
You can use signatures even in a many-to-one scope.  Messages from
a particular person could be signed and the signature appended to
the message.  Then anyone who has the public key can check to see
who the message came from.  The process is a little unwieldy now
in PGP because you have to separate the signature and message into
separate files and run PGP on the signature file.  This should be
Absolutely.  The most crying need now, IMO, is to better integrate the
cryptographic tools into mail readers and senders, so that it's not
such a pain to use these things.  People should be able to give a single
command or press a button to decrypt an incoming message or encrypt an
outgoing one.  Only then will these features be used by average people.
There was a message posted on alt.security.pgp describing how to
use PGP with the Emacs mail reading program.  I'd like to see more
messages telling how to use it with other systems.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-10-13 13:37:43
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: New remailer... 
I have been experimenting with Eric's remailing software on
the Sun 4 I use at work.  This is what I've found.
First, Eric's descriptions of how all the different software
components work together have been very helpful.  The software
has gone through three revisions as Eric added new features, so
I implemented them in that order - first the basic remailer,
then adding the " and "::" support for header management.
(I had to get perl and slocal before I could get started.
Luckily my system already uses sendmail.)
Basically, I was able to put the parts together the way Eric
described and have it work.  I was able to send messages and
have them remailed.  I even did some tests bouncing mail between
my remailer and Eric's.
Then I tried adding a new feature to the remailer - automatic
message decryption using PGP.  It's not really very secure since
anyone with root privileges at my site can see my pass phrase,
but my site is pretty isolated (a 2400 baud modem is the only link
to the outside world).  For this I had to add one line to Eric's
model .maildelivery file to invoke my PGP filter, and had to write
about a five line shell script to run PGP in a useful way.  I
am still tuning this a little bit but I can send the exact scripts
out when people are ready for them.
One nice thing about this is that, with my remailer plus Eric's,
and with the decryption option, you can now send anonymous messages
for which no one person can tell that you did it.  What you would
do is to send the message first through Eric's remailer, so I
don't know where it came from, then through my remailer, but with
the message encrypted so that Eric can't tell where it's going after
it leaves me.  If more people will run remailers then we'll have
much more security.
I will now tell you how to use it, in case you want to experiment.
But remember that all messages are going across an intermittently-
polled 2400 baud modem, so don't expect fast turnaround and please
don't send a large volume of messages.  Also, please don't pass
information about this remailer beyond this list, for now.
The remailer is at hal at ghs.com.  The basic remailing operation is
as Eric has described: either put "Request-Remailing-To: " in
the header of the message, or put, as the first two lines of the
body of your message:
Request-Remailing-To: And follow these two lines with a blank line, then the message to
be forwarded.
Decryption is just a little complicated.  The thing to remember is
that you want to do more than just have me decrypt the message.  You
want me to then remail the message after decryption.  This means
that you should prepare a message with remailing instructions as
above, then encrypt the whole thing, including the "::" and
"Request-Remailing-To:" lines.  Encrypt using PGP with the public
key I show below, and use the -a flag for Ascii output.
This will create a PGP output file, typically with the extension .asc.
The first line will be:
-----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE-----
Now, you can send this message to me, but you have to do one more
thing.  You have to mark it as an encrypted message, by putting the
line "Encrypted: PGP" in the header.  If you can't put stuff into
the headers of messages, then use Eric's "::" feature and add the
following two lines, then a blank line, before "-----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE-----":
Encrypted: PGP
Don't forget the blank line after these two.
Now, this message can be sent to my remailer.  It will be decrypted
and then remailed to whomever you requested.
I know this sounds complicated, so let me break it down into steps:
  1. Create the message.
  2. Add "::" and "Request-Remailing-To: " and a blank line to the
  3. Encrypt the whole file using PGP and the public key below.
  4. Add "::" and "Encrypted: PGP" and a blank line to the top of
  	the encrypted file.
  5. Send it to hal at ghs.com.
That's not so bad, is it?
Now, if you're really adventurous, here's how to do the double-remailing
process I described above, the one which keeps any one remailer from
knowing who's talking to whom.
  1. Create the message.
  2. Add "::" and "Request-Remailing-To: " and a blank line to the
  3. Encrypt the whole file using PGP and the public key below.
  4. Add "::" and "Request-Remailing-To: hal at ghs.com", then a blank line,
  	then " then "Encrypted: PGP", then a blank line, to the top of
  	the encrypted file.
  5. Send it to hughes at soda.berkeley.edu
The only complicated step is step 4, where you put in the remailing
request to go from Eric's system to mine, and use the " line so
that the outgoing message has "Encrypted: PGP" in the header.
If you want real security, encrypt the message using your friend's
public key after step 1 and send that.  Then nobody will even know
what you're saying, let alone who you're talking to.
As promised, here's the public key for my remailer:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.01
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
P.S. Coming soon: anonymous return addresses!

@_date: 1992-10-14 08:27:57
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Game items... 
I'm trying to think in terms of things which were illegal but
which have good moral connotations today.
Crosses and other Christian symbols were supposedly outlawed
during the Roman empire (leading to the adoption of the fish
as a symbol of Christianity).  Posing as early Christians smuggling
crosses ought to make the right-wingers happy!
Abolitionists had to smuggle runaway slaves out of the South
on the so-called "underground railroad".  Perhaps cryptography
would have helped them coordinate their efforts.
Much of the support in the U.S. for freedom and privacy comes from
our revolutionary heritage.  I'm embarrassed at how little I can
recall of what things were restricted in those pre-revolutionary
days.  I recall the Stamp Act and a few other laws, and I imagine
that seditious materials were restricted.  Perhaps the game players
could be early revolutionaries trading items forbidden under British
Hal Finney - 74076.1041 at Compuserve.Com
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1992-10-24 09:02:41
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Multiple messages + entropy 
The Internet PEM (Privacy Enhanced Mail) standard uses the
concept which Dean Tribble mentioned of multiple encryption
(using each recipient's public key) of a single session key
which encrypts the message.  PGP's data structures do not
currently provide for this but could be extended pretty easily
to allow it.
On the entropy measure - I thought entropy was how many bits
of information you get per character.  Encrypted binary text
would be pretty close to 8 bits per character.  The RFC1113
Ascii encoding used by PGP reduces this to 6 bits per character
(e.g. a character set with 64 printable characters) neglecting
line separators and message beginnings and endings.  So there
should be a little less than 6 bits per character for encrypted,
Ascii-encoded messages.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-10-24 21:47:19
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: remove from mailing list 
What we _ought_ to do is to remind people that they should send
their unsubscribe notices to cyherpunks-request at toad.com, _not_
to the list address.  That way we wouldn't all have to be bothered
by reading these messages, and the list volume would be that much

@_date: 1992-10-26 09:23:21
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Registering Keys... 
This proposal to register keys was also mentioned in the July, 1992
Communications of the ACM, in an article by Ron Rivest, one of the
creators of the RSA algorithm.  He was mostly criticizing the proposed
government Digital Signature Standard, stating that he thought that
the NSA was purposely trying to get "weak" cryptography installed as
the standard.  Then he goes on to say,
"Are there technical alternatives that would satisfy all parties?
Perhaps.  It is certainly the case that the formulation of the problem
to be solved has never been made explicit for the cryptographic
community to work on.  I suspect that a solution based on 'escrowed
secret keys' might be workable, wherein each user is legally required
to depost his or her secret key with a trusted third party, such as
the user's bank.  Cryptographic hardware and software would only
operate with public keys that were certified to having their corres-
ponding secret keys appropriately escrowed.  A federal agency could
then obtain the secret key, or its use, with an appropriate warrant.
Once their secret keys were escrowed, multinational corporations could
even operate across borders with a high degree of authentication and
privacy (except perhaps from court-ordered wiretaps).  Cryptographic
hardware and software manufactured in the U.S. would not operate
abroad without public keys suitably certified as having their secret
counterparts escrowed in the U.S.  In an extension of this approach,
users can escrow their secret keys with several trusted third parties
in a 'secret-sharing' manner, so that no single third party can com-
promise the user's key.  While this approach may have its own difficulties,
it does illustrate that weak cryptography is not the only technical
approach available.  There may be much better techniques for achieving
a compromise between a number of conflicting national concerns."
At the time that I read this, I thought it was largely a rhetorical
device, making the point that if the government wants to infringe on
people's privacy, it should come out in the open and do so, rather
than skulking about.  (Like saying, "if the government _really_ wants
to stop sexual immorality it would have to put a TV camera in every
bedroom".) And of course (I thought) this kind of proposal would never
be taken seriously.  I'm shocked that Denning is now advocating it openly.
This proposal makes it illegal for people to communicate so secretly
that the government can't find out what they are saying.  It could
apply to postal mail as well as email - it would be illegal to send
a message via post which the government couldn't interpret.  If this
is really the government's purpose, then it should also require that all
private conversations be recorded, and the resulting tapes be "escrowed"
similarly in case the government needed to find out what was said,
for which it would have to get a court order.
As Tim suggested, this is probably a "trial balloon" being floated to
see what the reaction is.  Let's see that it gets shot down.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1992-10-31 09:42:14
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Why I Don't Use PGP... 
The best way to integrate PGP into other software is a tough
question.  There are so many different ways in which people read
and send mail.
A lot of people receive their mail on some other machine, often
a multi-user machine.  So, the first question is, should the mail
be crypted there, or should it be crypted on your personal machine.
The second choice is preferable from the security point of view,
but that means that you need to download at least your PGP mail
in order to decrypt it, and it means you have to compose your
mail on your home machine before encrypting, uploading, and sending.
(Phil Zimmermann had an idea for multi-user systems in which the
RSA portion of the decryption, which involves your secret key, would
be done on your personal machine, then the decrypted session key
would be uploaded to the multi-user machine and the IDEA decryption
done on the message itself.  This way you only have to upload and
download a couple hundred bytes regardless of the length of the
message.  This would require PGP to be integrated into a terminal
If you _do_ download your mail before reading it, you could get in
the habit of downloading _all_ of your mail into a big file, then
running a word processor or some more specialized program to
read the messages, one at a time, and compose replies.  Then, when
you were done, you could upload and send the replies.
If you worked in this mode, which probably few people do, you could
integrate PGP by running it on the downloaded mail file before running
your WP to read it.  I have a Perl script which runs PGP on a file,
finding the PGP messages in it, decrypting them, and replacing them
_in_the_file_ with their decrypted versions.  (Normally PGP outputs
its decrypted contents to another file, which is a little inconvenient.)
This can make PGP pretty transparent for decryption if you actually
read your mail in this way.
Another possibility is to use a WP or mail reading program which has
a "filter" mode, one which lets you pass incoming or outgoing mail
through some program, and replace the mail with the results of that
program.  I don't know which programs can do this.  A lot of Unix
programs can, like VI and EMACS, but I don't know about PC's or other
home machines.  PGP has a filter mode which is designed to be used with
WP's which can do this.  There have been a couple of messages on
alt.security.pgp which have advice on using PGP with various Unix mail
reading programs.  Mark Riordan's soon-to-be-released RIPEM program
(an alternative, incompatible, RSA public-key program) has some ideas
in its manual on how to use its filter mode with Unix mail, which mostly
apply to PGP as well.
One other point: regarding a Mac port: There have been at least a couple
of messages on alt.security.pgp over the past couple of months from
people who have successfully compiled the PGP sources under Think C
on the Mac.  However, as a Unix/PC program, it ends up using a character
window for I/O, which you type into just like you would on a PC.
This is unacceptable for Macs, so nobody has released one of these.
Still, compared to what Tim has to do, it would be an improvement.  I
think people should release their executables which work like this as
an interim crutch version until the real Mac version is available.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-04-01 13:20:30
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: REMAIL: Usage statistics 
About a month ago, I added a simple logging capability to my remailer, by
adding these lines to my maildelivery file:
Request-Remailing-To    ""      pipe R  "date >> LOG.REMAIL"
Anon-To                 ""      pipe R  "date >> LOG.REMAIL"
Encrypted               PGP     pipe R  "date >> LOG.ENCRYPTED"
Here is a summary of the information from my LOG.REMAIL file.  It shows
the dates on which a remailed message went through my remailer, with a count
of how many messages went through on that day:
   1 Tue Mar 2
   2 Wed Mar 3
   1 Thu Mar 4
   7 Fri Mar 5
   1 Wed Mar 10
   1 Sun Mar 14
   1 Mon Mar 15
   1 Tue Mar 16
   1 Wed Mar 17
   1 Thu Mar 18
   1 Sun Mar 21
   2 Mon Mar 22
  10 Tue Mar 23
  10 Wed Mar 24
   6 Thu Mar 25
   7 Fri Mar 26
   6 Sat Mar 27
   4 Sun Mar 28
   1 Mon Mar 29
   3 Wed Mar 31
   4 Thu Apr 1
These statistics may be useful in considering such approaches as batching
or rearranging messages to achieve greater anonymity.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-04-13 23:38:45
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: REMAIL: Positive Reputations Now! 
There's been a lot of talk on news.admin.policy about ways of handling
abusive or illegal anonymous posts.  One proposal is to restrict posts
from certain people, but this will fail if multiple remailers allowing
chaining become available.
I had an idea for another way of filtering anonymous posts which might
be achievable with current news software.  It would require some work by
the remailer operators, though.
We have talked here about positive reputations as a filtering method.
A positive reputation would basically be a recommendation by some respected
person that a particular poster is worth listening to.  If posts could be
marked with such recommendations, people could set up their news software
to filter out non-recommended anonymous posts.  This would be a way of
distinguishing between those who want to post anonymously just for privacy,
and those who want to harrass or abuse others.
Current news software doesn't provide for such reputations.  But there
were suggestions being made at one time for a standard way of marking
anonymous posts.  One idea was to give them a unique identifier in the
"Distribution" field of "anon".  I gather that this would require a little
modification of major news distribution sites to honor this distribution
but from what I understand the changes needed are not major.
My idea is to implement positive reputations at the source which is in the
best position to provide them: the remailer operator.  Applying the
distribution idea, posts which were from people on a "good guys list"
would be posted from the remailer with a specific distribution that
identifies them as such.  Anonymous posts from people not on the list
would get a different identification.
In order to verify that posts were really from who they claimed, they would
have to be PGP (or RIPEM or PEM) signed.  The list would actually be a list
of keys rather than a list of user ID's.
People would get on the list by asking the remailer operator, perhaps by
pointing to some of their posts which were responsible.  People would
be removed from the list at the remailer operator's discretion, presumably
when they posted objectionable messages.
The advantage of this system is that it introduces, in a limited way, the
idea of positive reputations.  It fits into the current killfile system
so that people easily offended can avoid seeing most offensive anonymous
posts.  It encourages the use of encryption software on the part of people
who want to post anonymously and get a good reputation.  And the only
difficult software requirements are in the remailing/posting software;
everybody else just runs the current SW.
Now, since I don't run a remailing/posting service, I am in the rather
embarrassing position of offering a "solution" which requires somebody
else to do the work.  I would be very willing to help with the software
requirements for recognizing incoming PGP signed messages and looking
up keys in a database.
The actual maintenance of the good posters list would take some time and
energy on the part of the operator.  But perhaps this would not be that
much more than the other activities involved.  And it would have the
advantage that it would point out a new direction for the net, towards
a system where privacy and responsibility can coexist.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-04-15 22:13:49
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: ANON: Chaining to Penet remailer 
Well, after a fair amount of experimentation I have learned who the
mysterious an10757 at anon.penet.fi is.
It's me.
Or, more specifically, it is my remailer operating at hal at alumni.caltech.edu.
If you send mail from this remailer to anon.penet.fi for posting or remailing
it is identified as comin from an10757, the same address used in the post
by "Nowhere, Man".
This address is different from the address I get if I just send to
ping at anon.penet.fi from that account.  I think the reason is that the mail
sent from the remailer is identified as comin from "nobody" instead of "hal"
in the From: field.  This causes Julf's remailing software to assign a
different anonymous ID.
I don't see any problems with this (not right away, anyway) and in fact it
seems to me to be a desirable feature.  I think we should document this for
people who want to use the Penet remailer for posting, in a more untraceable
Send mail to either:
hal at alumni.caltech.edu              (posts as an10757 at anon.penet.fi)
hfinney at shell.portal.com            (posts as an19579 at anon.penet.fi)
Have as the first lines of your message:
Request-Remailing-To: anon at anon.penet.fi
X-Anon-To: news.admin.policy
Follow this with a blank line, then your message.  Put whatever newsgroups you
like (separated by commas) after X-Anon-To.
This method of posting does not allow you to receive replies.  I have set
"nicknames" for these two accounts as "Untraceable account" which will appear
in the "From" line on the postings.  Hopefully that will offer a clue that
the normal reply mechanism doesn't work.  Maybe the nickname should say so
more explicitly?
I believe this approach would work with most of the other Cypherpunks
remailers.  The one thing for remailer operators to watch out for is
what is put in the From: line when the remailer sends it.  You want it
to be different from your regular account name or else your anonymous
ID will be used for all messages through that remailer.
Naturally, this is vulnerable to abuse.  If "Nowhere" or someone else continues
to post obscenities and flames then Julf may have to block off all of our
cypherpunks remailers, which would be unfortunate.  Until there are more
remailers I think anonymous posters need to continue to exercise some self-

@_date: 1993-04-16 09:56:19
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: ANON: Chaining suggestions 
Will Kinney suggests a form of anonymous return address in which "Request-Remailing-To" headers are nested and encrypted, then used for This is a fine idea, Will, but we're way ahead of you on this.  This approach has been used ever since we added encryption to the remailers.  Karl Barrus even wrote a script specifically for constructing anonymous addresses like this.  It's available from the Cypherpunks ftp site.  (soda.berkeley.edu, /pub/cypherpunks.  I think the file is something like "scripts.tar".)
The problem with this in practice is, first, that the return address block is rather large, especially if more than one level of nesting is used (often 10, 20 lines or more); and second, that it does not lend itself to automatic use of the "reply" function.  Instead, the replier has to cut and paste this block of text from the message he's replying to and put it in the right place in his own message.  And he has to be instructed in how to do this.  (Karl's script adds the instructions when it creates the return address.)  This is pretty complicated.
This is why Eli suggested (based on suggestions from Eric Hughes) that at least Julf's remailer be enhanced so instead of just mapping, say, an12345 to joe at foo.com, it would map to a Cypherpunks return address of the type Will is describing - a block of encrypted text.  People could then have the convenience of automatic replies to an12345 along with the security of a chained address.
I don't think the idea quite works in this form, since I don't see how messages to Julf get translated to an12345.  Presumably only messages from one specific user should get posted under this ID (the user whose address is buried in the encrypted return address to which Julf's remailer will forward replies).  Perhaps another set of commands is needed to tell the remailer what ID to use to post under.  By the time you do this much I don't think that what you have bears much resemblence to Julf's current software.
I am stymied in doing experimentation in this area by one fundamental problem.  I do not have the power to create user ID's on any systems which I use, so I can't create pseudonym accounts.  I have tried various tricks.  For example, I sent mail with a "Reply-To:" of "hal at alumni.caltech.edu (Pseudonym 12345)".  I hoped that if someone did a reply to this mail, it might come to me with that whole field in the "To" line, and I could then parse it for the pseudonym number.  That didn't work on the particular reply mailer that I used; it stripped the comment field in parentheses.
The one other idea I've had is to put something at the beginning of the How's it going, Jack?".  Then when they reply it will probably come back as "Subject: Re: (P12345) How's it going, Jack?" or something similar, and I can parse for the (Pxxxxx).  This might work pretty often but munging the Subject line is bad for news posting since a lot of news readers sort by subject line.  I could put the (Pxxxxx) at the end but it might get truncated?  Maybe not.
I wonder if anyone knowledgable in mail systems could suggest a relatively robust way of setting up outgoing headers so that return mail will (A) come back to me (hal at alumni.caltech.edu in this case) and (B) be marked in some unique way that would let me do a pseudonym mapping.  Any ideas would be appreciated.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-04-19 22:38:04
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Is 40 bits too little? 
Just to remind everyone, the clipper key is not 40 bits.
It is 80 bits.
It is not divided up into two 40-bit halves.
It is the result of xor'ing two 80-bit numbers, each of which would be held
separately.  Knowing one of the numbers would not improve your chances of
guessing the key.

@_date: 1993-04-20 08:56:46
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Another Clipper weakness 
Perry asks about the 30-bit serial number.
Actually, it appears that the unit key UK is a function of the serial
number plus the two 80-bit random numbers input by the escrow agents
when the chips are programmed.  This would prevent an easy guessing
attack as long as these random numbers S1 and S2 are unknown.
The one problem is that S1 and S2 are not changed for each chip, but are
rather kept the same in programming a batch of about 300 chips.  Then
they are supposed to be destroyed.
The potential weakness is that if someone managed to keep a copy of the S1
and S2 values which were used to program all clipper chips (only about 3000
such values for a million chips), then Perry's suggested attack could work.
This would be few enough bits that the unit key could be guessed.
Those who are asked to judge the safety of the system will presumably pay
careful attention to the measures used to insure that S1 and S2 are not
saved.  I don't know how they'll check for NSA micro-cameras in the vault
ceiling, though...

@_date: 1993-04-20 13:13:48
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Another Clipper weakness 
Here is what Denning's writeup says:
  At the beginning of a session, a trusted agent from each of the two key
  escrow agencies enters the vault.  Agent 1 enters an 80-bit value S1
  into the laptop and agent 2 enters an 80-bit value S2. These values
  serve as seeds to generate keys for a sequence of serial numbers.
  To generate the unit key for a serial number N, the 30-bit value N is
  first padded with a fixed 34-bit block to produce a 64-bit block N1.
  S1 and S2 are then used as keys to triple-encrypt N1, producing a
  64-bit block R1:
          R1 = E[D[E[N1; S1]; S2]; S1] .
  Similarly, N is padded with two other 34-bit blocks to produce N2 and
  N3, and two additional 64-bit blocks R2 and R3 are computed:            R2 = E[D[E[N2; S1]; S2]; S1]           R3 = E[D[E[N3; S1]; S2]; S1] .
  R1, R2, and R3 are then concatenated together, giving 192 bits. The
  first 80 bits are assigned to U1 and the second 80 bits to U2.  The
  rest are discarded.  The unit key U is the XOR of U1 and U2.  U1 and U2
  are the key parts that are separately escrowed with the two escrow
  agencies.
Here, the notiation E[X; Y] means to encrypt 64-bit number X using 80-bit
key Y with the Skipjack algorithm.
U1 and U2 come from concatenating R1, R2, and R3.
Each of R1, R2, and R3 is a function not only of N, the serial number,
along with the 3 fixed 34-bit blocks, but also S1 and S2, the two random
numbers entered by agents from the escrow organizations.
  All Clipper Chips are programmed inside a SCIF (secure computer
  information facility), which is essentially a vault.  The SCIF contains
  a laptop computer and equipment to program the chips.  About 300 chips
  are programmed during a single session.  The SCIF is located at
  Mikotronx.
I agree that the process seems complex.  Why should the keys
U1 and U2 be correlated with the serial number in this way?  Here is
one thought:
The most straightforward approach would be to get two random seeds,
S1 and S2, and use them to run a PRNG that produces U1 and U2, the
two key-halves, and N, the serial number.
But the problem with this is that you are depending on the security
of your PRNG to ensure that there is no correlation between N and
U1/U2.  Ordinary PRNG's might allow some correlation to exist.  This
would be weak because then just knowing the N of your chip might allow
a good organization like NSA to crunch out U1 and U2 without going
through the escrow agencies, by exploiting weaknesses in the PRNG.
Instead, they go through a roundabout process which appears to show that
the relationship between N and U1/U2 is as strong as the Skipjack
algorithm itself, in fact when run in a triple-encryption mode.
If NSA had a way, given N, to produce U1/U2, then it would appear
that they must be able to break Skipjack, in which case they wouldn't
need U1/U2.  So this key generation process can be argued not to
introduce any new vulnerability in the system.

@_date: 1993-04-20 14:26:00
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Another Clipper weakness 
Yes, sorry, I was confused about that.  N is indeed an ordinary serial
Again, I think the fact that the S1 and S2 are introduced by agents
of the escrow organizations is supposed to make the process appear more
trustworthy.  Since the escrow organizations must be trusted, it does
not add any weaknesses to have them creating the random seeds for the
Getting numbers from a true random source would be better in some ways,
but it would be hard to know whether the source was truly random and
was not subtly hacked by the NSA to reduce the randomness.  Verifying
the randomness of a black box could not be done easily on site.  With
the S1/S2 approach, theoretically an escrow agent could stop the process
at some point and issue a challenge, making S1 and S2 public and verifying
that the keys were in fact generated by the specified algorithm.  However,
there has been no discussion of such a challenge in the key-creation
Yes, this is a good point, although it depends on the specific numbers
of chips being produced and how long it takes to go through this process
for a batch of 300 chips.  I gather that the chips are actually programmed
in this vault, under control of the laptop computer which holds the
keys (and is then destroyed?  Ha!).  If they had a batch programmer
which actually did 300 chips in a tray, then several batches could be
done in a sitting.
There are probably a few hundred million phones in the U.S., but I
doubt that more than a few percent of them would be secure phones in
the next three or four years.  This might correspond to a production
level of a few hundred thousand chips per year, which would be a
couple of dozen batches per week.  This sounds doable.  Beyond this
point there would be problems, though.  Probably other manufacturers
would be involved by then.

@_date: 1993-04-23 15:36:29
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: encrypted telnet 
I missed the context because my mailbox overflowed, but Eric mentioned
Diffie-Hellman key exchange.  If the need is for a one-shot quick-n-dirty
session key exchange (as for the audio talk program John Gilmore mentioned)
an alternative is to do a quick PGP keygen, send the session key across
using the PGP key, then destroy the PGP key.
The only reason I mention this is that it can be done in a couple of minutes
with existing tools tomorrow, if you need it.  Eric is right that if you
are designing something from scratch DH is often more appropriate (although
PK's allow for authentication if you have a trusted signature, preventing
spoofing attacks).

@_date: 1993-04-26 09:24:51
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: REMAIL: Anonymous postin 
The message forwarded by Mark Ringuette was apparently posted to sci.crypt
by using a cypherpunks remailer followed by a mail-to-news gateway.  To
recap on how to do this, put
Request-Remailing-To: sci-crypt at cs.utexas.edu
then a blank line at the front of your message, and mail to one of the
remailers (Karl Barrus posts a list every month).  For more security and
in-practice untraceability, use one of Karl's scripts to set up a chained
request with encryption.  By bouncing your message around the country like
this, decrypting at each stage, you get much better security than with just
one hop.
Change "sci-crypt" in the address above to the name of the newsgroup you
want to post to, replacing the "." in the name with "-".  (No, I don't know
how you post to a newsgroup with a "-" in it.  Maybe it just works.)
I notice that the Comment field I put out on remailed message cautioning
that it is coming from an anonymous remailer did not get passed through the
mail-to-news gateway software at utexas.  This leaves little clue about
where it came from.  It does make it pretty clear that you can't reply to it
since it comes from "nobody at alumni.caltech.edu".
As an aside, I'd like to encourage people not to use hal at alumni.caltech.edu
so much and to use one of the others more.  I have one at
hfinney at shell.portal.com which I think may be more immune to political
pressure.  Unlike the alumni account, I'm paying for this one, which should
give me some clout; and also, I remember hearing that at the hackers
conference the head of Portal offered some support to the idea of anonymous
remailers, so I'm hoping that management won't be quick to shut me down when
people complain.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-04-26 09:24:52
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: CASH: Disney Dollars... 
I know we're all focused pretty closely on Clipper right now, but as
time goes on we will pay attention to other things, and one of those is
digital cash.
We've had a lot of debate here about whether it would be legal to issue
private cash.  I went to Disneyland last week, and discovered that they
are issuing their own form of cash: "Disney Dollars" (presumably a
Disney trademark).
Disney Dollars come in at least three denominations: $1.00, $5.00, and
$10.00.  They are very attractively printed notes, about the size and
shape of American dollars.  They're quite a bit more colorful but the
layout of the bills is similar to other forms of currency.
Disney Dollars can be exchanged with U.S. dollars on a one-for-one basis
at the park.  No sales tax is involved in the transaction.
I saved a $1.00 Disney Dollar, a special issue to commemorate Mickey Mouse's
65th anniversary this year.  Here is what it says:
On the face:  "Disney Dollars"   "Mickey's 65th".  In the fine print:
"May be used as legal tender only at Disneyland park, Disneyland Hotel,
Walt Disney World resort and the Disney Store (U.S.A. & Puerto Rico)."
Another block of fine print: "Disney Dollars may be spent or collected and
saved as souvenirs and are redeemable at any time before or after any
period of inactivity."  At the bottom:  "A00651375A"  "Series 1993"
"One Disney Dollar".  There is a picture of Mickey Mouse in the middle
with the word "Mickey" under it.  "Scrooge McDuck" has signed the bill
above the word "Treasurer".
On the back:  "Disney Dollars" at the top; "One Disney Dollar" at the bottom,
and a large colorful picture of Mickey in a car filling most of the middle.
"(C) The Walt Disney Company" in fine print.
If Disney can issue its own currency, maybe other people can, too.  These
are basically gift certificates.  If somebody had some goods or services
to sell, they could issue their own "dollars" which would be good for
purchasing their things, but which could also be exchanged back for U.S.
dollars if needed.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-04-29 09:28:55
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
I see several problems with this proposal.
1. It's not clear what it means to "reconsider our basic support for
PGP."  What exactly is Tim proposing?  That people stop using PGP?  That
they phase out their use of it as legal products become available?  I'd
like to see some clarification.
2. More generally, what about the issue of our advocating and supporting
other possibly infringing actions?  Which ones do we stop?  Just those
that upset Jim Bidzos?  He claims to have patents that cover many more
activities than RSA, including patents which cover the very idea of public
key encryption, and patents on Diffie-Hellman key exchange and virtually
any conceivable variation.  Should we respect all of these now?
3. David Chaum apparently has U.S. patents on many key features of digital
cash.  It looks like we would have to stop working on that, too, by this
4. What reasonable alternatives to PGP exist?  Is RSAREF really usable on
a PC?  I tried an early version and it was terribly, terribly slow.  PGP
is just barely fast enough.  A "legal" version of PGP which uses RSAREF will
presumably be considerably slower.
5. I am not as convinced as Tim that RSADSI is truly, positively, certainly
on our side.  Why is it that RSAREF has such a weak conventional encryption
algorithm (DES, with 56-bit keys)?  RIPEM has been out for many months, and
people have been asking for IDEA or triple DES all that time.  Bidzos has
supposedly said he'll give permission for improvements.  Yet as far as I
know RIPEM still only has this small key size, a key size which persistent
rumors say can be broken by government computers.  When Bidzos permits
RSAREF to run a conventional encryption algorithm with a secure key size I
will give more credence to the view that he wants people to have strong
6. How is it that one company has collected virtually all of the patents on
cryptographic technology in this country?  Jim Bidzos controls patents on
public-key encryption in general, RSA, Diffie-Hellman key exchange, ElGamal
signatures and encryption, and several others.  I can't help noticing that
it would be an extraordinarily convenient arrangement for the government
if such a company existed and were secretly working against public use of
cryptography while publically pretending to be doing all they can to bring
this technology to a reluctant market.  I still have not seen any specific
public action by Bidzos which would invalidate this possibility.  Yes, he
has engaged in this widely publicized tiff with NIST over the Digital Signature
Standard, and he's made some statements against Clipper.  But where are the
lawsuits?  Is AT&T receiving the same threatening letters that Stanton
McCandlish received when he said he was distributing PGP from his BBS?
7. Extrapolating from the widespread acceptance of PGP, which is free, to
conclude that there is a market for a commercial encryption product which
costs money is pointless.  Granted, some of us may spend a lot of time
talking about PGP and thinking about these issues, but most PGP users just
downloaded it from a BBS or the net.  There are a lot of things they'd
spend $100 on before they would buy an encryption program.
One of the things that attracted me to Cypherpunks is that they take steps
to make these tools available without worrying about upsetting the power
structure.  David Chaum may object to our implementing digital cash.
Jim Bidzos may object to our using RSA, or Diffie-Hellman, or almost
anything else having to do with cryptography.  If we're going to start
looking over our shoulder and not doing anything which powerful people
object to then we might as well pack up and go home.
Almost everything we have talked about over the last six months infringes
somebody's patents in this country.  I really don't see what role a group
like ours has if we have to tiptoe through the minefield of intellectual
property protection which permeates the field of cryptography.  Are we to
become a bunch of unpaid consultants for RSADSI, writing code which they
will then make profits on?
Phil Zimmermann has done more to put strong cryptography into the hands
of people all over the world in two years than Bidzos has managed in ten.
He has faced lawsuits by Bidzos and has undergone considerable personal
sacrifice in getting this software out.  People talk about this "feud"
as though the two are equally guilty, and ask (like Rodney King) "can't
we all just get along?"  But this is a cop-out.  To me there is clear
asymmetry in their dispute in terms of who asserts their power and who
is trying to empower individuals.
Look at what Tim is suggesting.  We abandon PGP, not because it is a bad
program; not because its author has behaved unethically; not because it
has failed in its goals; but because Jim Bidzos is throwing his weight
around and we don't want Jim to be unhappy.  If Jim were to accept that
PGP was no more threatening to his patents than RSAREF then the problem
would be solved.  I presume that Tim has decided that this won't happen,
so now he suggests Plan B, that we abandon PGP.
I have to suggest that the real obstacle to the wide deployment of strong
cryptography remains Jim Bidzos.  He has the power, by a single stroke of
a pen, to do more to encourage the spread of cryptography in this country
than any other single person (including Bill Clinton).  All he has
to do is to issue a policy statement that since PGP is freeware it falls
under the PKP policy allowing use of the patents for noncommercial use.
Presto - PGP is legal, and one of the main obstacles to its spread is
I agree with Tim that we need to look closely to see who our real enemies
are.  Perhaps Bidzos is a charming person.  I've never met him.  Certainly
the bay area Cypherpunks seem to be falling under his influence.  From my
perspective I find this cozying up to the PKP/RSADSI power structure to
be rather alarming.  I don't think it is a good direction for the group.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
hal at alumni.caltech.edu

@_date: 1993-04-29 23:12:13
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Cypherpunks + PKP = Love 
(Warning: I am EXTREMELY frustrated having waited over TWELVE HOURS for my
messages on this topic to appear; after some presumed glitch caused my
Compuserve message to get lost I re-sent it THREE HOURS ago from a DIRECT
INTERNET CONNECTED system and I still haven't seen it.)
To the suggestion that Jim Bidzos was just doing what he had to do in
sending that threatening letter to Stanton McCandlish who was giving away
It's too bad that McCandlish isn't in the Bay area.  Then he could have been
at the Cypherpunks meeting last weekend and Bidzos could have served papers
on him right then and there.  That would have saved Bidzos the cost of a
postage stamp.  Perhaps such legal actions can be a feature of future
Shocking?  What Bidzos did was the electronic equivalent of what I've just
described.  If you're willing to countenance his actions then you should be
just as willing to accept and abet crackdowns on unapproved, unauthorized
cryptography.  Just make sure you go into this with your eyes open.

@_date: 1993-04-30 09:23:11
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: PGP on soda.berkeley.edu 
The fact that PGP is available on the Cypherpunks FTP site,
soda.berkely.edu, was publicized in sci.crypt last week (among other places
and times).
Eric said that the Cypherpunks FTP site has become among the top FTP access
points in the world.
When Stanton McCandlish posted on sci.crypt that he had PGP available on his
system, he quickly received threats from Jim Bidzos demanding that he remove
It follows, doesn't it, that Jim Bidzos would be forced to apply similar
legal pressure to the Cypherpunks leadership to get them to remove PGP from
their site, a site which may be one of the leaders worldwide in distributing
Now we see Tim suggesting (in the spirit of "pancritical rationalism"?  I'm
not so sure...) that we move away from PGP, and Eric offering arguments
showing why Bidzos has to do what he is doing.
Is there a connection?  Are Tim and Eric under pressure from Bidzos to get
PGP off their site?  I don't know, but they would certainly be likely
targets for Bidzos' efforts, and so it is understandable that they may be
feeling personal discomfort.  But I'd like to hear more about the
relationship with Bidzos.

@_date: 1993-04-30 10:12:18
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
I thought Eric's analysis of RSADSI/PKP's position was interesting,
but I have to take issue with a couple of points:
This seems to assume that RSADSI needs to "license" individuals in order
to allow them to use the patent.  But I don't think this is the case.
RSADSI can simply say that individual, non-commercial use of the patents
is permitted by them.
In fact, they do say that, apparently.  As Pat Farrell reported today:
I understand that the FAQ from RSA confirms this, that non-commercial,
personal use of the patent is OK.  (Actually, I don't think this first
point, that "you have to agree that their patent is valid" is in the FAQ.
I think this was added specifically because the PGP documentation
criticizes the patent.)
So, it does not seem to me that they had to take _any_ specific action
in order to "license" individuals to use their patent non-commercially.
They simply had to say, as they already said, that such use is not
considered infringing.
Again, there is no need for them to pay lawyers to set up a host of
different "non-income" licenses.  There is no need to "filter" all such
uses through a single package.  Rather, a general blessing of non-commercial
use should be adequate.
Allow personal, non-commercial use does not mean they lose any rights to
sue companies which make money off the patent.  If a non-commercial product
(like PGP) is used in a commercial context then both Phil and Jim may
be expected to go after them.  This therefore is not at all a reason for
RSADSI to require individual licenses to be mediated through RSAREF.  Doing
that gives them no rights that they didn't already have.
Here Eric is apparently talking about commercial use.  I think our discussions
are in the context of personal, non-commercial use.  We should clearly
separate these two issues.  Where a putatively non-commercial product,
whether RIPEM or PGP, is used in a commercial situation then PKP and/or
PRZ may choose to take legal action.  But the non-commercial situation can
be dealt with without restricting users to use RSAREF.
In short, Eric has not persuaded me (at least) that RSADSI was in any
way forced to restrict non-commercial users to use the RSAREF package.
Their general policy of permitting personal, non-commercial use, and
demanding that "if you make money, we make money" are more than adequate
without RSAREF entering the picture at all.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-04-30 21:47:14
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: PGP on soda.berkely.edu 
I want to apologize to Eric and Tim for intimating that their motives in
exploring the possibility of closer ties to RSADSI were due to pressure
from that company and its officers.  I had apparently misinterpreted Eric's
statements about the popularity of the Cypherpunks FTP directories to
conclude that it was a major distribution site for PGP.  I am glad to hear
that Eric and Tim are not facing any immediate legal problems due to their
support for this software.
Turning to the issue under discussion, I do have a couple of other thoughts.
First, I don't see that the interests of RSADSI are fully aligned with
ours regarding Clipper.  Despite PKP's success in accumulating patents,
Clipper per se does not appear to infringe, being based on a new symmetric
cryptosystem.  So they don't have any direct leverage over the use of
Now, Clipper-based phones presumably need some way to exchange keys, and
here PKP's patents are likely to be relevant.  But I was under the impression
that AT&T, at least, was already producing secure telephones.  I don't
see why whatever arrangements they made for key exchange under their
previous technology would have to be changed with Clipper.
In fact, Clipper in some ways represents a major market opportunity for PKP.
To the extent that the publicity leads to increased sales of encrypting
phones, PKP may benefit from the success of the Clipper.
(The follow-on Capstone project does appear to pose a greater threat to
PKP, since it will use DSS (for key exchange???).)
Furthermore, in any future government prohibition on non-Clipper cryptography,
our greatest nightmare, it is plausible that the government would "take care"
of PKP by making sure that they get a nice piece of the pie.  I could easily
imagine a situation in which non-Clipper crypto is banned, Clipper is
widely distributed, and PKP is doing very well financially with a slice
of the profits from every sale.
Even if Jim Bidzos were personally committed to widespread, strong, public
cryptography, and opposed Clipper for fundamental philosophical reasons
(just like us), he would be faced with a conflict of interest.  As several
people have pointed out here, Bidzos has a fiduciary responsibility to
his shareholders to maximize profits for his twin companies.  If it comes
down to a choice between opposing Clipper on principle and accepting it
along with guaranteed profits, he may be forced (in the same sense in which
he is forced to send threats to Stanton McCandlish) to back Clipper.
So, even if Bidzos is personally a nice guy I think we need to remember
that his company may not be a natural ally of ours.
One final point, for now.
I like Tim's .sig and all it represents.  But frankly, it is hard for me
to square a commitment to radical change with the proposed alliance with
PKP.  Part of the trouble is that I still don't understand exactly what
our relationship with RSADSI is proposed to become.  But at a minimum it
sounds like we would avoid supporting activities which would infringe
on their patents.
That means that when we want to start working on some of those things in
Tim's .sig, we are in many cases going to have to get Jim Bidzos's
permission.  Can you imagine asking something like this:
"Dear Jim: We request permission to use the RSA algorithm for an
implementation of digital cash which we will distribute in an underground
way among BBS's all over the world, with the goal being the support of
"information markets, black markets, [and] smashing of governments"
(to quote Tim's excellent .sig).  "Please sign on the dotted line
below.  Yours truly, an anonymous Cypherpunk."
Obviously there is no way Bidzos could give such approval.  Even if he
personally were a card-carrying member of the Anarchist Party he could
not bear the legal liability that someone in his position would take if
he granted this request.
How, exactly, are we supposed to progress towards Crypto Anarchy if we
have to be sure not to step on PKP's toes?  Do we just not ask him for
permission (in which case we are in PGP's boat)?  Do we ask for permission
without revealing the full scope of the project (in which case it may be
rescinded later)?  I am not being facetious here.  I honestly don't see
how you can carry out Cypherpunk activities with a corporate sponsor.
I guess that's enough for now...
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
-----BEGIN ??? SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.2
-----END ??? SIGNATURE-----

@_date: 1993-02-03 00:03:20
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Remailer lists. 
I have been working on a document describing in some detail how to use
the Cypherpunks anonymous remailers.  It is pretty long, about 25K,
but I'll post it here in a few days.
Meanwhile, here is a list of the current remailers which I know about.
If anyone else is running a remailer based on Eric Hughes' original
design, please let me know and I'll add it to the list.
All of the following remailers accept the basic "Request-Remailing-To"
remailing request:
The following remailers also accept the "Encrypted: PGP" function.
The public keys for all of the remailers (plus the special one mentioned
below) are in the keyring file below.  They can all be used for
anonymous addresses as described in the full document.
The next remailer is a variant on the Cypherpunks remailers.  It will
work _only_ with encrypted messages, using its public key (in the keyring
file below).  But it allows a simpler syntax.  It is not necessary to
put "Encrypted: PGP" into the message header.  In addition, the "::" pasting
operator is assumed, so you can leave that off.  Also, instead of
"Request-Remailing-To:" you can say just "To:".  So messages are much
simpler in format for this remailer.  This remailer runs at:
Here is a PGP keyring file containing keys for the encryption based
remailers listed here:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.1
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-02-08 22:43:57
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Debate about anon posts 
For those interested, there has been an active debate on the Usenet
newsgroup news.admin.policy about whether anonymous posting should be
allowed on technical newsgroups.  Johan Helsingius's anonymous server at
anon.penet.fi is being widely attacked for allowing this function.  Several
questionable messages have been posted to various groups using this server
and some of these are being used as examples of why anonymous posting should
not be allowed.
There have been about 50 messages on the topic, with probably 40+ being
generally opposed to anonymous posting on the non-"personal" groups, and
only a few being in favor.
I don't really know how much influence that newsgroup has on the Usenet
anarchy but there certainly does seem to be a lot of opposition to anonymity.
Since it is an important part of our Cypherpunk ideals I think we need to
give some thought to how to "sell" the idea of anonymous mail and postings
to the net community.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-02-22 10:53:54
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Government encryption 
Loyd Blankenship asks whether PEM involves having a government agency create
key pairs.
I think this may be confusing two different issues.  PEM does not involve
having anyone else create key pairs for you.  You create your own keys and
keep the private key secret just as in any other public key system.
However, PEM requires you to get a "certificate" from an agency in order to
use the system.
The certificate-issuing agency is typically expected to be your employer or
your university, from my reading of the RFC's.  Large institutions like
these would issue certificates, which are basically similar to PGP's key
signatures, which certify that you are who you say you are.  The large
institutions themselves would have their own public keys signed by an agency
higher in some key-signing hierarchy.  Last I checked, the top of the
hierarchy was the company RSADSI; they would certify the companies and the
companies would certify the employees.  I think this part may have changed
a little in the last few drafts of the new RFC.
So, there's not really any government involvement.  There is a centralized
hierarchy for key signatures, but key generation is still an individual
activity.  Oh, yes, there may also be a charge for getting your key signed;
this charge might be borne by the company/university in some cases.  There
is also a provision to get a certificate outside this system; these
"persona" certificates wouldn't really vouch for anything but they would let
you use PEM.  I'm not sure what they will cost.
The other idea which Loyd might have been mixing up with this was Dorothy
Denning's proposal several months ago that all users of public key systems
be required to register their secret keys with some quasi-governmental
agency.  (Originally she proposed the Justice Department, then later
suggested an independent group.)  This way if the government wanted to spy
on your communications, it would have to get a court order (as it does now,
in theory, for wiretaps), and take this court order to the key-holding
agency to get them to reveal your secret keys.  Then it could read your
This proposal was subjected to a very strong attack led largely by our own
Tim May.  It soon became known as the "lead balloon" for its lack of support
and has not been heard of recently.  I don't think anyone would be terribly
surprised if some variant were to resurface, though.
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-02-22 19:25:06
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Anon address attack... 
It seems like there are several problems that arise from this "automatic"
anonymization of messages sent through the Penet remailer.
You have these security threats which involve people being tricked into
sending messages through the remailer in such a way that the recipient
knows the true email address from where the messages are coming.
(I think that is what happened here with "deadbeat", because otherwise
why would he have asked people to send their email addresses?  He wouldn't
need email addresses since he could reply to people without knowing them,
by just using a "reply" command in his mailer.)
(It's interesting that he also sent his message via one of the Cypherpunks
remailers.  Maybe he thought they worked like the Penet remailer and
he could break anonymity on those as well.)
Another problem that people have complained about is when they respond
to an anonymous posting, they get a message from Penet saying that they
now have an anonymous ID assigned.  This confuses and bothers some people.
We had some debate about this issue here several months ago (before
Penet was operating, I think).  One question is, if I send mail to
anonymous person A, does that mean or imply that I should be made
anonymous to A?  This is to some extent a matter of expectations.  Some
people argued that should be no expectation of anonymity in this case;
A is the one who wants to be anonymous, not the people who are sending
to him/her.  Others replied that since some anonymous remailers already
worked this way, there would be an expectation of anonymity, and so
the safest assumption was to anonymize all messages since people can
always override the anonymity by revealing their true addresses.
I think these attacks on Penet re-open these questions.  Evidentally
there is positive harm that can occur by automatically anonymizing
all messages which pass through a remailer.
(BTW, I certainly don't mean here to be presuming to tell Julf what
he should or should not do with Penet.  I'm just taking that as an
example.  We have discussed adding similar functionality to our Cypher-
punks remailers.
The main problem occurs when sending a message to an anonymous Penet
address.  For the other uses of the Penet remailer, for anonymous posting
and for mail to a non-anonymous address, it's more reasonable to assume
that anonymization is desired.  (Otherwise, why would they be using
the service?)  But when sending a message to an anonymous address,
it's not known whether the sender wants to be anonymized or not.
One possibility (which might not be that easy technically) would be to
assign a new anonymous ID for each such message through the Penet server.
This means that you would get a _different_ anonymous ID for each
of these messages, preventing an attacker from pairing up your "usual"
posting ID with your email address.  (Perhaps this anonymous ID
creation could be suppressed with another X- command, as proposed
earlier, but this could be the default behavior.)  It might be hard
to keep track of that many anonymous ID's, but perhaps they could be
kept active for only a limited period of time (several weeks or months)
and retired after that.
It might seem that people should just be careful about what they
send through Penet, but there are some problems with this.  What do
you do if you get a message from an5877 at anon.penet.fi asking for
advice on cryptography mailing lists?  If you reply, your questioner
can figure out who the reply is coming from, and sees your Penet
alias.  There is no way to prevent this from happening currently.
Also, I have seen proposals that anonymous ID's should be made less
recognizable, so that instead of an5877 at anon.penet.fi we would have
joe at serv.uba.edu.  In such a situation it might be tedious to
scrutinize every email address we send to (via replies, for example)
to make sure it isn't a remailer where you have an anonymous ID.
All in all, I think some changes need to be made in how anonymous
addresses are used and implemented in order to provide reasonable
amounts of security.
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-02-22 20:34:43
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Remailer to anon.penet.f 
Chael Hall points out that remailer operators who use their personal
accounts for the remailing are vulnerable to having their anon.penet.fi
pseudonyms (if any) discovered by users who request remailing to that
For those operating remailers based on the Perl scripts originally
written by Eric Hughes which I modified, I use the following maildelivery
file to prevent the attack Chael mentioned:
# field                 pattern action/ string #                               result  (quote included spaces)
Request-Remailing-To	anon.penet.fi	file	A	Bitbucket
Anon-To			anon.penet.fi	file	A	Bitbucket
Request-Remailing-To    ""      pipe A  remail.pl
Anon-To			""	pipe A  remail.pl
Encrypted               PGP     pipe A  pgpmail.pl
*                       ""      pipe ?  recurse.pl
This puts any message to anon.penet.fi into a file called Bitbucket.
My slocal.pl script does not support the slocal/maildelivery feature
which deletes a message, so this is the closest I can come.  (I suppose
another alternative would be to pipe it into "cat > /dev/null".  That
would look like:
Request-Remailing-To	anon.penet.fi	pipe	A	"cat > /dev/null"
I haven't tried this one.)
BTW, if anyone has made changes to the remailer scripts, please send
them to me.  I would like to clean up the scripts a little, add more
error checking, and submit a new version to the FTP site.
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-02-22 23:55:33
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi hacking 
Well, I think I have deduced the identity of "Deadbeat" from his posting
style.  I don't think Julf should say who he is.  This was an important
demonstration of a weakness in the security of the remailers.
The Penet remailer seems now to require a password for all messages; at
least, I wasn't able to send to an5877 at anon.penet.fi ("Deadbeat") without
using my password.  So chaining through Cypherpunks remailers to Penet would
seem not to be possible now.
Unless Eli's suggestion works - having our remailers put out a random
"From:" line (perhaps just on mail to Penet?) might cause Penet to issue a
new pseudonym for that apparent new user.  This would be kind of wasteful
from Penet's perspective - all those pseudonyms are never going to be
re-used.  But it might allow this form of chaining, without compromising the
pseudonym of the remailer operator.
(I had put my patch into the maildelivery file before Johan instituted his
password system, when I realized this weakness existed.  I forgot to mention
it here at the time.  My motivation was to protect my own Penet pseudonym.)
Another possibility would be for there to be a command to Penet to allow
users to send truly anonymous mail, mail which does not have a meaningful
"From" line (and in particular which does not have the user's Penet
pseudonym displayed as the "From" address).  We could set our remailers to
use that command for any mail sent to Penet.  Mail sent with that command
would not need a password.  This would be an alternative way for users to
deal with some of the other attacks, such as the one Deadbeat demonstrated.
P.S. - My, the list has sure been lively today.  Looks like we beat
Extropians again on volume!

@_date: 1993-02-23 09:01:58
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Beware of anon.penet.fi 
I'd like to verify that
X-Anon-Doubleblind: no
would mean that no X-Anon-Password would be needed with the message.  This
way, remailer operators who use their personal accounts for remailing could
establish a Penet anonymous ID and password for personal use, and be
confident that remailer users would not be able to send mail through Penet
that would be delivered with that anonymous ID exposed.
Also, we could patch the remailers to add the X-Anon-Doubleblind: no line to
mail which goes out to Penet, just in case the user forgets.  (I don't think
there is a need for mail through one of our remailers to be delivered to
Penet with an X-Anon-Password, since only the remailer operator knows the
correct password to use, so virtually no one would be able to use this
I am confused about the exact rules that Penet uses to decide when a
password must be given.  I get the impression that if no password has been
registered, anonymous posting and mailing to non-anonymous addresses is
forbidden, but you can still mail to anonymous addresses.  If a password has
been registered, you must give it to do any of these three things.  Is this

@_date: 1993-02-23 09:38:43
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Doubled penet messages 
I see what's causing the double messages from Deadbeat.
Penet puts an X-Anonymously-To: cypherpunks at toad.com into the header that it
sends.  (I'm not sure why it has to do this; isn't this redundant with the
"To:" header?)  The cypherpunks mailing list rebroadcaster keeps this
header.  The mailing list goes to Chael Hall's remailer.  That remailer sees
the X-Anonymously-To line in the header and thinks this message is a
remailing request.  (The other Cypherpunks remailers uses a different header
line for their remailing requests.)  That remailer then obediently sends the
mail to Cypherpunks, and so we get two messages.
Either Chael's remailer should not accept X-Anonymously-To as its remailing
request, or Penet should not put X-Anonymously-To into the outgoing message
Perhaps this would be a good time to standardize the supported set of
headers for remailing requests.

@_date: 1993-02-23 13:08:34
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi fixes 
Eric Hughes suggests:
I'd extend Eric's idea
to say that mail to a non-anonymous address (like Deadbeat's postings to
Cypherpunks) should be shown as coming from "name5877" rather than
"an5877".  Then when we gullibly sent our true email addresses to him,
our Penet anonymous ID's would not be revealed (because the "reply"
command would send to "name5877" which would prevent the double-blinding).
But, what would we do for anonymous Usenet posts (assuming those are
still allowed)?  If they are shown as coming from "an5877" as they
are now, then Deadbeat's trick would work via posting to Usenet.
("Please send your current email address for information on the latest...").
If they are shown as coming from "name5877" then users who are
accustomed to the old way of working will find themselves not being
anonymized when they thought they would be.
Deadbeat suggests:
A problem with this is that I would have to remember, for each different
anonymous communicant I send to, whether I am using my "password" ID
or my "non-password" ID.  The difference would come down to what method
was used when I initially began communicating with this person.  If
the initial contact was in response to mail they sent to my "real" email
address, then I must remember to use the "non-password" ID for all
succeeding communication, on the theory that they know my real email
address.  OTOH, if the initial contact was to my anonymous address, then
I have to remember to use my "password" ID for all following communication,
so that I don't accidentally reveal my "non-password" ID, which some people
can link to my real address.
to live in both worlds - the real world and the shadow world.  It will
be hard to keep track of which world each communication is in.
Perhaps Deadbeat's and Eric's ideas could be combined, where mail to
real email addresses would come from "name5877", and replies to such
addresses would use the "non-password" ID.  This might help people keep
track of how to reply to each message.  I still think there is a problem
with how anonymous posts should be labelled, and how replies to such
posts should be handled.

@_date: 1993-02-23 13:08:41
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: anonymous return addrs. 
2. The anonymous message includes a cryptographic "stamped
     self-addressed envelope" which contains a layered list of
     remailer addresses encrypted at each layer.  This requires
     modified behavior of remailers; they must be willing to "unwrap"
     an address-list separately from the message body, and then
     "wrap" the entire message with the destination's public key,
     in order to disguise the correspondence between input and output.
     I think this has been discussed here before.  Has anyone
     implemented it?
        I strongly suggest that this method be implemented in
     the cypherpunks remailers.  Let's call it the SASE feature.
     What do you think?
I do think this is worth trying.  The current remailers will do the
"unwrapping" but they won't "re-wrap" in the public key of the next
remailer.  This means that the incoming and outgoing messages can
be easily matched up since the non-address portion is the same.
I'll look into trying something like this.  One issue is how the
remailer finds the public key of the next one in the chain.  The
simplest way would be for it to simply try a lookup on its PGP keyring
using the outgoing email address, and if it matches, encrypt it.
You'd want a special PGP keyring for this which had only remailer keys
on it.
(Or, it might be interesting to encrypt _all_ outgoing mail (even
to destinations) if we had a key for that outgoing address.  This might
increase the utilization of PGP, although users probably would complain!)
Even if not every remailer did this, you'd still get pretty good
security if several of them did.

@_date: 1993-02-23 23:23:25
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Front lines of anon. 
It's not that simple.  "Deadbeat" reported that he discovered this problem
when he sent mail via Penet to a list member asking a question.  When that
person replied, it exposed his anonymous ID.  There was no need to put
identifying information in the message itself.  The mere fact that a
particular message is being replied to gives away the true email address
of the sender (because that is the address to which the question was
This means that if you receive mail asking an innocent question, like,
"what is the address to subscribe to cypherpunks?", you need to be aware
of whether that question came from the Penet remailer or one like it.  If
so, you need to take extra care when you respond so that your anonymous
ID is not revealed.
I don't think so.  It seems to me that the current system makes it easy
to accidentally expose your anonymous ID.  If more people start operating
pseudonym-based remailers it will be that much more difficult to keep
track of whether you want to be anonymized or not.
I think technical solutions are needed along the lines suggested by Eric
Hughes and Deadbeat.
P.S. How about Deadbeat posting a public key?  He keeps signing his
messages but I can't check them.

@_date: 1993-02-24 10:29:13
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: When's enough enough? 
Paul Ferguson asks:
There are several different advantages provided by anonymous remailers.
One of the simplest and least controversial would be to defeat traffic
analysis on ordinary email.
Two people who wish to communicate privately can use PGP or some other
encryption system to hide the content of their messages.  But the fact
that they are communicating with each other is still visible to many
people: sysops at their sites and possibly at intervening sites, as well
as various net snoopers.  It would be natural for them to desire an
additional amount of privacy which would disguise who they were communicating
with as well as what they were saying.
Anonymous remailers make this possible.  By forwarding mail between
themselves through remailers, while still identifying themselves in the
(encrypted) message contents, they have even more communications privacy
than with simple encryption.
(The Cypherpunk vision includes a world in which literally hundreds or
thousands of such remailers operate.  Mail could be bounced through
dozens of these services, mixing in with tens of thousands of other
messages, re-encrypted at each step of the way.  This should make traffic
analysis virtually impossible.  By sending periodic dummy messages which
just get swallowed up at some step, people can even disguise _when_
they are communicating.)
The more controversial vision associated with anonymous remailers is
expressed in such science fiction stories as "True Names", by Vernor
Vinge, or "Ender's Game", by Orson Scott Card.  These depict worlds in
which computer networks are in widespread use, but in which many people
choose to participate through pseudonyms.  In this way they can make
unpopular arguments or participate in frowned-upon transactions without
their activities being linked to their true identities.  It also allows
people to develop reputations based on the quality of their ideas,
rather than their job, wealth, age, or status.
The idea here is that the ultimate solution to the low signal-to-noise
ratio on the nets is not a matter of forcing people to "stand behind their
words".  People can stand behind all kinds of idiotic ideas.  Rather,
there will need to be developed better systems for filtering news and
mail, for developing "digital reputations" which can be stamped on one's
postings to pass through these smart filters, and even applying these
reputations to pseudonyms.  In such a system, the fact that someone is
posting or mailing pseudonymously is not a problem, since nuisance posters
won't be able to get through.
Other advantages of this approach include its extension to electronic
on-line transactions.  Already today many records are kept of our
financial dealings - each time we purchase an item over the phone using
a credit card, this is recorded by the credit card company.  In time,
even more of this kind of information may be collected and possibly sold.
One Cypherpunk vision includes the ability to engage in transactions
anonymously, using "digital cash", which would not be traceable to the
participants.  Particularly for buying "soft" products, like music,
video, and software (which all may be deliverable over the net eventually),
it should be possible to engage in such transactions anonymously.  So
this is another area where anonymous mail is important.
We anticipate that computer networks will play a more and more important
role in many parts of our lives.  But this increased computerization brings
tremendous dangers for infringing privacy.  Cypherpunks seek to put into
place structures which will allow people to preserve their privacy if they
choose.  No one will be forced to use pseudonyms or post anonymously.
But it should be a matter of choice how much information a person chooses
to reveal about himself when he communicates.  Right now, the nets don't
give you that much choice.  We are trying to give this power to people.
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-02-26 10:04:55
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
I want to add to John Gilmore's point about the practical difficulty of controlling anonymous postings and mailings if you are going to allow them at all.
Johan is taking a very principled position by promising not to reveal true identities behind the pseudonyms.  Instead, he offers to warn abusers, and if problems continue, to block their access to the service.
Unfortunately, as more remailer sites develop, this tactic may become ineffective.  It will be possible to chain remailers together in different ways, so that the effect is that you can post through Johan's system from many different addresses.  With multiple remailers and chaining there is no way for the final remailer in the chain to know when two messages are coming from the same person.
This will mean that it will not, in practice, be possible to block access for a given user.
We discussed this earlier in the context of anonymous email.  I had received a complaint from a young lady about receiving some offensive anonymous mail through my remailer.  (This story was resolved surprisingly, BTW: it turned out that it was a joke message sent by a good friend of hers, someone who knew one of the Cypherpunks and who knew about the remailers.  So she is no longer upset about the message at all.  But I didn't know this at the time.)  Realizing that it would not be practical to do source blocking, my suggestion was to implement destination blocking: no mail from my remailer would go to this person.
Eric Messick expanded upon this idea recently so that only people who had actually requested anonymous mail would receive it.  (A variation would be to first send a note to a person saying, "I have some anonymous mail for you; please reply within 48 hours if you'd like to receive it, otherwise it will be deleted.")  Other variations upon this approach could help to keep anonymous remailers politically acceptable.
But the idea doesn't generalize well to anonymous posting, except to do as Johan has done and forbid posting to certain newsgroups (sci.*, news.*, I'm not sure what else).  This throws out the good postings along with the bad, though.
I think the bottom line is that it will be difficult to provide anonymous/pseudonymous postings in a way which won't elicit the kinds of strong objections Johan has been facing.  His controls are OK for now, but in the long run I think they won't work.
What would happen if Johan just started ignoring the objectors?  What if he stopped reading his mail for a while and left the service operating?  Would his newsfeed eventually get cut off by Finnish authorities goaded into action by email complaints?  Are there ANY sites in the world which would be immune to such pressures?
I read that at the Hacker's Conference, the owner of Portal offered to run a remailer.  Would he be able to stand up to these pressures?  How about John Gilmore's machine?  He made a powerful argument recently that he was not subject to various restrictions.  Would it be possible to run a remailer there, perhaps based on Johan's code, which simply ignored complaints and allowed anonymous postings to all groups?
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-02-26 20:38:18
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
Ted Ts'o is right that anonymity can be used for many harmful purposes.  On the other hand, as Tim May suggests, attempts to control the flow of information can easily lead to restrictions which do more harm than what they try to prevent.
Although I assume that most people here share a commitment to the overall goals of what Tim calls "crypto anarchy", it's possible that we all have different reasons for our support.  My own angle is that these techniques enhance privacy and provide power to individuals which can counterbalance the influence and authority of large institutions.  I've been influenced in this mostly by the papers of David Chaum.  For me, crypto anarchy is a way to oppose the constantly growing databases of information about each person, a way for individuals to take control of information about their own lives.
This is why I like one particular justification for anonymous posting that I read, that people should be free to choose for themselves how much information to reveal when they post.  I worry that, although the networks are in their infancy today, there may come a time when all information ever posted to Usenet is online, accessible, and searchable in a few seconds.  The posters' email addresses may be cross-linked to their current names and addresses.  Anything you post today may come back twenty years from now to haunt you.  (Already, the archives are being kept, so all that is needed is technological improvements to put the information on-line and allow that huge volume of data to be usefully searched.)
Now, you may say, so what, 99% of what is posted on Usenet couldn't possibly interest anyone anyway, and besides, I'm not posting anything anyone would care about.  This may be true, but think about how much you reveal about yourself over a period of time if you are an active poster.  Imagine all of that information being available to every potential employer or new neighbor.  Imagine trying to run for public office!  I simply don't like the idea of everyone I meet potentially knowing my hobbies, interests, political affiliations, sexual preferences, and so These same considerations apply in many other areas of our lives.  Financial transactions can supply a lot of the same information.  So can phone records.  Perhaps someday our cars will be tracked routinely to collect information about where we go.
Uncomfortable as I may be with personal and private facts being used by marketers and employers to evaluate me, there is also the possibility of even more sinister uses.  Imagine how a dictatorship could exploit this much detailed information about the daily lives of its subjects.  Probably "that will never happen here" but the mere possibility should provide another reason to guard our privacy.
I imagine most people here agree with the thrust of these arguments, so I won't go on.  But the point is that anonymous/pseudonymous communications can provide real benefits to all members of society.  It's not just a romantic attraction to bomb-throwing revolutionaries or an elitist desire to escape the clutching hands of the greedy masses whcih drives us.  I believe that the benefits that crypto anonymity can provide to society will clearly outweigh the problems.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-02-28 20:43:20
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Censorship... 
"Censorship" is an emotional term.  My New World Dictionary defines it as the
act of censoring, and a censor as "an official with the power to examine
publications, movies, television programs, etc. and to remove or
prohibit anything considered obscene, libelous, politically objectionable,
etc."  I think this corresponds pretty closely with how we use the
word.  It suggests that a good test for whether an action is censorship
is whether the prohibition is based on the content of the message along
the lines above, where a message is controversial, obscene, etc.
(Many Libertarians would argue that no private action can be censorship,
that only government actions backed up by the threat of force can be.
They might point to the word "official" in the definition above.  I
think that the more common use of the word would include the concept
of private censorship; as, for example, in the case of a newspaper
editor who kills a story because it attacks a powerful political friend
of the editor.  He can be considered an official of the newspaper.)
Ted then gives the example of someone yelling at 4AM in the morning.
Stopping this action would not be censorship by this test.  You don't
care about the content of his speech, just the volume.
Ted also mentions libel and slander.  Stopping these would apparently be
censorship by the definition above (which explicitly mentions "libelous").
For the remailer cases, stopping usage due to excessive volume would not
be censorship.  It would be analogous to stopping someone from yelling
at 4AM.  Your restriction is not based on content.
On the other hand, stopping usage due to the content of a message would
be censorship, especially if it was due to the message content being
"obscene, libelous, politically objectionable, etc."  I think many of
the attacks on anonymous messages based on content would in fact fall
into these categories.
I am not arguing here that censorship is wrong, although certainly the
word has acquired negative connotations.  It's interesting to see that
stopping libel can be considered censorship, and this fact might cause
those who believe in laws against libel to consider whether censorship
may sometimes be good.  If they do feel comfortable with that, then they
can openly call for censorship by remailer operators without mincing words.
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-01-01 22:23:32
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Remailer .sig suppressio 
I'll just relate one story that happened to me today.  I wanted to
try an experiment in which I would use two non-cypherpunks remailers
to set up a chained anonymous address.  One is anon.penet.fi, which
doesn't do any encryption, but which will allow you to specify an
arbitrary destination address.  The other is pax.tpa.com.au, which
does PGP decryption (but you can't encrypt the remailer destination
address like you can with our remailers).
The Pax remailer lets you send them a PGP key which it saves.  Then,
any future messages to you are encrypted by the remailer using that
key.  That way message contents are always protected between Pax and
I wanted to send Pax a key via the Penet remailer so that Pax wouldn't
know who I really was.  I tried this, and got a message back from
Pax saying:
Error: you didn't include a public key for us !
So we can't assign an alias or send you our public key.
But I _had_ sent them a public key.  After some head-scratching
I figured out the answer.  My public key had started with the string:
"-----BEGIN PGP MESSAGE-----".  But the Penet remailer strips sigs, which
it considers to be any line starting with "--".  It thought my PGP key
was a signature!  It had stripped it, so that Pax received only a
blank message.
I haven't thought of a way around this problem yet.
Now, Edgar may take as the moral of the story that remailers should
have smarter sig recognition.  But I take the moral to be that munging
mail messages may cause problems when people try to use it for something
which you didn't anticipate.
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1993-01-02 21:32:49
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: New remailers... 
This is neat.  It sounds like the plan is to provide a convenient
mail filtering tool which provides remailer capability as a SIDE EFFECT!
What a great way to spread remailers!
Not to mention, the same tools can provide automatic encryption and
decryption - the long-sought integration of PGP (or RIPEM, etc.) with
mail in an easy-to-use way.
I'm really looking forward to seeing more about this idea.
Speaking of integrating encryption into email, does anybody here
have access to the announced beta-test of PEM from TIS?  It would be
interesting to see the documentation about how they've handled the
user-interface issue.  I gather that it only works with the MH package
but presumably they've had to face some of the problems we're talking
about here.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1993-01-04 23:41:21
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Remail addresses... 
This sounds like a good idea.  The user would have to have some
scripts to decrypt incoming anonymous-address messages using this
pass phrase (or some sequence of pass phrases if more than one
remailer was used for the anonymous address).
These anonymous addresses do need a distinction between the "message
address" (or "envelope") and the message body.  The anonymous address
gets decrypted at each step, and the message body gets encrypted
at each step using the scheme above.
But Eric Hughes pointed out that we already have such a distinction
in the RFC822 message headers vs body.  We should use that existing
structure rather than try to create our own.  That means that anonymous
addresses should be designed to fit into mail headers.  Unfortunately
many mail agents make this difficult or inconvenient right now, but
perhaps that is an area where we could make some improvements.
In this model, we would not need message body delimiters, since mail
already has its message body delimited distinct from its headers.
If we do process the message body with encryption at each stage,
I do have an idea which could be useful.  If the body which is
being encrypted is already in the format of an ASCII-encoded message
using the standard RFC822 encryption used in PGP, RIPEM and PEM,
then rather than just encrypting it it could be de-ASCII'd, then
encrypted, then re-ASCII'd.  This would keep it from increasing
in size by a factor of 4/3 at each encryption step.
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1993-01-07 13:04:27
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Chaining remailers. 
It was interesting to see Karl Barrus's efforts to chain the Pax
and Penet remailers.  I think one of his problems is this:
If I reply to one of Karl's double-remailed aliases, I will get assigned
two anonymous aliases - one from each of pax and penet.  The first
machine I send to will assign me an anonymous alias, and forward my
mail on, with a "From:" indicating that same new alias.  The second
machine will then see mail coming in from that new alias, assign me
an alias for that, and send it back to me (via the first machine).
That's why Karl got an extra alias in some of his tests that he wasn't
expecting.  It also means that the fact that he is using a double
remailing alias will be revealed to anyone who chooses to send to him.
I think the lesson is that this process of automatic alias assignment
may not be the best way to handle things.  It sounds attractive and
simple, but look at all the problems Karl ran into.  And if you're using
a chain of remailers for an anonymous address, you really don't want
everyone who sends to you to find out exactly what chain you are using.
I still lean towards the idea of a "constructed" anonymous address,
where I decide ahead of time which remailers I'll use, and in what
order.  Then, I need some way to put that address into the return
field of my mail that I send.  If this were possible, then person A
could post a message, with his headers set so that replies will go
to this anonymous address.  And if person B wanted to send to A, he
could, using A's anonymous address, and B could arrange it so that
B's own anonymous address would go into the outgoing headers.
A and B could then communicate using two completely different paths,
both anonymously.  A could go from pax to penet to B, and B could go
from menudo to rebma to A.  Each user would establish his anonymous
address in the way he preferred.
I think this is probably a better system than all this automatic
assignment of anonymous aliases.  It seems simpler and it should still
be easy to use.  The automatic systems tend to get out of hand.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1993-01-08 23:43:08
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: New remailer in C. 
It's good to see more people working on remailers.  The cypherpunks
remailers have been written in Perl, which facilitates experimenting
and testing of new interfaces.  The idea might be to migrate them
to C eventually for efficiency, but during this experimental phase
we may want to try out new ideas, and it's easier to modify a Perl
script than a C program.
This is somewhat similar to the cypherpunks remailers; however, they
accept the :: only at the beginning of the message, allow any fields to
be put there that the user desires (not just those three), and terminate
the block by a blank line.  Does your alternate system have some
I do find the use of this string to produce rather complicated looking
commands.  The cypherpunks remailers get the same effect by just putting
in blocks starting with :: and separated by blank lines:
Anon-To: anon at anon.penet.fi
Anon-To: nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu
This looks simpler to me.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1993-01-08 23:47:53
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Chaining addresses... 
My understanding was that everyone who tried to talk to him would get
two aliases assigned automatically.  Karl made the problem worse by
talking to himself from two different addresses, but you're still
talking about a lot of aliases.
OK, so you can set up an anonymous address which, say, goes through pax
and then penet and then to you.  If someone replies to that address,
they will be anonymous to you, by default; their anonymous address will
go through penet and then pax.
But if they didn't want that anonymous address, they could use one of
their own (say, rebma to soda to themselves) first, then go to your
address.  Now when you reply to them, I guess your message will go
through penet, then pax, then rebma, then soda, then to them.
My feeling was it would be better if they could put a Reply-To: into
the message that just meant to go to rebma then to soda to themselves, and
get that Reply-To: to go through the pax-to-penet chain to you.  Also,
they would not get anonymous ID's assigned by penet and pax, ideally.
Instead, you would reply to them using this Reply-To address and go through
just rebma and soda to get to them.  This will be simpler and faster
than having all messages go through the union of both communicant's
anonymous address chains.
I wasn't really talking about picking my own alias.  It is more a
matter of having a straightforward way to construct an anonymous
address that goes through the specific chain of systems that I choose.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1993-01-09 15:33:30
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Cascading aliases 
I think Matthew Rapaport's point is good that much of the trouble with the
automatic assignment of aliases comes from the automatic mailing to the user
of a new alias.
Most of the remailing servers have a special address or command you can send
meaning "assign me a new alias, and tell me what it is".  Probably, as
Matthew says, they should only mail back the newly assigned alias when one
of these special commands is used.
I'm still not convinced that automatic alias assignment should always
be done when mail goes through a server from a new address.  It seems like
this might generate so many aliases that it would be too great a load on the
servers, especially if remailers become more widely used.  But it's hard to
say how bad a problem this is.
I feel that the main purpose of an anonymous address is to protect the
anonymity of the person being addressed, not people who send to him.  Just
because a person chooses to be anonymous is no reason to expect that
everyone who wants to talk to him also wants to be anonymous.  I think it
would be better to only provide anonymity when asked.  Systems that do too
much for people sometimes get in the way.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  Cypherpunks >INTERNET:cypherpunks at toad.com

@_date: 1993-01-09 17:12:59
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Trailing blanks in PGP 
Edgar points out that PGP prepends a "- " string to every line that starts
with "-", and suggests that it would not be much further to go to strip
trailing blanks.
While I sympathize with the problems Edgar and others have with trailing
blanks messing up signature checking, it turns out that the "- " quoting is
done at a different stage of the processing than signature checking.
When a signed message is created, it is first "canonicalized", which
presently means only that each line is made to end with a carriage return
line feed.  The signature is then calculated on this form.  For the
cleartext signature, the message is then wrapped in the "-----BEGIN PGP
MESSAGE-----" lines, and the quoting of lines starting with "-" is done.  As
Edgar surmises, this quoting is so that the end of the message can be
accurately located, even if the message contains lines like "-----END PGP
On the receiving end, the message is first stripped of the -----BEGIN and
-----END lines, and the "-" quoting is undone.  The resulting message is
then canonicalized (so that lines end with CRLF's) and the signature is
calculated and checked against that sent with the message.
Space stripping could be done fairly easily in the "unwrapping" process, along
with the "-" de-quoting, as Edgar suggests.  But it would still fail if the
user signed a message which ended a line with a blank.  In fact, if he ever
did sign such a message, and the de-quoting routine were enhanced to strip
trailing blanks, the message would always fail the signature check, because
that necessary trailing blank will be gone.
What really needs to be done is to change the definition of a "canonical
text" message.  Presently it only specifies CRLF line terminators.  It would
have to be enhanced to specify also that no spaces precede any CRLF.  If
this were done, then the canonicalizing process done at both ends would
strip the trailing blanks before calculating the signature, and therefore
trailing blanks would not affect the signature check.
Presently, PGP "knows" that on a PC, canonical text form is the same as
regular text form.  That is because CRLF is the normal line terminator on a
PC.  So, canonicalizing is skipped on the PC, which speeds up signing and
verification on this class of machines, which include some of the slowest on
which PGP is run.  Adding blank-stripping to the definition of canonical
text means that all messages will have to be canonicalized on PC's, thus
adding an extra processing pass which is avoided now.  So there is some cost
in doing this.
There are also some compatibility problems, in that old signed messages
which had trailing blanks would no longer signature-verify if we changed the
definition of canonical text in this way.  However, there probably aren't
that many such messages, so this may be a tolerable cost.
I do think we should consider making this change, as many people have
complained about it.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
  Cypherpunks >INTERNET:cypherpunks at toad.com

@_date: 1993-01-11 09:03:28
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Chaining Pax and Penet. 
The problem is this: when someone responds to your anonymous ID
anon.435 at pax, their mail _from_ Pax does not come from anon.435.
Anon.435 is _your_ id.  Instead, their mail from Pax comes from their
own anonymous ID (possibly a newly allocated one).  Then, when the
mail goes to Penet, it sees this new "From" ID and allocates one of
its own.
The same thing happened when you sent to anon.435 at pax from your
system which already had a Pax ID.  When the mail was forwarded from
Pax to Penet, it was not marked as coming from anon.435.  Instead,
it was marked as coming from this already-assigned Pax ID. (I don't
think you ever said what that already-assigned ID was.)  Penet had
not seen that ID before, so it allocated an alias for it and sent
back to that ID.  Penet's mail-back would _not_ go to anon.435, but
rather to the Pax ID which it was replying to.
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1993-01-11 09:03:59
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: .Sig suppression 
Chael> I'm
Chael> sure there are a couple, but I agree with your point that most BBS's on
Chael> any mail network append an identifying "tagline" or signature.  As a
Chael> matter of fact, in many nets it is a requirement that your system append
Chael> a tagline to all messages.  Incidentally, it is preceded often by "--"
Chael> on a line by itself.
I'd like to hear more about systems which do this.  What is the rationale
for adding the system name at the end?  Do these networks not use
Internet-style "From:" headers, so these automatic system-wide .sigs are
used for the same effect?
I guess there must be gateways between these bbs's and the internet,
for this issue to arise.  It's too bad that these gateways don't convert
the .sig info into a more conventional RFC-822 style Internet header.
Hal Finney
  CYPHERPUNKS >INTERNET:CYPHERPUNKS at TOAD.COM

@_date: 1993-01-12 23:17:59
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Mental poker. 
Mental poker protocols are notorious for having sometimes subtle
weaknesses.  I missed the posting on sci.crypt which Karl mentioned
but his description of the protocol seems to have a flaw:
If B in step 6 sends A message M3, which lists the 47 cards left after
B has chosen his 5 from the 52 they started with, then A will be able
to see which 5 B chose; those are the 5 not listed in M3.
Am I missing something in the description of the protocol, or was the
actual protocol perhaps a little different than this?
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-01-14 12:09:52
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Details on return envelopes 
I've been studying Eric Messick's message.  It's pretty complicated and
it will take more time to really understand it.
I did spot one possible problem.  Remailer &V sends to &W an address
field that looks like:
Addr: w(B), w(Sw, Qw, C, &X, x(C), x(...), pad)
but I don't think &V has enough information to create the 2nd item here.
The reason for the A, B, etc. keys is, I think, to allow new padding to
be done as the message gets passed between each pair of remailers.
I think that may need to be used here as well.  &V can't put padding into
the w(Sw,...) block.
As a more general comment, I'd like to see some simpler examples.  Eric
has shown the most complex case in order to demonstrate that his scheme
works for that, but I think more people would be able to comment on it
if some simpler examples were provided.  How about an anonymous address
that is just one hop long, instead of 3, and which is used by the sender
without going through any remailers first?  I think that would be less
Another general point, which may be important.  Chaum emphasized that his
anonymous addresses should be use-once, because if two people send messages
to the same anonymous address, someone who has access to the mail goig
into and coming out of the remailer will see identical address fields
coming out for the pair of messages.  I think Eric's scheme has the same
I have to admit that I don't see that a use-once anonymous address is very
useful, but I think we should give this some consideration.  I think
Eric's use of padding is to defeat just such an attacker, so that there
is no message-length correlation between incoming and outgoing messages.
If we are going to worry about such attacks, it calls into question the
whole approach to anonymous addresses.
As one possible corollary, if anonymous addresses were used once then the
postage could be supplied by the addressee.  This might change the protocol
very considerably.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-01-14 12:24:43
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: anonymous service shutdown (pax) 
I agree that the PAX shutdown is an ominous development.  Nobody's
internet access is perfectly free from the kinds of pressures that were
brought against PAX.  What steps can we take to keep the same thing from
happening to us?
I agree with Karl that a big step would be to spread remailers more widely.
Eric Hollander is running three remailers in addition to the ones Karl
mentioned - hh at soda.berkeley.edu, and two other machines which I don't
have handy.  They don't encrypt but they forward, and that's good enough
for many purposes.
Some time back, there was mention that the owner of the commercial Portal
system would run one.  Could someone follow up on that who knows him?
PGP is gradually disappearing from U.S. sites where it used to be
available.  Recently it got taken off the EFF area on Compuserve.
We can't afford to see encryption and remailers be slowly strangled.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-01-14 23:08:10
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: possible solution to the anonymous h 
I have to agree with Peter Honeyman that Marc Horowitz's proposal
that remailers reveal message sources under certain conditions
wouldn't work well.  Remailer users will prefer remailers which won't
do this.  So reputations and such will tend to push things in the
opposite direction.
Also, I'd point out that the Pax remailer actually did maintain a database
of anonymous addresses with the corresponding real addresses.  So it
already worked much as Marc suggested.  You can actually send mail to
someone who posts anonymously through Pax just as easily as you could
send to someone who posted non-anonymously.  So if you want to complain
about some offensive posting or email to the person who did it, you
still could with Pax.  These features didn't stop Pax from getting shut
Marc's suggestion that commercial users could run remailers without pressure
from NSF sounds good in theory, but it's not clear how well it would work
in practice.  I don't think Cypherpunks could run such a remailer, even
if Marc is right and it would cost $10 per Cypherpunks reader per month.
I doubt that many people would be willing to make this charitable contribution
for what would be a public good - a remailer that anyone could use.
Even if it could be done, one remailer isn't enough.  We need many remailers
so that no one remailer can expose users.
I think the best bet would be a commercial site which has a connection for
other reasons, and which is willing to run a remailer on the side.  I
don't know what kinds of sites use these commercial connections.  The
commercial Internet access that I am aware of is through companies like
Compuserve, Portal, Netcom, the WELL, and so on, and I think they all have
to abide by the NSF acceptable use policies.  At least, I had to agree to
those on Portal and I think on Compuserve.  What would be an example of a
site with commercial Internet access which would be free of NSF pressure?
One other point I'd make with regard to Marc's message is that if PGP itself
is the problem, there's no reason the remailers can't use RIPEM.  That's
legal in the U.S., so the legality issue would not arise.  This might be
a good approach to take in broaching the subject with administrators.  I
haven't looked at RIPEM much but I'm sure the remailers could use it just
as easily as PGP.  Even non-encrypting remailers can provide basic
anonymous posting and mail, if those would be more acceptable.
A final point is that forwarding mail for another person can hardly be
made illegal in general.  If I receive a message from person A asking me
to forward it on to person B, and I do so, this is clearly a legitimate
email message that I choose to send.  To try to disallow this would be to
put intolerable restrictions on email content.  So, if this is allowed, it
seems to me that I should be able to write a program to do what I am
allowed to do manually.
If these remailers could be made widespread, with tens of thousands of people
running them as a routine service, I think a crackdown would be much more
difficult.  I think we need to educate users about the value of privacy
and anonymity in order to encourage more people to run remailing software.
Can anyone suggest a newsgroup where these kinds of discussions would be
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-01-14 23:19:06
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Electronic money legality 
The question came up here some time ago as to whether it would be
legal to issue electronic money, or regular money, for that matter.
I got a couple of books out of the library to try to learn something
of the history of private bank notes.
It seems that private bank notes were the rule rather than the exception
in the U.S. up until around the time of the Civil War.  However, the
notes were issued by banks which generally had a charter or license from
the state government.  I'm not sure whether a private individual could
have legally issued his own banknotes without state permission.
Around the time of the Civil War the Federal government levied a 10%
tax on all issues of banknotes.  This was intended to drive them out
of use, and it did.  Apparently this tax is still in effect today.
George Selgin's book, The Theory of Free Banking, is a call to return
to a situation of competitive note issue, where each bank would print
its own "money" and people would use all these different monies freely
according to their preferences.  Regardless of the pros and cons of this
idea, he does mention the legal situation briefly in footnote 7 of chapter
"Strictly speaking, issue of bank notes by commercial banks is not presently
illegal; however, such issue must still meet the bond-deposit requirements
established under the National Banking System or the 10 percent tax on state
bank notes.  Since all bonds eligible as security for circulating notes were
retired before 1935 (or had the circulation privilege conferred upon them
withdrawn), note issue, while not illegal, is nevertheless impossible under
existing law.  Restoration of commercial bank note-issuing privileges merely
requires repeal of the bond deposit provisions of the original National
Banking statutes and of the prohibitive tax on bank notes."
One other point I learned was about the nature of "legal tender" laws.
If a money is a legal tender, a creditor cannot turn down an offer by a
debtor to repay using that money.  If he does turn it down, the debt is
void (roughly).  So, legal tender laws don't forbid repayment of a debt
in some other form (I can give you a bike in place of the $100 I owe you),
(if we both agree), but they may specify that even if a debt is denominated
in some other units, I can repay using federal reserve notes.  This is
what happened when the U.S. stopped redeemin for gold during the 1930's -
long-term contracts had routinely been denominated in gold, but the courts
held that dollars could still be used to pay them off.
So, legal tender laws don't appear relevant to the use of digital money,
except that contracts based on digicash could still be paid off by dollar
bills if the debtor wants.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-01-15 10:13:47
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: RIPEM vs PEM 
There is a little confusion here between RIPEM and PEM.  PEM is the "official" Internet standard for Privacy Enhanced Mail.  An implementation is in beta test right now, and uses a centralized certificate hierarchy for all keys.  Everyone has to have their keys signed by an agency which is authorized by RSADSI (at least according to the Internet drafts I have, which are several months old).  Typically, that agency would be your company or your school, because they are in a position to vouch for your identity.  There is a provision, though, for pseudonymous keys to be issued, although they would be clearly marked as such.
RIPEM is Mark Riordan's public-key program.  It is similar to PEM, but does not use the PEM certificates and therefore does not require people to have their keys signed by an agency.  It is not really PEM compatible. It does use the RSAREF public-domain encryption package, so it is legal for non-
commercial use in the U.S. and Canada.
What I suggested was the use of RIPEM since it is available now, is legal, and is free.
Note, though, that whether RIPEM or PGP is used, they are only for non- commercial use.  A remailer that wanted to charge, such as the ones that Eric Messick is discussing, would probably have to license the technology from PKP directly to be legal.  (I'm not sure whether PEM also is limited to non-commercial use.)
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-01-15 10:39:53
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: more on security/obscurity/reality 
I can understand Daniel Ray's proposing to keep a low profile in running remailers, using encryption and such.  Pax was probably the highest profile service, at least in the Usenet groups I use, and look what happened to it.
The problem is, how can a remailing service be secret?  Its address has to be known in order for it to be used!  The only way it could be secret that I can see would be for it to have only a small, select group of "clients" who use it, and who keep the address to themselves.  But there is no such group; it's not like there's some kind of ring of privacy lovers out there who will want to use such services but who will be willing to keep the servers secret.
If remailers are going to be useful, they _have_ to be public.  People have to know how to reach them in order to use them.  The real task, it seems to me, is to justify anonymous mail to the Internet public, so that people will not support these shutdowns, and, even better, so that people will routinely use encryption and even remailing when they communicate.  Eric Hughes made the point here some time back that we should aim for a society where sending non-encrypted remail is considered rather eccentric: "What?  You send your mail _exposed_?  You don't mind if everyone reads it?"  In the same way, sending mail in such a way that everyone can see who you are communicating with, and that everyone you send to can see your true address automatically, could become equally unusual.
One other point I'd make regards the use of pseudonyms for replying.  The Pax service created a pseudonym for each person who used the service which was put into the "From:" line of outgoing mail.  Then people could reply to that pseudonym and it would go back to the original sender.
The problem with this approach, as far as spreading remailers, is that you have to have privileges on your machine in order to create new user ID's.  An individual user who doesn't own or run a machine is generally not able to create such pseudonyms.  This means that the number of people who can run remailers which use such features is much smaller than the number who can run the simpler Cypherpunks remailers in their current versions.
The Cypherpunks remailers do allow for anonymous return addresses, but they are quite cumbersome to use, not automatic like the Pax type.  But they do have the advantage that anyone who has access to Unix, PGP and Perl can run them.  This is probably a much larger population.

@_date: 1993-01-16 17:48:21
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Digital cash legality... 
I've continued to try to learn about what laws might restrict the issuing
of electronic money.
Banking is controlled at both the state and the federal level.
One question was whether one could engage in bank-like activities
without calling yourself a bank.  Denning's California Codes, Financial,
has this definition:
Section 102.  "Bank"
The word "bank" as used in this division means any incorporated
banking institution which shall have been incorporated to engage in
commercial banking business or trust business.  The soliciting, receiv-
ing, or accepting of money or its equivalent on deposit as a regular
business shall be deemed to be doing a commercial banking business
whether such deposit is made subject to check or is evidenced by a
certificate of deposit, a passbook, a note, a receipt, or other writing;
provided, that nothing herein shall apply to or include money or its
equivalent left in escrow, or left with an agent pending investment in
real estate or securities for or on account of his principal.  It shall be
unlawful for any corporation, partnership, firm, or individual to
engage in or transact a banking business within this state except by
means of a corporation duly organized for such purpose.
This seems to say that it's illegal to do these bank-like activities
unless you either are a corporation specifically chartered to be a bank
(in which case the many banking laws apply to you), or unless you are
an escrow agent or a real estate or securities agent (in which case
many other laws apply to you).  The California financial codes are
three volumes long, so there is a considerable body of law that one
would have to be familiar with to consider engaging in such activies.
Another approach I have thought of would be to buy and sell digital
cash, calling it something else.  It's legal to buy and sell other
bit patterns, such as computer-readable pictures and software, so
it should be legal to buy and sell these cryptographic items.  The
idea would be that for $1.00 you will sell someone a  crypto-
cash file, either through email or over the counter if you wanted
(on a floppy).  Then, if someone comes to you with one of these digital cash files, you will buy it back for $1.00.  At one level
you are simply buying and selling items just like the local dealer
in baseball cards, but at another level you are a "money changer",
converting between U.S. dollars and crypto-credits.  The credits
thus receive backing through your willingness to redeem them for
dollars at any time.
One issue is how certain people can be that you actually will buy
back this crypto-cash for its "face value".  Given that you're not
actually a bank, not actually a money dealer, and therefore not
bound by any regulations, there is nothing to compel you to continue
to accept the crypto money.  You could arbitrarily decide at any time
not to buy it back any more, just like the local baseball card dealer.
This, I think, is what makes this whole activity legal - you're not
making any promises to "depositers" that they can get their money back.
But, by the same token, it may prevent the digicash from being accepted.
It would basically come down to your reputation for being trustworthy
and committed.
Another problem is the issue of sales tax.  Using this "seller of
bit patterns" model, you will have to collect sales tax from your
customers who are within the state.  From my experience selling software,
you don't have to collect it for out-of-state customers.  I don't
know whether the state would also expect another "cut" when you buy
the bit patterns back.  But it sounds like there will be at least
a 7% transaction cost to turn dollars into digital cash, which is
probably prohibitive.  One solution might be to do this from a state
which doesn't collect sales tax.
(Coin dealers here in California have some exemptions from the sales
tax requirements, but I doubt whether these exemptions could be
stretched to cover what I am proposing here.  In other respects, though,
that business is rather similar to what I am talking about, in that
they do a lot of selling and buying back.)
A related issue is whether this should be thought of as a business
at all, or whether it could be a hobby.  The fact is, you could
actually make a lot of money at this, even though you buy and sell
at the same price, by investing the dollars you are paid until you
have to use them to buy the digital cash back.  Still, given the apparent
need to infringe or license both RSA's and Chaum's patents, I think
running it on a "non-commercial" basis would be more acceptable, if
that could be done.  I suppose if you were careful to segregate the
dollars used to purchase crypto-cash into a non-interest-bearing
account, so you didn't make any money on them, you could call it non-
commercial.  (Actually, it's not 100% clear to me that RSA's patents
would apply to a digital cash implementation, since their patent is
for a communications machine, even though the algorithm is the same.)
I'll let people know as I continue to learn more.

@_date: 1993-01-17 10:53:20
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Poor Man's Cash. 
Tim May's message about remailers mentioned the possibility of a
simple way of handling digital postage.  This can be extended to be
a replacement for digital cash which doesn't use any cryptography.
As in Tim's suggestion, the "banker" (or "money changer" in the model
I described yesterday) simply creates 50-bit numbers, each of which is
a "piece of digital cash".  The banker keeps a list of the specific
numbers that are circulating.  When someone presents one for payment,
he checks to see if the number is on the list.  If so, he honors it
and then removes it from the list.  As with regular digital cash,
withdrawers keep the numeric values secret.
Nobody can forge the cash because no one can create numbers which are
on the banker's (secret) list.
There are two problems with this system.  The first is that there is
no way for the seller in a seller/buyer transaction to verify that
the random 50-bit numbers the buyer is offering him are actually valid
pieces of digital cash.  The only thing he could do is to send them
to the bank and have the bank report back as to whether they are valid
or not.
But in at least the simpler cryptographic protocols, the same problem
exists.  In those protocols, it may be possible to use digital signatures
to recognize that a particular piece of cash originally came from the
bank, but you still have the problem that this cash may have been
"spent" before.  Digital cash can be reproduced trivially, so any seller
must again check with the bank to make sure that the cash he is offered
is still valid.  (More complex schemes are intended to allow "incrimination"
of a buyer who reuses cash, but I feel that they have problems as well.)
So this problem is no worse than at least the simpler cryptographic
The other problem is that this cash is not anonymous.  When a seller
sends in some cash he received from a buyer, the banker can recognize
which buyer that cash came from.
But there are several reasons why this might not be as bad as it seems.
First, the buyer and seller may themselves be anonymous to the bank.  The
bank may know them only through an anonymous address of the type we have
been discussing here.  So, at best, the banker could deduce things like
"account 1234 seems to be buying a lot from account 5678."  This is not
a direct loss of anonymity.  Second, our own paper cash already has this
problem, through the serial numbers printed on each bill.  Although this
is used occasionally by law enforcement to track criminals, it is not
considered in general to be a threat to anonymity.
And third, the banker could have a policy of not remembering which buyer
received each outgoing digital cash number.  This could be done by
having the banker publicize the software which he is running, so that
people can see that these records are not being kept, along with
occasional audits by some third party to verify that the banker is
actually running that software.  There would still be an element of
trust involved, but trust will always be a part of such relationships,
and reputations will be important.
This "poor man's digital cash" is not that interesting technically,
because no cryptography is involved.  But it does provide most of the
features of crypto-cash, and it does so in a manner which is easy to
understand and explain.  It also violates no one's patents, so it would
be that much easier to start experimenting with it safely.

@_date: 1993-01-17 10:53:24
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Crypto trading cards. 
Giving a little more thought to the idea of buying and selling digital
cash, I thought of a way to present it.  We're buying and selling
"cryptographic trading cards".  Fans of cryptography will love these
fascinating examples of the cryptographic arts.  Notice the fine way
the bit patterns fit together - a mix of one-way functions and digital
signatures, along with random blinding.  What a perfect conversation
piece to be treasured and shown to your friends and family.
Plus, your friends will undoubtedly love these cryptographic trading
cards just as much.  They'll be eager to trade for them.  Collect a
whole set!  They come in all kinds of varieties, from the common
1's, to the rarer 50's, all the way up to the seldom-seen 1000's.
Hours of fun can be had for all.
Your friendly cryptographic trading card dealer wants to join the fun,
too.  He'll be as interested in buying your trading cards back as in
selling them.
Try this fascinating and timely new hobby today!

@_date: 1993-01-17 20:48:33
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Return envelopes. 
I looked at Eric Messick's improved ideas for remailing with digital
postage, and they look pretty good.  I think it's especially good that
Eric has been able to show that anonymous addresses can be used by
more than one person without being incriminating.
But there is still an attack which they are vulnerable to, which Eric
mentions.  The "Pneed" field of the anonymous address has information
about the postage amounts which will be needed by each remailer in
the chain.  (But it doesn't reveal which specific remailers to use,
of course.)  It also has public keys to encrypt these amounts with,
which are matched by secret keys hidden in the encrypted address.
But the remailers themselves each see their corresponding postage secret
keys as they process the message.  This means that they know which
envelope was used to send each message.  That means that each remailer
can find out if it is part of a given anonymous address, and it can
find out what remailers are before and after it in the chain.  It is
especially unnerving that the last remailer in the chain can learn
this information, as it will see your true address.  The one consolation
is that it won't _know_ that it is the last remailer in the chain,
so it won't realize that it has actually broken the code and is seeing
the true correspondance between the anonymous address and the real
But if most anonymous addresses only go through no more than a handful
of remailers, say 10, then that remailer must figure that it has at
least a 10% chance of having "broken" your address.  This degree of
information is more than I would like to have revealed about my anonymous
Based on this, I would be inclined to use non-postage-charging remailers.
But even the non-postage remailers have the same flaw using Eric's
protocol.  Each remailer sees the "clear text" of the message M being
passed along.  If a remailer sent the message in the first place, it
created M, so if it then sees message M come through later, it again
knows the correspondance between an anonymous address and its own
forwarding activities.
Chaum's scheme avoided this problem by having M get encrypted at each
point.  Using Eric's notation, an anonymous address might be:
Addr: &Z, z, z(&R, r, A, r(junk))
The new addition is A, a random conventional key.  Z gets sent:
Addr: z(z(&R, r, A, r(junk)), pad)
Message: z(M, pad)
This is just like Eric's example.  What Z sends is:
Addr: r(r(junk), pad)
Message: r(A(M), pad)
The new feature is that Z encrypted M with A as it passed through.
In this case we only had a one-step anonymous address, but if there
were more than one step, each would use a different conventional key
A, B, C, ....  This way even a remailer which created M wouldn't
recognize it when it passed through after at least one step.
Using this idea along with Eric's idea of random padding and double
encryption at each step, we have multiple-use return addresses for
which no information can be learned at any point about the correspondence
between anonymous and real addresses, as long as the return addresses
use at least two hops.

@_date: 1993-01-20 00:04:41
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Digital cash legality... 
Continuing my research on the legality of digital cash...
I found something interesting.  As I posted before, one of the obstacles
to free printing of private bank notes is a 10% per year tax on the
circulation of bank notes from state-chartered banks.  This law took
effect on July 1, 1866.  According to "Monetary Decisions of the Supreme
Court", by Dunne, "The tax has become a permanent fixture in federal
law.  Its latest form is sections 4881-4886 of the Internal Revenue Code
of 1954."
That book is a little old, so I went tonight to look up these sections
of the 1992 IRC.  They don't exist.  There is a note saying:
"Prior sections 4881 to 4886, Act Aug. 16, 1954, c. 736, 68A Stat. 587-589,
imposed a tax on the circulation of banks.
"Repeal effective on the first day of the first month which begins more
than 90 days after Oct. 4, 1976."
So, it appears that these provisions have been repealed!  It's possible
that the same requirement has been re-enacted in some other form, but I
looked around a bit in the index and contents and although there are many
unusual taxes I could not find anything similar to this.
I also got an email suggestion to look up the codes related to barter
exchanges.  It does appear that many of these suggestions for digital
cash could be construed to be covered by such laws.  Here is an excerpt
from the Code of Federal Regulations, 1.6045-1(f5):
"(i) A credit is an amount on the books of the barter exchange that is
transferable from one member or client of the barter exchange to another
such member or client, or to the barter exchange, in payment for property
or services;
"(ii) Scrip is a token issued by the barter exchange that is transferable
from one member or client of the barter exchange to another such member
or client, or to the barter exchange, in payment for property or services;
"(iii) Property does not include a credit or scrip."
The "credit" provision seems to cover "digital checking accounts", and
the "scrip" definition seems to cover digital cash.  A barter exchange
itself is defined in 1.6045-1(a):
"(4) The term 'barter exchange' means any person with members or clients
that contract either with each other or with such person to trade or
barter property or services either directly or through such person.
The term does not include arrangements that provide solely for the
informal exchange of similar services on a noncommercial basis."
Even though the crypto banker/money-changer may not be trading property
or services (just exchanging scrip for dollars), the larger system
composed of the banker and the users of digital cash (who presumably
are buying and selling property and services from each other using the
cash/scrip) seems to match this definition pretty closely.
I noticed the exception for noncommercial use, but the only example
they give is for people in a carpool, who exchange the service of driving
each other to work.  It's not clear whether a digital cash money exchange,
even if not operated for profit, would qualify.
If you are a barter exchange, and there are more than 100 transactions
occuring per year, you have to keep the taxpayer ID number of all the
customers on file, and send them all a form 1099 describing their
transactions and the market value of the transfers, as well sending
information directly to the IRS.  This doesn't sound like it will lead to
much anonymity, crypto or otherwise.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-01-23 21:23:07
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Re. PGP on BBS 
One thing I didn't follow about this was the supposed need to put the
private key onto the BBS in order to send encrypted mail.  This is not
necessary.  The private key is only used for signing messages.  For privacy
purposes in many cases encryption is sufficient.  PGP could be run on the
BBS to do encryption.
Of course, the local sysop could see your message as you compose it or
upload it to the BBS, but if you're then sending it through a BBS network it
can travel privately.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-06-10 07:38:15
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Encrypting the list 
If we could encrypt the list, and if we could subscribe via Julf's remailer
or get our remailers to accept address aliases of some sort, then list
subscribers could have "local" privacy.  Local sysops and roots would not
be able to see our incoming mail, and would not see that we were subscribing
to a group like "cypherpunks".
My long-term goal would be to have all mail be encrypted, and all mail be
sent via anonymous remailers (or equivalent technology), so that the content
and routing of our messages is truly private.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-03-01 09:34:08
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi hacking 
Eric shows a complicated regular expression, but I don't think it
will match just --, because this line provides nothing to match the
"." and "[^B]", etc.
I think the real point is that Eric's idea allows the user to customize the
regular expression to match the particular signature line used by his
system.  If the line is just --, he can use Eric's simple example.  If it's
something else, another line can be used to look for the match.  Since it's
not hard for users to find out how their signatures look it should not be
hard to set up a pattern that will strip them.

@_date: 1993-03-02 23:01:06
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: REMAIL: Usage stats. 
I got mail from a remailer operator asking how he could keep some
information about how much his remailer was being used without keeping
logs of the messages.  This seemed like a good feature so I have added
it to my maildelivery file.  This is how it looks now:
# field                 pattern action/ string #                               result  (quote included spaces)
Request-Remailing-To    ""      pipe R  "date >> LOG.REMAIL"
Request-Remailing-To    ""      pipe A  remail.pl
Anon-To		        ""      pipe R  "date >> LOG.REMAIL"
Anon-To			""	pipe A  remail.pl
Encrypted               PGP     pipe R  "date >> LOG.ENCRYPTED"
Encrypted               PGP     pipe A  pgpmail.pl
*                       ""      pipe ?  recurse.pl
The lines which say "date >> LOG.XXX" will append one line to the
LOG.* file each time a remailing or decryption is done.  That line
will tell when it is done.  No other information is kept to allow
reconstruction of who sent the message or what it was.  You can use
"wc" to count how many lines are in the files, archive and/or delete
them periodically, or do whatever you like.
A couple of notes: When you have more than one line that matches a
particular field/pattern (defined in the first two columns), use the
letter R for the result code for the first ones, and A for the last.
Also, be SURE you put quotes around the command string if it is more
than one word.  Otherwise ALL of your mail will DISAPPEAR!  (I need to
do a little work on the slocal.pl script to make it more robust about
this. :-)
If you're using slocal rather than slocal.pl this should still work.
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-03-03 10:45:08
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: REMAIL: Juries... 
Tim Moors offers an interesting suggestion that a jury should be used
to decide when a remailer operator should pierce the anonymity of an
especially egregious poster.  But I could see a way this could fail.
If a post really is terrible, one might expect the poster to have taken
some extra precautions.  What if Tim's jury starts up, deliberates,
argues, goes back and forth, and finally decides that the real email
address of the poster should be revealed.  When this is done, it may
well turn out that the original email address was forged, or was another
remailer which doesn't keep logs!
This would mean that no replies to the message would have worked, but
if the posting was harmful enough the poster might have been willing
to give up the capability to receive private replies (he can always
read followup postings on the newsgroup).
In a case like this, all the effort on the part of the jury would have
been wasted.
We should also realize that, in a sufficiently bad case, there may
well have been law enforcement involvement, anyway.  If the harm is
"real world" (not just something net folk would object to) then the
jury activity may be superfluous, as court orders could have been used
to force the remailer to reveal his mappings.
I wonder, though, if Tim's jury could be married with Marc Horowitz's
idea to have remailer operators support anonymous posting only from
"approved" pseudonyms.  Marc's idea was that people would literally
buy approval of given digital pseudonyms (e.g. public keys).  This
approval would be granted by the operator(s) themselves, or buy some
other agencies, and would be shown by a public log of signed pseudonymous
public keys.  Each message through the remailer would have to be digitally
signed by one of these approved keys.
(The approval process would be _completely anonymous_, that is, there
would be _no_ correspondence between real identities and approved
Then, if someone posted abusive messages, their approval could be cancelled.
Their digital pseudonym (e.g. public key) would be removed from the list
of approved "nyms" (I like Eli's shorthand).  This way they could not
post any more, at least unless they were willing to spend more of their
hard-earned money to buy approval of another nym.  This way we get the
parallels to the postal service.
If the approval agencies donated their earnings then this would not
represent commercialization so it could even be done today.
(Another thought along these lines would be to use Karl Barrus' digital
bank to buy approval.  I'm not sure this would work, but it's worth
One weakness of Marc's proposal was what criteria would be used to yank
approval of nyms.  A person might be reluctant to pay real money for
an approval certificate if he knew that it could be removed just because
some blowhard complained about one of his postings.  And remailer operators
would be constantly forced to make judgement calls (as I gather Julf is
Perhaps Tim's juries could serve this purpose.  People would get their
approval certificate removed only upon a jury's recommendation.  The jury
could even be specified in advance, composed of respected but fair members
of the net community.
If people had this kind of assurance that their posting privileges would
be lost only under a fair system like this, they would be more willing to
pay for an anonymous posting certificate.
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-03-11 17:43:30
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: HIDE: embedding msgs into snd & graphics 
Tim mentions that Adobe Photoshop can be used to overlay messages into the low-order bits of a graphics image.  Photoshop is expensive, so I'm wondering whether it would be worthwhile for me to write a simple, free utility just for this purpose.  I would have it take a GIF file and a binary file to be embedded, and produce an output GIF with the low order bit of each byte changed to be the next bit of the embedded binary file.  For output, it would do the opposite - produce a binary file determined solely by the low-order bits of the GIF file.
I played with GIF a few years ago and wrote a viewer, so I have some familiarity with that format.  It doesn't sound too hard to write a program like this.  One concern is whether such a program would be redundant, whether widely available tools already exist to perform the same function.  Perhaps there are PD image-processing tools that could be adapted.  If anybody knows of any please let me know.
For this kind of program to be useful, you'd want to use PGP in its long-discussed "stealth mode".  This would be a mode in which PGP would produce output that was basically indistinguishable from random data.  Presently PGP puts out some header fields which can be used to recognize that a file is a PGP file.  Stealth mode would suppress this information.  PGP would not be able to automatically choose which key to use to decrypt such a file, but since most people have only one secret key this would not be a big problem.
The PGP developer's group has been talking about this for a long time (over a year) but nobody has cared enough to do anything about it.  Maybe it should be done.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-03-11 23:56:36
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Tagging data to detect thieves 
Mark Ringuette asks about schemes to detect which copies of some proprietary information were used to resell the data.
I recall reading a paper on this in the proceedings of one of the crypto conferences within the past several years.  Unfortunately, I don't have a more accurate reference handy.  The authors referred to this problem as "digital fingerprinting" (i.e. adding a "fingerprint" to each copy of a document).
As I recall, the idea was to twiddle bits in such a way that any subset of copies up to a specified size would have a certain number of identically twiddled bits.  The thiefs who cross-correlate 64 (or however many) copies will not know about the bit twiddles which were common to all 64 copies.  Their output will still contain those common bit-twiddles, and this information allows the thiefs to be caught.  The paper shows a formula for the number of possible bit-twiddle-places and the number of bit-twiddles per copy needed, as a function of how many copies you are defending against the bad guys getting.  It was basically just a combinatorial/counting argument.
I do seem to recall that if the bad guys could get a lot of copies the number of bits needed grew exponentially.  I don't know whether defeating an attack with 64 copies was practical using this scheme.
Mark also asked about secret sharing.  The classic secret sharing paper is "How to Share a Secret"; I think it was by Shamir, in an old CACM from the 70's.  As I recall, he proposed encoding the data as a K-1 degree polynomial in some modulus field.  Give each person a point on the polynomial.  K points are required to recover the polynomial.  I don't recall how the encoding of the data as a polynomial was to be done, but the author showed that K-1 points gives you no information about it.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-03-11 23:56:58
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNKS=EMAIL HARASSEMENT? 
So how many days, exactly, have people waited for response from
cypherpunks-request before giving up and posting to the list?  Just
one or two, or are we talking weeks here?

@_date: 1993-03-12 22:56:34
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: HIDE: embeddin msgs into snd & graphics 
The considerations that Eli mentioned make it clear that embedding data in the low bits of an image is not as trivial as it sounds, with commonly-used image formats.  In the case of GIF, Eli points out that you may have a 256 entry color table, with each pixel indexing into that table.  Flipping the low bit of a pixel may lead to a completely different color.
What you could do is to renumber the color table so that, to the extent possible, every even-numbered color has some odd-numbered color that is similar (close in color space), and vice versa.  Then rather than just altering the low-order bit of each pixel, you'd change the color of that pixel to be the nearest color of opposite even-odd-ness.  For the decode step, though, you could still just check the low-order bit of the (uncompressed) image.  That renumbering step sounds like the tricky part.
I think Eli is right, too, that lossy compression is pretty much out of the question for this application.  It would be too easy to lose the message that is encoded in the low-order bits.
Images that would be good candidates for this would be natural, scanned-in pictures.  Hand-drawn artworks and most computer-generated images would not have enough natural randomness to allow the message to be slipped in unnoticeably.  Fortunately, nudes would fall into the useful category, and they make up a large fraction of the images people exchange.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-03-23 13:14:19
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: REMAIL: Anon.penet.fi no 
This is truly tragic.  Julf has endured weeks of attacks and now The
Powers That Be have managed to shut down this widely used service.
In the debates we've had here about anonymous posting, we have distinguished
two problems: volume abuse and content abuse.  Volume abuse is the use of
the remailers to send "mail bombs", excessivelly large or numerous messages
to an individual designed to fill his mailbox, or to similarly bombard
newsgroups with large numbers of messages.  Most of us have agreed that
this is a legitimate problem, and various mechanisms have been discussed
to address this.
Content abuse is more problematical; it basically refers to someone posting
a message whose contents someone else objects to.  The traditions of
freedom of speech and freedom of the press in the U.S. make it difficult
to argue in favor of restrictions based on message content.
Despite this, I have the impression that most of the objectionable messages
Johan refers to actually were objected to based on their content.  It's
not that people were bombarding newsgroups with excessive numbers of messages,
it's that they were posting things that (some) people didn't want them to
It would be useful if Johan, after he has a chance to rest up a bit from
the recent political battles, could take the time to summarize information
about "abusive" posts.  To what extent are the problems due to message
contents, versus size or frequency, for example?  Are there any patterns
that can be gleaned about what material people most object to?  In particular,
it would be interesting to know whether there was material posted which was
arguably illegal versus just in bad taste (in someone's opinion).
This kind of information would be useful for the next time someone is
willing to brave the net censors and start another anonymous posting

@_date: 1993-03-25 10:19:34
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Many Important Items in the News 
Responding to Phil Karn's proposal that anonymous mail should be clearly marked as such:
The only thing I object to in this is that it implicitly gives up one of the strongest arguments in favor of anonymity/pseudonymity, which is that there is already no way to verify identities on the net.  In Phil's analogy with Caller ID, where the net is said to already be a "Caller ID" environment, the thing to realize is that the "ID's" are not necessarily accurate.  To a large extent, identity on the net is an illusion.  Pseudonymous remailers like Julf's should be seen as a natural extension of net culture.
This situation is only going to become more extreme as the net continues to move beyond its original, relatively controlled, community of large universities and government research labs, to include the general public.  As more and more "Free Net", Public Access, and BBS systems become part of the internet, there is either going to have to be a massive and universal crackdown on identity verification, which I think is unlikely, or else there is going to have to be acceptance that net identity doesn't necessarily correspond to real names.  (I myself have had email-capable accounts in three names besides my own on various Granted, this argument did not persuade the facist forces which forced the shutdown of Julf's remailer, but that doesn't invalidate it.  Julf's remailer was not shut down due to reasoned disagreement and a consensus that it was wrong; rather, its shutdown was (as far as is known so far) a demonstration of raw power by some person or small group.
Responding to Marc Horowitz's point about problems with the idea of uncancellable messages:
Marc raises the issue of volume abuse.  I think it's important to note that, as far as I know, the Penet postings which people complained about where NOT examples of volume abuse.  The objections to these messages were based on their contents.  (In some cases, people objected to some messages not because of their contents or their volume, but simply because they were "anonymous"!)
I realize that Marc was addressing the issue of uncancellable messages in general, not specifically with regard to anonymous messages.  I am not an expert on news software but reading the debate on this issue in news.admin.policy it appears that the current system is far too lax in allowing cancel messages.  It appears to be very easy to cancel postings made by someone else.  This led to De Pew and his cancel daemon, which itself led to counter-threats for cancel daemons to be activated against De Pew and other posters from his site.  All this points to design flaws in the cancel mechanism.
I do think that it would be appropriate to put more restrictions on cancel messages, and digital signatures could play a part in this.  Perhaps Marc's concern about payment for volume abuse could be dealt  with by some limitations on large postings.  I don't really know how Marc (or anyone) distinguishes between a 100K byte junk file in sci.crypt and a 100K byte file in alt.graphics.misc which he might find equally uninteresting and for which he has to pay equally.  Maybe he's only reading sci.crypt?  In that case perhaps a solution would be for the news transfer software to be enhanced to allow some filtering.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
P.S. Edgar asks about the mail-to-news gateway at ucbvax.berkeley.edu.
Recently I saw postings indicating that this gateway had shut down.
If anyone has information on mail-to-news gateways please post it here.

@_date: 1993-03-27 15:28:55
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: ANON: Mark anon. posts a 
I sent mail to Cypherpunks on this a couple of days ago, but it never
There is a problem with the notion that all "anonymous" remailers and
news-posting services should label their messages as anonymous so that
users can decide whether to read them or not.  This approach abandons one
of the strongest arguments in favor of anonymous remailers, which is
that the net is inherently an anonymous environment.
Especially as more public access Unix systems, BBS systems, and so on
become part of the net, we are going to see less and less of the strict
controls on identity which were possible when the net was restricted to
a few government labs and large universities.  The level of anarchy will
inevitably increase as larger numbers of people acquire net access.
Unless massive and universal authentication efforts are undertaken, it
is going to be more and more the case that you will know little about
the true identity of a poster.
Because of this, those who object to having to read the words of an
"anonymous" poster are taking an untenable position.  They are already
reading words of people about whom they know no more than they would
about an anonymous poster.  And the argument that "non-anonymous" posters
are subject to a form of discipline not available to anonymous posters -
messages to the system operator - is clearly falsified by the existance
of many sysops who care nothing about complaints.  As more and more people
run their own machines with net access, these cases will only increase.
In short, we anonymous remailer operators have every right to be part of
the net.  We introduce no more problems than are already happening and
will continue to occur as the net grows and becomes more universal.  The
resistance we've seen is from old-time sysops who are unable to adjust
to a changing network environment.
Rather than placating obsolete beliefs about network identity by agreeing
to mark our messages with the scarlett letter A for anonymity, by accepting
that we deserve to be in a ghetto set aside for inferior posts, I feel that
we should challenge the net with messages that blur the distinction between
anonymous and authenticated posts.  The sooner people realize that there is
no line that divides the clean from the unclean, the sooner anonymity will
be widely accepted on the net.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-03-27 15:28:58
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: REMAIL: Anon. remailers 
I don't see the advantage of having behind-the-scenes remailers.  The
addresses of the front-end remailer(s) will have to be advertised,
and that is where people will think of the service as originating.  That
is where their attacks will be focussed.  It won't matter if there
are other systems involved with the remailing.
If one front-end gets shut down then yes, it would be nice to have
another.  Again, I don't see how this is made much easier by the
existance of multiple back-end systems.  Penet has not been replaced
yet, and I think the reason is because nobody wants to take the heat
for running such a system.  What difference does it make whether you
are running front-end software or an entire remailer?  Either way you
have to be a system manager in order to install new mail aliases
("an12345", etc.).  There just aren't that many system managers out
there willing to take on the traffic load and the political heat for
a service which they may not even believe in that strongly.
Again, saying that it is the back ends which are the remailers is
misleading.  As far as the net at large will be concerned, it is the
front end which is the remailer.  That is where you send your mail if
you want it to be remailed.  That is where the heat will be.  And
shutting down all the front ends will shut down the remailing service.
The existance of back ends does not affect the strategy used by our
opponents, nor does it give us any additional defense that I can see.
How could this be done?  If I still try to send mail to an1234 at anon.penet.fi,
it will not be remailed.  If Julf does start enabling such messages to
be remailed, by forwarding or by any other way, he will presumably face
the same consequences which convinced him to stop.
On the other hand, if all messages from a remailer say "reply to address
A; if that doesn't work try B, and then C" then I can guarantee that when
net powers try to shut down the remailers they will go after A, B, and C.
Exposing their names like that will just give opponents of anonymity more
time to marshall their forces against these alternative remailer sites.
I think the only reasonable approach is to make the remailer code widely
available, and to try to convince people to run it who are in a position
not to be exposed to pressure.  From earlier postings here, it sounds
like someone who is paying his own money for a UUNET connection, which
someone said costs about $50 per month (what does that $50 include?),
would be a good choice.  It sounds like UUNET is not going to cut off
a paying customer just because others complain about his use of the net,
particularly if it is true that UUNET is a immune to legal threats about
what they carry.  If he who pays for the feed is willing to carry the
remailer traffic then he should be immune to pressure.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-03-30 09:22:34
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: ANON: UUNET Info. 
Thanks to Greg Broiles for the information on UUNET.  I ftp'd some
info from ftp.uu.net as he suggested.  Here is an edited version of
one of their main info files.  I have left in the part relevant to
UUCP connections.
I would comment that this looks like it would not be an economical
approach for providing an anonymous posting service.  The volume
experienced by these services has been very high.  Greg indicates
that he gets about 700 chars per second for his link.  Any posting
or remailing request is going to have to be transmitted twice (once
in, once out).  At $2.47 per connect-hour we're talking about $2.00
per megabyte posted or remailed.  I believe Julf has seen several
megabytes per day.  So this volume will push the bill up to the range
of hundreds of dollars a month.  This is pretty expensive just to
support truth, justice and the American way on the net.  (This could
be reduced if large messages were filtered, but I don't know if UUCP
allows for a way to filter incoming messages so you don't get billed
for them.  After a while, though, if people learned that large messages
don't get remailed, they might stop sending them.  OTOH, the operator
of this service would be vulnerable to mail bombs by those opposed;
the bombs would land right in his wallet.)
Info from UUNET, edited, follows below.
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-03-31 09:27:47
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: REMAIL: Filters for copyright? 
Among thuh objections to anonymous postin', like, we have discussed various
ideas for controllin' volume abuse.  Content abuse is ya know, like, what
seems to cause most of thuh complaints, like, wow, though.
I think we can awesumly ignore those who simply object to an obnoxious,
tasteless or inappropriate message.  Man, another issue that has been
raised is the question of illegal messages.
It's not clear to me what would be illegal in thuh U.S.  Like, there is that
nasty old First Amendment that keeps gettin' in thuh way.
One class which has been discussed is copyrighted messages.  If someone
posts a long excerpt from a published document without thuh author's
permission, man, this would violate his copyright.
I had thuh idea of performin' a transformation on all messages so that
the text of a message would be altered.  Since copyright does not protect
ideas, fer shure, but rather thuh specific expression of an idea, man, this
might keep any message from violatin' copyright.
Like, there are a couple of filters in comp.sources.games: jive and valspeak.
These are pretty amusin'.  Perhaps a variation on these filters, fer shure,
ones which do some simple word substitution, man, would be enough to prevent
copyright violations to come out of an anonymous postin' service.
Like, ya know, this messages has been processed by thuh valspeak filter.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-05-01 10:02:47
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: PGP on soda.berkely.edu 
I want to thank Tim for taking the time to help clarify what he had in
mind in proposing that we reconsider our support for PGP in the face of
PKP's assertion of patent rights:
Speaking in generalizations can only go so far.  It's more useful to
consider specific actions which might be in keeping with this philosophical
I don't have many problems with our being civil to RSADSI.  We don't need
to spit in Bidzos' face whenever we meet him, refuse to shake his hand,
whatever.  Tact is OK.
And the proposal to make a U.S.-legal version of PGP can't hurt anything,
either.  Moves in this direction have been going on for some time.  Several
months ago a patch was inserted to make certain data structures be compatible
with RSA's PKCS standards, and therefore with RSAREF.  This would allow
RSAREF to be used if permission were gained to call it at an entry point
not on the allowed list.  However, this version of PGP would still be
incompatible with pre-2.2 versions.  To make a fully compatible version of PGP
you not only have to call RSAREF at an undocumented entry point, you also
have to modify the code slightly.
All this has been going on for a few months.  Eric Hughes deserves a lot
of credit for encouraging progress in this direction, but I think Phil
fundamentally agrees as well.
One advantage of a U.S.-legal version of PGP is that its very existence
would mean that no one HAD to use it.  Sending out a PGP signed message
would no longer be incriminating, even if you used the older (and
presumably faster) version of PGP.  There would be no way to tell from
external observation which PGP users were using the legal one and which were
using the illegal one.  They would be functionally equivalent, but the legal
one would be slower.  (I find this rather amusing, actually, as it just goes
to show the illogic of PKP's position.)
What are some other issues that might arise in a move away from PGP, and
an adoption of a less confrontational attitude towards RSADSI?  One is the
existance of PGP on the Cypherpunks server.  Presumably this could be
replaced by the legal version once that becomes available, but in the
mean time it might have to disappear.  I would oppose removing it unless
a legal replacement were ready.
Another suggestion that I have heard rumored is that Bidzos might be
invited to join the list.  I would strongly oppose this.  I am also not
comfortable with having him be a participant at Cypherpunks meetings but
since I don't attend them I don't really have the right to complain.
Tim has suggested, if I understand him, that we in some sense work to
improve MailSafe and other RSA products.  I don't really like the idea
of doing unpaid consulting work for a commercial outfit.  If I am going
to work for free, on my own time, I'd like to see the software made
freely available.  So any work with RSA should be on freeware products,
in my opinion.  Improve RSAREF, not MailSafe.
Another issue is whether people would be discouraged from discussing
infringing projects on the Cypherpunks list or at the meetings.  Suppose
somebody wants to talk about a socket-based DC net protocol which uses
Diffie-Hellman key exchange to initialize a shared PRNG for random bit
generation.  Oops, DH is a PKP patent.  Again, I feel that this kind of
project is entirely appropriate for the list and the group.  Does this
fall into Tim's confrontational category: "distributing infringing code
whenever possible"?  I'm not sure.
(I have to confess, given the 15 hour delay in my message posting
the other day (while a short message I dashed off 12 hours later appeared
in a few minutes), that I thought perhaps a filter had been installed to
prevent PGP-signed messages from appearing.  Of course, my message did
eventually appear, the delay being just a technical glitch. I assume
that no one would support banning PGP-signed messages from appearing
on the list.)
A really sticky issue is our public attitude towards Bidzos cracking down
on unauthorized crypto.  What if some lone wolf out there does decide to
go to the mat on PGP or some other infringing software?  Whose side do we
take?  (Refusing to take a position is a de facto support of PKP, IMO.)
I guess we'd have to hope that this never happens.  Gee, it sure seems
strange to HOPE that no one ever stands up to PKP.
I have to say on this point that I can't accept the idea of Cypherpunks
moving into a Sternlight position of support for PKP's crackdowns.
I'd be interested in hearing other specific suggestions for changes which
might result from Tim's suggestion.  This might help focus the discussion
To the extent that Tim is proposing that we encourage efforts to make a
U.S. legal version of PGP, and even replace the current version of PGP
on the Cypherpunks FTP site with the legal version when that becomes
available, I have no problem with it.  To the extent that he suggests that
we be polite and courteous in our public talk about RSADSI, I can accept
that as well.
But to the extent that anyone is proposing to go beyond this into some
of the other areas I listed above (and I have no idea exactly what
anyone has in mind specifically), I think the many problems I and others
have listed in earlier messages provide strong arguments against such
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-05-01 17:27:10
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Patent fallacies 
Another patent misconception, from what I understand, is that an unenforced
patent becomes invalid.  It is said that PKP is "forced" to go after PGP
because if they don't their patent will lose its force.
Several days ago Tom Morrow on the Extropians list said that this doctrine
applies to trademarks but not to patents.  Patents have a fixed 17 year
lifetime and failure to enforce against one user does not preclude the
patent owner from enforcing against another.  The folklore about the loss of
intellectual property rights that we are all familiar with (aspirin, zippers,
etc.) are all cases of trademark losses.
Tom is a law student, not a lawyer; also, I am a few days behind on my
Extropians reading so I don't know whether any follow-ups or corrections
were posted since his message.  But this principle seems to be in accordance
with what was posted here about selective enforcement of patents.
If this is in fact how patents behave, it is one less justification for
PKP's heavy-handed enforcement efforts against PGP.  It means that PKP could
choose not to enforce against PGP (or any other freeware program) without
losing any rights to enforce against others.  It would be interesting to
hear an authoritative opinion on this from a lawyer.

@_date: 1993-05-01 22:27:08
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Apology and clarification 
I want to clear up any misconceptions raised by my message about possible
changes in Cypherpunks policies and practices.
The various possibilities that I raised, such as forbidding discussion
of patent-infringing projects at Cypherpunks meetings, or endorsing future
PKP crackdowns on infringers, were completely my own conceptions.  They
were not meant to represent actual suggestions raised by Tim, Eric, or
anyone else.  Rather, they were my own extrapolations and extensions of
what I viewed as positions being advocated on the list.
But I see now that I went too far in drawing these extensions, especially
given that the actual statements being made here bore little resemblance to
the suggestions I made.  The "straw man" positions which resulted were so
extreme as to discredit anyone who would favor them.  I hope no one will
assume from my message that any list member advocates those views.
I may have responded with excessive emotion to recent proposals here,
coming as they do on the heels of the threat raised by Clipper.  I do
feel a sense of commitment to the PGP effort despite my current relatively
inactive state there.  My reaction was perhaps overly defensive.  I'll try
to keep a clearer head in the future and react only to actual threats rather
than imagined ones.

@_date: 1993-05-09 11:47:17
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Random TSR 
We had some discussion on the list a few months ago about hardware
RNG's.  As I recall, there were problems feared with the Zener diode noise
generators involving coupling to other EM signals that might add regularity
to the noise.
Hardware random numbers are useful, not so much to fill one time pads,
with their attendant problems with distribution, but rather as session
key generators for Diffie-Hellman key exchange or RSA-type public key
programs.  This is one of the weak points of PGP, in my opinion; it times
keystrokes when you first generate your public key, but then from then
on it just uses and re-uses those same random numbers.  (It does mix
in the time of day for each message sent, but as pointed out on the
PGP developers' list, this may not add that much randomness.)
Each time you send a message, it has to generate a random session key,
which it uses to encrypt your message, sending this random key RSA-
encrypted at the head of your message.  How random are these session keys?
PGP is still re-using the same random information I supplied many months
ago.  There is no KNOWN way to exploit this lack of randomness but it is
still worrisome.
Perry Metzger mentioned that he deletes his randseed.bin file every night.
This causes PGP to ask him for new keystroke timings every morning when
he first runs it.  This adds a new daily dose of randomness to the program
but it is kind of a pain to do.
This is where a hardware RNG would be really useful.  Use it to generate
your session keys and you don't have to worry too much about someone
breaking your message by intelligent key guessing.
RIPEM goes to greater lengths than PGP in trying to find good random
bits.  It has options to scan your filesystem or to use network information,
both of which are presumed to be randomly changing.  These approaches are
more suitable for a multi-user workstation than for a regular PC, though.
I had an idea for the PC environment which I don't think I've seen before.
(Apologies if I'm regurgitating someone else's idea.)
Have a TSR which just extracted random information from your use of the
PC.  Do keystroke timing all the time, check disk block contents and
locations.  Record this information and periodically pass it through MD5
then store it in a file.  This file would basically hold entropy extracted
from how you use your PC.  PGP could then read this file (you could even
have the file be PC's randseed.bin, making it compatible with current
versions of PGP) to get its random bits for session keys.
This does not sound like it would be that hard, although the few attempts
I have made to write TSR programs which hooked into DOS calls have not
been terribly robust.  One technical issue is how much randomness or
entropy exists in each event.  This has been discussed in some detail on
the PGP developers' list, but a simple solution would be to just ignore
that problem and constantly merge in your new random bits with those in
the file.  Once you've gotten enough "true" randomness your file will be
fully random.  You won't know when that's happened but if your file isn't too
big and you use the computer quite a bit it will hopefully be fast enough.
Or, if you wanted to be more ambitious, I gather from the discussion on
pgp-dev that you could collect statistics on the intervals between key-
strokes and use these to estimate the amount of random information per
keystroke.  Then you could have a call to the TSR to tell how much random
information is available in the file.
This program could be constantly running in the background, unobtrusively,
collecting and distilling the randomness you are discarding all the time.
Randomness is precious; it's time to stop wasting these bits!
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-05-19 09:22:44
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: BBSs under fire! 
I agree with Stanton that BBS's have a rather unsavory image in the media
and the public at large, compared with Usenet.  A lot of people think of
BBS's as meeting grounds for malicious hackers, whereas most people have
never heard of Usenet.  Here are some possible reasons for the difference:
1) BBS's are often used by kids.  Parents see them using the computer to
access BBS's.  Usenet is available mostly to college campuses, research
labs, and corporations.  Lay people never see it operating.  Usenet is
largely based on Internet, which exists for research purposes.
2) People who use Internet tend to be college students and professional
adults.  They are more articulate and better able to defend their interests
than most BBS users.
3) Usenet is decentralized but largely accountable.  People who post
objectionable material can be traced and recorded.  On BBS's most posters
are completely anonymous - only the operators are known.  Perhaps the govern-
ment feels more comfortable being able to monitor those who post material
it doesn't want to see.
And there are many cases where people have gotten into trouble for Usenet
postings.  A few months ago there was discussion on comp.org.eff.talk about
a student at a large Northeastern university who got in legal trouble for
posting possible child porn, including visits from the FBI.  A few weeks
ago in comp.admin.policy there was discussion about someone who posted what
could be interpreted as a desire that Clinton die, and whose office was visited
by the Secret Service shortly afterward.  These things could not be done on
a BBS, or only the operator could be investigated.
Note also that our efforts for providing anonymity on Usenet threaten this
capability.  It's interesting to see how many of the vested interests on
Usenet (system operators and such) opposed anonymity and have been working
to shut it down.
4) All Usenet traffic could be monitored from a central location.  To monitor
all postings on all BBS's would be far more difficult.  There could be all
kinds of wild things being discussed on random BBS's here and there and the
government would never know about it.  This isn't true of Usenet.
5) Some BBS's have had illegal activities as their major purpose, including
telephone fraud (exchanging stolen credit card numbers).  Such activities
would not be possible on Usenet.
6) BBS's often have cute or clever names that make them sound frivolous or
childish.  Usenet newsgroups and systems have functional names.  Here is
a list of local BBS systems I found:
            The Birdhouse BBS
            The Bowhead Whale BBS
            Buddha's Place BBS
            The Cat's Meow Network
            /dev/bbs
            Eco BBS
            The Enright House
            Enterprize BBS
            Fat Aggies
            The Haunted Castle of Alchemists
            The Haunted Manor
            Idiots Eternal
            Legal Plus Service BBS
            The Library Annex
            Manhattan
            Network XXIII
            Prevailing Winds Research BBS
            Reality Ltd.
            Santa Barbara Jaycees BBS
            SBCC BBS
            Swagland BBS
            The Seaside
            The Silican Embassy
            The Thunder Penguin
            The Wett BBS
            The Wimp
There are some legitimate-sounding systems here, but a lot of them sound like
they don't have a useful purpose.
In making these comparisons I don't mean to attack BBS operators or users,
just to identify some differences in perception between BBS's and Usenet,
which after all do have a lot of similarities in how they are used.
I think that as more BBS systems connect to the net the line between BBS's
and Usenet will blur.  Also, if our efforts succeed to provide anonymity
on the Internet the government will not be able to track objectionable
postings to their source.  Probably at that time Usenet itself will be
attacked due to the threat it will present to those in power.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com

@_date: 1993-05-25 01:02:18
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Digital cash issues... 
Reading the article in the Whole Earth Review reminded me of our
discussions several months ago about digital cash.  I would be interested
in seeing an implementation of digital cash suitable for email or Internet
Chaum is working on "off-line" cash systems, where you don't have to check
with the bank for every transaction.  But I think there are problems with
this in the network environment.
The big issue in digital cash is double-spending.  Someone could send the
same piece of cash to more than one seller.  (We say "double-spending" but
really it could be triple- or worse.)  Each seller can check that the cash
was properly signed by the bank and not a forgery, but if they honor the
cash only one of them can be reimbursed by the bank.
On-line systems require the sellers to check with the bank to make sure
a particular piece of cash has not been spent before.  As long as the bank
handles such queries sequentially, and adds each piece of cash to a database
of "spent cash" as it sends an "OK" response back to a seller, then each
piece of cash can only be spent once.  Double-spending is prevented.
Off-line systems are more complicated.  They are designed so that the
anonymity of the spender is lost if the cash is double-spent.  This is
achieved by having an exchange of messages between seller and spender,
in which the seller specifies some random information and the spender
responds based on the seller's message.  Chaum's fancy mathematics guarantees
that the spender's anonymity is protected if he only uses each piece of
cash once.  But if he uses it twice, the random information will be
different for each transaction, and this will cause him to reveal more
information about himself, enough information that the bank can deduce
his identity.
This process is problematical in the Internet environment, though.  The
need for a protocol between spender and seller might be tolerable for
systems with direct TCP connections, but the universe of potential
users of cash is much larger than this.  I think it will be necessary for
cash to work just via email.  And in that case the requirement for
three messages (spender to seller, seller to spender, spender to seller)
for every transaction will be very cumbersome.
Also, if double-spending is discovered it's not clear what you do about
it.  Ideally, if the customer has a large enough bank balance to cover
the extra spending the bank can just dip into the account (once the
customer's anonymity is broken by Chaum's algorithms) and pay off the
sellers.  But if this is not the case then it isn't clear who would
take the loss or what legal redress the bank would have against the
customer.  All this seems to require some legal infrastructure which
would delay the acceptance of digital cash.
In an on-line system, transactions are somewhat easier.  Customers send
cash to sellers, sellers check the cash with the bank, and proceed
with the sale.  There are still three messages, but two of them are with
the bank, so it is simpler because these always go to the same place.
Spenders have it especially easy as they just send off their cash.
So, I would think an on-line system would be more appropriate for the
net environment as it exists today.
Another big issue is the legality of cash.  How legitimate does an initial
implementation of digital cash need to be?  PGP's acceptance has been
hampered by its infringement of patents.  Digital cash would have a worse
time of it, probably; it infringes on RSA (for the bank signatures) as
well as Chaum's patents.  In the Whole Earth article Chaum indicated that
he had the whole field pretty well locked up with patents.
With PGP we can at least make a moral argument that non-commercial, personal use
should be OK, but it's not clear that the concept "non-commercial" can really
apply to digital money.  Even if it could, RSAREF does not provide at all
the functionality that is needed since it is the direct mathematics of RSA
that provides the basis for blind signatures.  So one would need to get
permission to call the "pure RSA" entry points in RSAREF.  Then some kind
of agreement would be needed with Chaum.  This is quite a daunting list.
Whether you satisfy the patent lawyers or just decide to go with an under-
ground approach, you then have the issue of backing the cash and the tax
consequences.  When I looked into this several months ago it looked to me
like a digital cash system would be much like the "barter exchanges" which
have been tried from time to time, and which have stringent tax reporting
requirements, with associated serious penalties.  England is apparently
less strict about this than the U.S., with several cases of barter exchanges
having been publicized recently.  Perhaps that would be a better forum for
launching a cash system.
As for backing, I believe that the best way to give digital cash value is
to make it possible to exchange it for regular cash.  If you know that
you can take received digital cash, email it to the bank, and receive a
check in the mail a few days later for that amount, you will be likely to
accept it.  I have a Disney Dollar on my desk for which it is possible to
take it to a Disney store and exchange it for a regular dollar.  If the
same thing can be done for digital cash then I think it will be accepted.
All told, there are a lot of obstacles standing in the way of digital cash.
The technology is complicated, patent issues arise at every turn, and
the complexity of the tax and banking laws will have to be faced.  It's
not clear how soon we can expect to be able to tackle these problems.

@_date: 1993-05-25 09:18:20
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Steganography... 
Kevin Brown makes some interesting points about steganography and
steganalysis.  The issue of recognizing whether a message has or might
have a hidden message has two sides.  One is for the desired recipient
to be clued that he should try desteganizing and decrypting the message,
and the other is for a possible attacker to discover illegal uses of
Steganography should be used with a "stealthy" cryptosystem (secret key
or public key), one in which the cyphertext is indistinguishable from a
random bit string.  You would not want it to have any headers which could
be used to confirm that a desteganized message was other than random noise.
This would allow some public standard to be used for steganizing messages.
Ideally, the standard would be chosen so that typical real messages, when
desteganized by the standard technique, would produce close to a random
bit pattern.  Maybe Kevin's idea about taking the parity of each (four-
letter or greater?) word in the message would work.
With stealthy cryptography and a "random" standard steganographic technique
people could use steganography without much fear that their messages will
attract attention, or that they could be proven to be using this technology
just by analysis of their messages.  Only the desired recipient would discover
the hidden message by achieving success in decrypting the random bit string
that comes from the desteganography.  He would have to try this on all messages
and it would only work on those fraction with hidden messages aimed at him.
A big problem right now is that none of Kevin's proposed approaches seem to
be capable of being fully automated.  I don't think that word substitution
can be done safely, at least not by some simplistic algorithm.  Words have
many meanings and it is not easy for software to choose an appropriate
synonym.  This is a similar problem to machine translation, and I think those
systems still require a lot of human supervision.
In the olden days, spies used the "window" method of steganography.  They
had a piece of paper with randomly-scattered holes in it.  They would put it
on top of another piece of paper and write their secret message in the holes.
Removing the "window" paper left a sheet of paper with some widely scattered
letters.  The spy then wrote a cover message among the letters, choosing his
words so that the letters fit in.  The recipient then had a paper with the
same window positions so that he could read the message.
We could do a similar thing - position the letters of a hidden (and encrypted)
message at every 5th (or 10th, or whatever) position, and have a special word
processor that let you compose a message but allowed you to see the forthcoming
stega letters so that you could try to make your words fit around them.  This
might be harder than for the paper case because we have no ability to change
the spacing of our letters in order to fit around the fixed letters more easily.
Steganography will be more labor-intensive than ordinary encryption.  You
have to write two messages: the encrypted one you want to send, and a cover
message that is five to ten times longer.  Plus you may need to massage the
cover message to one degree or another depending on how automatic the stego
insertion is.  This might be reasonable if crypto is outlawed and you are
part of an underground group fighting the government, but for ordinary use
I don't see how to make it both easy and safe.

@_date: 1993-05-31 07:39:38
@_author: Hal 
@_subject: Clipper harmful to CPs? 
Headline: "Clipper Considered Harmful"
...so what else is new, huh?
But I was thinking specifically of Cypherpunks.  Reading the article
about the group in the Whole Earth Review, an article written before
the advent of the Clipper proposal, reminded me of all the things we
were working on before the Clipper forced them onto the back burner.
Anonymous mail, anonymous posting, steganography, digital cash, whistle-
blowers, encryption itself - all the ingredients of Tim's "crypto anarchy" -
in many of these areas it seemed we had a certain amount of momentum which
has been lost.  If "Cypherpunks write code", how much code has been written
lately?  Now it seems like our motto is changing to "Cypherpunks write
letters", to their congressmen.
Things are not all black; Miron Cuperman has recently released his encrypted
talk program based on PGP technology, and Kevin Brown's postings on stega-
nography had some interesting ideas, although they need some development
before anything could be coded.  But for the most part progress in our
previous areas of attention has been slowed if not halted.
This can only be welcome to the forces which created the Clipper.  Even if
the chip fails, they have at least succeeded in distracting the underground
crypto community, dividing it to some extent (to PGP or not to PGP?), and
delaying the prospect of having to deal with a fully functioning infrastructure
for true anonymity and privacy.
I know Clipper is an important threat, and I know that many in the Cypherpunks
community have helped lead the battle against the chip.  But I am encouraged
by the widespread opposition to the proposal among technically sophisticated
people - not just on the net, but in the trade press as well.  The right
groups (EFF, CPSR, etc.) are asking the right questions, and Rep. Markey
is turning up the heat in Washington.
The battle is not yet won, but there is only a limited amount of leverage
available in the political process.  Our main skills are technical, not
political.  I contend that our efforts are better spent putting the technology
into people's hands, per the group's original charter.  We should be working
to create new tools which will increase the average computer user's access
to strong privacy.  We should be pushing the envelope of what is possible
today, exploring and experimenting with implementations of these new ideas.
I claim that our best response to the threat posed by Clipper is a hearty
"screw you" and a rededication to the Cypherpunks goals.  Let the powers that
be know that we are not intimidated or cowed by their threats.  We must
continue to oppose Clipper, but at the same time we must make progress on
the crypto privacy front.  Otherwise our opponents are winning, regardless of
the eventual political outcome.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
