
@_date: 1993-04-28 19:03:43
@_author: William Oldacre 
@_subject: Help find this shareware! 
PLEASE HELP ME LOCATE THE FOLLOWING SHAREWARE AND IT'S AUTHORS.
The following shareware was removed from Compuserve Information Service because a sysop feared it might be downloaded by someone outside of the United States and get him in trouble.
 1 DES Documentation for DESJWW.ZIP
     IBMPRO/C and C++ [P]  DESJWW.DOC
 2 Data Encryption Standard (in MSC v5.0)
     IBMPRO/C and C++ [P]  DESJWW.ZIP
 3 Knapsack Public-Key Encryption System
     IBMPRO/C and C++ [P]  KNAPSA.ZIP
 4 Confide - encryption/decryption program (DES)
     IBMSYS/File Utilities [S]  CONFID.ARC
 5 The Private Line (tm)
     IBMSYS/File Utilities [S]  TPL.ARC
 6 The Private Line Documentation
     IBMSYS/File Utilities [S]  TPLDOC.ARC
I am trying to do a survey of ALL data encryption shareware, especially that based on the DES or RSA algorithm (I have PGP).  Can you help?  Please contact William Oldacre at:
     76114.2307 at Compuserve.com
              or
     William H. Oldacre
     6208 N.W. 132nd St.
     Gainesville, FL 32606
     904-332-3010

@_date: 1993-06-12 18:49:16
@_author: William H. Oldacre 
@_subject: 8088/PGP failures. 
I live in Central Florida which experiences more lightning discharges than almost anywhere else in the country (excepting certain mountain tops).  We are now entering our most violent season.  Yesterday, a semi-trailer was struck on I-75 at a Gainesville exit and had both front tires blown out and his front window shattered.  In Florida, you are roughly thirteen times more likely to be killed by lightning than win any single entry in the Florida lottery (lottery odds: 13.9 million to one).  My home has been directly struck by lightning and suffered heavy damage.
This may help to explain to those who authored the sentences above why I still employ an 8 MHz, 8088 based, Sanyo MBC-775 computer as my primary communications computer (no hard drive).  Not counting the disfunctional Honeywell mainframe in the garage, I have over a dozen computers.  Why risk a more expensive (and failure prone) system when it's sophistication is not necessary?
PGP 2.2 works perfectly on my unit.  I suggest that the lockup problem may be more related to the many different approaches to writing an IBM compatible ROM BIOS, rather than to the processor used.

@_date: 1993-05-01 11:07:22
@_author: William Oldacre 
@_subject: A legal way to use RSA! 
A Legal Way To Use RSA
                     ----------------------
There is a LEGAL way to establish the free use of PGP and the RSA algorithm by anyone who wishes to preserve their constitutional right to privacy.  No licensing or fees are involved.
The RSA algorithm is not copyrighted software, it's a patented technique (presumably in the form of a mathematical algorithm).  Under patent law, it is legal to manufacture anything that someone has patented for your own use.  If the item is an improved can opener, for example, then you can make one for yourself directly from the patent office drawings if you like.  You cannot offer them for sale.  So anyone is free to create a computer program which utilizes
the RSA algorithm so long as it's just for them.
All mathematical equations, no matter how large and complex, consist of smaller terms or sub calculations.  In the instant case of the RSA algorithm, these smaller terms consist of prime numbers, Euler's quotient function, and operations like calculating the greatest common divisor and modular arithmetic.  It's all about as patentable as long division.  No one could be prevented from using such ordinary PGP performs other tasks besides RSA related calculations.  It supports IDEA and XXENCODE which are in the public domain.  So it's only necessary to rewrite the RSA section to avoid conflict with the patent.  This could be accomplished by arranging the section into a few mathematical modules or "building blocks."  These could then be rearranged by the user into several different configurations for encryption ------ with only one supporting the actual RSA algorithm.  After all, large prime numbers can  legitimately be used as keys for almost any encryption technique and the arithmetic operations may be called as subroutines for a variety purposes.  By stacking the un patentable "building blocks" into the particular sequence which implements the RSA algorithm, the users would, in essence, be employing their own tools (the computer and it's software) to create a copy of the RSA algorithm for their individual use.  Programming skills would not be required since the inexpert user could simply employ a setup program and select from a menu of different encryption modes.  Alternatively, a DEBUG script could be circulated separately to appropriately reshuffle the object code.
Legal action to prevent such a program from being distributed could be very difficult.  What reasonable argument could be set forth against someone using the mathematical functions?  Arguing that someone -might- use the program to create RSA would make no more sense than arguing that a drill press -might- be used to make a patented can opener.  Besides, if it's legal for someone to make their own can opener, how can it be illegal to sell them the tools and materials to do it with?  Providing instructions on how to do it can hardly be attacked because the U.S. Patent Office, itself,
publishes the plans (technically, they appear to violate the law whenever they send copies outside U.S. borders).  By now, you get the point.  There's a well anchored legal loophole in the patent law big enough to sail a ship through.  It may render patents of formulae used in computer software worthless (as they ought to be).
I sympathize with Public Key Partners.  The venture must have looked awfully good on paper, but their position is fundamentally untenable.  Sooner or later the subject of their exclusive rights over RSA will reach the courtroom.  There is legal precedent for allowing private corporations to market products developed with public funds.  However, a case might very well be made that MIT erred in granting an exclusive license.  It would be to the greater public good (the underlying principal) to release RSA into the public domain so a range of competing businesses could provide it to the public.  Because the right to privacy is involved, rather than valves for a rocket engine, a federal court could take licensing entirely out of Massachusetts' and MIT's hands if any federal funds could be traced to RSA's development.
Once in court, it will make the newspapers.  A private company profiteering from something the taxpayers paid for ----- denying privacy to the average American with heavy handed tactics.  The simple fact is, I don't like it and I have a feeling most people won't like the sound of it.  The press, a major user of electronic mail and a jealous guardian of sources, is not likely to take a sympathetic stance.  There is a large organized body of opposed computer users poised to launch letter writing campaigns and many congressional "waste slayers" are apt to show real interest in the matter.  Foundations which fund lawsuits on freedom issues abound.  As courtroom and legislative arguments are raised against the license or patent, what foolish company is going to risk paying the license fee?  The RSA license quivers on a bowl of Jello.
I know financial misadventure when I see it.  I'm glad none of my money is invested in Public Key Partners.
Bon Voyage!

@_date: 1993-05-02 21:08:40
@_author: William Oldacre 
@_subject: A LEGAL way---maybe! 
One of the first attornys I ever had used to build steam engines as a hobby.  He would purchase a kit of basic castings somewhere and then machine them into beautiful working models.  Some of the designs were covered by modern patents.  That's where I first heard of the "if for private use" principal.  It was reaffirmed, some years later, by an attorney working for one of the large law firms next to the U.S. Patent Office.  I'd designed several electronic circuits, one of which (the simplest and clearly
unpatentable) had appeared on the front cover of Popular Electronics magazine.  I was concerned about another which might be patentable.  I came away from our discussion with the impression that there was nothing to stop someone who wanted to build a single copy of a patented design for themselves.  (I came away from my first attempt at a patent search with a headache.)
Yesterday, I was delighted when this small bit of knowledge seemed to have some practical application, i.e. legally bypassing a frivolous patent and putting a good encryption program in the hands of an exposed public. So today I decided to spend some time at the Univ. of Fla. law library to get the actual statute numbers and case law background.  (Sigh) I didn't have much luck.  Three hours wasn't nearly enough time to research roughly 80 feet of shelf space filled with patent law.  But I couldn't confirm what I said yesterday and I'm hoping that I haven't miscontrued something called the "public use doctrine."  Tomorrow I'll try to get a legal opinion on the matter.  If what I said yesterday turns out to be wrong, there remains an important point to consider.  Finding legal ways to sidestep patents is the name of the game.  It may even encourage further innovation.  What makes patent law such a lucrative field is not the four inches of shelf space devoted to the actual law itself, but weight of the seventy nine feet eight inches of case law next to it.  There was a lot of encouraging background there.  Something like fifty percent of all patents in litigation are overturned.  And misuse is an excellent way to overturn one.  Interference is another.  CypherPunks has something that Public Key Partners doesn't.  An organization of motivated people who can devote hundreds of person hours to putting the RSA patent under a microscope.  To pay someone to do that amount of research would cost a fortune.  If you put all of the skills each of us has down on paper it would take a sizable corporation to equal it.  And, the high speed communications network is already in place.  I think it's time the organization was less a shrill chorus of skeptics and more of a cavalry charge.  By now, Phil Zimmermann and some others would find us a welcome sight coming over the hill top.  If we break the PGP/RSA problem into managable pieces and divide ourselves into working groups something is bound to turn up.  And then there is the press.  Magazine articles and news releases will get the public and legislators involved.  Don't think this won't work.  Remember the guy in Colorado three years ago with a perfectly worthless generator that produced more energy than it used?  He got the legislature to force the N.B.S. to examine it over their ongoing objection.  The arguments I've heard on this newsgroup are sound.  You don't like the chill that has come over public cryptography, I don't like it, and the public won't like it either.  Forget how the law is written, patent laws have been in a constant state of flux since their inception.  Allowing patents on ordinary mathematics was mistake that has to be rectified. To start with, I need something.  Does anyone out there have the actual patent numbers for the RSA and DHM (Diffie-Helman-Merkle?) patents so I can order copies?

@_date: 1993-05-03 10:02:41
@_author: William Oldacre 
@_subject: RSA patent! 
Enclosed is the essential text of the "RSA" patent.  Now it's time to go to work.
1)  (Interference) Is there anything in history wherein someone created a cypher consisting of two parts which could only be broken when they were combined mathematically?  Or how about a wax seal created by impressing two images, one after the other-----verifying 2)  (Interference) Stripped of it's turgid language, does the basic equation fit any other ordinary operation such as factoring some type of equation.  Is there some routine mathematical operation in number theory which resembles it?
3)  (Invalidity) is there any part of the description language that could be interpreted two different ways?
4)  (Misuse)  a) Were any federal funds used in this project?  Somebody at MIT needs to dig into the public documents there.  b) If so, was the government irresponsible in licensing something so useful to the public to a company (in which they are a partner) which makes it's use by the public difficult?  Can any evidence be found that this was deliberate?
5)  (Misuse)  Does RSA telling Phil Zimmermann that they will "never" license PGP to use RSA constitute monopolistic abuse?
6)  (Misuse)  The underlying purpose of the patent system was to encourage the creative genius for the benefit of the public.  Has the public benefited in this case?
7)  Keep thinking, and volunteer to take on some aspect of this and research it.  Most research is not done by attorneys but, rather, by assitants who simply assemble the case histories for them to work from.  By doing this work ourselves, any attorney or company wishing to challenge this patent in court is halfway there.
   1475889   2329848  E/ CRYPTOGRAPHIC COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM AND METHOD
   --
A communications system for transferring a message signal Mi comprising k terminals, wherein each terminal is characterized by an encoding key Ei (ei, ni) and decoding key Di (ei, ni), where i 1,2, . . . ,k, and wherein Mi corresponds to a number representative of a message signal to be transmitted from the ith terminal, ni is a composite number of the form ni pi X qi Pi and qi are prime numbers, ei is relatively prime to 1 cm(pi-1,qi-1), di is a multiplicative inverse of ei(mod(1 cm((pi-1),(qi-1)))) wherein a first terminal includes means for encoding a digital message word signal MA for transmission from said first terminal (i A) to a second terminal (i B), said first terminal including: means for transforming said message word signal MA to one or more message block word signals MA', each block word signal MA being a number representative of a portion of said message word signal MA in the range 0 < OR = MA < OR = nB-1, means for transforming each of said message block word signals MA'' to a ciphertext word signal CA, CA corresponding to a number representative of an encoded form of said message block word signal MA'', whereby: CA identical MA''eB(mod nB).

@_date: 1993-05-09 10:07:36
@_author: William Oldacre 
@_subject: RNG from zener is easy. 
This posting is in response to Liam's earlier message on creating a random number generator using a zener diode.  I breadboarded such a circuit over year ago and it worked fine.  Zener diodes, operated in their zener region with a reverse voltage generate electrical noise much like a "noise diode".  This can be amplified and shaped using a single quad op amp package to create what appears to be a very random data stream.  Best way to use this would be to shift it into an eight bit latch before reading the parallel port.  Depending on design, it's operation is much (MUCH) faster than a pseudo random number generator written in software.  It can fill a floppy disk so fast that the main limitation  is the writing speed of the disk drive.
A simple XOR with the message text is enough to create an unbreakable cyphertext.  Problem is, that both parties have to have exact copies of the random numbers since they cannot be regenerated as with pseudo random numbers using a key.  What is needed is a way to encrypt the random numbers so that they can be sent to someone else to use.  This would be hard to decode, because it would be difficult to know when success had been achieved.  If it is being tested against a message text, the loss of one byte shifts everything to that the text becomes gibberish again.
I'm glad Liam brought this up.  It is a good way to produce an absolutely unbreakable code.  This, providing the design is good and no patterns are allowed to appear (introduced by amplifier oscillation or nearby noise sources) in the generated numbers.  If there is any interest out there perhaps we (Liam or I) could produce a few for testing.
