
@_date: 2001-07-03 12:16:01
@_author: 12th.BL.&.CL.Symposium@toad.com 
@_subject: Symposium, Cambridge, UK; April 2002 
If you have received this email in error or do not wish to receive further information about the Symposium please reply to this message with the word REMOVE in the subject line. Please accept our apologies for troubling you. Thank you.
FIRST ANNOUNCEMENT
12th International Symposium on Bioluminescence & Chemiluminescence
Symposium website: DATES:  5-9 April 2002
VENUE:  Robinson College, University of Cambridge, UK
This symposium, which is held in association with the International Society for Bioluminescence & Chemiluminescence (ISBC), is the next in the biennial series that was started in 1978.
The content will again be broad, and include all aspects of fundamental and basic science as well as the wide range of applications that now depend on these technologies.
The Symposium will be held in April 2002 at Robinson College, University of Cambridge, UK. Robinson College is well designed to host conferences and has excellent en suite accommodation. All Symposium activities will be held at the College. More details about Robinson College can be found at The Symposium will start the evening of Friday 5 April and finish at midday Tuesday 9 April.  Registration and accommodation details are available at  Those who register for the Symposium by 19 November 2001 (this date is also the Abstract deadline date) will get a preferential rate and current Members of the ISBC are entitled to a further reduction.
The Symposium will consist of presentations (both oral and poster). There will be also be an exhibition of equipment and reagents.  Workshops are also planned.
Email: symposium at lumiweb.com.
Abstracts are invited for oral and poster presentations. Deadline for Abstracts: 19 November 2001. See  for further information.
Accepted abstracts will be published in the journal "Luminescence" (publisher, John Wiley & Sons).
SYMPOSIUM PUBLICATION
Manuscripts will be invited from authors making presentations and these will be published in a Proceedings volume which will be sent after the Symposium and free-of-charge to each registered delegate.
SYMPOSIUM PROGRAMME
The International Society for Bioluminescence & Chemiluminescence (ISBC) is taking responsibility for the scientific programme (Programme Co-Chairs: Professor Tony Campbell (University of Wales College of Medicine), Dr Phil Hill (University of Nottingham, UK) and Professor Peter Herring (Southampton Oceanography Centre, UK) Past President of ISBC).
TOPICS FOR THE SYMPOSIUM WILL INCLUDE (but are not restricted to)
(A) BASIC SCIENCE OF BIOLUMINESCENCE & CHEMILUMINESCENCE:
Bioluminescence: Ultraweak luminescence:
Organisms: (B) APPLICATIONS OF BIOLUMINESCENCE & CHEMILUMINESCENCE:
