
@_date: 1993-11-26 14:53:56
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Clipper update 
U.S. weights Clipper chip alternatives
by GEorge Leopold
Washington -- The clinton administration is readying a new encryption
policy that could help defuse industry opposion to introduction of the government developed Clipper chip by embracing commercial technologies as alterntives for netword security, according to government and industry
A National Security Council panel lead by George Tenet, psecial presidential
assistant for intelligence programs, is completing a broad review of government encryption policy with an eye toward empolying the Clipper chip,
as well as commercial alternatives, to ensure privacy and security on public networks.  Those would include the proposed electronic superhighway,
or National Information Infrastructure (NII).
Tenet could not be reached for comment on the review's status, but a U.S. official said last week the results of the seven-month National Security Council policy review will be announced soon.
The Clipper chip, backed by the National Security Agency and proposed by the Clinton administration in April as a new data-encryption standard, is widely viewed by industry critics as a fait accompli, since the spy agency
wants to use it to protect intelligence data.
Asked in an interview last Monday whether the policy review would result in
modification of the Clipper chip proposal, Micheal Nelson, special assistant
for information technology in the White House Office of Science and Technology
Policy, acknowledged the need to consider other encryption technologies for
network security, including software solutions.  He also said the government
should have sought greater industry participation before proposing the Clipper chip.
"Clipper is not a sliver bullet, it's not even a brass bullet," Nelson
said, "It's only one approach."
He added, "If we don't address these [network security] issues, people
won't use the NII."
Nelson said last week the National Security Council review was designed to bring industry and Congress into the process of looking for commercial
solutions, besides Clipper, to the network-security issue.  Industry groups
said last week they have contributed to the review, which began shortly
after Clipper was proposed.  The review is expected to result in a decision
on how to implement Clipper.
A decision on how to proceed with the Clipper proposal was scheduled for Sept. 1 but was delay in response to a recommendation from a private-sector
advisory group to the Commerce Department.
Clipper, which scrambles telephone conversatinos using an encryption algorithm called Skipjack, is at the heart of an adminstration initiative
annoumced in April on secure telecom networks and wireless communication
links.  Forced to balance the interests of campanies and private citizens with nation-security needs, President Clinton ordered a comprehensive review of
U.S. encruytion policy addressing:
* Privacy, including the need for voice and data encryption to protect
proprietary business data.
* The ability of federal law-enforcement officials to tap phones and * The employment of modern technology to build the NII, including encryption
technology needed to protect proprietary information transmitted over the information superhighway.
* The need for American companies to build and export high-technology products to boost U.S. competitiveness.  U.S. companies may offer encryption
as a feature in software sold in the United States, but are prohibited from
including encryption software in commercial software exports.  Proponents of decontrolling encrypted software argue that restrictions are useless because encryption technology is widely available (see Oct. 18, page 18).
Acknowledging industry's concerns, the initiative also includes creation
of a key-escrow system to ensure the Cliper chip would be used to protect
privacy. (A Commerce Department official said last week the government has dropped the Clipper moniker, referring to it instead as the "key-
escrow chip," out of convern for possible trademark infringement.)
Devices incorporation the chip would have two unique software keys government
investigators would need to decode encoded messages.  TWo key-escrow data
banks would be overseen by a pair of independent agencies designated by the
Justice Department and the White House.  A decision on which agencies will
oversee the detabases has not been made, Commerce spokeswoman Anne Enright Shepherd said last Wednesday.
According ot a White House statement announcing the encryption policy, "We
need the Clipper chip and other approaches that can both provide law-abiding
citizens with access to the encryption they need and prevent criminals from
using it to hide their illegal activities."
Despite the administration's insistence that Clipper and the rest of the encryption policy are voluntary efforts, many U.S. high-tech companies
have opposed it (see June 21, page 28).  Instead, they want policy makers
to retain the ubiquitous federal Data Encryption Standard (DES) and use other public-key encryption technologies, such as RC-2 and RC-4.  DES
uses a 56-bit key while Clipper employs an 80-bit key.
Clipper "was forced upon [the Clinton adminstration] before they had a chance to evaluate its impact," Bruce Heiman, a Washington attorney representing the Business Software Alliance, said last Tuesday.  "NSA
sold them a bill of goods."
The policy review means "they realize that Clipper has problems... but they
don't want to rule it out entirely," Heiman said, adding that industry
would accpet Clipper as one alternative to network security only if it is part of a truly voluntary program that includes public-key encryption.

@_date: 1993-10-03 09:28:58
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: a2 test 
This message is steganographically encrypted to look like a test.

@_date: 1993-10-31 15:23:44
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: NSA Security 
Seymour M. Hersh, writing in the November 1, 1993 _New Yorker_, comments:
"...current and former high-ranking officials with access to intelligence,
whose information has been extremely reliable in the past, specifically
told me that the National Security Agency, which is responsible for electronic intelligence, had produced no significant high-level intercepts
from Iraq in years.  American intellignece experts have concluded that
the Reagan Adminstration's policy of providing satellite and communications
intelligence to Iraq in the mid-nineteen-eighties had an unwelcome side
effect: the Iraqi intelligence service learned how to hide its important
communications from the N.S.A.'s many sensors."
I am posting this to help provide an insight into some of NSA's motivations.
If you think this is disinformation, consider the motives for creating it --
the insights are similar.

@_date: 1994-04-04 14:03:02
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: PHILL ZIMMERMAN ARRESTED [NOT] 
Eric argues simply that you can't get rid of annonymity, and he is correct in the strict logic of his aguement against the current technological background.
What neither of you discuss is your actual concern, which is that of having
some way to rapidly access the factual content of a message.  Instead
of addressing that problem, you rail against anonymity.  In current discourse one often sees symbolic or subsitute issues
being discussed, so that the underlying discourd is obscured, ignored, and unresolved.  Lions that stalk shadows remain hungry.

@_date: 1994-02-16 10:45:10
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: AT&T stopped talking to me 
I've had extensive experience with hardware vendors, and the behavior you describe is extreremely anomalous.  It is just barely possible that
your rep has quit, and his replacement hasn't picked up the slack yet.
On just the basic problem of getting the data sheets, you might have better
luck calling AT&T's literature department directly.  This works very well if
you have the part number of the data sheet, but just the part's id should get
you the info.  If the part is more than a few months past announcement, it's
data sheet has probably been bound up with a whole lot of other data sheets and
printed in some family book, which might be easier to ask for, and give you
some alternates to consider.
Or, you could ask some smiley friend ;+> to try to get the information
for you.
Buying the part shouldn't be as hard, they are required to sell to you.  However, if you are experiencing politics, beware of such things as deliverly
delays and a high percentage of bad parts in your shipment.  Going through
a distributor is probably enough to avoid most of these problems.  So, when can I buy your gadget?

@_date: 1994-01-03 15:04:07
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Clipper FOIA requests... 
I would like to publicly thank John Gilmore for his tireless pursuit
of this important issue.

@_date: 1994-03-03 09:55:24
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Dorthy Denning 
How did it happen that "we on the internet" was an unforseen force?
The first answer is obvious: they didn't realize that cohesive action would
arise out of the internet.
The second is not so obvous, but illuminates part of the Clipper strategy:
The Clipper promoters assumed the the issue to be beyond most citizen's
technical horizo.  However, the unexpected thing which happened was that the initial few who did understand rapidly interneted the information to others.i
Without the internet, the information, and opposition, would have spread more slowly. Cain observes that Denning and friends are afraid of the *unknown* that will come out of the new communications technologies.  The reaction to Clipper, and how developed, should convince them they are right.
-a2

@_date: 1994-05-04 12:06:36
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: The ITARs   [support your CRYPT-IN rights!] 
Perry E. Metzger responds:
This is exactly the sort of issue the Cypherpunks were formed to address.
CALL TO ACTION:
I suggest that those of us who are able to do so immediately lay plans to offer
such courses.  These courses should only contain open information, and they
be specifically advertised to foriegn nationals living in the US.
To the extent possible we should coordinate these courses, perhaps to content,
certainly to date and notification of the interested authorities.  The should happen in every corner of the land.  The time for the CRYPT-INs has come!
[No one who supports with the government's right to suppress publically
available information should participate.]

@_date: 1994-05-09 09:30:19
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: sufficantly advanced software... 
...is indistinguishable from a bug.
Sufficantly advanced hacking....
...is indistinguishable from a bug.
The Cypherpunks list has been wiped somehow...everyone was unsubscribed.
Send mail to majordomo at toad.com with "subscribe cypherpunks" in the
subject and as the first line of the message. If you are not on the cypherpunks list, or if you get multiple copies of this message, please ignore it... Mike
