
@_date: 1992-10-16 18:04:53
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Game items... 
re RU-486: has recently been proven to make a nifty "morning-after" pill (is
this abortion? only if you believe in the sanctity of blastula) and a study
in (I believe) S. CA. is beginning on effectiveness in brain tumors... seems
as if this drug has possible wide theropeutic (aw, who can spell?) uses
beyond directly sex-lined situations.  And RU-P5 is due out 2Q93.

@_date: 1992-10-16 18:46:46
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Game items... 
Abortion Pill's Potential Use on Tumors
             Adds to Debate Over U.S. Market Entree
             ----
             By Ron Winslow
             Staff Reporter of The Wall Street Journal
DD        10/12/92
SO        WALL STREET JOURNAL (J), PAGE B8
LP           LOS ANGELES -- Medical researchers are studying a potential new
       *  use for the controversial French abortion pill RU-486: treatment
       *  benign brain tumors.
             A large-scale clinical trial was launched at the University of
       *  Southern California last week to determine whether the drug
          effectively slows or halts growth of meningiomas, tumors that
       *  on the surface of the brain and spinal cord.
TX           The answer won't be known for several years, but the study adds
          another dimension to the debate over whether the drug, known as
          mifepristone, should be allowed on the market in the U.S.
          Rousell-Uclaf, its manufacturer, hasn't sought marketing approval
          the U.S. because of the heat of the political battle over
          The study raises the possibility that a drug that could benefit
          patients won't become available because of a political dispute
          another application.
             "There is a good chance there will be legitimate uses for this
          drug outside of contraception and abortion," said Steven Grunberg,
          an oncologist at the USC School of Medicine. "Whether U.S.
          regulatory officials feel this will be sufficient for licensing
          be up to them."
             A study published last week found the drug to be effective as a
          contraceptive when taken shortly after sexual intercourse. It is
          already used in France, the United Kingdom and Sweden to induce
          abortions within the first nine weeks of pregancy.
             Meningiomas account for 15% to 18% of all tumors in the central
          nervous system, and while they are benign -- meaning that they
          spread to other parts of the body -- their growth can lead to such
          problems as seizures, blindness or paralysis. Most can be removed
       *  surgery, but some grow so close to crucial brain structures that
          surgery isn't possible.
             Dr. Grunberg told reporters at a science writers' conference
          sponsored by the American Medical Association that the large-scale
       *  trial of RU-486 for the tumors comes after a small pilot study of
          patients turned up encouraging, though not definitive results.
             In the small study, eight patients experienced improvement in
       *  symptoms or had minor reduction in tumor size, according to brain
          scans. In a few other patients, growth of the tumor stabilized
          treatment began. While not overwhelming evidence of effectiveness,
          the results were nevertheless sufficient to persuade the Food and
          Drug Administration to approve a large study that will involve 200
          patients at several U.S. medical centers, and will be based at
          Dr. Grunberg said.
             Results from the trial aren't expected for at least four years,
          and based on current medical practice, only a small number of
       *  would probably benefit from use of RU-486 in meningiomas. The
          might have broader impact by drawing attention to other potential
          benefits of a drug that isn't available in the U.S. because its
          primary application is to induce abortion.
             Dr. Grunberg said the drug is also being studied as a treatment
          for breast cancer, endometriosis and a disorder called Cushing's
          disease, which is characterized by obesity and hypertension.
          other trials have been approved by the FDA, he added, though none
          has progressed as far as the meningioma study.
       *     He said his research team came upon RU-486 as a candidate for
          treating meningiomas because the drug blocks the action of
          progesterone, a hormone that appears to promote growth of the
          tumors. "We didn't set out to make a political statement for
       *  RU-486," he said. "It just appeared to fill the bill for what
          trying to do."

@_date: 1992-10-26 22:54:33
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Registering Keys with Big Brother 
Seems to me that there would be a certain amount of trouble with people
registering one private key but communicating with another they had forgotten to register.  Bad situation for my large sibling 'cause he wouldn't realize this until after the court order etc.  A good solution
would be BIG fines for mis-encryption and sampling of messages to make sure
they were properly formed -- for our own protection, of course.  And if
they happened to radomly sample something they didn't like... for instance finding my obviously excessive paranoia....

@_date: 1993-04-16 20:21:03
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: 1984 deja vu 
If you haven't heard about John Markoff's article yet, it'
cause you've been spending all your time reading Cypherpunks
instead of the front page of the Friday NY Times... read it
There's an awful lot to be said about this article, mostly we
know what it is, and mostly we agree about it.  This a major
social issue that must be corrected, so here's my proposal:
==> DON'T POST ANYTHING ABOUT THE MARFKOFF ARTICLE.  <==
We shouldn't waste time writing each other letters that we'll
learn nothing by reading.  We should spend that same time
writing to newspapers, congress people, phone companies,
Clinton, Gore, and anybody else who thinks they can get away
with this because they feel the citizenry either doesn't care
about or doesn't understand the issues. What I want to see in re this issue on this list is something
I don't already know, like the name and address of AT&T's
president's secretary -- s/he'll complain to the prez if
enough privacy mail arrives.
Be imaginative, be active, rattle cages, but telling me how
pissed you are won't change a thing, except to decrease the
time we're both spending on doing something effective.
Be effective.

@_date: 1993-04-21 16:09:53
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: The (very) next Saturday Meeting 
I will be presenting a short talk entitled: based on the hardware specs of this topical device.
p.s. I tried to get samples, but the price was $300,000 for 10,000 units,
and I didn't think that many pe

@_date: 1993-04-21 16:09:55
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: The (very) next Saturday Meeting 
I will be presenting a short talk entitled: based on the hardware specs of this topical device.
p.s. I tried to get samples, but the price was $300,000 for 10,000 units,

@_date: 1993-04-22 15:06:57
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: the WireTap Chip sobriquet 
Actually, this is the worst named product since GM decided to name an
electric car the "Impact" (they've since announced that they're not
going to make it.)
This device is very simply the "Privacy Clipper" chip ....
"nuf said"  -- Stan Lee

@_date: 1993-04-22 19:55:12
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Don't Piss on Me 
I refer you to my earlier posting requesting people to direct
thier fire at something that needs to be ignighted -- like
your local newspaper or local congress person or local
president -- but it's definately not the Cypherpunks mailing
We MUST NOT waste time writing each other letters that we'll
learn nothing by reading.  We should spend that same time
writing to newspapers, congress people, phone companies,
Clinton, Gore, and anybody else who thinks they can get away
with this because they feel the citizenry either doesn't care
about or doesn't understand the issues. What I'd like to see about the Privacy Clipper on this list is
something I don't already know, like the name and address of
AT&T's president's secretary -- s/he'll complain to the prez
if enough privacy mail arrives.  Better yet, how about more
copies of the letters to the uninformed that you have already
Be imaginative, be active, rattle cages, but telling me how
pissed you are won't change a thing, except to decrease the
time we're both spending on doing something effective.
Be effective.

@_date: 1993-04-22 23:06:32
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Meets 'n Greets 
If I was the LE and unwrapped a Privacy Clipper wrapper and found
further encryption, I'd know I had found "probable cause" to...

@_date: 1993-04-23 07:49:51
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Family Key 
At this time, there is no reason not to assume that every LE agency will
have access to the family key.
In the future there is every reason to expect that all LE agencies will
develope a pressing need for family key(s) and decrypto equiptment.
In the past in Nazi Germany, this sort of traffic analysis applied to
telephone call records allowed the LE agencies to round up cells of
resistance.  To this day, such records are not kept in Germany.

@_date: 1993-04-23 08:18:46
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Suits 
Though these missives were much longer than I'd like, they were
extremely interesting, with good points on each side....
...I seem to come down more on Tim's since "cypherpunks" is just a
mailing list, and I just can't get scared or insulted by ASCII no matter
how hard I try.  And the name might wakeup an sleepy reader in a print
In person (Perry's argument) a mailing list doesn't/can't have a
reprentative, else Dotty could subscribe and pass herself off as a
list member/representative.   Actually, people just represent themselves,
and have to be aware of how effective a presenter of their message
they are no matter what they are doing.

@_date: 1993-04-26 15:02:34
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: MYK-78 
For those awaiting my promised comments regarding this chip, I
have the disappointing report that the individual I
anticipated talking to was out of his town, and so not
available today.
If you have the data sheets for this chip, and have read them,
I would be very interested to see your comments. Please
respond to me directly, rather than the list at large, since
my intent in this exercise it to replace deduction with
disclosure, and avoid spreading any mis- or partial

@_date: 1993-04-27 09:37:01
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: A correction, and another motive for Clipper 
Your suggestion has the validity of strong logic: it fits all
the facts we know, leaves none out, and makes no external
In particular, while the rotten underbelly of society
(terrorists, drug runners, producers of TV sitcoms) would have
no compunctions about using further encryption within a
Privacy Clipper wrapper, a government employee or contractor
who did would be highly suspect, and -- knowing Big Uncle
might be listening -- would be restrained from performing
kick-back business as usual.  Is this the technological fix to
government corruption?
Following this theory, I am sure we would all applaud
legislation restraining the gov-guys from using non-Clipper
crypto.  The situation might come to resemble drug testing:
legally mandated for individuals in "public saftey" positions,
such as transportation workers and A-bomb builders, not
required where not justified.
The Attorney General is going to buy several thousand of these
things, she already has the money -- and probably a signed
contract with AT&T Greensboro -- and it's unlikely this can be
stopped.  What we can do is use it to our advantage.  This may be maneuvered into a no-lose situation for us, as...
either:      a. The government taps itself, corruption is uncovered,
and the national debt decreases.  Society agrees that public
officials don't deserve privacy, but citizens do.
     b. The government bureaucrats, seeing hard times coming,
reject Privacy Clipping for themselves, and so everybody --
gov and citizens -- retains their privacy. (This is judo: use
their weight against them.) Let me suggest this as a political position:
Clipper Privacy for the Government, real privacy for Private

@_date: 1993-04-27 14:58:59
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: A correction, and another motive for Clipper 
Of course the guys with the STU phones will keep them, this is Type II security, which is of a lower level.
The people who really need these phones are the civil servants in these
Veterans Affairs
...that is, people in positions to missapropriate funds, or create overly generous contracts with their future employers.  There is no
good argument that these functionaries shouldn't be Clippered, except
that nobody should be.  ""National Security"" doesn't apply here.
You also seem to be thinking with two cliches:
1. You can't fight city hall.
2. This is the way things have always been, this is the way they always
will be.
The guys who put this in motion certainly aren't thinking with 2), but they
sure are hoping you're thinking with 1).
Please expunge both of them from your mind and replace then with an appreciation of forces and masses: Judo.

@_date: 1993-04-27 22:36:15
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: MYK-78 
I've been stalking Mykotronx with phone and smail since right
after the announcement, and finally got through the guy who
kept telling me that I'd undertand if I just knew a little
more crypto, to the guy who really know what was going on and
wanted to tell me.  This is what I found out: Mykotronx MYK-78 has been identified as the Privacy "Clipper"
chip.  The "Clipper" name comes from Washington, and the guys
at Mykotronx know about the Intergraph chip.
The data sheets, as those of you who have read them know, are
confusing, incomplete and internally inconsistent.  This is
evident even if you do not consider that they are to implement
the social protocol described by Dorothy Denning (her
19-Apr-93 paper, as published in Cypherpunks).
After some discussions with Mykotronx, I was able to convince
them of the truth of the last paragraph and to have them
explain just what the chip was designed to do.  I would also
like to emphasize that these discussions revealed that the
poor quality of the documentation does not result from any
attempt to obscure the operation of the chip, they were very
forth coming and eager to discuss its operation.  The
deficiencies result more from the nature of a military
contractor's relationship to its one customer: the customer
understands how to use the chip so there's no pressure to get
it described carefully.  Going public was a bit of a surprise
to them, in fact the announcement was made during their
application engineer's vacation.  I am sure there is an
interesting story in this timing, but the people I was talking
to didn't seem to know it. On to the chip: You don't just hook up a clear-text bit stream to one end and
get a Denning-stream out the other.  It needs a bit of care
and feeding.
At startup it requires a Random Seed (8 bytes/64-bits) and a
crypto-variable CV (10 bytes/80-bits) for its DES-type
algorithm.  This is Denning's "skipjack" algorithm and, like
DES, is a symmetric key block cypher, which performs in all
the DES modes:
64-Bit Electronic Code Book (ECB)
64-Bit Cypher Block Chaining (CBC)
8/16/32/64 Bit Cypher Feedback
64-Bit Output Feedback (OFB)
In the last three modes the encryption of each block is
dependent on the previous blocks.  (If you care to know more
about DES modes, see FIPS-PUB 81 which is cited in the data
sheets.)  One other thing about Skipjack: Denning describes it as having
"32 rounds of scrambling" and this is supported by the data
sheet's timing charts, which note 64 clocks cycles to complete
an encryption.  Since this would operate on an 8-byte/64-bit
block, with the 15MHz internal clock we appear to have roughly
a 10M-bit/1.3MB transfer rate in encryption/decryption.  This
is fast enough for the average telephone, or several
telephones, or maybe a stereo CD.  It's probably just average
performance for 1 micron technology and some units clock up to
30MHz (they expect 0.8 micron eventually, with improved
Back to the Crypto-Variable, CV.  The CV is the session key,
is selected off-chip, and must always be accompanied by a 3
byte/24-bit checkword.  Where do you get the check word?...
you ask the chip! If you load a CV with a bad checkword, the
chip sets its ERROR line -- oh, sadness.  But then you can
read out a good checkword, and subsiquently reload the same CV
with the good checkword (happy now?).  The checkword is
actually just the first three bytes from an application of
Skipjack to the CV.
Do all this and the chip is loaded and ready for plaintext. You could just give it an Encryption command, and start
pulling cyphertext out the other side, but who would
understand it?  First you have to get the key information out
of the chip and send it to the chip on the other side of the
Skipjack is DES-like so to run a decryption mode on the other
chip we're going to have to send it the session key, CV, and
the Initial Vector, IV, which is the starting state of the
stream for the non-ECB modes of operation.  We selected CV
ourselves, and learned its checkword during the startup
experience, but where's IV?
Well, we generate it using "a feature not found in current DES
chips" (data sheet, 1-3).  And quite a feature it is, too.  We
use this command, Generate IV, and it makes all 8
bytes/64-bits of the IV, based on the Random Seed... But
That's Not ALL!
You issue the Generate IV command three (3) times to get the
full 24 byte/192-bit LEEF block.  LEEF = Law Enforcement
Exploitation Field.  (I wrote this down very carefully to be
sure I had it right.)  ...Actually, you issue a Read Data command after each Generate
IV command, but I won't bore you with details.  The first 8
bytes/64-bits are called L1 or LEEF-1, the second 8
bytes/64-bits are L2 or LEEF-2, and then here is the IV we've
all been waiting for, in its full 8 byte/64-bit glory.  You
probably noticed that LEEF is 24 bytes/192-bits long, and has
the structure [L1,L2,IV].  Mykotronx is not supposed to tell
us the structure of L1,L2.
The interesting thing is that [CV,checkword,L1,L2,IV] is a
self-checking unit.  The receiving chip checks it as it is
loaded.  If something is wrong, the chip sets its ERROR line. If CV is fermished, you have to get all the way to IV before
you're rasberried.  In transmitting this we are advised to
encrypt CV because it is, after all, the session key.  OK, so we are encrypting and the other chip is decrypting. Suppose something happens and the other chip wants to talk to
us, so that it encrypts and we decrypt.  It has all it needs
to encrypt and we have all we need to decrypt, but one more
thing has to be done.  We need to save the state of the
chaining cypher so we can resume it at the same place in the
chain when we return to encrypting.  Use the Save State
command, which pops out 8 bytes/64-bits of Saved State, SS, or
the current contents of the Skipjack encryption register.  To
make this a bit clearer, if we pulled the Saved State right
after Generate IV, we'd find SS = IV.
The chip's serial number is 4-bytes/32-bits long, not the 3.75
bytes/30-bits Denning reported, but don't worry, _you'll_
never see it.  It and the family key are written in over pins
Vpp1 and Vpp2, which are then burned out.  All chips are
currently planned to have the same family key, but if you
happen to meet a chip with a different family key and it sends
you [CV,checkword,L1,L2,IV], you could understand it.  That's the main part of what's missing from the data sheets. The rest works pretty much as described, and is at a level of
detail too fine to interest anyone except a compulsive
hardware wonk.  Oh, one more thing, on page 1-4 where the
Configuration Register is shown with two "Arm CV" bits, the
one at position D5 should be "Arm IV".
ps: I will be at a meeting the rest of the week, so please
don't expect me to respond to requests for clarification until
I return.  Sorry.

@_date: 1993-02-06 22:05:56
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: It's the Information, (that keeps you from being) Stupid! 
I strongly support this statement, particularly 3.

@_date: 1993-03-19 08:47:05
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Anonymity in the real world 
Re: Anonymity in the real world
Any of these
not fallen
Why not?
A lot of the stuff that appears on this list appears to come
from people glassey-eyed hypnotized by the "power" of the
internet, as if society had suddenly started behaving
differently because we now type over our telephones. Actually, this is an abuse of a technology, since it's much
quicker, and accurate, to talk over a telephone -- greater
bandwidth, for those who insist on describing people in
mechanical terms.
If all our desks were in the same large room, each in its own
little cubical, and we communicated by writing on pieces of
paper and magically passing them around, the effect would be
much the same as the internet -- except that the internet
saves about a forest per gigabyte.  For those who insist the difference is that the internet is
"free", let them remember that each person has either
purchased or is paying rent for their desk, but some of the
rent is in the form of labor, etc. In this large room there are many people I have never meet,
but who still send me pieces of paper.  The pieces of paper
have names on them, but since I have never meet the person who
sends me a particular piece of paper, the names mean nothing;
the sender is Anonymous to _me_, though I hope they have some
friends.  If I get enough pieces of paper from the same
person, I eventually come to recognize the name, and form some
expectations of what they have written on the piece of paper;
then the person is a Pseudonym to _me_, since I still have not
yet met that individual.  This does not seem to be a lot to argue over.
Suppose I now receive a piece of paper that says "Your doom is
coming! You have been using my pieces of paper to blow your
nose on!  I cannot let this insult go unpunished: You will die
at midnight!"  I could think: well, it's just a piece of
paper, there's no particular reason to be afraid of it.  I
could think: it's a large room, and this sender will have
trouble finding me, so my doom will never arrive.  I could
think: as with most of the people in the room, this sender has
never meet me, so my doom will not be able to recognize me.  But what do think is: I will arrange to have a policeman at my
desk at midnight, since it is still the real world.   This is my experience of the internet.
bandwidth expander: :-) starts here
Now I will tell a fable about the old use of the telephone.
Once upon a time, in a kingdom by the sea, the phone company
(TPC) wanted to sell the peasants' phone numbers to anybody
the peasants would call.  It was an easy way to make gold.
TPC said over and over again that peasants really enjoy doing
this. However, the peasants didn't want to join in the fun,
and insisted on having an option of deciding when TPC could
sell the phone numbers -- a cypherpunk might say the peasants
wanted to retain control of their anonymity.  TPC saw that most of the peasants wouldn't release their phone
numbers, and so there wouldn't be enough gold in it, and
decided not to offer this wonderful service, and the peasants
lived anonymously ever after...
...for about three days until the all the people in the
kingdom, suddenly drunk on the newfound anonymity, completely
overloaded and destroyed the phone system, by all lifting
their phones at once, to place bomb threats.

@_date: 1993-03-19 21:43:13
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Future Copy 
Somehow, I think some of the readers of this list will find
this interesting, I don't know why.
Popular Science: April 1993
"Color Copiers
Countering Counterfeiters
An unfortunate result of advances in color copiers is that it
is now easier to counterfeit currency.  To make it more
difficult, Cannon has developed two defenses.  One is a
currency-recognition technology similar to that used in
vending machines.  But Canon has enhanced the technology to
recognize a bill regardless of its orientation of it it's
among a clutter of material.  In a demonstration, a Canon
official tried to copy a Japanese bill.  The copier sounded an
alarm and spit out a piece of paper with a blackened rectangle
where the image should have been.
"Once a bill is recognized, we could do anything -- have the
machine stop, sound an alarm, or, it it's connected to a phone
line, call the police,' the official says.  The copier will
recognize as many currencies as possible.
A second feature traces counterfeiters of official documents. Each copier embeds a code into the copied image, which is
impossible to see.  A special scanner extracts the code and a
computer program then furnishes the copier's serial number,
allowing identification of the registered purchaser of the
With the new anti-counterfeiting technology, Canon can also
include a two-sided copying feature previously omitted from
its color copiers."
Of course, the second to the last paragraph is most
interesting, along these lines:
     a. how are they doing that?
     b. is this preserved on a second, third, etc. generation
     c. it is likely that computer scanning and OCR defeats
     c. anybody posting to whistleblowers should be aware of
these new machines, and learn how to identify them, and their
products.

@_date: 1993-03-22 14:57:05
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Idea 
I like that last one too, but who will bell the cat?

@_date: 1993-03-25 18:41:52
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: FREE: warning to "sci" anonymous posters 
Dear internaut at aol.com,
I note that the quoted posting, threatening use of an
"Automated Retroactive Minimal Moderation" to "restore the
pre-Julf status quo" is anonymous.  I assume you know the
identity of this poster...how delicate of you to conceal it.

@_date: 1993-03-25 19:01:42
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: Many Important Items in the News 
"Consenting adults" should be able to do whatever they want -- your
comments go to obtaining consent for anonymity.
Since on my good days I try to act like an adult, I support the truth
in labeling of anonymous postings as anonymous postings.

@_date: 1993-05-04 22:49:48
@_author: Arthur Abraham 
@_subject: MYK-78 
clear to
Sometimes I have a bit of trouble following Eric's written
syntax.  This
passage would make more sense if "can" was replaced by "must")
been sent
To quote myself: which means that these data items must be loaded in this order
(MSB first) and must all have been properly constructed via
the Skipjack algorithm, else the MYK-78 will yank on its ERROR
line.  To build a proper protocol, CV (= session key) and
checkword would be encrypted, and to be a proper citizen,
L1,L2,IV would be transmitted in the clear.
The funny thing is, that after loading the "self-checking
unit", and checking it,  MYK-78 will still accept a different
CV.  I specifically had this verified.  It will encrypt funny,
since the CV won't properly match the rest of the loading, but
it shouldn't be too hard to use this encryption mode. There are actually several ways to abuse this chip -- another
obvious one is tonever power it off,  and run with the first
LEEF you ever get -- it just seems to cry out in masochism.  A
real consumer crypto chip wouldn't be this flexible.
I hope to be able to say something about the true protocol for
law-abiding American citizens in the near future.
ps: though I will continue to post to Cypherpunks, if you wish
me to read something, please send it to me directly.
