
@_date: 2001-04-15 19:40:05
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: chaffing and winnowing 
Does anyone know of any serious work being done on developing the concepts of winnowing and chaffing, as outlined in Ronald L. Rivest's 1998 paper 'Confidentiality without Encryption'? (Or any other similar creative uses of MACs and authentication keys, for that matter? This line of thought certainly seems to have some interesting policy implications, particularly re. making the idea of forced key recovery obsolete. Any references to further papers or applications would be most welcome...thanks!
'We live in a century in which obscurity protects better than the law--and reassures more than innocence can.' Antoine Rivarol (1753-1801).

@_date: 2001-04-16 14:10:25
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: pro-privacy legislation or intel reform? was Re: chaffing and winnowing 
First: thanks for the links, david molnar! Great stuff. Quoting Bill Stewart :
Too bad, it certainly seems like an interesting approach.
Yep, I suppose so. Though it may be true that there would be greater public outcry over handing over authentication keys used for encryption, the argument rests on the idea that governments actually take anything the public says into And aside from the national policy question, there's always the spectre of black bag operations and the like. Unfortunately there are plenty of reasons to think this is the way things are headed: it stands to reason that everything we know about Echelon and Carnivore is just the tip of the iceberg, STOA reports notwithstanding. Do you really think your average Joe Schmoe has the proverbial snowball's chance of keeping his private keys private, all things considered? It sure doesn't look like it's shaping up to be a winning proposition, does it.
So maybe rather than making pro-privacy legislation a priority, calling for oversight, accountability, and reform of the intelligence community ought to come first.
That is, unless you see private companies and data merchants as a bigger threat to individual privacy than the various federal agencies. As a libertarian the idea galls me-- but practically speaking, I'm not so sure anymore. And what does it say about free market capitalism itself, when the government has redefined 'national interest' to include economic espionage on behalf of  individual corporations? Any thoughts on what Hayek or Mises might have had to say about that?
Troubling questions, no easy answers.
'We live in a century in which obscurity protects better than the law--and reassures more than innocence can.' Antoine Rivarol (1753-1801).

@_date: 2001-04-18 17:32:47
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: The Well-Read Cypherpunk 
Excellent list, but one small bone to pick:
Why not? Why should becoming familiar with Hayek, Mises, Popper etc. preclude 'learning the language' of mainstream economics? For instance, how are you going to be able to understand Hayek's essay 'Economics and Knowledge' if the idea of traditional equilibrium analysis is over your head? Do yourselves a favor and read the Krugman/Obstfeld book 'International Economics: Theory and Policy'. You won't always agree with it, but it's worth the time. Who knows, you might even find that some of these issues are a hell of a lot more complex than you thought they were. I sure did. I don't think it's much of a stretch to say that too many people are content to regurgitate dumbed-down bumpersticker platitudes about libertarian ideas without any real understanding to back themselves up. (I'm certainly not referring to you here Tim, but I think you know what I'm talking about.) Anyway, why should there be any distinction between a well-read cypherpunk and a well-read person in general? Everyone has to start somewhere, but jeez, broaden your horizons a little.
In a sense, it all comes down to a personal choice: are you content to sit around on the sidelines with your friends throwing the verbal equivalent of cherry bombs, basking in the cozy glow of cliquish moral superiority--or are you going to make the effort to get the education that allows you to speak to knowledgeable people in a way they can respect and understand, getting your foot in the door towards making a real impact, from the inside out? 'There are men who struggle for a day and they are good. There are others who struggle for a year, and they are better. There are those who struggle many years, and they are better still. But there are those who struggle all their lives. These are the indispensable ones.'
Something to think about.
'We live in a century in which obscurity protects better than the law--and reassures more than innocence can.' Antoine Rivarol (1753-1801).

@_date: 2001-04-18 20:28:04
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: The Well-Read Cypherpunk 
Quoting Tim May :
True, but my point was that the 'Samuelson technical stuff' has its place. Point well taken. All I'm saying is that without the micro and macro fundamentals, it's going to be a lot more difficult to get a meaninful grasp of the Austrians: the meaning of the terms they're using, their contexts, who they were fighting against, etc. I ought to know: I did it 'backwards' myself. Too many people read what they know they'll agree with, leave it at that-- and then wonder why nobody but their friends takes their arguments seriously. It's a problem. Not YOUR PERSONAL problem, but a problem nevertheless. heh. Exactly--and I happen to think Samuelson and Krugman are great places to start.
I don't think you'd expect someone who hasn't digested a book comperable to 'Applied Cryptography' to pick up on as many of the fine points of technical crypto articles as they would have otherwise, would you? Which isn't to say they wouldn't get it eventually by reading other articles, or shouldn't bother. All I'm saying is that basic technical knowledge goes a long way toward understanding the larger context, that's all.
Oh come on, I said it was an excellent list.
Where did that come from? I'm planning on reading some of the ones you mentioned that I wasn't already familiar with, myself. I wasn't being critical of the idea of learning more, quite the contrary.
 take Faustine's
No, my point was that people should be careful not to let their ideologies and interests box them in.  Not at all: I just happen to think the 'well read' might have some use for Samuelson and Krugman.
Reading Samuelson before Hayek will save you a lot of time in the long run. What about your recommended readings for all the other topics you mentioned? Surely they ought to count as horizon-broadening. with respect,
'We live in a century in which obscurity protects better than the law--and reassures more than innocence can.' Antoine Rivarol (1753-1801).

@_date: 2001-04-19 14:41:03
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: The Well-Read Cypherpunk 
Quoting Declan McCullagh :
No doubt! That's the beauty of this place.
What I was really driving at is that if more libertarians aspired to the creativity, analytical rigor, and breadth and depth of knowledge of people like John von Neumann and Leo Cherne, it would be a very good thing. Last night I was reading an essay (author slips my mind) called 'Intelligence and the Information Revolution'. The author called for getting beyond the old barriers of department and specialty and the creation of 'Super Analysts', omni-
talented multidisciplinary people who really, really get it. Wouldn't it be great if more pro-freedom activists took the Super Analyst approach? I think so.
I'm in a PhD program myself: when I speak up in class, I try not to give my fellow classmates a reason to say 'oh damn, there goes that tiresome libertarian chick again.' Knowing the material and being able to articulate something interesting and relevant about it is all that matters: if you're intellectually rigorous and responsible you can command respect, whatever your I think the ultimate goal for anyone out to shape public policy is to find a way to redefine the questions: re-frame the terms of the debate and you've really accomplished something significant. And nobody ever succeded in redefining the questions by bricking up their mental content with pre-digested ideological constructs: in a sense, once you give up your independence all you can do is 'talk at right angles' to people who don't share your mindset. And what could be less in the spirit of libertarianism than that? Of course the answer isn't 'read everything'. But making the committment to creativity, curiosity and analytical rigor couldn't 'We live in a century in which obscurity protects better than the law--and reassures more than innocence can.' Antoine Rivarol (1753-1801).

@_date: 2001-08-01 18:42:11
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Laws of mathematics, not of men  
Actually, I was told that if it has a blade under 3 inches you're fine. My hands are so small I don't need a big one anyway. For what it's worth, here are the specs on the best California-street-legal defensive knife I've ever seen: Smith & Wesson Small SWAT Tactical Folder   Each folder features a Kraton insert for a more secure gripping surface, and ergonomic contours. Depending on your needs, there are a variety of sizes and two colors to choose from as well. Small SWAT  2001 / 3001 Length, Open: 6" Length, Closed: 3.3" Blade Length: 2.8" Blade Material: 440C Steel Handle Material: Aluminum Locking Method: Liner Lock  Opening Method: Thumbstud Clip: Yes Weight: 2.35oz The Black coated models feature a teflon coated blade and handle, with the handle coating textured for enhanced gripping during situations where the material may be slick.
Each knife features a thumbstud for ease of opening, and a pocketclip situated for tip down carry."
Highly recommended...hope that helps!

@_date: 2001-08-02 14:18:36
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Adversaries Would Find Other Attack Methods, Game Theory 
om>
Interesting article, actually. I think game theory has the potential to be a powerful tool for any cypherpunk to have in his or her mental arsenal, (so to speak.) For those of you who haven't been introduced to game theory, how it works, and what it's used for, here's a modified excerpt from an essay outlining the Game theory can be described as the study of interactive decision making. Although game theory is relevant to parlor games such as poker or bridge, most research in game theory focuses on how groups of people interact. There are two main branches of game theory: cooperative and noncooperative game theory. Noncooperative game theory deals largely with how intelligent individuals interact with one another in an effort to achieve their own goals. Decision theory can be viewed as a theory of one person games, or a game of a single player against nature. The focus is on preferences and the formation of beliefs. The most widely used form of decision theory argues that preferences among risky alternatives can be described by the maximization the expected value of a numerical utility function, where utility may depend on a number of things, but in situations of interest to economists often depends on money income. Probability theory is heavily used in order to represent the uncertainty of outcomes, and Bayes Law is frequently used to model the way in which new information is used to revise beliefs. Decision theory is often used in the form of decision analysis, which shows how best to acquire information before making a decision. General equilibrium theory can be viewed as a specialized branch of game theory that deals with trade and production, and typically with a relatively large number of individual consumers and producers. It is widely used in the macroeconomic analysis of broad based economic policies such as monetary or tax policy, in finance to analyze stock markets, to study interest and exchange rates and other prices. In recent years, political economy has emerged as a combination of general equilibrium theory and game theory in which the private sector of the economy is modeled by general equilibrium theory, while voting behavior and the incentive of governments is analyzed using game theory. Issues studied include tax policy, trade policy, and the role of international trade agreements such as the European Union. Mechanism design theory differs from game theory in that game theory takes the rules of the game as given, while mechanism design theory asks about the consequences of different types of rules. Naturally this relies heavily on game theory. Questions addressed by mechanism design theory include the design of compensation and wage agreements that effectively spread risk while maintaining incentives, and the design of auctions to maximize revenue, or achieve other goals.
An Instructive Example
One way to describe a game is by listing the players (or individuals) participating in the game, and for each player, listing the alternative choices (called actions or strategies) available to that player. In the case of a two-player game, the actions of the first player form the rows, and the actions of the second player the columns, of a matrix. The entries in the matrix are two numbers representing the utility or payoff to the first and second player respectively. A very famous game is the Prisoner's Dilemma game. In this game the two players are partners in a crime who have been captured by the police. Each suspect is placed in a separate cell, and offered the opportunity to confess to the crime. The game can be represented by the following matrix of payoffs:
not confess confess not confess 5,5    0,10 confess     10,0   1,1 Note that higher numbers are better (more utility). If neither suspect confesses, they go free, and split the proceeds of their crime which we represent by 5 units of utility for each suspect. However, if one prisoner confesses and the other does not, the prisoner who confesses testifies against the other in exchange for going free and gets the entire 10 units of utility, while the prisoner who did not confess goes to prison and gets nothing. If both prisoners confess, then both are given a reduced term, but both are convicted, which we represent by giving each 1 unit of utility: better than having the other prisoner confess, but not so good as going This game has fascinated game theorists for a variety of reasons. First, it is a simple representation of a variety of important situations. For example, instead of confess/not confess we could label the strategies "contribute to the common good" or "behave selfishly." This captures a variety of situations economists describe as public goods problems. An example is the construction of a bridge. It is best for everyone if the bridge is built, but best for each individual if someone else builds the bridge. This is sometimes refered to in economics as an externality. Similarly this game could describe the alternative of two firms competing in the same market, and instead of confess/not confess we could label the strategies "set a high price" and "set a low price." Naturally is is best for both firms if they both set high prices, but best for each individual firm to set a low price while the opposition sets a high price.
A second feature of this game, is that it is self-evident how an intelligent individual should behave. No matter what a suspect believes his partner is going to do, is is always best to confess. If the partner in the other cell is not confessing, it is possible to get 10 instead of 5. If the partner in the other cell is confessing, it is possible to get 1 instead of 0. Yet the pursuit of individually sensible behavior results in each player getting only 1 unit of utility, much less than the 5 units each that they would get if neither confessed. This conflict between the pursuit of individual goals and the common good is at the heart of many game theoretic A third feature of this game is that it changes in a very significant way if the game is repeated, or if the players will interact with each other again in the future. Suppose for example that after this game is over, and the suspects either are freed or are released from jail they will commit another crime and the game will be played again. In this case in the first period the suspects may reason that they should not confess because if they do not their partner will not confess in the second game. Strictly speaking, this conclusion is not valid, since in the second game both suspects will confess no matter what happened in the first game. However, repetition opens up the possibility of being rewarded or punished in the future for current behavior, and game theorists have provided a number of theories to explain the obvious intuition that if the game is repeated often enough, the suspects ought to cooperate.
One of the most entertaining intro books is "The Compleat Strategist: Being a Primer on the Theory of Games of Strategy", (J.D. Williams, McGraw-Hill, New York 1966.) David Levine recommends "Thinking Strategically" by A. Dixit and B. Nalebuff (Norton, 1991) as good general reading. If you're interested in getting deeper into the subject you should try Game Theory with Economic Applications by H. Bierman and L. Fernandez (Addison-Wesley, 1993). The next step up is the graduate level text Game Theory by D. Fudenberg and J. Tirole from MIT Press. There are also two other advanced textbooks worth taking a look at: "Fun and Games: A Text on Game Theory by K. Binmore" (D.C. Heath, 1992), a very focused and mathematical treatment...
1944 "Theory of Games and Economic Behavior" by John von Neumann and Oskar Morgenstern is published. As well as expounding two-person zero sum theory this book is the seminal work in areas of game theory such as the notion of a cooperative game, with transferable utility (TU), its coalitional form and its von Neumann-Morgenstern stable sets. It was also the account of axiomatic utility theory given here that led to its wide spread adoption within economics. 1945 Herbert Simon writes the first review of von Neumann-Morgenstern.
The first entirely algebraic proof of the minimax theorem is due to L. H. Loomis's,On a Theorem of von Neumann, paper.
1950 Contributions to the Theory of Games I, H. W. Kuhn and A. W. Tucker eds., In January 1950 Melvin Dresher and Merrill Flood carry out, at the Rand Corporation, the experiment which introduced the game now known as the Prisoner's Dilemma. The famous story associated with this game is due to A. W. Tucker, A Two-Person Dilemma, (memo, Stanford University). Howard Raiffa independently conducted, unpublished, experiments with the Prisoner's In four papers between 1950 and 1953 John Nash made seminal contributions to both non-cooperative game theory and to bargaining theory. In two papers, "Equilibrium Points in N- Person Games" (1950) and "Non-cooperative Games" (1951), Nash proved the existence of a strategic equilibrium for non-
cooperative games - the Nash equilibrium - and proposed the"Nash program", in which he suggested approaching the study of cooperative games via their reduction to non-cooperative form. In his two papers on bargaining theory, The Bargaining Problem (1950) and Two-Person Cooperative Games (1953), he founded axiomatic bargaining theory, proved the existence of the Nash bargaining solution and provided the first execution of the Nash program.
George W. Brown described and discussed a simple iterative method for approximating solutions of discrete zero-sum games in his paper Iterative Solutions of Games by Fictitious Play.
1952 The first textbook on game theory: John Charles C. McKinsey, "Introduction to the Theory of Games".
1952 Merrill Flood's report, (Rand Corporation research memorandum, Some Experimental Games, RM-789, June), on the 1950 Dresher/Flood experiments The Ford Foundation and the University of Michigan sponsor a seminar on the"Design of Experiments in Decision Processes" in Santa Monica.This was the first experimental economics/ experimental game theory conference.
1952-53 The notion of the Core as a general solution concept was developed by L. S. Shapley (Rand Corporation research memorandum, Notes on the N-Person Game III: Some Variants of the von-Neumann-Morgenstern Definition of Solution, RM- 817, 1952) and D.B. Gillies (Some Theorems on N-Person Games, Ph.D. thesis, Department of Mathematics, Princeton University, 1953). The core is the set of allocations that cannot be improved upon by any coalition.
Lloyd Shapley in his paper A" Value for N-Person Games" characterised, by a set of axioms, a solution concept that associates with each coalitional game,v, a unique out- come, v. This solution in now known as the Shapley Lloyd Shapley's paper "Stochastic Games" showed that for the strictly competitive case, with future payoff discounted at a fixed rate, such games are determined and that they have optimal strategies that depend only on the game being played, not on the history or even on the date, i.e.: the strategies are stationary.
1953 Extensive form games allow the modeller to specify the exact order in which players have to make their decisions and to formulate the assumptions about the information possessed by the players in all stages of the game. H. W. Kuhn's paper, "Extensive Games and the Problem of Information" includes the formulation of extensive form games which is currently used, and also some basic theorems pertaining to this class of games.
1953 "Contributions to the Theory of Games II," H. W. Kuhn and A. W. Tucker eds., published.
One of the earliest applications of game theory to political science is L. S. Shapley and M. Shubik with their paper "A Method for Evaluating the Distribution of Power in a Committee System." They use the Shapley value to determine the power of the members of the UN Security Council.
1954-55 Differential Games were developed by Rufus Isaacs in the early 1950s. They grew out of the problem of forming and solving military pursuit games. The first publications in the area were Rand Corporation research memoranda, by Isaacs, RM-1391 (30 November 1954), RM-1399 (30 November 1954), RM-1411 (21 December 1954) and RM-1486 (25 March 1955) all entitled, in part, Differential Games.
One of the first applications of game theory to philosophy is R. B. Braithwaite's "Theory of Games as a Tool for the Moral Philosopher."
1957 "Games and Decisions: Introduction and Critical Survey" by Robert Duncan Luce and Howard Raiffa published.
1957 Contributions to the Theory of Games III, M. A.Dresher, A. W. Tucker and P. Wolfe eds., published.
1959 The notion of a Strong Equilibrium was introduced by R. J. Aumann in the paper Acceptable Points in General Cooperative N-Person Games.
The relationship between Edgeworth's idea of the contract curve and the core was pointed out by Martin Shubik in his paper Edgeworth Market Games. One limitation with this paper is that Shubik worked within the confines of TU games whereas Edgeworth's idea is more appropriately modelled as an NTU 1959 Contributions to the Theory of Games IV, A. W.Tucker and R. D. Luce eds., 1959 Publication of Martin Shubik's "Strategy and Market Structure: Competition, Oligopoly, and the Theory of Games". This was one of the first books to take an explicitly non-cooperative game theoretic approach to modelling oligopoly. It also contains an early statement of the Folk Theorem.
Late 50's Near the end of this decade came the first studies of repeated games. The main result to appear at this time was the Folk Theorem. This states that the equilibrium outcomes in an infinitely repeated game coincide with the feasible and strongly individually rational outcomes of the one-shot game on which it is based. Authorship of the theorem is obscure.

@_date: 2001-08-02 22:14:04
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: The real enemies of the poor 
In this context I meant "personality" as in demeanor and attitude, not scholarship and competence. Frankly I don't really care if someone is rude, cranky, disrespectful, flippant, etc. around here as long as they can put together a halfway decent argument more often than not. If they can't, too bad. And on the other hand, if people want to reasonably mull over something they find utterly fascinating that bores me to tears, more power to em.  I can't see how my not going out of my way to involve myself in the discussion is indicative of some great moral failing. So do you keep on finding more of the same or have you got on to something of more value to you?
Well we all do whether we intend to or not: no matter how much you try there's no getting out from under your experience. You wouldn't be "yourself" without it. If something interests you, it's only natural that you want to know more about it: not to ever accept anything blindly, but to avoid re-inventing the wheel. "If I have seen further than
others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants." you know?
Recommending books, on the other hand, has to do with getting people to share an aspect of your mental context. Like that book I recommended on MOUT awhile back: it's not that I agree with its conclusions or the ideology behind it--it's just that it made a powerful impression on the way I think about some of the issues that are most important to me, and went a long way toward providing valuable information I didn't already have. Why wouldn't I be interested in spreading it around.  they've Maybe it came across that way, but if you knew me you'd know I read a lot I don't recommend. And if I recommend what I find valuable and/or agree with? Anything less is wasting everybody's time.
I'll get around to issues in that other half sometime, it ought to be

@_date: 2001-08-03 15:48:59
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: The real enemies of the poor 
I suppose "attitude" can be ambiguous, but it's hardly relevant! Being obnoxious, unpleasant, etc. has absolutely nothing to do with whether or not you know enough about a subject to be worth listening to. Not to name names, but I've met several brilliant people who literally make me want to run whenever I see them coming--but whom I nevertheless respect to the bottom of my shoes for their sheer brainpower. (And in case you haven't noticed, I'm definitely not a respectful sort in general, so it means something.)Thoroughly looking forward to hearing what a person has to say and actively, intensely disliking them is not contradictory in the slightest... Good point. I'm an atheist, but I think Aquinas can worth reading. Marcel (the Mystery of Being), Bataille (Inner Experience), Unamuno(Tragic Sense of Life), Kierkegaard (Either/Or), Heidegger (Sein und Zeit) Schopenhauer (complete works!) also come instantly to mind. I usually have no patience for anything mystical, but these authors have been very valuable to me. Several orders of magnitude above the usual religious mush.
Right--never let anyone do your thinking for you.
on a beach.
More on this in future posts.
Hm, okay. Nevertheless, I think the point remains.
True. But an overwhelmingly large percentage of concepts floating around your head and populating your mental landscape (so to speak) came from somewhere else: if you're creative and original, you make new ones out of the building blocks of the old. But they didn't just pop out of thin air.
Singular viewpoint?? How so! Talk about different mental contexts... And then, there's always the even less noble-minded egocentric motivation for recommending books: "read as I read, so you may come to think as I do". Discourse as narcissistic propaganda: probably a more common motivation that anyone would like to admit.
I think most works that are complex and rich inspire that.. like the ones I mentioned above.
Couldn't agree more. I'm not disagreeing with that at all; I think the real sticking point here gets back to the assumptions which led you to bring up the idea of "singular viewpoint" and the relative meaning(s) of subjective value judgements. I bet a lot would be made clearer to me if you could just back up a little and go into that.

@_date: 2001-08-03 16:17:34
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: The Cautionary Ontological Approach To Technology of Gabriel 
om>
The Cautionary Ontological Approach To Technology of Gabriel Marcel
ABSTRACT: I present the arguments of Gabriel Marcel which are intended to overcome the potentially negative impact of technology on the human. Marcel is concerned with forgetting or rejecting human nature. His perspective is metaphysical. He is concerned with the attitude of the "mere technician" who is so immersed in technology that the values which promote him as an authentic person with human dignity are discredited, omitted, denied, minimized, overshadowed, or displaced. He reviews the various losses in ontological values which curtail the full realization of the human person in his dignity. The impact of technology leads too often to a loss of the sense of the mystery of being and self, authenticity and integrity, the concrete and the existential, truth and dialogue, freedom and lover, humanity and community, fidelity and creativity, the natural and the transcendent, commitment and virtue, respect of the self and responsiveness to others, and especially of the spiritual and the sacred. Thus, the task of the philosopher is to be a watchman, un veilleur, on the alert for a hopeful resolution of the human predicament.

@_date: 2001-08-03 18:53:38
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Extradition from the Great Beyond  
Not safe at all, even the unclassified programs are getting better all the time. Check the archives for some interesting past discussion--and if you feel like tinkering around yourself, there's a ton of free software you can download here:
Hope that helps!

@_date: 2001-08-03 22:26:30
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: The real enemies of the poor 
"it" being "opposite sides of the same coin".
Sure, but for me both are almost entirely separable from my personal evaluation of someone's scholarship and competence.
Okay, I'll apply this to my example of dear old Doctor X, a man I simultaneously respect and can't stand. You can infer certain aspects of his attitude towards his colleagues from the mocking and contemptuous way he addresses them in meetings--which he never fails to hijack with an endless barrage of commentary, transforming any occasion into a platform for self-aggrandizement. If you've ever seen a nature special and observed the alpha chimp's posturing before the younger males who inadvertently pose a challenge by attracting the attention of one of the females, you'll understand this dynamic quite well. The unwritten rule is that no one is "allowed" express a theory before the group without getting it ripped apart by Dr. Alphachimp, he just can't seem to stand it.  His demeanor--presentation to others--alternates between what can best be described as "genteel patronizing condescension" and "being a full-bore asshole". None of this has the slightest bearing on the fact that he's one of the most brilliant, knowledgeable and incisive people I've ever met: his social skills deficit is just an unfortunate by-product. Is he a "nice person"? No. Would I ever want to spend time with him in a social setting? Hell no. Do I enjoy arguing with him? Definitely. Would I want him to review my research before I published it? You bet your life I would! Why do you think concepts need to be orthagonal to be useful?
No, I realize that I'm probably a little more sensitized to (and upset by) the way Dr. Alphachimp treats the people around him because I have a tendency to the same sort of failings myself. If I had an easygoing sort of temper, the things that irk me most about him would probably sail over my head unnoticed. You sure can learn a lot about yourself by stepping back and noticing how you react when interacting with other people...
It's important not to shut yourself off from new ideas, but you have to have a way to decide at what point you're wasting your effort. No quarrel here.
Oh not really, it's fine as long as at least one person is able to maintain the veneer of civility. As long as Dr. Alphachimp never figures out what I really think of him, it'll be an awesome opportunity to keep learning from him. I see more of the "genteel patronizing condescension" side anyway, which helps a lot. Or at least that's the way it feels, ha. Not orthagonal enough..?
I can't say I agree with anyone in sum either; it's what you can take away from it with you that counts.  Oh yeah? Schopenhauer is about as honest and real as they come. But that's part of what makes him so interesting! :)
That's a pretty heavy dose of Platonism, no?
...whole lotta reification goin' on...
that there are two different things being discussed here; knowing
something about the subject under discussion, and how to organize
questions and thoughts).
Well it's certainly worth keeping in mind. Just because an event is nonlinear and non-determined doesn't mean it  negated the laws of causality. The building blocks are much smaller and less obvious, but they're still present in some form, even when they're not readily ascertainable. No one ever invented anything unless the conditions preceeding it were in place. Is there a great degree of freedom in discovery? Of course, but you have to have some mental dice to throw before you can throw them! That issue is fairly clear-cut for me. But if you were to ask me about something I'm more ambivalent about--say, "globalization"--it's easy to imagine having simultaneous viewpoints that are seemingly contradictory on a superficial level. Maybe some people are just wired or socially conditioned to relate to more viewpoints. "Do I contradict myself? Very well then...I contradict myself."
No, but then there's the issue of whether you really can, or just think you can. If you're sensitive enough to be able to pick up on how and why someone formed a certain view, it helps. Great page on empathy, analogy and cognitive processes:

@_date: 2001-08-04 17:04:13
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Extradition from the Great Beyond 
Part of the problem is that in order to do that you'd need to change the subjects, sub-subjects and themes you like to talk about, period--
because "fingerprint" goes a lot deeper than word frequency. Even pure code has a discernable "fingerprint" of sorts. It's a losing proposition.   I'l bet there are, I just can't remember any off the top of my head. If you root through the links, I'm sure something interesting will turn up. And if you have access to a Windows box at all you could always disassemble a sample program you like and rewrite it under your own platform. I'd rather get in there and improve it than use it straight out-of-the-box anyway.
Not as easy as you might think: even a causal reader familiar with these analytic techniques knows how to spot a faked style--and if you're the only person in the group who takes a real interest in a certain cluster of subjects, how hard is it going to be to pin the nym to you, if you've already written a body of posts to compare it with? I've been told the FBI uses technology that would knock your socks off. I bet they had a lot of fun tracking down Hanssen's other usenet nyms...not a bad test case for the hobbyist, actually. Faking a style might be good for short messages and the like, but participating in a discussion group for a length of time? Forget it. Unless you're willing to put some serious work into creating a totally distinct persona, you're wasting your time. This might seem a little unorthodox, but if you're really intent on it, a couple of classics which could help are "Building a Character" and "Creating a Role" by Constantine Stanislavski. No need to re-invent the wheel...

@_date: 2001-08-06 15:19:05
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Information & Communications Technology Law Journal ONLINE 
Information & Communications Technology Law Journal  You can browse the table of contents for all back issues--and order them online with a credit card or through your local university/interlibrary loan. The free trial issue isn't too shabby either: the special topic is "Artificial Intelligence and the Law". The full list of back issues is on their site, here's a sample for the Information & Communications Technology Law
Volume 8  Number 3  October 1999
The Singapore E-Commerce Code
Assafa Endeshaw 189
Internet Banking: The Digital Voyage of Banking and Money in Cyberspace
Sofia Giannakoudi 205
CASE NOTES
Germany: Decisions of Berlin and Munich Courts on whether the exhaustion of the distribution right under Art. 4 lit. c Software Directive ('69c No. 3 Copyright Act) can be limited to distribution as OEM-versions or as updates
Andreas Raubenheimer 245
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS
Germany: Domain registration in Germany ( of DENIC for German Top Level Domains .de
Andreas Raubenheimer 247
title page and contents, volume 8 249
Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 8  NUMBER 2  JUNE 1999
SPECIAL ISSUE: NETWORKED SERVICES
Guest Editors: David Slee & John B. Hobson
David Slee & John B. Hobson 125
Substantive Issues of Copyright Protection in a Networked
Stanley Lai 127
Control of Inventions in a Networked World
Howard C. Anawalt 141
On Using Animations in Court
Ajit Narayanan, Gareth Penny, Sharon Hibbin, Shara K. Lochun
& Wendy Milne 151
Customizing the Presentation of Legal Documents over the
World Wide Web
C. A. Royles & T. J. M. Bench-Capon 165
BOOK REVIEW 175
Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 8  NUMBER 1  MARCH 1999
Computer Misuse Law in Singapore
Assafa Endeshaw 5
A Survey of Computer Crime Legislation in the United States
John M. Conley & Robert M. Bryan 35
Record Newspapers, Legal Notice Laws and Digital Technology
Shannon E. Martin 59
The Data Protection Bill 1998: a comparative examination
David Slee 71
BOOK REVIEW 111
Information & Communications Technology Law
Volume 7  Number 3  OCTOBER 1998
LAW, COMPUTERS AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
SPECIAL ISSUE: FORMAL MODELS OF LEGAL TIME
Guest Editors: Antonio A. Martino & Ephraim Nissan
Guest Editorial
A. A. Martino 165
Guest Editorial
E. Nissan 167
PART I: APPROACHES BASED ON TEMPORAL LOGIC
Time in Automated Legal Reasoning
L. Vila & H. Yoshino 173
Representing Temporal Knowledge in Legal Discourse
B. Knight, J. Ma & E. Nissan 199
Representation of Temporal Knowledge in Events: the formalism, and
its potential for legal narratives
G. P. Zarri 213
PART II: APPROACHES BASED ON PETRI NETS
Temporal Structure and Enablement Representation for Mutual Wills:
a Petri net approach
D. Y. Farook & E. Nissan 243
Time Petri Nets for Modelling Civil Litigation
R. Valette & B. Pradin-Chizalviel 269
TITLE PAGE AND CONTENTS, VOLUME 7 281
Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 7  NUMBER 2  JUNE 1998
Supranational Investigation after Amsterdam, The Corpus Juris and Agenda 2000
W. A. Tupman 85
WWW: World Wide Web or Wild Wild West? Fixing the Fenceposts on
the Final Frontier: domain names, intellectual property paradigms and
current disputes over the governance of the Internet
Robin Mackenzie 103
Making a Case for Case Frames
Radboud Winkels & Henk de Bruijn 117
Computing Rich Semantic Models of Text in Legal Domains
Wai K. Yeap 135
Crime and Technology: new rules in a new world
Hedieh Nasheri & Timothy J. OHearn 145
Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 7  NUMBER 1  MARCH1998
The Proper Law for Electronic Commerce
Assafa Endeshaw 5
A Critique of the Latent Damage Expert System
David McClelland 15
NATIONAL REPORT
The Law Relating to Computer Misuse in the Republic of Ireland
Julianne OLeary 31
CASE NOTES
Increasing Importance of Hardware Locks (Dongles) in Recent
German Case Law
Andreas Raubenheimer 51
Recent Developments in Germany: jurisdiction of courts in case of
acts of unfair competition committed on the Internet
Andreas Raubenheimer 70
Criminal Prosecution Through Public Prosecutors Against Online Services, Internet Providers and Individuals
Andreas Raubenheimer 71
Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 6  NUMBER 3  OCTOBER 1997
Pornography and the Possible Criminal Liability of Internet
Service Providers Under the Obscene Publication(s) and Protection
of Children Act
Terry Palfrey 187
as a Dialogue Arno R. Lodder 201
Supporting the Legal Practitioner: LKBS or Web? Ronald Leenes & Jvrgen Svensson 217
An Architecture for Legal Information Retrieval using Task Models Luuk Matthijssen 229
NATIONAL REPORT
The Law on Computer Crime in Italy
Giancarlo Taddei Elmi 249
BOOK REVIEW 267
TITLE PAGE AND CONTENTS, VOLUME 6 271
Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 6  NUMBER 2  JUNE 1997
SPECIAL NUMBER
Multimedia Products and the Law
Guest Editor: John Conley
John Conley 99
Modelling Legal Documents as Graphs
T. J. M. Bench-Capon, P. E. S. Dunne & G. Staniford 103
Downloading, Information Filtering and Copyright
Erich Schweighofer 121
Fair Use in the Context of a Global Network - is a copyright grab
really going on?
James J. Marcellino & Melise Blakeslee 137
Fair Use for Faculty-created Multimedia
Laura N. Gasaway 153
BOOK REVIEWS 175
Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 6  NUMBER 1  MARCH 1997
Intellectual Property Implications of Multimedia Products: a case study John M. Conley & Kelli Bemelmans 3
Processing Personal Data and the Data Protection Directive
David I. Bainbridge 17
LASER: a system to retrieve UK employment law cases Mohammad Ali Montazeri, Trevor J. M. Bench-Capon & Alison E. Adam 41
Electronic Communication and the Defamation Act 1996: clarity or confusion? Lesley Dolding & Sheila Dziobon 55
CASE NOTE Revisiting the 'Shrinkwrap Licence': ProCD Inc. v. Zeidenberg John T. Cross 71
REVIEW ARTICLE Good Technology? Music and the challenge of technology towards
the fin de sihcle
Steve Greenfield & Guy Osborn 77
BOOK REVIEWS 87
NEWS ITEM 91
Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 5  NUMBER 3  OCTOBER 1996
Council of Europe Activities Related to Information Technology, Data
Protection and Computer Crime
Peter Csonka 177
Policing the Transmission of Pornographic Material
Terry Palfrey 197
Technologically Augmented Litigation-systematic revolution
Frederic I. Lederer 215 A Hybrid Legal Decision-support System Using Both Rule-based and
Case-based Reasoning
Kamalendu Pal & John A. Campbell 227
CASE NOTE Using Personal Data after R v. Brown
David I. Bainbridge 247
BOOK REVIEWS 253
TITLE-PAGE AND CONTENTS, VOLUME 5 259 Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 5  NUMBER 2  JUNE 1996
SPECIAL NUMBER
Information Technology, Intellectual Property Rights and the Uruguay Round Guest Editor: Rohini Acharya New Technologies and Intellectual Property Rights: the next frontier Rohini Acharya 91 Towards a Unifying Law: international copyright conventions,
the GATT TRIPs Agreement and related EC regulations
Craig R. Karpe 95 The Compulsory Licensing of Intellectual Property Rights and
Computers: recent developments in UK, EC and international law David L. Perrott 111
The TRIPs Agreement and Information Technologies: implications
for developing countries Carlos M. Correa 133
Intellectual Property Rights and Information Technology: the impact
of the Uruguay Round on developing countries Rohini Acharya 149
BOOK REVIEWS 167
Information & Communications Technology Law
VOLUME 5 NUMBER 1 MARCH 1996
Controlling Computer Crime in Germany
Sigmund P. Martin 5
Computerizing Criminal Law: problems of evidence, liabilitiy
and mens rea
Mervyn E. Bennun 29
Lord Woolf and Information Technology
Lynn Henderson 45
Fundamentals of Representation I: a traditional philosophy Brian Carr 57
CASE NOTES
Making and Sale of Collections of Readings by Educational Institutions in Australia
Kamal Puri 69
Munich Court of Appeals Prohibits Circumvention of Software Copyright Protection (Dongle, Hardware Lock) Yet Again
Andreas Raubenheimer 75

@_date: 2001-08-07 14:50:09
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
om>
No doubt, but I think it's dangerous and entirely to your disadvantage to dismiss everyone doing government work in computer security as a donut-
chomping incompetent Barney-Fife-clone imbecile. Anyone can laugh at the department heads on C-SPAN, but did you ever stop to think about who's really doing the hardcore research for the NSA at Ft. Meade--and elsewhere? And did you ever think that they may have decided it's in their best interest to let otherwise informed and intelligent people like you laugh them off as third-rate and underfunded? Think about Not everyone who wrote assessments for CIA got them past the politicized review of deputy director Gates. As you may know, the whole culture in the 80s was characterized by a deep rift between two warring factions who literally referred to each other as "knuckledraggers" and "commie symps." If the symps had the upper hand instead of the knuckledraggers under Casey, there's not a doubt in my mind you would have seen an entirely different kind of intelligence product. The same old resentments are still there: just yesterday I heard Michael Pillsbury, a former defense policy planner in the Reagan administration, repeatedly refer to analysts who disagreed with him as "panda huggers" during the course of his testimony before the Senate. The hardliners he called "blue team". (Gee, I wonder which side he was on!) I guess "panda huggers" is a little better than "commie symps" but it sure says a lot about the intellectual climate. It won't come as a surprise when we start seeing the same kind of analytic mistakes again because of it...
I'm sure the senior scientists at Ft. Meade couldn't be more delighted to hear you say that.

@_date: 2001-08-08 14:15:58
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Secret Warrants and Black Bag Jobs--Questions 
Here's the most comprehensive source of case law covering the subject I've ever seen: Computer Crime and
Intellectual Property Section (CCIPS)  Searching and Seizing Computers and Obtaining Electronic Evidence in Criminal Investigations
"This publication provides a comprehensive guide to the legal issues that arise when federal law enforcement agents search and seize computers and obtain electronic evidence in criminal investigations. The topics covered include the application of the Fourth Amendment to computers and the Internet, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, workplace privacy, the law of electronic surveillance, and evidentiary issues. This publication supersedes "Federal Guidelines for Searching and Seizing Computers" (1994), as well as the Guidelines' 1997 and 1999 Supplements."

@_date: 2001-08-08 17:28:23
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Linux On Steroids: DIY supercomputer software from Sandia 
Lots of interesting possibilities for cryptographic applications, I'm Massively Parallel Computational Research Laboratory
Linux On Steroids
By Jason Levitt
You can salivate over the fastest computers in the world by browsing  or you can build your own. Sandia National Laboratories, which conducts research under the auspices of the Department of Energy, has released Cplant open-source software for building Linux supercomputing clusters. -->The 50 Mbytes of source code is available free to those who want to build a supercomputer using off-the-shelf hardware.<--
Cplant is designed to link PCs running Linux to create highly scalable, parallel computing clusters typically used for intensive number-crunching required by activities such as seismic research and economic forecasting.
Building your own Linux cluster capable of supercomputer-class computing still will cost thousands, but by using conventional PCs running Linux, a Cplant cluster will be several orders of magnitude cheaper than a Sun E10000 Starfire, a Fujitsu VPP5000, or any other name-brand supercomputer or proprietary clustering system. "Our systems are roughly four times cheaper for the same Linpack number," says Neil Pundit, department manager of scalable computer systems at Sandia, in Albuquerque, N.M. Linpack is a benchmark program widely used to rate the basic computational performance of supercomputers. A 1,000-node Cplant cluster ranked 31st last year on the  site with a Linpack number of 512 gigaflops. The Cplant software can be downloaded at  Sandia's Linux cluster, Antarctica, is one of the largest and most powerful in the world, with 1,500 rack-mounted Compaq 1U servers, each with a 466-
MHz Alpha CPU and 256 Mbytes of RAM. The machines are interconnected using Myricom Inc.'s Myrinet gigabit clustering hardware, which is widely used for clustering and is sold by 18 of the 20 largest computer companies. The Cplant software requires you to use Myricom's clustering hardware, which roughly doubles the cost of hardware for each Linux system but is a key component of Cplant's fast internode communication. Sandia uses Antarctica to simulate physical phenomena such as the effects of radioactive materials as well as for weather forecasting.

@_date: 2001-08-08 20:06:34
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Linux On Steroids: DIY supercomputer software from Sandia 
Since when did people stop trying? The last time I heard a researcher talk about trying to break a Cypherpunks-interesting cipher was last Thursday. Hearsay and hot air? Probably; nothing that merits repeating. But it's hardly a dead issue.
We've all heard that line before, but I still don't think it's too far-
fetched to assume that anyone who does work in this area might appreciate 50 megs of free software to create his own supercomputer. You never know what might come from putting that kind of computational power in the hands of people here. Create, break, do whatever you want.

@_date: 2001-08-09 00:05:30
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Linux On Steroids: DIY supercomputer software from Sandia 
Because it's impolite to attribute other people's ideas and commentary to them in a public forum if they assumed they were speaking to you informally, in confidence. Hearsay and hot air.
I'm assuming you find Rijndael interesting.
The idea has been around, but not the free software from Sandia.
Never said it was. 50? try 512.
232.6 billion operations a second still looks fairly impressive to me.

@_date: 2001-08-09 14:26:27
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Linux On Steroids: DIY supercomputer software from Sandia 
Yep. I just thought people might appreciate the link. I'd be interested to hear from anyone actually running the Cplant to see how it stacks up with the other programs out there.. I'll save it for another list, I suppose.
My phrase "interesting possibilities for cryptographic applications" wasn't by any means referring to factoring alone.
I wouldn't rule anything out just yet! Fascinating stuff.  And as for the problem of it being hard to round up enough Pentiums, plenty of businesses upgrading their systems might be willing to donate their old boxes to your "good cause" if you find a convincing way to explain what you're trying to do. I've been toying with the idea myself on and off for awhile: the idea of having your own supercomputer in your basement that you put together yourself out of next-to-nothing is just so appealing! Oh well, thanks for the links.

@_date: 2001-08-09 20:44:15
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: keylogger detection 
You might have a look at PCiHookProtect 2.05 if you don't feel like writing it yourself--their heuristic analysis is pretty interesting. It takes awhile to run but I've never seen another program quite like it; if you know of anything better, drop me a line.
HookProtect's main features are:
- detection of loggers and monitoring programs loaded in memory;
- discovery of loggers and monitoring programs located on  hard  drive but not loaded in memory by using special technology of heuristic analysis;
- listing of all loaded modules and opened files;
- monitoring  of  files activity (files and directories creations, deletions, renames, changes in attributes, size and time - all by user's choice) on selected directory;
- detailed information in log file;
- Windows 95/98 and Windows NT Workstation 4.0 support;
   Description of hooks in Windows 9x/NT

@_date: 2001-08-09 21:32:33
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
That's just as inaccurate as condeming everyone who ever worked for Microsoft as clueless because of their corporate propensity for security lapses. You wouldn't go that far, would you? Didn't think so... LOL
I know of an old-school NSA red teamer who's been teaching programming and engineering since before either one of us was born. An honest-to-god mathematical genius. Some of those old wizards could teach us all a thing or two. But whether the donut-chomping incompetents have the upper hand is anyone's guess. I wouldn't bet on it in the long run.
Maybe, but I have more of an issue with the "cook the books to support my policy" angle than anything else. There's a great article by James Worthen, "The Gates Hearings: Politicization and Soviet Analysis at CIA" from Studies in Intelligence (Vol. 38, No.1, Spring 1994). I wish I had a pdf (or whatever the "correct" format is in light of the Adobe boycott), lots of relevant quotes to pull.
~Faustine.

@_date: 2001-08-10 20:25:44
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
It wasn't meant to be impressive: my only point was that it's not a good idea for young people such as Jim and myself--"whippersnappers", if you prefer--to underestimate those with far more knowledge and experience in the relevant subjects. What could you possibly find to argue with in that.
If you or anyone else here believes that no one at Ft. Meade could possibly teach you anything, fine. If you question my ability to recognize a first-
rate mathematical mind when I see one, that's fine too. But if you honestly think there aren't information scientists out there every bit as technically competent and clued-in as you are, chances are you're setting yourself up for a rude awakening someday.  Intellectual hubris...
The fact that list members have NSA work experience hardly refutes the point I was making that you shouldn't dismiss someone as a donut-chomping incompetent on the basis of his taking government work. It's all in the context.

@_date: 2001-08-11 17:20:50
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Keylogger detection -- HookProtect  
Tell you what: why don't you learn assembler, rip it open with whatever the "purist" equivalent of IDAPro is
( and and have yourself a ball. Seriously.
Because the technology behind it is interesting and it addresses a problem associated with detecting keyloggers in a unique way. For all anybody knows, you're a federal feeb behind a remailer trying to suss out exactly what I know and don't know about keystroke loggers. But how likely is that. That's arguable. But don't forget that a lot of people have to use Windows at work. I think HookProtect is better than nothing.  >  Building something like this seems like a very cpunkerly thing
to do Have fun!

@_date: 2001-08-11 17:55:45
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable 
Hardly! And what about all the first-rate people who were "outsourced" in the 90s, along with the boatloads of project work that got contracted out to the DoD federally funded R&D centers like MITRE and the CNA Corporation? What about In-Q-Tel and the feelers being put out toward public-private partnerships? The very fact that they're trying to adapt to the times indicates that if the quality of research isn't keeping up with developments in the private sector, they certainly have no intention of letting it stay that way for long. It's a grave mistake, I'm telling you: plenty of people would like nothing more than for someone like you to kick back because you think you don't have anything to worry about.

@_date: 2001-08-11 18:50:46
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable  
Sure, but that doesn't mean the individual people working there are incompentent. It's an institutional problem. That's not by accident--they have zero incentive to show their true hand and every reason to hide it. For example, if someone from the NSA were to crack PGP, do you think they'd public-mindedly post the vulnerability on Bugtraq and have a big IRC coffee klatch to work on a fix? Hell no. There's no telling how many vulnerabilities in common software government security analysts found and kept secret. And the lousy thing is we all know it only takes one. Another one of their advantages is a fairly straightforward intelligence asymmetry: you have no clue as to who these people are and what they can do, whereas they can go over everything about you with a fine tooth comb at their leisure. People help them and don't even know it: the easiest way to get free security testing is to declare a government system secure, honeypot and fishbowl it to Kingdom Come, and wait for the free data to come rolling in from the too-smart-for-their-own-good suckers who can't wait to broadcast to the world exactly in excruciating detail how they "r00ted the Fedz". Everyone laughs and gloats at how insecure government systems are, but they didn't gain a thing, since all the truly interesting data was far, far away. And the veritable icing on the cake is that the feds turn around and use the very intrusions they invited as a tool to scare the Solid Citizens in Congress into allocating even more money and resources "to protect national security". Depressing. Maybe. But some of those very same people are still around and sharper than ever. Never underestimate the old guys. Well, I'm not ruling that out. But since none of us knows the first thing about what's happening behind the Silicon Curtain, that remains to be seen.

@_date: 2001-08-12 17:41:34
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Linux On Steroids: DIY supercomputer +Distributed Terascale 
om>
"Fairly impressive" in that it's better than what I've got in my basement right now. And for me, part of the appeal lies in the satisfaction of putting something like that together entirely yourself out of components other people considered worthless and discarded. Not to mention being able to use it for whatever you want, whenever you want, without depending on anyone else's machine: a wonderful blend of self-sufficiency, ingenuity and megalomania, ha. Personally, I'd like to run problems through some optimization and simulation software, do a little code-based qualitative analysis, etc. without hogging resources somewhere else with all the old wizards looking over my shoulder, tapping their feet. Tim made a lot of great points about the drawbacks. Still, it's "a nice toy", as someone here characterized it.
Here's something you might find a little more interesting:
Linux supercomputing grid unveiled for science use
By TODD R. WEISS The National Science Foundation (NSF) yesterday announced a $53 million project to connect a series of remotely located powerful computers into a high-speed Linux supercomputer grid that could open vast new opportunities for scientific and medical breakthroughs. The project, to be funded by a three-year grant from the NSF, will be built by the middle of next year, giving scientists and researchers access to massive combined supercomputer power they have until now only dreamed about. Called the Distributed Terascale Facility, the project will link powerful servers running Linux into a high-speed grid that will allow researchers to use all the computing resources they need, regardless of where the servers are located. At their disposal will be computing power of huge proportions, with a total of 8.1 TFLOPS and the ability to perform 13.6-trillion calculations per second. The grid will have storage of more than 450TB of data through a high-speed optical network called a TeraGrid, which will link computers and data at four academic research facilities in the U.S. Armonk, N.Y.-based IBM will provide more than 1,000 IBM eServer Linux clusters that will be running more than 3,300 of Intel Corp.'s upcoming McKinley Itanium processors for the system, as well as IBM data storage products and support services. Qwest Communications International Inc. in Denver will provide a 40-gigabit high-speed network for the grid system, which will be 16 times faster than what is available today. The supercomputer grid will link the National Center for Supercomputing Applications in Illinois, the San Diego Supercomputer Center in California, the Argonne National Laboratory in suburban Chicago and the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena into a cohesive group of computers with tremendous research potential, according to project organizers. "This is the first salvo in transforming how science and engineering research is done in the world," said Dan Reed, the director of the National Center for Supercomputing Applications. The facility is expected to reach peak performance of 13.6 TFLOPS by April 2003, and will be used for a wide range of projects, including research related to storm, climate and earthquake predictions; development of more-
efficient combustion engines; chemical and molecular factors in biology; and physical, chemical and electrical properties of materials. "This facility will stretch the boundaries of high-performance computing and give U.S. computer scientists and other researchers in all science and engineering disciplines access to a critical new resource," said National Science Board Chairman Eamon Kelly. Eventually, similar grid computing systems are seen as having many uses for business computing, according to proponents. The announcement is the second related to grid computing this week. On Monday, IBM announced that it's building a worldwide grid computing network to tie together systems at its various data centers to combine their computing power for customers. Users would pay for processing time on an as-
needed basis, similar to any other utility. IBM also said it's been chosen by the British government to build a national grid for various universities for collaborative scientific research. The grid will be run using middleware being built under the open-source Globus Project, a research initiative funded by various U.S. government agencies. Globus software will allow servers and computers to be connected into seamless networks that can be used together to conduct research and other work. Also involved in the project are cluster computing vendor Myricom Inc., software vendor Oracle Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc.

@_date: 2001-08-14 18:02:17
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Linux On Steroids: DIY supercomputer +Distributed Terascale 
om>
As a way to address the implicit question "why would anybody ever want to build a thing like that". For what it's worth, at one point I was tantalizingly close to getting my hands on a donation of 53 G3s. Unfortunately it fell through, but if an offer like that ever happens to come my way again, I can't really say I'd turn it down.
If someone else is convinced it's interesting enough to be willing to foot the power bill (as I had anticipated would be the case), where's the downside? Nobody thinks strategically enough to see why they'd be better off buying me a few shiny new G4s instead. Since I know that's 100% out of the realm of possiblity, it's better to be resourceful and take whatever I can get: more CPU power than I have now (or am likely to get adequate access to in the near future). I might have even been able to turn around and share/rent time on it to other "low-priority" people like myself who're just out to further their own research without getting underfoot elsewhere. Not a bad idea, at any rate. I still maintain that the lure of tinkering and scavaging is a large part of the appeal anyway. If it leaves you flat and, being rich and retired, have far better ways to spend your time, to each his own.

@_date: 2001-08-15 15:25:19
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: "For the children": DMV high-tech database and ID card for kids 
How's this for a telling quote:
"I think it ought to be mandatory," Lopez said. "I just think it ought to go nationally. . . . That database could be used for many things."
D.C. Plans ID Card for Students
Aim of DMV Database Is Missing Children  The ID cards, issued by the Department of Motor Vehicles, could be used to track everything from children's welfare benefits to attendance at school functions. (D.C. Motor Vehicle Administration) By Robert O'Harrow Jr.
Washington Post Staff Writer
Wednesday, August 15, 2001; Page A01 District officials plan to begin taking digital photographs and fingerprints of schoolchildren this fall as part of a high-tech identification initiative designed to improve the search for missing Under a plan initiated by the administration of Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D), the information about the children would be collected at schools using laptop computers. It would be fed into a centralized computer system, and the children then would receive ID cards containing bar codes that can be scanned by authorities, officials said.
Children from 2 to 14 initially would be eligible for the new IDs, and parents would have to give their approval before their children can participate. The IDs are to cost $5, although the city may subsidize the fee for low-income residents. The IDs would need to be renewed every two Several officials said they hope the program could be expanded to improve social services by closely tracking youths' involvement in schools and government benefit programs.
Although local law enforcement agencies and private organizations have long snapped photos and taken fingerprints for parents to use in the event of a child's disappearance, the District's initiative is fundamentally different because the government is to maintain the information.
"We want to take advantage of the latest digital technology to implement a process that will enable us to protect and assist the parents and children of the District of Columbia," Sherryl Hobbs Newman, director of the Department of Motor Vehicles, who is overseeing the plan, said in an interview. "We should use the technology we're developing to get that information to whomever needs it."
It is not clear how much of a problem missing children are in the District. The mayor's office said police list 86 open cases of juveniles reported missing in the 17 months from January 2000 to the end of May. Nationally, more than 5,000 children are listed as missing at any one time, said a spokesman for a group that tracks the issue. Those numbers include runaways and children taken by estranged parents.
Businesses, governments and military agencies everywhere are linking computers, digital photographs and biometric identifiers -- such as fingerprints and facial scans -- to improve security and better authenticate the identities of individuals. Many law enforcement agencies use such technology to electronically book prisoners.
But the coupling of technology and biometric information has drawn intense criticism from privacy advocates. And some activists and officials expressed concern about the District's plan, saying the identifying information could be misused by authorities and hacked by outsiders.
"I find it kind of scary," said Mary M. Levy, analyst and counsel for Parents United for the D.C. Public Schools, an advocacy group. She said many parentsmight not want police using the data for investigations.
D.C. Council member Kevin P. Chavous (D-Ward 7), chairman of the council's Education Committee, said he shares Levy's concerns, but he supports the program. "Generally, I think it's a good idea," he said. "I am a little concerned about the Big Brother aspect."
Council member Phil Mendelson (D), who is on the Education Committee, said he was unaware of the plan but is glad it is voluntary. He said the government nevertheless must act slowly because of the privacy issues involved. "We need to be very careful about . . . obtaining such detailed information," he said.
At the request of the mayor, council Chairman Linda W. Cropp (D) introduced a resolution July 6 that would amend local regulations to allow for the child ID cards. There was no debate at the time, and no hearings have been The resolution takes effect 45 working days after its introduction, unless the council votes against it, officials said.
Newman said she is sensitive to privacy concerns. Although the system would greatly ease the collection of information about individual children, she said, it would also be configured to limit how much information officials could get.
"I think people will eventually see the benefits," she said. "New things tend to scare people."
The District's initiative would be the most sophisticated in the nation to focus primarily on children, according to officials at Polaroid ID Systems, who have worked with the DMV to create the program.
The only similar program is in West Virginia, which began offering child IDs two years ago. The District plan differs from it in one key respect: District DMV officials intend to go into the schools with portable equipment to collect children's information.
Only about 5,000 children have been photographed or fingerprinted in West Virginia, in part because officials there require parents to bring their children to motor vehicle offices, according to Mary Jane Lopez, a spokeswoman for the DMV there.
District motor vehicle officials described the program as a chance to use their year-old digital driver-licensing system to help authorities find missing children by providing instant access, including over the Internet, to recent photos and other identifying details.
Officials have also begun planning ways to expand the program to improve the delivery of social services for eligible children, "from day one of their lives," said to Sandra Villeneuve, a regional account manager at Polaroid ID Systems who has attended planning meetings in the mayor's Among other things, school officials might use the bar code on students' ID cards to monitor attendance in school and at events. Social services officials might use the card to track a child's benefits, officials said.
Newman said that if the program unfolds as planned, the use of an ID card may become obligatory for some young people who receive social services and already provide much of the information to city officials. "What we're doing is actually making it more convenient . . . condensing it in one card," she said.
Some parents expressed concern about how the DMV would control access to the system and limit uses of the data. Iris Toyer, the mother of a 9-year-
old at Stanton Elementary School, said: "I find it invasive. I do not know who will have access to it. I do not know how it will be used, regardless of what they say."
Privacy specialists also criticized the plan, saying the city's apparent aims for the program are too open-ended to justify the risks of gathering so much information about children in one place.
"There are always benefits. There are also risks that tend to be understated," said Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center. "Now you're talking about kids."
An official from the National Center for Missing and Exploited Childen also questioned the wisdom of the District's plan. Spokesman David Shapiro said there's no question that investigators searching for missing children need access to a current photo as quickly as possible. But, Shapiro said, authorities can usually get the information they need from parents. Oftentimes that includes a child's fingerprints. During the last decade, through community- and business-sponsored programs, the center has helped create 12 million children's "passports" containing photographs and information about individual children. Police agencies and other groups have done the same thing.
"It's the national center's view that only parents should maintain this information," Shapiro said, adding that a major concern is that outsiders or officials might misuse information collected in a database. "There's always that potential. . . . Security is a major issue."
As in the District, West Virginia officials envision a major expansion of the program in the coming years. Lopez said officials there are considering using the ID cards to improve security and track attendance at schools. They may also want to create IDs for children in foster care programs to ensure they get proper services, she said.
"I think it ought to be mandatory," Lopez said. "I just think it ought to go nationally. . . . That database could be used for many things."
Staff writer Sewell Chan contributed to this report.

@_date: 2001-08-17 16:32:20
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Digression 
So what do you make of this bit from the abstract:
"The security of Rijndael depends on a new and untested
hardness assumption: it is computationally infeasible to solve equations
of this type."
How long do you think that's going to keep it "secure", all things considered? Even though the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in '78 cleared the NSA of any charges of introducing deiberate weakness into DES by modifying the S-boxes, everybody knows they broke it ages ago anyway. Or at least that's the way the hearsay and hot air blows. What makes you think things are going be any different this time around, the NSA theoreticians aren't anymore likely to give up and kick back than they ever were. You can do a lot with plaintext/ciphertext and statistical calculation: it stands to reason that while most people get stuck nattering on about what you can't do computationally, other people are quietly exploring what else can actually be done with available resources.  The smartest, cleverest and most creative prevail, no matter which sector pays their paycheck. The effect of intitutional baggage on performance is a seperate issue, but as the cypherpunk movement itself shows, it's dangerous to discount anyone for not being a part of any given work environment. I happen to think fundamental respect for brainpower and ability should go both ways.

@_date: 2001-08-20 15:31:48
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition  
Actually, that won't help you much: emissions from LCD screens can be easier to decode than those from monitors. Active matrix LCD screens create very strong and clear emissions--as long as a display uses some form of pixel sweep where each pixel is activated at a unique time, then the emissions are simple to decode. Though in theory LCD screens emit less than a VDU, recent EMC controls have greatly reduced emanations from VDUs--with the result that the graphics card will often be the greatest source of Hope that helps!

@_date: 2001-08-21 16:32:36
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition  
So why is it that the vast majority of the technical and insightful contributions here seem to come from people who aren't averse to using a reasonable simulacrum of a real name and address?
I made the deliberate choice not to use a remailer because I think it's more interesting to contribute while having a prior body of posts "attached" to me. People come to know more what to expect--and if I irritate/bore/piss them off too much, they stop reading me. Which is exactly as it should be. When I'm pressed for time here (as I usually am) I read people loosely ranked in order of how interesting I've found their posts to be in the past. I don't think I'd have the patience to wade through a big undifferentiated grab bag of irrelevant dross each day. And you know that's probably just what you'd end up with if no one had the slightest shred of accountability for any of their statements. There's too much discourse around here on the level of "you're a poopy head" "no, u r the poopy head" as it is. What does it really contribute? Besides a great example of Gresham's law in action, that is.
For me, services like Hushmail and Cotse make for a nice compromise between full accountability (and full vulnerability) on one hand, and complete anonymity and privacy on the other. Though if you're after complete privacy re: your opinions and the details of your life, you're better off not writing them down in the first place, here or anywhere else. If what I "wanted" out of participating in the list were different, I can see myself making a different choice in either direction.
I assume everyone here weighed those considerations for themselves before they got here: as far as I'm concerned, nobody has the slightest business deciding it for anyone else.

@_date: 2001-08-21 18:05:04
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
Great points. If you're looking to make a difference re: cypherpunk and pro-
libertarian issues and have a scientific and practical streak, why not get an advanced degree in policy analysis instead? You get a rock-solid grounding in a number of critical disciplines, and put yourself in a position to seriously affect policy on the broadest possible stage. Not for the ideological "purists" out there, but personally I don't see anything at all wrong with wringing every ounce of information you can get from the real pros, whether they share your values or not. If there were a number of people committed to advancing libertarian issues who took this approach, I think it would be a great thing. Harvard is supposed to have the best program, but here's a little something I found online from the University of British Columbia which explains what it's all about. This one seems a little business-heavy, but other analysis programs have a lot more room to focus on technology policy. At least this gets you in the ballpark:
Policy Analysis and Strategy
This PhD specialization covers both business strategy and public policy analysis. It draws strongly on underlying foundations in economics and in applied statistics. Topics in which faculty members have expertise include entrepreneurship and venture capital finance, international investment, the management of research and development, environmental management and policy, experimental tests of game theory, competitive strategy and competition policy, public enterprise and regulation, and international trade policy. Undergraduate or masters-level training in economics and/or quantitative disciplines such as mathematics, statistics or engineering would be a typical background for qualified students. Students with undergraduate backgrounds in commerce or business who have focused on the more quantitative areas would also be well qualified for the program. Once students are admitted they have extensive interaction with faculty members and attend a regular workshop run by the Policy Analysis Division, in addition to normal course work. The first major supervised research project is undertaken in the student's first summer. Except for those funded from outside sources, at least three years of funding is guaranteed to all admitted students. Program of Study
There is considerable flexibility in the programs of individual students. All students are required to take a faculty-wide course in research methodology and a faculty wide course in teaching methods. Other required courses include:
Economics 500 Microeconomic Theory
Economics 565 Market Structure
Commerce 581 or equivalent Statistical Methods
Commerce 691 Advanced Topics in Policy Analysis The student will take at least four other courses to form two "fields" (two courses per field) and will normally take one or more additional courses in applied statistics or research methods. These courses will be chosen in consultation with the Graduate Advisor and may be in the Commerce Faculty or in other areas of study. Students normally complete their course work in two years and write comprehensive exams at the end of the second year. However, students who have taken prior graduate work may be able to complete course work requirements more quickly. Sample Program Sequence
Year - 1 Fall COMM 693 (Research Methodology), COMM 581 (Statistical Methods), Econ 500 (Microeconomic Theory), Elective or Field Course
Year - 1 Winter Econ 565, statistics course, 2 field courses
Year - 1 Summer Summer research paper Year - 2 Fall EPSE 506 (Teaching), COMM 691 (Topics in Policy Analysis), statistics course, field course
Year - 2 Winter Field courses, electives
Year - 2 Summer Comprehensive exams Year - 3 Preparation and presentation of thesis proposal Year - 4 Preparation and defense of thesis

@_date: 2001-08-22 16:09:43
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Anonymous Posting 
Fine, but "average" in this context isn't as useful as measuring the top n percent in terms of total value of information to any given participant. I wonder why you seem to have missed my point about services like Hushmail and Cotse. Even if the technology were 100% reliable, it's a matter of common sense.  No amount of technology will ever keep you from trusting the wrong person, writing down something you should have kept in your head, or blabbing when you should have kept your mouth shut. In an absolute sense, "complete privacy" is only possible with an absence of communication signifiers. Developing privacy-enhancing technology, on the other hand, is absolutely crucial. But as I agree with what Bruce Schneier said about there being no such thing as "absolute security", I think it's always going to be a matter of what's "private enough" for any given situation.
How "high stakes" you find posting to a mailing list depends on your particulars. And for me, Hushmail and Cotse are fine. If somebody is hell bent on fucking me over--here or elsewhere--the best remailer in the world won't help if they have the requisite knowledge, time, and resources.
And I never said there was anything wrong with using a remailer. It's just that in the context of participating in a list, I think people tend to act worse since they have no real (or even symbolic) attachment to anything they say. I used to use a remailer to post to another list every single day for months. But I enjoy it more being a little more connected to it the way I participate here, that's all. If your goal is to get rid of the technically incompetent and improve the quality of the list's content, you have to weigh the possibility of the bullshitting troll quotient going way, way up as well. And anyway, I think you're overestimating the skill level needed to use one: sure, the absolute cretins will have to go, but it remains to be seen how much moronic juvenalia will still be left over. Unfortunately, being intelligent and being immature are not mutually exclusive.  So are you basing your assessment of who to look down on solely on whether or not they use PGP and remailers here, or are you going by the total informative content(or lack thereof)in their posts? Personally, I wouldn't be too quick to assume I know what anyone around here can or can't do. That is a gross misreading of what I said. In the context of addressing "what makes participating in a list worthwhile", I just don't believe dictating from on high "everyone must use a remailer" is going to fix all the problems you think it will. And it'll probably create a lot more new ones. But I could be wrong, it'll be interesting to see how it turns out if you actually get one going.
Interesting how you know full well when you really need to make an exception to your too-broad generalization about people who use their real names on the list.

@_date: 2001-08-22 16:51:09
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money  
Great start! If anyone is interested, maybe this weekend I could put together a list of the top policy analysis schools with their technology & policy faculty and backgrounds: I'm sure there are plenty of researchers with a lower profile than those on your list who might be a great match for potential students out there. All you really need is to find a few key people to mentor you whom you can really learn from and relate to, to make it worthwhile. Sure, anyone you think might be interesting to work with and learn from.
You can find all sorts of thing to do at universities, think tanks, NGOs, lobbying groups, etc. doing applied work, abstract work, or a combination of both. I'm sure where you end up depends a lot on your focus area and skill set.
Since it's multidisciplinary from the start, if you take the analysis road, you have a much better chance of "building in" some flexibility and doing as much "pure research" as you want to in the long run. Take law, you're just stuck with doing law. But of course I'm 100% biased, so any any encouragement in this direction should be judged accordingly! :)
Good luck...
~Faustine.

@_date: 2001-08-22 19:07:42
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition  
Have you happened to have seen any good papers on constructing do-it-
yourself cheap, effective, portable shielding? Probably might as well ask for the moon too while I'm at it, but it's worth a shot!

@_date: 2001-08-23 15:44:13
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition 
I know, I was just hoping for a few meaningful shortcuts to achieving the full combination of "do-it-yourself" (because tinkering is more satisfying than COTS), "cheap"(limited funds; low on my priority list), "effective"(too much hokum floating around the subject), and "portable" (obvious). It's still a tall order, but I've found the discussion so far quite helpful. There you go!

@_date: 2001-08-23 17:22:16
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Anonymous Posting 
This thread certainly passed my threshold of being interesting enough to reply to, but it's atypical. If I have a low opinion of the kinds of anonymous interactions I've had in the past and would rather skip people who don't have anything to say, it means I either have to wade through stuff that wastes my time or miss out reading posts like yours. I don't think that's a terribly effective way to organize a list or have discussions. Just thought I'd point out that if someone is beyond your judgment, it means you're operating on faith. Question everyone; get a spine. Why isn't this obvious?
You have zero reason to think you have the faintest idea who here uses remailers and encryption when, why, for what, to whom, and under what circumstances based on whether or not they use it posting to a mailing list. It's a hell of a presumption on your part. Furthermore, it's ridiculous to try to dictate how people should conduct their affairs. For what it's worth, technically speaking, Hushmail and Cotse ARE encrypted remailers, just psuedoanonymous ones.  Re-read my posts on this carefully and see if you still think that's a good characterization of what I said.
Elementary logic: disparaging people who happen to use encryption and remailers is neither equivalent to disparaging the use of encryption and remailers nor equivalant to disparaging people because they happen to use encryption and remailers.
If this is what you normally sound like, I wouldn't filter you out. It's not that I disagree with you that much, you're mainly just misunderstanding me. But if you're one of the anonymouses who won't sign your name to insults and baseless accusations? Well, I'd say you'd be better off the way you are. Just dont expect me to waste time reading it.

@_date: 2001-08-23 18:17:33
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Quantum Computation/Cryptography at Los Alamos 
Los Alamos develops quantum crypto system
By Chappell Brown Electrical Engineering Times
(08/23/01, 1:06 p.m. EST) LOS ALAMOS, N.M.  Engineers at Los Alamos National Laboratory have developed what they believe is a practical quantum cryptographic system. The system features two portable units that can encrypt and decrypt information transmitted via photons. Experiments have shown that encryption keys can be sent via free-space transmission at distances of up to 6 miles. The system could be used to ensure safe communications between satellites.
Quantum cryptography uses the fundamental law of quantum mechanics: Any observation of a system changes its state. Since photons are elementary particles, they are subject to the law. If a third party attempts to "tune in" to the encrypted transmission, the quantum state of the photons will change, allowing the eavesdropping to be detected. Quantum Computation/Cryptography at Los Alamos homepage

@_date: 2001-08-24 17:48:51
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Quantum Computation/Cryptography at Los Alamos  
Everyone here is perfectly capable of reading my posts and deciding for themselves--why the need for the grand pronouncement? Now that you've told everyone how to think, why not use your filter file and get it over with.
These elaborate, drawn-out "thinking man's" variations on the "you poopy head" theme are a complete waste of time. Who would have ever imagined that someone so intelligent and thoughtful could be so petty.

@_date: 2001-08-24 18:20:58
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Anonymous Posting  
Check the headers, anything I say is accountable to "authenticated user a3495". At least this way, people I irritate have a pretty good idea who to bitch back at and where to hold a grudge. Obviously. And if you honestly believe I don't bring any value to the list, filter me.
No I didn't.
I think you mainly have your bloomers in a bunch because I told your anonymous ass-kiss toady to get a spine.
Filter me.

@_date: 2001-08-25 17:46:58
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money  
True, if you don't pick your program carefully, it's entirely too possible to end up with a nebulous grab bag of an education that doesn't amount to much. It's all in the school, really. And I agree, there are some fantastic lawyer-analysts out there. But the ones I really admire are the mathematician-analysts, the hard-science analysts: they tend not to hog the limelight like some of their more voluble counterparts, but their influence is still enormous.
It's kind of interesting to see how the field evolved and grew out of the strictly military/operations research stuff in the 50s into what it is now. It's still evolving, which is part of what makes it so exciting.  I don't think what I'm doing is any easier than law school, quite the contrary! Maybe it's better to say it *can* be easier than law school--and often is--
but doesn't have to be if you're in the right place and have some purpose behind your choices. And I hope I didn't sound too down on studying law. I took a graduate class in constitutional law myself and spent a semester learning to write briefs, getting acquainted with West's Law Finder, etc. just because it's so important. I'd definitely recommend that much to anyone.

@_date: 2001-08-26 22:15:19
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money  
science analysts: they tend not to hog the limelight like some of their more voluble counterparts, but their influence is still enormous.
Herman Kahn, Thomas Schelling, John Nash. You already mentioned von Neumann, he was the first to come to mind.
Unfortunately, you're probably right. But in an earlier post I brought up an essay entitled 'Intelligence and the Information Revolution' which advocates the creation of analysis programs that suprass old barriers of department and specialty to create what the author termed 'Super Analysts'. If I can find a .pdf copy, I'll post a link, it really is interesting.
Given that most all the people on your list and mine are precisely what the author was driving at, I think the "Super Analyst" approach is certainly worth aspiring to. And as far as I've been able to tell, policy analysis PhD programs offer the most flexible way to pursue a multidisciplinary, scientific approach while striking a good balance between the theoretical and the practical. How well this kind of approach will fit in with the contemporary institutional climate remains to be seen, but on an individual level, you have precious little to lose. (yeah, I know: just "time" and "money". I think the potential payoffs make it worth the risk, YMMV.) Anyone who read my posts carefully probably remembers I already said I'm an assistant research analyst and PhD student. Believe whatever you want; I've said plenty. And in a real sense, it doesn't matter: if my posts are weak, any appeal to credentialism isn't going to make them any stronger.
I'm preparing to try. Of course not, it's a tool like any other. You seem to be trying to extract some kind of entertaining kookery from me that just isn't there.
You can have an enormous influence on policy without producing a "single great work" or "grand project" everyone can point to as being influential. I'm hoping that doing work in policy analysis will help put me in a position to make as much of a difference as I can. I'm not fooling myself as to the likelihood of actually succeeding at any of the things I have in mind, but where's the sense in giving up before you ever get started. is now. It's still evolving, which is part of what makes it so exciting.  I don't think what I'm doing is any easier than law school, quite the I think you misspelled "whippersnappers".

@_date: 2001-08-27 16:11:02
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: biochemwomdterror in dc  
Why? Because you're making a tacit admission that the fact that the panel is being conducted at all is significant--and has a good chance of making a serious impact on future policy decisions. Since RAND is 100% responsible for the real meat of any "assessment" going on, you might say the panel is part of the mechanism by which analysis gets turned into actual policy and legislation. I choose to take this (and dozens of similar panels on widely diverse subjects) as proof that RAND-style policy analysis is alive, well, and more central to the policy process than ever. Call it a "pale imitation" of the early days if you want to, but you have to admit you all aren't ignoring it. And as far as I can tell, you damn sure won't be able to ignore it in the years to come either. Given that, maybe encouraging more cypherpunk-friendly people to take the analysis route isn't such a bad idea after all.  ~Faustine.

@_date: 2001-08-28 15:24:54
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Thinking About the Crypto Unthinkable  
There's nothing magical about it: I never said any amount of formal education is "guaranteed" to do a thing for you--it is very much where you are, who you know, and what you can get them to tell you. But even in the richest of environments, if you're not making the effort to acquire fundamental analytic skills, you might as well concede that you don't "speak the language" and would be better off taking the "capitol hill ho" route instead. Which is odious--and overrated, I might add. Absolutely. But they all shared a certain mindset which made them far more than that, the whole point of bringing them up in the first place. Is that something anyone can teach you? Probably not. Does it depend on having an extremely high IQ and a lot of innate raw potential? You bet. But once you make the decision that there's something to be gained by demanding a lot from yourself, you need to find the right kind of program to facilitate getting you where you need to be to best further your ideas. And as far as I can tell, for me, the "super analyst" approach is the way to go. If you have any other suggestions I'd be glad to hear them.
There's no lack of smart cypherpunk-friendly lawyers, but brilliant pro-
freedom policy analysts are in short supply. If more people here at least considered this an option, I think it would be a good thing.

@_date: 2001-08-29 14:25:24
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
Maybe this is off on a tangent, but why "trust" anyone unless you have something substantial to gain by it? I don't give anyone my trust or ask to be trusted in return unless I have a damn good reason. In fact, it's significant if I even consent to open an e-mail from someone, much less answer it.
How many times has someone "overtly proven themselves trustworthy" and then turned around and stabbed you in the back for no good reason at all? How many times have people here had law enforcement sicced on them over some two-bit petty quibble? Is spilling your guts to people in the interest of ego-enhancing camaraderie really worth the risk you put yourself in by giving them the power of your information to hold over you? No thanks, I'll pass. Don't trust me and I'll be happy to return the favor.
Which reminds me, I don't know why people here seem to think that any sort of "deception operation" would come from people who show up using nyms to express unpopular opinions. (e.g. "you said something I don't want to hear; threfore its FUD and you're a fed.") On the contrary, a really first-rate deception job would probably involve having someone post under their own name and acting in apparent good faith for years, only introducing the deceptive elements gradually, after they've had ample time to "overtly prove themselves trustworthy". If you go around assuming everything is as transparent as the "AOL b0mbz kiddiez" troll you're setting yourself up for a rude awakening. Now whether you choose to take that as an empty scare tactic or someone genuinely trying to get you to collectively wake up? Your call.
I think one of the biggest lessons to take away from the Bell and Johnson cases is the immense danger of practicing abysmally shitty tradecraft while letting your emotions get the better of you. The unbalanced are always easy prey--using the case documents as a "spot the mistakes" instruction manual for what NOT to do couldn't hurt either.
~Faustine.

@_date: 2001-08-29 19:02:59
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Tim May and anonymous flames 
Ya think?
"Target"? Anyone who is strong-willed and has a provocative writing style is going to get flamed here, period. If a person didn't enjoy the back-and-
forth, they probably would have left a long time ago. It's the Tom-Turkey-and-a-bunch-of-Jakes phenomenon.
Why give it any significance, then? Who cares, if it's just an anonymous pot shot? If people didn't endow it with credibility, it wouldn't have any impact at all. You turn your own imagination into your worst enemy. Don't be so gullible. 9. Anybody have any good defenses against this attack.
Yeah, a top-secret SCI weapon known as "a filter file". More seriously, learn not to lose your head over unattributed insults and accusations. Whenever you find yourself tempted to reply to a "you poopy head" thread in kind, don't. Give it up, move on to something more rewarding. If every tiny little insult is enough to work you into a red hot lather, before you know it, the more cold-blooded are going to have you dancing like a galvanic frog. Which would you rather be? The choice is just a mouse click away. And if you're wasting your time bickering over nonsense, you have only yourself to blame.

@_date: 2001-08-30 14:41:08
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship" 
I've heard that In-Q-Tel found a lot of technology they were interested in acquiring that they had to turn down solely because a foreigner was involved in developing it. Just as vigilant as they ever were, "private venture capital" notwithstanding.
Of course it has a trap door, that's probably the whole point of getting it over there in the first place. And by the way, if you're going to question SafeWeb for cooperating with CIA, you might as well criticize ZeroKnowledge for selling a boatload of the Freedom beta to the NSA in 1999 as well. What did they think they wanted it for, farting around on Usenet? I bet they had that sucker reverse-engineered and compromised in two minutes flat. Stands to reason. I wouldn't trust either of them with anything significant.

@_date: 2001-08-30 14:52:46
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship" 
And as long as you have companies like ZeroKnowledge who are willing/gullible/greedy/just plain fucking stupid enough to sell their betas to the NSA, you never will.

@_date: 2001-08-30 17:11:32
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship" 
"Faustine"  wrote :
True, of course they do. "Technology is morally neutral," sure, whatever. Yay capitalism. I still think handing over your security product beta on a silver platter in exchange for a nice fat government contract is a stupid, stupid idea.
Do you really think that anyone would have the slightest qualm about reverse engineering a product like this when "national security interests" are at stake?
Either way, the prospects for "dissident-grade untraceability" are fairly bleak. close enough. ;)

@_date: 2001-08-31 14:43:27
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship"  
If getting the design "eventually" were good enough, why the keen interest in putting in a large order for the beta? There's a reason. Maybe in the long run, it's right to view any objections as being little more than irrelevant, moralistic hand-waving. But I don't find the "they're going to compromise it anyway so why not make a buck when we can" line of reasoning particularly satisfying.
Do you?
You call that pontificating? My saying "Either way, the prospects for "dissident-grade untraceability" are fairly bleak" is either interesting enough to address, or it isn't (for whatever reason.) Going for the gratuitous ad-hominem regarding whatever queer notions you happen to have about what I know or don't know is quite beneath you.
I'm sure I don't need to tell you a thing about the centrality of a secure implementation. Likewise, I'm sure you know that being a "formidable challenge" never prevented anything from being broken before, and it never will. All place-in-the-pecking-order issues aside, roughly how long do you think it's going to take before "dissident-grade untraceability" becomes a reality?  If anyone deigns to show me why the prospects are better than "bleak", I'd love to be proven wrong.

@_date: 2001-08-31 15:21:03
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
Hardly! Anyway, define "feds"--FBI field agents and the folks from Ft. Meade and the think tanks are entirely different species. When, where and to what degree the former implement recommendations from C3D2 studies done by the latter is anyone's guess. And why be sure it's safe to assume they aren't learning from past mistakes? That isn't exactly what I'd call being in your best interest. Bah, it's dangerous to be so sure. And all the fevered talk about Aimee being a fed is hysterical.  Haven't you ever gone to a usenet group and baited people just for the hell of it because you were bored? Because it was fun to pull everyone's strings and watch them whine and howl and stomp their tiny feet at you? I'm not saying I have the first clue about her motivations, but you might want to keep in mind you dont have to be a fed to enjoy playing the Devil's Advocate.
~Faustine.

@_date: 2001-08-31 16:27:39
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship"  
Unless you believe reverse engineering is only useful for making pirated copies, there's no reason to assume any sort of contradiction at all. As if the NSA would use anything from the private sector they didn't know inside out.

@_date: 2001-08-31 17:31:45
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship"  
Sure. But to what extent can you collaborate without a)approaching full-
blown collusion or b) getting taken for a ride in spite of your best efforts? Either way, it's hard to justify trading in on the old "staunch and true defender of privacy" cachet. That is, unless you overestimate your own product, underestimate the skill of those who would break it, and thereby delude yourself into feeling on top of the world.  Hint: nobody at the NSA or in any way concerned with "national security" has the slightest incentive to get you to feel otherwise. Depressing. Yep. Empty symbolic gestures are always expensive. You made a lot of interesting and thoughtful points about DGU too, thanks.

@_date: 2001-07-05 20:43:31
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Most of a nation on probation? 
Well, just because someone is a scumbag doesn't mean he automatically loses his humanity and therefore deserves whatever torture and rape anyone in the facility cares to dish out to him every day for the rest of his life. What happened to OUR humanity in not being concerned about that? No need for the quotes around "suffering" in far too many places in the US, either.  You know as well as I do that labeling someone "potentially violent" is a quick and easy way to take away their rights. For that reason alone, not caring about the rights of "violent offenders" seems like the first step along a slippery slope into full-blown authoritarianism.
In a sense, it all comes back to your idea of the nature and role of punishment in society. Here's an excerpt from a review of Foucault's 1975 work "Discipline and Punish: The Birth of Prison" which I found useful...
*** If punishment serves a social function in healthy societies, it stands to reason that the nature and character of punishment will change along with the society. Different societies will have different modes of punishment, and what counts as the legitimate exercise of violence by the state will change over time. That is to say, punishment has a history. Foucault examines the history of punishment in the West, concentrating specifically on the historical shift in the practice of punishment from the 18th to the 19th century. There is a movement from the public spectacle of dramatic torture to the rise of incarceration in the 19th century and the disappearance of spectacle. It is easy to see the spectacular punishments of old described by Foucault in the beginning of this section as a means of persuasion. The emphasis on publicity and on visibility shows clearly that the goal of punishment is to persuade society through spectacle. Modern forms of punishment still function persuasively, but somewhat differently, as the spectacle has disappeared from public view, and punishment has become a more pervasive and less overtly performative affair.
Foucault finds two processes at work:
disappearance of punishment as spectacle: punishment goes into hiding. It is everywhere and nowhere at the same time. An invisible yet ever present threat (even a certainty, an inevitability). "justice no longer takes public responsibility for the violence that is bound up with its practice," (9). loosening of punishment's hold on the body: with torture, pain is applied to the body directly and publicly. With the disciplinary society of the 19th century forward, the body still feels pain, but it is no longer the object of pain but the medium through which pain is applied as a corrective measure to something else - the soul. "Far from being an art of unbearable sensations, punishment has become an economy of suspended rights," (11). Of course, physical pain accompanies incarceration, but it is transformed in its purpose and object: "There remains, therefore, a trace of 'torture' [supplice] in the modern mechanisms of criminal justice - a trace that has not been entirely overcome, but which is enveloped, increasingly, by the non-corporeal nature of the penal system." (16) What is punished in the 19th century is not the body but the soul. A "substitution of objects" takes place - the idea of crime has changed fundamentally. Crime, the object of concern in the penal system, has profoundly changed in quality. We no longer punish criminal activity. We now punish criminal personalities and souls rather than behavior. Our judgment is not on the act but on the quality of person who commits the act. Our punishments teach us a lesson about who we are and about who the criminal is. "the sentence that condemns or acquits is not simply a judgement of guilt, a legal decision that lays down punishment; it bears within it an assessment of normality and a technical prescription for a possible normalization," (20-1). Foucault also notes the incorporation of medical and therapeutic discourses of the human sciences into criminal justice discourse. The law incorporates these discursive formations into criminal justice to remove human accountability from the process of judicial decisionmaking. Punishment becomes a function of the social machine rather than an action carried out by individuals against other individuals. This process tends both to give a scientific and rationalistic legitimacy to punishment as well as to make punishment (and its particular form) seem like something inevitable and unchangeable. Foucault's "genealogical methodology": situate "repression" and "punishment" within larger sociopolitical contexts. Punishment is treated as one phenomenon within a complex social function, a series of discourses about punishment and crime. punitive methods are analyzed as specific techniques of a general strategy. That general strategy is the exercise of power. Punishment is seen as one method of exercising power. Punishment is thus a political tactic; like war it is one way of exercising power. For Foucault, punishment and war belong to the same general discursive formation. look at the common matrix among discourses which are not normally considered coextensive -- e.g. punishment and war, or punishment and the human sciences. Penal law and human science are not different discourses that just happen to intersect; for Foucault they are manifestations of the same underlying discursive formation -- an "epistemologico-juridical" formation. Investigate whether the entrance of the soul into the terrain of criminal justice is not "the effect of a transformation of the way in which the body itself is invested by power relations," (24). Overall, Foucault argues that we must look at punishment with cognizance of its concrete (and positive) social functions. It is not just a way to prevent crime (negative); it is also a positive system that produces social effects which are desired by the social body. The individual body, Foucault posits, is invested with political power; it is the object of a complex of political repressions, tortures, markings, etc. What is more, these investments are symbolic. The body is forced to "emit signs," (25). The subjection of the body to pain is a means of making the body speak, just like a red "A" or a yellow star of David. The techniques of power - violence applied directly to the body, interrogation, arrest, detention, internment, etc. - may be coherent in their results. But the application of these techniques is disparate and pervasive - it cannot be localized in the state, the private sector, the church, the school, etc. Apparatus and institutions such as these all distribute the exercise of power -- they operate what Foucault calls a microphysics of power. Such a microphysical study of power requires a new understanding of power:
Power is not a property but rather a strategy. It is not something people have or possess. It is a mode of operation - a matter of technique, tactics, maneuvers, etc. The model of power relations is a "perpetual battle" - power relations are constantly in motion and in flux. Power is exercised rather than possessed. power is not purely negative. Those who are dominated are not repressed or without power. In fact, power "invests them; it is transmitted by them and through them; it exerts pressure upon them, just as they themselves, in their struggle against it, resist the grip it has on them," (27). Power produces. power relations are "not univocal." They exist in myriad webs of the exercise of power, from the interactions in the supermarket or parking lot to the police station. Power says many different things; it is not a simple matter to "overthrow" it. Also, power relations cannot be localized in the state or in the police - power acts through us all. relation of power to knowledge: "power produces knowledge ... power and knowledge directly imply one another; ... there is no power relation without the correlative constitution of a field of knowledge, nor any knowledge that does not presuppose and constitute at the same time power relations." (27) Foucault's project, in the end, is a genealogy of the modern soul. The "soul" is understood not as a religious, ideological, or metaphysical myth, but rather as the "present correlative of a certain technology of power over the body," (29). The soul is understood materially as a product of penological discourse. "This real, non-corporal soul is not a substance; it is the element in which are articulated the effects of a certain type of power and the reference of a certain type of knowledge, the machinery by which the power relations give rise to a possible corpus of knowledge, and knowledge extends and reinforces the effects of this power.... The soul is the effect and instrument of a political anatomy; the soul is the prison of the body," (29-30).

@_date: 2001-07-06 16:52:36
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
Frankly, I don't see how any kind of "short-term tactic for possibly illegal
operations on the street in an environment full of police" could be good for anything more than the symbolic. What did these "illegal operations" really accomplish apart from getting out a statement? Serious question. I'm just not seeing it. Making a few gestures pantomiming paramilitary operations is just plain suicidal. The bottom line is that in a protest-type situation, you're relying on the power of negative PR to keep the police from mowing you down any old time they feel like it. It doesn't matter what color you wear or how tight you march, you're still as vulnerable as anyone else if you don't have some serious, serious gear and training. And is that really the direction you're prepared to go? Think about it.
A few acts of vandalism isn't exactly anything I'd call significant. And it's kind of sad that you really think anyone with real power and influence actually gives a damn about anything that happens at these protests to begin with. Sure, it keeps their PR spokesmen spinning, but otherwise it's laughed off as a total joke and annoyance. You don't have to like it to realize that's the way it is. So why not spend your time writing some useful and relevant software or books instead, something that really makes an impact. Creativity, not At any rate, it sure beats facing the prospect of rotting in jail as a political prisoner on trumped-up destruction of property charges--sending your whole life straight down the toilet for absolutely nothing. But it's your lives, do whatever you want. I'm sure you will.

@_date: 2001-07-10 14:30:42
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
Sure, but to what end? It's hardly an irrelevant question...
Fine. So how much anonymity do you anticipate having after the feds squirt a little of some new "nonlethal" substance straight down the middle of the thing and your vinegar hankies just aren't up to it? Go ahead, rack yourselves up like billiard balls for them--I'm sure they'll appreciate how much easier it is cleaning up the sticky foam afterwards. Speaking of which, here's a great quote about "nonlethals" from an awesome (and frightening) book on urban operations, "The City's Many Faces" by Russell W. Glenn, quoting someone from LASD:
"When I was in Somalia we had issues with foams, particularly sticky foam. I recall a conversation with our staff Judge Advocate that went something like this:
"Gunner, what happens if you shoot someone in the face?"
I said, "Sir?"
He says, "Will it stick their lips shut?"
I replied "yes Sir, it'll stick their lips shut."
He says, "Well, they'll die."
I said "yes Sir, and that's why *we* dont call it nonlethal.""
So much for that. The other emerging crowd control technologies might make you reconsider, too. Worth a look!!
And think of what a person really needs to be fully prepared to go into a riot situation--you'd be outfitted and equipped just like a fed. That's a clue for you right there. Of course, I guess you could always spraypaint your class IV body armor, locking plates, aramid fiber helmets etc. etc. pink or something. Or green. Now *that* would be a turtle suit worth talking about. But since nobody thinks its worth explaining why the bloc noir is more than symbolic, I guess it's a moot point. And IMHO the best way to achieve anonymity in meatspace? A great place to start would be by not deliberately engaging in "possibly illegal operations on the street in an environment full of police". You're doomed before you ever get started. But I could be wrong. Don't say I didn't tell you so.
Something to think about...

@_date: 2001-07-10 18:22:12
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace,  
>   Bitch, you really are a pig, aren't you? Oh, don't protest, don't
Nonsense, that's not what I said at all. I raised some serious issues--and all ad-hominem attacks aside, here are a few more for anyone who feels up for it:
Can you see a fundamental difference between activism/protest/resistance that makes a difference and "illegal operations on the street in an environment full of police"?
What's the point of putting yourself into a situation where you have no chance of accomplishing anything besides getting arrested(or killed)and making some sort of symbolic statement--that doesn't fundamentally affect a single soul beyond whoever gets their property damaged? Why does pointing out the myriad ways it's possible for unarmed people to get swatted like flies by provoking people with superior gear and training automatically mean one in any way identifies with the swatters? Do you really think being an idealist should preclude you from reasoning like a realist? Who's more likely to make a difference at the WTO: a) someone outside, throwing golf balls at the building b) someone inside, presenting compelling arguments to the assembly and individual delegates
Can't you think of a better way to use your skills and talents than "fucking shit up" and getting arrested? Can't you even think of a better way to get across your message? I can, lots of people here can.
But then, it could just be you're trying to troll me from behing that anonymous remailer of yours.
agent provocateur (azhang provocater): "an agent employed to induce or incite a suspected person or group to commit an incriminating act."
If you're not one, it's better than even money that you didn't know that the idea of the agent provocateur was invented by Czarist Russia over 100 years ago to stir the Serbs in the Balkans to a rebellion against the Turks, which Russia could use as a pretext to declare war. But its use was most prominent in combating the Socialists during the Russian Revolution of 1905. The Czars targeted young students for the operation of the "agents provocateurs" because students were deemed more impressionable and emotional. At one point 20 percent of all young Russian students were reported to be paid undercover agents who were to organize anti-government demonstrations and then lead the demonstrators straight into the fire of the Czarist police. Think about it. Given that, if you can't even keep a cool head posting to a message board, then you really ARE doomed.

@_date: 2001-07-10 20:01:27
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace, 
It depends on which sort of behavior you mean--none of these causes believed in violence at all! Back in the day, anarchists used to assasinate people. What came of it? The Sacco and Vanzetti case. Here's an uncomforably familiar bit on that--just fill in new details and it's as contemporary as ever:
"The arrest of Sacco and Vanzetti coincided with the period of the most intense political repression in American history, the "Red Scare" 1919-20. The police trap they had fallen into had been set for a comrade of theirs, suspected primarily because he was a foreign-born radical. While neither Sacco nor Vanzetti had any previous criminal record, they were long recognized by the authorities and their communities as anarchist militants who had been extensively involved in labor strikes, political agitation, and antiwar propaganda and who had had several serious confrontations with the law. They were also known to be dedicated supporters of Luigi Galleani's Italian-language journal Cronaca Sovversiva, the most influential anarchist journal in America, feared by the authorities for its militancy and its acceptance of revolutionary violence...
During this period the government's acts of repression, often illegal, were met in turn by the anarchists' attempts to incite social revolution, and at times by retaliatory violence; the authorities and Cronaca were pitted against each other in a bitter social struggle just short of open warfare. A former editor of Cronaca was strongly suspected of having blown himself up during an attentat on Attorney General Palmer's home in Washington, D.C. on June 2, 1919, an act that led Congress to vote funds for anti-radical investigations and launch the career of J. Edgar Hoover as the director of the General Intelligence Division in the Department of Justice. The Sacco-
Vanzetti case would become one of his first major responsibilities. In 1920, as the Italian anarchist movement was trying to regroup, Andrea Salsedo, a comrade of Sacco and Vanzetti, was detained and, while in custody of the Department of Justice, hurled to his death. On the night of their arrest, authorities found in Sacco's pocket a draft of a handbill for an anarchist meeting that featured Vanzetti as the main speaker. In this treacherous atmosphere, when initial questioning by the police focused on their radical activities and not on the specifics of the Braintree crime, the two men lied in response. These falsehoods created a "consciousness of guilt" in the minds of the authorities, but the implications of that phrase soon became a central issue in the Sacco-Vanzetti case: Did the lies of the two men signify criminal involvement in the Braintree murder and robbery, as the authorities claimed, or did they signify an understandable attempt to conceal their radicalism and protect their friends during a time of national hysteria concerning foreign-born radicals, as their supporters were to claim?"
Ouch. There's a real lesson there!
Besides, I think a lot of the success of the symbolic protests you mentioned were actually a logical result of what was going on behind the scenes--sure, they protests functioned as a PR-strategic push, but without very intelligent and dedicated people interfacing with the power structure, nothing ever would have happened at all. You remember the people who conceptualized, organized and signed the treaty, not the ones who threw the bombs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton didn't *need* the Pankhursts, if you get my drift. Maybe, but keep in mind asymmetry and idealism don't always go together. Also, define "idealistic". For instance, Mao appealed to the idealism of his followers, but his tactics were as hardcore as they come. And what happens when a repressive state starts to adopt asymmetric strategies to overcome asymmetric threats? That's the way it's moving, slowly but Hm. I still think you need both.
Yep, it's certainly worth another look. Meanwhile here's a relevant quote of his I do remember: "The worst policy is to attack cities. Attack cities only when there is no alternative." So there you have it... ;)

@_date: 2001-07-11 15:14:44
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace, 
Exactly: those weren't the groups that made the real impact when it actually came to getting down to business and changing policy. Blame MKULTRA or whatever you want, but the bottom line is that they fell apart (and had their members killed or put in jail) whereas groups who didn't espouse violence continue to this day.
And while
Without Ghandi, British policy would have taken a far different turn. Violence hasn't exactly been a stunning success for the IRA, has it.
Guess you totally missed what I was trying to say about the Pankhursts. Oh come on. Address my points, don't insult me. We can get as specific as you like--there are too many issues here to cover them in adequate detail in a couple of posts. Not Ghandi, Martin Luther King, Susan B. Anthony, Bobby Kennedy and and the vast majority of the people who espoused the causes you mentioned above. The ones who made the real difference--the ones who immediately come to mind every time we think of their cause--didn't espouse violence. If you want to talk about Che and Mao and Chairman Gonzalo, that's another story.
Not because of the anarchists decision to espouse violence, which the point of the above question.
If you want to talk about tactics of anarchists today, why not draw on examples from other groups who espoused violence, rather than comparing them to groups which largely used peaceful tactics. Apples and oranges.
After Rodney King? the LAPD scandal? Abner Louima? Mumia? Patrick Dorismond? Not anymore. Ever see statistics on the way people perceive racial profiling? Maybe the "kindly cop" stereotype still holds in  whitebread middle America, but the rest of the nation is getting a clue. Who said it did? I thought it was interesting to note how it paralells quite a few different cases today. Anyway, I certainly think it's more relevant to the effects of the tactics of anarchism than bringing up Ghandi. Who doesn't? Anyway, I wasn't bringing it up to score debate points or some childish thing like that, why counter it that way. Too bad you didnt see anything interesting there-- I really do think it's really worth considering, especially in light of the whole "counterterrorist mania".
Not really, it's a complex set of issues. Why don't you say a little more in detail about why "spirit" is a more central issue than tactics, that ought to be interesting.

@_date: 2001-07-13 16:16:37
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace, 
>    What? You are really a bit ignorant -- there are plenty of SDS and
Of course they didn't. The bottom line is that their organizations were torn apart by operations conducted against them, I'm sure I don't need to give you a lecture about all that. Maybe the Panther party is making a comeback, but you can't deny they're a long way from where they were before the intel community went to work on them. Look what's happening to the radical environmentalists today, they're up for exactly the same kind of treatment. You declare open war on the state, and the state is going to declare open war on YOU as "a threat to public safety."
Maybe, maybe not, but it's a side issue when youre talking about what made his tactics a success. Of course!! Proof that violence only works when it's more than symbolic. I should have been more clear about what I meant: if they really engaged in an all-out prolonged conflict (the way the original Irish Republican Army did)it would have been a totally different issue than a march here, a bomb there etc. The government never just "gives in" out of the goodness of its heart in recognition of superior "spirits" or something vague like that. And at the very least, you have to admit they aren't relying on bloc noirs, vinegar hankies and catapults.  But he wasn't an anarchist. My point is if you're out to overthrow the state (as opposed to fighting for your rights within the system like the causes above) you better have more than turtle suits and golf balls. I still think it's too complex to boil it down to a single element like that. Have you heard the newest batch of Nixon tapes? The Kissinger transcripts from the National Archives? Worth a listen.
I can't believe you don't think he had an impact...
they deserved.
How can you even talk about civil rights (or rights at all) when you think something like that.
Dream on. This isnt the 60's anymore...read about preparations for urban operations (keyword MOUT) and see what you're in for. It's a whole new ball game. But it didn't. These days, people get a little pepper spray in the face and the next thing you know they're on TV gasping and whining about those nasty old cops. What the hell did they expect? Some revolution, when they think it's worth crying around about the terrible injustice of getting non-
vegitarian baloney sandwiches in jail. Ten years from now, those weakminded fuckers are probably going to sell out just like their pothead stock-
options smug yuppie parents did.
Everybody pats themselves on the back about how great the 60s were, but things didn't fundamentally change all that much. If they were so successful, than why is the state more bloated, more repressive and more intrusive than ever?  We got out of Vietnam, but turned right around and sent the same special ops people into Central America and a hundred other places we don't even know much about. And so it goes. Committing violence in the US isn't the answer, working within the system to change it from the inside is. What came out of the Church Committee in terms of congressional oversight, the creation of the Freedom of Information Act, writing PGP and developing other privacy enhancing technologies--they all made a difference. Wouldn't you rather look back and know you spent your time on something real?
Not only is there a big difference between the US and the UK, there's a difference between local and federal approaches to handling conflict. And given the huge push toward federalizing law enforcement, there's nothing at all to rest easy about. ~Faustine.

@_date: 2001-07-15 17:13:48
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace, 
--
The FBI explioted this mindset to the hilt--COINTELPRO kept them all twitching like galvanic frogs. The merest stimulus and they exploded right on cue. Getting your enemies to destroy themselves, what a strategy. The whole thing is a depressing reminder of what happens when hot-headed idealism faces off against cold-blooded realism. Call me a fence sitter, but there's got to be another way.
Here's a great link, if youre interested: The COINTELPRO Papers Documents from the FBI's Secret Wars Against Dissent in the United States by Ward Churchill & Jim Vander Wall South End Press ISBN 0-89608-359-4

@_date: 2001-07-16 15:52:58
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace, 
My point was the feds didn't have to murder anybody--play them off each other and they do it to themselves.
Without that extra "push"? You're probably right, chances are they would have self-destructed sooner or later. Though it's true Mao made it work--
no matter how many in his own cadre he killed. I guess hippies waving
their little red books around in their stupid marches just wasn't
enough, huh.
Still, if you read the documentation, COINTELPRO was quite a formidable program. I don't see any reason why contemporary half-baked loopy radical groups who espouse violence should expect anything less. Especially now that the national security bureaucracy and their analytic institutions
are  getting "information warfare" and deception operations down to a
science. Ignore it at your own peril...

@_date: 2001-07-17 17:41:46
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace, 
Sure, I agree that 98+% of what's out there is crap. That's why it's useful to examine sources (like the book I mentioned) consisting of primary documents. Ditch the nutcase exegesis and see for yourself: not perfectly reliable by any means but at least it circumvents a lot of the paranoid I think MK-ULTRA is the project the "evil CIA mind rays" people hang their hat on; you're even more unlikely to find reasonable commentary on that one. Embarassing, really.
True: but then there's always the gray area of exactly what's done in the name of "what bad people deserve" that keeps me uneasy about the whole thing. Have you read Gordon Thomas' book about the Mossad, "Gideon's Spies"? He was allowed to interview all the top agency people, so you can be sure nothing got out the agency didn't want out. Even still, it's a fascinating, hard-hitting look at what happens when an organization of brilliant, ruthless people come to exist in a system with limited accountability: hardcore realpolitik at its most elemental. Interesting to compare to the way things get done (and don't get done)in the US. For instance, they don't have any qualms at all about using state-sponsored asassination a tool of policy--it gets the job done, but at what price? How much of a difference does it make that they face a near-immediate threat from all sides; if the same became true of the US would it somehow become a more appropriate strategy? No easy answers. Besides the obvious hypocricy, part of that comes from the unfortunate tendency to care about "what's close to home" at the expense of a more significant larger picture. Come to think of it, I can't believe more isn't on the web about the horrors of the Stasi; did you catch the stories about how they contaminated people with radiation as a form of tracking and had a huge collection of little jars containing scent samples of all dissidents, in case they needed to round them up? Horrible, check it out.  I don't know if that's really true of the US, I'm sure it depends on which agency you're talking about. Given that the NSA is so much larger than the rest of the agencies combined, it stands to reason that tips the scale toward "foreign", but I could be wrong. Not something you can really know without hard data. No doubt, chalk it up to the crap factor.  The original documents say a lot though.

@_date: 2001-07-20 14:49:48
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: "panda huggers" vs. the new McCarthyism 
US News & World Report 7/23/01
CHINA How big a threat?
Inside the bitter fight over assessing China's intentions By Richard J. Newman and Kevin Whitelaw It was originally created by the U.S. Air Force and is now entrusted with some of the U.S. government's most sensitive and secretive national security studies. So executives at Rand, a think tank based in Santa Monica, Calif., were stunned when intelligence officials called on June 8 to say they were firing Rand from a classified project ordered by Congress to assess China's future military capabilities. The National Intelligence Council (NIC), a group that reports directly to CIA chief George Tenet, concluded that Rand was failing to do its job adequately and decided it needed to hire another contractor.
But there is another side to the story. As Rand held conferences with experts and conducted its analysis, it seemed that the eventual report would depict China as a growing military powerbut as no match for the United States in the near future. The NICitself under pressure from Republican hawks in Congressappeared to be looking for a different, more alarming conclusion. At one point, for instance, the NIC pressured Rand to add several specific China hard-liners to its conference roster, U.S. News has learned. "They want China to be 10 feet tall," complains one analyst familiar with the project. "They're cooking the books." Faced with resistance from Rand, according to some sources, the NIC decided to seek a more compliant contractor. A senior intelligence official denies that the NIC was shopping for a predetermined result.
Either way, the controversy provides a window into the battle underway in Washington over how great a threat China poses in the next decade or soa debate that has intensified since the arrival of the Bush administration with its agenda to increase military spending and build a missile defense system. In this instance, the full storylike the initial work performed by Randis hidden from public view by government secrecy. The outcome of the larger debate, however, will have huge ramifications for the future security posture of the United States and billions of dollars in defense spending. "Panda huggers." China looms as the biggest factor in U.S. defense policy since the demise of the Soviet Union. A militarily aggressive China would give defense planners a useful foil: an identifiable enemy. That's just what a self-styled "Blue Team" of conservatives foreseesa China intent on annexing Taiwan, by force if necessary, and dominating Japan and South Korea. That would put China on a collision course with the United States, thereby justifying a surge of U.S. spending on weapons ranging from Stealth bombers to the national missile shield. A docile and more democratic China, on the other hand, would undercut calls for higher defense spending. With a Communist government once again in the cross hairs, passions are ramping up to a Cold War pitch. Blue Teamers label those who disagree with them "panda huggers." Blue Teamers, in turn, have been derided as "the storm troopers." At meetings for the Rand study during the spring, project managers had to establish rules forbidding personal insults. Shouting erupted at several meetings, according to people who were present. Blue Team participants complained later of feeling ignored during conference sessions. Says one: "It was clear that they were just going through the motions."
The raw emotions stem from more than personal disagreements. Over the past decade, many more members of Congress and their staffers have received access to the Central Intelligence Agency's classified intelligence. The GOP-controlled Congress, deeply distrustful of the Clinton administration's handling of defense and foreign policy, began asking for alternative assessments. "In recent years, there has been a lot of second-guessing of the CIA's analyses," says Steven Aftergood of the Federation of American Scientists. Congress's 1999 intelligence bill, for example, suggested that the China-
Taiwan Issues Group in the CIA's Directorate of Intelligence was prone to "group think" and directed the CIA to expose its China analysts to "contrary thinking" to challenge their suppositions. Republican Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama, vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, says the intelligence community "was not rigorous in its analysis" of the future potential China threat. An external commission established by last year's intelligence bill, and chaired by retired Army Gen. John Tilelli, accused the CIA of an "institutional predisposition" to play down the China threat, in a classified report delivered to Congress last week.
But intelligence analysts view Congress's new activism as an alarming effort to bully the CIA into producing analyses consistent with conservative ideology. "If you're on the inside, you feel like you're being pilloried," says a former intelligence official. "It's very McCarthyesque," adds another. A number of analysts involved with the scotched Rand report believe that this fiasco represents a rare instance when motives to generate evidence in support of predetermined conclusions were laid bare. "Coming from this Congress, it did worry me [from the beginning] that there was an intent on getting a specific answer," says one close observer. What makes China especially controversial is that Western intelligence agencies know so little about it. "We knew way more about the Soviet Union than we do about China," says one Pentagon official who has worked on several China studies. Influential Pentagon strategist Andrew Marshalla key adviser to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeldhas long argued that Pentagon planners need to focus more on Asia.
No common ground. So little hard information leaves wide room for interpretation among analysts trying to puzzle out the enigmatic Asian nation. "No one disputes the basic fact of China's military buildup," says Arthur Waldron of the University of Pennsylvania. "The argument is about its significance." Hawks see a massive military buildup at a time when China has no discernible enemywhich can only mean its arsenal is directed at the United States. Others see a second-rate military power struggling to modernize a force with outdated tactics and ancient equipment. The rancor stemming from ideological differences seems to have hardened positions. "The middle ground is sparsely populated," observes one analyst. On paper, there seems to be a lot to worry about. The Pentagon estimates that China could build as many as 1,000 ballistic missiles per year over the next decade. Most of those would be designed to strike airfields, aircraft carriers, ports, and other key facilities in the event of a war over Taiwan. As many as 650 of those may be deployed near the coast opposite Taiwan and targeted directly at the renegade province. China is building space reconnaissance satellites that would be able to track U.S. aircraft carriers and other forces during a conflict. It will soon have a cruise missile like the U.S. Tomahawk. Participants at the Rand conferences raised other intriguing concerns. Several suggested that Chinese agents have penetrated U.S. bases in Okinawa, Japan, and perhaps elsewhere in the Pacific. That could help China gain key intelligence during a conflict and even conduct sabotage or terrorism.
But China, with a decrepit industrial base and a risk-averse socialist bureaucracy, faces even more difficulty than advanced nations in developing high-tech weaponry. And China's leaders face handicaps other nations don't. For starters, Beijing's Communist leadership appears far more concerned about threats from inside China than about extending its military reach. China's People's Liberation Army includes 10 divisionsthe total number in the active-duty U.S. Armydedicated solely to maintaining internal order. China also faces a mounting financial crunch. While its economy is growing rapidly, the Chinese government still supports numerous Soviet-style, state-
run businesses, which mostly lose money. "Just floating all these state-
owned enterprises is almost driving them bankrupt," says Richard Dunn, a retired Army colonel and China specialist at defense contractor SAIC. Meanwhile, Chinese troops appear to be minor leaguers compared with their American counterparts. Many U.S. experts blamed the April collision between an EP-3 surveillance plane and a Chinese fighter jet on poor skills by the Chinese pilot.
Chinese leaders are aware of their military limitations. That's why Chinese defense planners stress "asymmetrical" warfare rather than attempt to match the U.S. jet for jet and ship for ship. China's asymmetrical approach is to develop weapons and strategies that would most effectively counter U.S. strengths: lasers or jammers to disrupt U.S. satellites and other "eyes and ears"; submarines that might be able to sink a large U.S. ship and produce a disconcerting list of casualties; and, of course, hundreds of missiles that would be hard to shoot down and would force American forces to operate without access to many of the ports and airfields they typically rely on. But this capability does not yet exist. "Not only can't we predict which way they're going to go," says Dunn, "I think they can't predict which way they're going to go."
Infighting. A much safer forecast is that the China slugfest will continue to rage among U.S. strategists and probably intensify. Armed with a critical Tilelli reportand perhaps a second damning report from whomever the CIA selects to replace RandCapitol Hill Republicans could call for a "Team B" reassessment of the China threat. That's what happened in the 1970s, when Congress appointed a second team of outsiders to re-examine the Soviet threat. That assessment portrayed a much more serious military buildup than previously thought, which triggered Ronald Reagan's huge boosts in defense spending in the 1980s. And in 1998 a commission headed by Rumsfeld reported that the ballistic missile threat to the United States was more serious than the CIA had been reporting. The CIA, in response, heightened its own estimate of the threat.
Republicans hoping for a similar outcome on China may even find help from across the political aisle, where liberals decry China's labor and human-
rights practices. Democratic Sen. Robert Byrd of West Virginia last year helped create the U.S.-China Security Review Commission, whose job is to gauge whether China's trade relationship is influencing U.S. national security decisions. The committee has $3 million for its work over the next several years. By then, perhaps it will be clearer whether China is public enemy No. 1 or just a public-relations ploy.

@_date: 2001-07-20 15:01:43
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Meatspace, 
Point well taken. But the same could be said of the "crimes and bad behavior" at Waco and Ruby Ridge; it might have been their fault, but
they sure as hell didn't deserve what ultimately happened to them any
more than the commies did. I'm not out to defend any ideology, only the
idea of government agents' accountability to the rule of law.

@_date: 2001-07-20 20:47:24
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists  
So it's an insult to be American, is it? Who's being bigoted now. If you really have something interesting to contribute, why not bypass the namecalling and stick to the issues.  Huh? Speaking for myself, I'm not "owned" by anyone. I obey state and federal laws though, if that's what you mean. You don't need a gun to enforce ownership, what do you think contract and property law is all about. Sometimes words or a fist do just as well... What any of this has to do with supporting the 2nd Amendment right to bear arms is totally unclear. By the way, why don't you think people have a right to defend their own lives and property? When I'm attacked, why shouldn't I fight back? A nation state that adopted a foreign policy based on "turning the other cheek" wouldn't last a month. So why should I as an individual citizen? Nobody said you have to relish the idea of mowing people down to believe in the principle of defending yourself. In fact, I don't think it's going too far to say that if you don't take reasonable measures to provide for your own safety, you're a contemptible fool and a coward. What would you do in a situation where no one from the state is around to help you? Run? Pray? Roll over and die? If you can't or won't defend yourself, those are about the only options you'll have.
In my case, I'm lucky enough to be able to decide that "providing for my own safety" doesn't involve owning a gun at all. But who am I to make that decision for anyone else? Who are you?
Define "on top". No matter where you are intellectually or financially, the botttom line is that you deserve to defend yourself when people are trying to harm you.
Define "below". Let's see, who's "below" me, criminals? I think criminals realize better than most the advantages of superior firepower. So why not wake up, take the hint, and quit living like a lamb waiting for the slaughter. But go ahead, it's entirely your choice.

@_date: 2001-07-21 18:38:18
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Killing the G8 Anarchists,  
..so does this mean you're going to be the first to share with the readership exactly *which* state and federal laws you break on a regular basis? LOL ridiculous. property law is all about. "all power flows from the barrel of a gun?" Maybe so. But most people who sign contracts are more motivated by the threat of lawsuits, jail and fines than the direct threat of violence.
Nothing I see there really points to personal disarmament being a wise course of action.
Absolutely, no doubt about it. So how does it follow that this somehow makes it okay to harm other people and destroy their property without being held accountable for it by the people themselves? Legitimate protest is one thing, but the problem is, people who are out to "fuck shit up" aren't too discriminate about their targets. If your business was in the middle of a riot zone, would you just choose the "roll over and die" option? Somehow I think not.
There are too many disparate groups under the umbrella of "anti-
globalization" to be able to sum it up into a single claim like that. Abused and destroyed? What, how, when, by whom? How can you hope to make policy around some vague generalization. More analysis, less rhetoric.
That's what NGOs are for. There are some interesting books about their growing importance and the role of technology in making it happen that are really encouraging...have you seen a book by David Ronfeldt and John Arquilla called "The Zapatista Social Netwar in Mexico"? I don't know if you can get a online copy somewhere but it's worth a look.
Where did that come from, I believe 100% in the right to be left alone. Anyone on this earth can do whatever they want, but attack me and be prepared to PAY: what could be more honest and straightforward than that. It's just insane to expect people to put themselves at the mercy of anyone who comes along: what are you really saying here, feel free to fill me in! A great place to start might be defining "anti-globalism", the reasons behind the need for violent indiscriminate protest, and how any of that bears a relation to the second amendment. Sheesh...

@_date: 2001-07-21 19:53:27
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: G8, issues, and familiarity 
True, that would be great. But how many of the remaining 42 percent consider themselves educated, but are nevertheless content to mindlessly repeat mickey mouse platitudes and propaganda spoon-fed to them from on high, and who couldn't pass a rudimentary econ 101 test if their lives depended on it?
More analysis, less rhetoric.

@_date: 2001-07-22 15:41:06
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: G8, issues, and familiarity  
Whose fault is it then? Anyone well-off enough to be reading CNN online hasn't got much of reason not to educate themselves. Nobody gets a free pass--I take responsibility for my own ignorance, and don't feel the need to be ashamed of it because I'm actively working to overcome it every day. Believe it or not, I went from being a high school dropout literally living on the street to a PhD student with a research job entirely on my own, with nothing to get me there but will and intelligence: why should I feel an ounce of sympathy for people with far more material advantages than I ever had who never made use of them? No, I'm just disgusted with the majority of the great smug, lazy, and complacent middle class of America. I find their peculiar brand of mushheadded apathy to be beneath contempt. One of my hot buttons, I guess.
John von Neumann is spinning in his grave...
Bah! How about this one:
The fundamental difference between engineering with and without statistics boils down to the difference between the use of a scientific method based upon the concept of laws of nature that do not allow for chance or uncertainty and a scientific method based upon the concept of laws of probability as an attribute of nature. - W.A.Shewhart There!! :)

@_date: 2001-07-22 17:15:53
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: NetCurrents: Echelon for the Private Sector 
Did you know that NetCurrents, which bills itself as "the Internet's Premiere Intelligence Agency", conducts real-time monitoring of message boards, chatrooms, and IRC channels, logging and producing reports on all occurences of particluar keywords for their clients?
Echelon for the private sector, pure and simple. They even developed a kind of AI to assign a score to messages based on whether they are positive, neutral, or negative, even scoring emoticons. For example, if I were to write something on a message board unfriendly to any given product or company, (say, for example, NetCurrents and their bullshit privacy-invading Big Brother monitoring services D:< ), it would likely assign my message a very low score indeed and log it in its entirety, along with my e-mail address, into one of their databases to be reviewed by some marketing hack (or ???) at a later date. It might be interesting to find out who's using this, wouldn't it. Check out their Orwellian webpage:
The Internet is Talking...Are you listening?
The Internet provides individuals with great opportunities to intentionally distort and mislead public perceptions about corporations, which can have a significant effect on a company's shareholder value and public image. Anonymous Internet postings have become a serious threat to companies - often requiring only a matter of minutes for their effects to be felt. With more than 3,800 new Websites and more than 250,000 new messages posted to message boards each day, managing information on the Internet has become an overwhelming and labor intensive process.
Real-Time Message Analysis and Alerts
Utilizing the advanced real-time Internet search technology (F.I.R.S.T - Fast Internet Real-Time Search Technology) developed by NetCurrents to monitor Internet discussion, CyberPerceptions provides up to the minute online analysis of message board activity to help you develop better business strategies, stronger competitive positioning and deeper understanding of consumer perceptions about your company's products or To help qualify and quantify this vast amount of online information, your NetCurrents Internet Strategists will analyze and react to critical situations caused by negative or incorrect information posted on Websites and Internet discussion sites. No more combing through thousands of messages on the message boards, as NetCurrents helps you determine which messages have the greatest impact on your company.
CyberPerceptions charts and graphs provide you with "at a glance" information with message review capabilities to easily evaluate online CyberPerceptions charts and graphs provide you with "at a glance" information with message review capabilities to easily evaluate online NetCurrents is uniquely positioned to deliver the intelligence and expertise you need to:
Leverage your competitive strategy Evaluate emerging Internet issues Build and protect your market leadership
Proactive Online Image Management
Our highly trained Internet Strategists provide valuable resources to help you build a strong, positive brand image, brand loyalty, and brand positioning in local markets and around the world. They also assist you in meeting a variety of other goals, including those you define that could contribute to your corporation's market value. We offer a broad, expanding range of services to cover your interests. NetCurrents range of services include: Reporting on message board activity Monitoring stock volume and volatility Assisting in removal of false information from message boards Disseminating accurate and appropriate information Extensive competitive intelligence reporting Performing critical due diligence for your pending acquisition Our extensive resources help protect and build your company's global image and extend its value, freeing you to focus more on running your core operations and increasing profitability.
CyberPerceptions utilizes a modular design concept, which allows us to tailor our services to your business requirements, enabling a multitude of services to be integrated into a unique, customized solution for each individual client.
The baseline CyberPerceptions service includes:
Access to a dedicated NetCurrents Internet Strategist Secure NetCurrents client portal Monitoring and notification Customer defined alert criteria Graphical detailed statistics with message drill-down Message query capability allows archive search of posted messages Remote portal access via an Internet enabled wireless device Ability to add additional modules to customize our services to your business requirements
Develop better business strategies, stronger competitive positioning and deeper understanding of Internet consumer perceptions about your company's products or services with CyberPerceptions.
Stay informed with internet perceptions at your fingertips.
NetCurrents' MobilePerceptions delivers a wireless graphical reporting tool that helps you stay in continuous contact with your company's Internet perception by providing online sentiment information accessible anywhere you are. As a CyberPerceptions customer, you can take advantage of this service at no extra charge.
NetCurrents' MobilePerceptions gives you the ability to monitor specific Internet information summaries about your company's online image and reputation via a Palm OS compatible Internet enabled wireless device. You can continuously check for the latest messages and monitors shifts in opinion where ever you are, 24/7. Quickly evaluate and initiate responses to rumors and misinformation about your company with access to online sentiment charts, messages posted on Internet discussion groups, and wireless notifications based on your specific predetermined alert criteria.
Knowledge Management on the go
You can view consolidated bar charts with message drill-down capabilities for evaluating Internet communications and understanding your company's overall online appearance. Listing the top poster identities will give you the ability to read messages and track the online identity of your company's most vocal supporters and critics even while you are away from the office.
MobilePerceptions Features:
Real-time summary of online topics. Top poster identities with message volume. Alert notifications based on your company's requirements. Message drill-down for more detailed information.
With MobilePerceptions ability to check the most recent alerts posted to your MyNetCurrents Web portal, you will stay informed of rapidly changing events as they happen.
If you are already a NetCurrents customer and own a Palm VII handheld, you may take immediate advantage of this great new service at no extra cost. Click here to download the wireless application, free of charge!!

@_date: 2001-07-23 13:50:09
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: NetCurrents: Echelon for the Private Sector,  
John Doe
Actually, it's used for whatever the client wants: there's nothing in the technology that prevents it from being applied to private e-mail accounts, or searching all the hard drives on a network. About the "no expectation of privacy in a public place" angle: do you really think two people talking solely to each other on IRC expect their throwaway comments to be monitored, logged, and made part of some lame marketing presentation? Once people know the technical capacity is there for that to happen, that's one thing. But otherwise it hardly seems right. all Of course you're right, no one can expect to be handed privacy on a platter. How do you feel about web bugs and cookies--if it's part of the private sector, anything goes?
I don't think legislation is the answer--educating people so they can take care of themselves makes sense to me. Hence my two cents about Private-
sector Echelon.

@_date: 2001-07-24 13:37:30
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: RAND Privacy Conference: pdf links 
RAND Privacy and Emerging Technologies Conference
"How do emerging technologies such as biotechnology, computer monitoring, and overhead imaging impact privacy and corresponding policy? As emerging technologies improve the private and public sectors' ability to gather individual information, policymakers must call into question: *The balance between security and privacy *The difference between perceived and legitimate privacy threats *The inter-linkages among emerging technologies and the impact on privacy *The roles of government and industry in regulating privacy
Join RAND analysts, legal scholars, policymakers, executive and legislative branch officials and business leaders in examining these issues on July 23, 2001, at RAND's Washington Office. RAND's Privacy and Emerging Technologies Conference is sponsored by the Arroyo Center."
Unfortunately, it was yesterday, but there are still lots of excellent online .pdf documents linked in the "related publications" page:

@_date: 2001-07-24 13:47:13
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: ABC: "Exercise Exposes U.S. Vulnerability to Bio-terrorism" 
ABC WORLD NEWS TONIGHT ABC TV
7:00 PM JULY 23, 2001
EXERCISE EXPOSES U.S. VULNERABILITY TO BIO-TERRORISM: A recent exercise
conducted at Andrews Air Force Base demonstrated clearly that neither U.S.
political leaders, nor the American health care system, is prepared to
respond adequately to any major bio-terrorist attack. Peter Jennings, John
Yang, ABC.
Exercise Exposes U.S. Vulnerability to Bio-terrorism
PETER JENNINGS: In Washington today, there was a dramatic reminder the U.S.
has a lot to do if it wants to be ready for a bio-terrorist attack on the
country. A few weeks ago, at Andrews Air Force Base, former and current
government officials participated in an exercise called "Dark Winter." It
was designed to see how the U.S. might respond to a smallpox attack - not
very well. Here's ABC's John Yang.
JOHN YANG: This was the scenario - in Oklahoma City, twenty confirmed cases
of smallpox. More suspected in Georgia and Pennsylvania. The White House is
in crisis. Former senator Sam Nunn played the role of the president.
SAM NUNN [Former Senator]: The enemy is invisible. The enemy is insidious
and spreading everywhere, and you don't know how to contain it.
YANG: Mr. Nunn had at his disposal a makeshift national security council of
former federal officials. His first questions were about public health. The
answers were grim there - is no cure and vaccine for only 12 million in the
United States.
Oklahoma Governor Frank Keating played himself.
FRANK KEATING [Governor of Oklahoma]: It was one of those situations that
got more horrific as more information rolled out.
YANG: As they tried to limit the outbreak, tensions quickly arose between
health officials and the military - who would get the vaccines? And between
federal and local authorities - who was in charge?
GOV. KEATING: I said, "I'm going to close the airports. I'm going to close
all roads in and out of my state." One of the generals from the federal
family said, "what authority do you have to do that?" And I said, "I just
did it."
YANG: It was too late. They were soon told the outbreak would spread to 25
states, and 300,000 people would be infected within two months.
While the details of the smallpox outbreak were hypothetical, the
participants say they came away with very real lessons.
NUNN: I would like to tell you that the people sitting around the table were
just amateurs, but these are the real players, and these are people who have
the knowledge. And I can say without any question, this country is not
YANG: The politicians are not prepared, and the public health system is
certainly not prepared.
John Yang, ABC News, Washington.

@_date: 2001-07-24 17:54:08
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Vengeance Against Adobe 
Absolutely. More than that, I try to never take a job unless I'd be willing to do it for free. All free-market principles aside, if you're just in it for the paycheck, what's the point? I'd rather do something I love that's meaningful to me than just make a pile. Even better not to have to choose at all. (Not there yet, so  it is...)
This won't be too interesting to all the venerable greybeards out there, but you'd be surprised what kind of work you can end up with by taking an unpaid volunteer internship first. If there aren't any available, find someone to talk to, create a work plan and propose one yourself. If you can scrape by, trading your free labor for experience isn't always a bad bargain...it's worked for me more than once, and I sometimes I eventually ended up on the payroll. And I know I never would have got where I am without building up my resume that way. Also, even if you find yourself unemployed or stuck in a 9 to 5 rut, sitting in on college classes to gain skills (programming, networking, higher math etc.) gets you experience that'll move you toward doing more of what you want. Most professors aren't too uptight about letting you sit in for free, it's probably a refreshing change to teach somebody who's there because they want to be. That's my two cents, anyway...
Has anyone ever been in the position of turning down work because you didn't want to apply for clearance? I seem to remember some people here saying they already have it, was it a hard decision for you? I don't really have a problem with the idea of facing a background check (though I don't imagine anyone looks forward to it), it's the pre-publication review board requirement that bothers me.

@_date: 2001-07-24 18:53:53
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Salon: The real enemies of the poor 
But there's no real meat here--it's the kind of thing that tells you just enough to make you feel like you know what you're talking about, but doesn't go nearly deep enough to be worth anything. So what's on my summer reading list? The Institute for National Strategic Studies and the National Defense University just came out with a monstrously long (1124 pp.)two-volume compendium of essays: "The Global Century: Globalization and National Security" that explores the implications of globalism in 49 essays from every angle you can think of by a collection of genuine heavy hitters. I think I'll certainly be better off for having invested the time in reading it.
here's a link to the pdf:
and here's the table of contents:
 Introduction: Policies for a Globalized World       Chapter 1          Meeting the Challenges of the Global Century
       Stephen J. Flanagan
Part I.  Globalization: Strategic Implications for the United States
Chapter 2          Globalization and National Security: A Strategic Agenda
       Ellen L. Frost  Chapter 3          Controlling Chaos: New Axial Strategic Principles
        Richard L. Kugler
Chapter 4          Global Economics and Unsteady Regional Geopolitics
        Robert E. Hunter  Chapter 5          Stability, Stasis, and Change: A Fragmegrating World
       James N. Rosenau  Chapter 6          Military Power and Maritime Forces
       Seymour J. Deitchman  Part II.  U.S. National Security Policy: Emerging Priorities  Chapter 7          A Global Agenda for Foreign and Defense Policy
        Jonathan T. Howe  Chapter 8          Beyond Global-Regional Thinking
        Alan K. Henrikson  Chapter 9          Foreign Policy in the Information Age
        David J. Rothkopf  Chapter 10          Economics and National Security: The Dangers of Overcommitment
        David P.H. Denoon
Chapter 11          Toward Alliance Reform
        Ronald D. Asmus
Chapter 12          The Globalization of Energy Markets
        Martha Caldwell Harris  Chapter 13          Dealing with Rogue States
        Kori N. Schake and Justin P. Bernier  Chapter 14          Deterrence, Intervention, and Weapons of Mass Destruction
        William Miller
Chapter 15          Peace Operations: Political?Military Coordination
        Michael J. Dziedzic
Chapter 16          Export Controls: A Clash of Imperatives
         Charles B. Shotwell
 Part III.  Military Power: The Challenges Ahead
Chapter 17          Future U.S. Defense Strategy
        Richard L. Kugler  Chapter 18          The Military in a New Era: Living with Complexity
        Anthony H. Cordesman  Chapter 19          Transforming the Armed Forces: An Agenda for Change
        Paul K. Davis
 Chapter 20          The Navy and the New Strategic Environment
        Bradd C. Hayes  Chapter 21          Security from the Oceans
        Sam J. Tangredi
Chapter 22          Influencing Events Ashore
        Harlan K. Ullman  Chapter 23          Formative and Operative Engagement
       Stephen Benson  Chapter 24          The Navy and Globalization: Convergence of the Twain?
        Gwyn Prins
Chapter 25          The Coast Guard: Past Catalyst, Future Tool
        Timothy L. Terriberry and Scott C. Truver Chapter 26          The Corporate Experience: Lessons for the Military
        Solveig Spielmann
 Volume II  Introduction: Dealing with Diverse Trends            Part IV.  Global Trends: Unity or Fragmentation?
Chapter 27          Alliances and Alignments in a Globalizing World
        Laurence Martin  Chapter 28          The Net: Power and Policy in the 21st Century
        Leslie David Simon  Chapter 29          Corporations in the World Economy: Dynamic Innovation
        Theodore Roosevelt Malloch  Chapter 30          Developing Countries: Winners or Losers?
        Carol Lancaster
Chapter 31          Religion and Culture: Human Dimensions of Globalization
        Douglas M. Johnston  Chapter 32          Ideas Matter: A Diversity of Foreign Policies
        Esther A. Bacon and Colleen M. Herrmann  Chapter 33          Facing Down the Global Village: The Media Impact
        Samuel Feist  Chapter 34          Oil Resources: Markets, Politics, and Policies
        Patrick L. Clawson  Chapter 35          The Sinister Underbelly: Organized Crime and Terrorism
        Kimberley L. Thachuk  Chapter 36          International Law and Institutions: A Post-Westphalian Landscape
        Charles B. Shotwell  Chapter 37          Proliferation of Advanced Weaponry: Threat to Stability
        William W. Keller and Janne E. Nolan  Chapter 38          Global Networks and Security: How Dark Is the Dark Side?
        Martin C. Libicki  Part V.  Regional Trends: Promise or Peril?
Chapter 39          The European Quest for Unity
        Richard L. Kugler  Chapter 40          Russia and Its Neighbors: Integration or Disintegration?
       F. Stephen Larrabee  Chapter 41          Latin American Economies: The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly
        Moisis Namm and Carlos Lozada  Chapter 42          Latin America: Emerging Challenges
        Luis Bitencourt
Chapter 43          The Arab World: Economic Progress and Struggle
        Kathleen Ridolfo
Chapter 44          The Persian Gulf: Security, Politics, and Order
        Shahram Chubin
Chapter 45          Asian Economies: The Dynamics of Progress
        Richard P. Cronin
Chapter 46          Asia-Pacific Security Relations: Changes Ahead
        Thomas W. Robinson  Chapter 47          Africa: Troubled Continent in a Globalizing World
         P. Frangois Hugo  Chapter 48          The Balkans: Failing States and Ethnic Wars
        Laura Rozen  Chapter 49          The Canadian Role in Human Security            Brooke A. Smith-Windsor

@_date: 2001-07-25 15:35:30
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Job satisfaction and security clearances 
True, I guess--this time around, I just happen to be in the extremely lucky 1%. Any work I have to do that's somewhat of a grind is a tiny, tiny price to pay for the rest of the time I have complete freedom to work on whatever projects I want while surrounded by excellent resources: my office is so private, comfortable and well-equipped, I usually stay late every night and come in on the weekends--researching, writing, coding, studying, absolutely anything I feel like doing. In a few weeks, it's back to a full graduate courseload on top of a flexible 40 hour workweek (we set our own hours), but since my employer is actually paying 100% of the tuition, and all the coursework dovetails nicely with the research I'm doing (for myself and for them), I couldn't be happier. I'd be a fool to let an opportunity to be in an environment like this pass me over in the name of "more leisure time."  Even if I were unemployed and had my absolute choice, I'd still be researching, writing, coding, studying, etc. So the paycheck and free tuition is basically just icing on the cake. I never dreamed I'd get to the point I could say that, but there it is...
Yep, good point. But then again, there's the question of the differences in work environment between academia/nonprofit/NGO/think tank-types of places and the private sector, small businesses/corporations. Each of these sectors has a different reason-for-being, which in turn attracts different types of people. For instance, no matter how much freedom I could possibly have at a widget factory, I don't think I could ever get over the fact that the bottom line is I'm just there to make money for someone else via widgets. Plenty of dissatisfation to go around.
On the other hand, the first group of institutions is different in that respect because the "end" isn't a healthy profit, it's producing ideas or some other kind of service for the "good", (define as you will). Sure, there can be a lot of overlap between the public and private sectors, but in the best-case scenario that's a large part of the motivation. In fact, I think that blending the best of the nonprofit and for-profit worlds is the key to eliminating their respective drawbacks and getting rid of government intereference alltogether. I'd be glad to take this up further, if you don't find it utterly laughable.   oh blah, blah: for the rest of us, it's just part of a strategy to get farther, faster on the continuum of doing what you want to do. If you want to be able to work at Prestegious Groups X Y or Z but they aren't hiring, what else can you do? Before you know it, you've got a resume with experience from X Y and Z on it. And since you had the guts to propose and design the internships yourself, you have better control over what you get experience in whereas Day One payrollees get stuck with the low-level stuff, longer. Use people's sense of self-interest to further your own, it's the easiest thing in the world.
you make it sound like volunteering is just busywork for dupes and So when are you going to set up the Cypherpunks Mailing List 501(c)(3)? LOL!

@_date: 2001-07-25 16:23:30
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Salon: The real enemies of the poor 
Yeah, I know it was a bit of a tangent. But read any one of them at random and I'll bet you'll come across a lot of things you didn't already know. And rather than taking one side "globalism is good" or "globalism is bad" (like the Salon piece), the ones I've read give plenty of justification for pros and cons of all kinds. The real enemy of the poor is complacency.
by

@_date: 2001-07-25 20:16:32
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Salon: The real enemies of the poor 
Hey now, I only got the hard copy last week...you can read a lot without having been through all 1124 pages!! What about the idea of "reputation capital" you people are always going on about, my prior knowledge of a couple of the authors makes me certain they wouldn't dream of putting their name on sloppy work... You mean global corporate enterprise, or corporate enterprise at all?
How? Any solution I can think of has the potential to be more problematic than the problem itself.

@_date: 2001-07-27 15:53:47
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Salon: The real enemies of the poor  
Salon: The real enemies of the poor What argument from authority? Barring the sudden onset of senility or insanity, familiarity with past work gives you a general indication of whether or not you want to read something. Even reading this list, I'm sure there are people you read first and people you skip totally...And how likely is it that the first 15 essays are excellent but they saved the crappy ones for 16 on? ha!
True story: several months ago I went as a "fly on the wall" to a roundtable-type meeting, sort of a gathering of the experts to discuss an issue. As the meeting went on, I noticed one man totally rose to the occasion and dominated the entire conversation: he knew the subject better than absolutely anyone there, and countered every objection with a dissection of such wit and precision he pretty much annihilated them. Even more impressive, while the others were as arrogant, blustering and pompous as you might expect, he was incredibly soft spoken and did it all without even raising his voice once: the very archetype of cool, quick, impartiality. Incredible! When I left the meeting, I had no idea who this amazing old wizard was or the slightest thing about his background--just that it was worth it to find out and read his research. All I'm saying is that his background credentials and published work was every bit as impressive the performance at the meeting...and that one of his essays is on the list. :) Now with a backstory like that, you actually mean to tell me I don't have a good reason to look forward to reading it? HA! Replaced with what, though. That's the hard part.
So the answer is to break them up and create more paperwork and bureacracy? Even if your last point is the "right answer" in theory, I don't see how the implementation of it would get you the results you're after, in terms of effects on society. The obvious first step would be to limit government to its constitutionally proscribed role: get them out of activities best left to the private sector. But without the incentives for a thriving nonprofit sector in place (yes, 501(c)(3)s are international corporations too), it can't happen in a way people could be comfortable with enough to accept. Nonprofits are the key to creating a civil society, and in my opinion it's a huge mistake to ignore their role in taking over services that the private sector can't or won't. How could voluntary collective action be anything BUT good..? Oh Realistically speaking, even if the entire US government collapsed tomorrow and you had "complete anarchy", it wouldn't be complete because large corporations have enough capital, resources, and sufficient organization to stay together to the point that they could maintain some semblance of order in their local area. Look at the way the oil companies function in Africa; look at the way drug cartels (an international business operation if ever there was one) influence policy in Columbia. Not that there's anything good or desirable about it--it's just that Joe Blow the Democracy Advocate doesn't have the slightest bit of influence over them one way or the other, government or not. So given that, you're faced with the prospect of massive legislation as the only alternative. That doesn't seem too promising either.  Unfortunately, this involves a confusion between capitalism and democracy. But unlike you, I don't think there's any contradiction in being pro-free market and anti-consumptionism. I hate the idea that so many people seem to think accumulating material goods is an acceptable substitute for an inner life. But just because I choose to live simply and don't drive in favor of commuting, recycle, etc. doesn't give me the right to demand others do the same. But the examples I gave above point to the idea that pure democratic anarchy is every bit as bound to fail as the ideal of pure democratic communism was (what's the real difference, when you think about it?) precisely because of the way people tend to make things, given the chance. What's to keep the strong and clever from ganging up on the weak and stupid? The amoral from ripping off the principled and pious? Anywhere, ever? The Constitution and the rule of law is the best chance we have...

@_date: 2001-07-29 19:08:21
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: The real enemies of the poor 
Jim worte:
No, that's not it: the only "trust" you give them comes with getting you on the first page in the first place, not what you come to think of it afterward. Surely you dont mean to say you never make choices of what to read based on something's potential value to you. Haven't you ever picked up a book because you anticipated enjoying it, started reading it, and put it down when you realized the methodology was flawed or the scholarship was poor after all? If not, maybe you need to be more discriminate... I bet you have though, and aren't quite the non-judgemental tabula rasa your comments are excellent but they saved the crappy ones for 16 on? ha!
Agh, not personality, it comes back to the matter of not wasting time: Some people seldom have anything to say that I find remotely interesting, so I've learned it's in my best interest to skip them. On the other hand, some people put really put some effort into their contributions and write in a relevant and thoughtful way--so when I'm pressed for time, (as I usually am) I read them first. If the subject is important enough I'll read all the comments, but otherwise it gets prioritized, like everything else. And none of this has the slightest thing to do with whether or not I agree with or like someone. Jeez, who haven't I argued with here...
Absolutely.  I just happen to think you can have the highest degree of respect for someone's work you don't agree with, and that people you do agree with shouldn't get a free pass. Check the archives, that's basically what I've said all along.
Look for? There's reading and then there's recommending. ;)
Oy vey, that's what I've already said... I don't think anyone would exactly characterize my views as representative of the list as a whole either. Or maybe you don't see it, being focused on your own "me versus the list" dynamic, eh?
No, not at all actually. Believe it or not, I'm not so arrogant and self-
assured that I have to agree with someone to be able to admit when they've got their opposition thoroughly outclassed in terms of sheer knowledge of the subject. Unlike other people in the room, the topic wasn't something I was heavily invested in in terms of reputation, career etc: anyone who tries to deny that makes a difference in how open-minded they are is fooling themselves. But everthing about the way he conducted himself presenting his arguments merited respect.  If you can't change your mind in the face of new evidence, you're too dogmatic, not intellectually flexible enough. Sure, he influenced me, where's the shame in admitting that. Learning from someone doesnt mean you gave up your own independent judgement. And I'd rather change my mind than be an ignorant blockhead stuck in an ideological rut. Like far too many I'm sure we both could name.
Of course. And if it were my main area of interest, you can bet he'd be the first person I'd go to to argue with and sound my own theories out on.
I'll save the second half for tomorrow...

@_date: 2001-07-31 18:50:13
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Pointers to news sources and other mailing lists 
reinventing the wheel.
The best security/crypto/privacy news ticker I've seen is at  a portal which bills itself as "The most comprehensive computer and network security resource on the Internet for Information System Security Professionals". If you don't feel like waiting for the ticker to scroll through, try If some of the the links don't work, the whole story is usually mirrored at None finer, IMHO...

@_date: 2001-06-11 14:55:33
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Social Security Numbers and health insurance 
Try to get your employer to arrange to use employee ID numbers rather than SSNs as the healthcare identifier. If it can work in New York, it can work anywhere... Failing that, why not save up the money you would have paid out every month in a separate account and insure yourself? If you're young and in good health, it might be worth the risk while you save up a good amount for later. I used to work at a place that paid me fifty bucks every month for NOT signing up with their health plan. Wouldn't hurt to ask! I've heard enough horror stories about Kaiser to think there's got to be a better option for you out there, at any rate.
The whole of the developments and operations of analysis are now capable of being executed by machinery. ... As soon as an Analytical Engine exists, it will necessarily guide the future course of science.
Passage from the Life of a Philosopher, Charles Babbage (London 1864)

@_date: 2001-06-12 14:58:49
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole!  
Bill Stewart:
That's because studios are private-sector businesses, not nonprofits dedicated to the arts. Is a film a work of art or a commercial product? Can you really be both? On the other hand, how can you produce art if nobody pays for it? Then again, can you really have a work of art shot through, riddled and co-opted with BS product placement every five seconds? I tend to think not.
Still, I can't buy the idea of "good movies have a right to be made." Either somebody with money is willing to back it, or not. Censorship isn't really an issue here, just the hard, cruel laws of economics. ha. You might want to check out some back issues of the "Journal of Cultural Economics," lots of relevant articles there.
On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament], 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question. --Charles Babbage.

@_date: 2001-06-12 16:43:10
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole!  
Quoting Mr. May:
Oh, poo: unfortunately, in the "real" world you'll hear similar arguments all too often. And I must say it doesn't seem any more outlandish than the kinds of arguments certain people around here are making against ORBS.
Sorry, Bill!
Why are you a physicist? Why aren't you a mathematician? --Paul Erdvs.

@_date: 2001-06-14 18:03:17
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: TIME.com: Nation -- Supreme Court: Relax. The Heat is Off 
Interesting: especially in light of the fact that the Supreme Court has held that monitoring (with a pen register) the telephone numbers that an individual calls from his home is *not* a search, in that it constitutes information already being monitored by the telephone company. I suppose this same logic would hold true for what's already being monitored by the electric company, or, say, what your ISP is already monitoring. So perhaps the "solution" to getting around warrants would lie less in superadvanced MASINT than in giving the private sector incentives for doing more monitoring themselves--while quietly developing your own set of tools to take advantage of A sobering thought.

@_date: 2001-06-21 14:32:52
@_author: a3495@cotse.com 
@_subject: Critiques of Libertarianism 
The "FAQ" is a joke, right? You know this is strictly a bush-league effort when you read:
"This diversity of libertarian viewpoints can make it quite difficult to have a coherent discussion with them, because an argument that is valid for or against one type of libertarianism may not apply to other types."
....you mean you actually have to LISTEN to people before you stick them in a conceptual box and slap your two-bit pre-made labels on them??? Say it ain't so!!!! Moron. You can take any philosophical position under the sun and always find idiots and straw men who "support" it to knock around, why should libertarianism be any different. There's plenty of room for real debate here, too bad he's not up for it. Oh well! (You got me to take the troll bait though, not bad... ;)
The future science of government should be called "la cybernitique".
Andri-Marie Amphre, (1843).

@_date: 2001-06-21 14:59:56
@_author: a3495@cotse.com 
@_subject: Steele's brain on intelligence 
I'd definitely put my money on the latter--he has excellent sources and knows a lot of tremendously cool people. For example, you might be interested in the following book by a man who used to be on the Church Committee who spoke at Steele's conference a couple of months ago. Serious analysis by a brilliant thinker and a real pro. Worth a look!
Reshaping National Intelligence for an Age of Information
Gregory F. Treverton
Government intelligence today has many targets, numerous consumers - not all of whom are American or in the government - and too much information, most of which is not owned by the US government and of widely varying reliability. In this bold and penetrating study, Gregory Treverton, former Vice Chair of the National Intelligence Council and Senate investigator, offers his insider's views on how intelligence gathering and analysis must change. He suggests why intelligence needs to be both contrarian, leaning against the conventional wisdom, and attentive to the longer term, leaning against the growing shorter time horizons of Washington policy makers. He urges that the solving of intelligence puzzles tap expertise outside government - in the academy, think tanks, and Wall Street - to make these parties colleagues and co-consumers of intelligence, befitting the changed role of government from doer to convener, mediator, and coalition-builder.
Chapter Contents
1. The imperative of reshaping; 2. The world of intelligence beyond 2010; 3. The militarization of intelligence; 4. Designated readers: the open source revolution; 5. Spying, looking and catching criminals; 6. The intelligence of policy; 7. A reshaped intelligence.
Price: GBP 24.95
ISBN: 052158096X

@_date: 2001-06-22 15:44:48
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Critiques of Libertarianism 
for in Er, you might want to have a look at my old posts to get my thoughts on thar sort of thing.
You probably have a point if you're talking about the "capital L" fanatic types. Nevertheless, I don't think anyone should be so intellectually lazy and mentally impoverished that they need to rely on labels--self-imposed or otherwise--to have a "coherent" conversation. Maybe the people who do deserve to talk at each other.
Oh? I fully reserve the right to remain unimpresssed. LOL
I'm guessing this has more to do with the caliber and temperament of people who post to message boards than as something representative of any particular body of academic works, such as it is. Face it: if all you knew about any group of ideas was what you could deduce from Usenet posts, it would be a pretty sorry spectacle indeed. What passes for fascinating debate on message boards is more often than not uninformed bush-league armchair philosophizing, it's that simple. In fact, that's part of the problem right there: people are too busy throwing labels around to really get to the meat of the issues.
But when is a global critique truly useful and relevant at all? The point I'm trying to make is a little clearer if you substitute a more familiar concept: "What is liberalism?" "What has liberalism meant, historically?" "What does it mean to be 'a liberal' in the United Stated today?" See, not so easy, is it. You can start talking about certain aspects of the term and its usage, but it's certainly not the type of thing you can completely cover and come to terms with in a few posts! No need to try to force something rich, complex and evolving into a brittle "all or nothing" proposition. It's as ridiculous to assume that any one person can "speak for" libertarianism as it is to have a "representative of liberalism". The people who try generally aren't with the time it takes to read them.
Sure-- as is the case with other general terms like "liberalism" and "conservatism".
to qualify for 'libertarian' is valid. It also happens to be a valid This might be an issue for partisans and ideologues, otherwise it's 100% irrelevant. As far as I'm concerned, the real enemy is a mindset which allows you to let a label do your thinking for you.
It's not "a philosophy" any more than liberalism is, and you're confusing the supporters with the ideas themselves again. You want to talk Hayek? Let's talk Hayek. You want to debate Stirner? Jim Bell and AP? Go for it. The fact that there isn't much overlap in no way keeps me from having a meaningful and "coherent" conversation about libertarian ideas with people who happen to agree with parts of them. It's when the discussion degenerates into partisans throwing dogma and generalities at each other that it gets really, really tiresome. I'm certainly no purist, but the fact remains that I'm far more likely to pay attention to critiques of the free market by real economists who actually have a clue as to what they're talking about--like Brad Delong at Berkeley( People on all sides can foam at the mouth all they please, but it won't affect policy and scholarship one way or the other. Which in the long run, is all that matters anyway.
BTW, no hard feelings Jim, I think it's great you're bringing this sort of thing up here. Shaking people out of their complacency is always a good

@_date: 2001-09-01 14:30:00
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship"  
I never said that and you know it. Nice troll, though. Are you actually claiming NSA implements COTS technology completely straight off-the-shelf? And what do any of these "you poopy head whippersnapper" comments have to do with the fact that you found a contradiction where there was none? Boss Tom Turkey in full strut.

@_date: 2001-09-01 15:19:42
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: News: 'U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship' 
Actually, it would be far more more informative to get them to explain exactly what happened instead of relying on third-party empty hearsay and hot air from me, since honestly that's all I've got. But I'm sure there are a lot of reasons--some of them contractural--you'll never hear the whole story. Especially given that you'll never get anything more than loose talk from the other side. My personal opinion is that collusion or not, they got taken for a ride. And if it's not worth much, so be it.

@_date: 2001-09-01 16:12:25
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
All I'm saying is that if the feds are doing their job well, they won't stick out at all. Smells like a witch hunt.
Anyone who comes here and regularly expresses unpopular opinions in a provocative way is generally--almost by definition--"not liked". And if you don't like someone, you tend to interpret anything they do in the light of your not liking them. I can't help but think that since the topics being discussed here are so sensitive, everyone gets a little twitchy and runs the risk of going overboard in the way they perceive "dissenters" who are at odds with the prevailing wisdom. Actually, I think the group would be better off if more people were around to goad everyone into clarifying their thoughts and articulating them succinctly and persuasively. Couldn't hurt. Believe it or not, Choate is doing everyone a favor. And even if a whole gang of feds were actively trolling the group, what difference would it make as long as everyone has enough sense to see through it and keep their heads on straight? In a sick and perverse sense, you might call it Darwinian justice. Also, the "but they're wasting our time" angle is easily circumvented by having the self-discipline not to write knee-jerk replies to obvious nonsense. Some people never learn...
I must have missed it. Unless you think I'm one of her nyms, you might noticed I've had some unkind words for ZKS myself. Becuase as much as I fear the NSA, I fear gullibility and stupidity among the well-intentioned even more. And if saying so makes for a more entertaining debate, well, so much the better.
True, but if she really is incompetent, she's hardly a threat, is she. The only feds to really worry about are the competent ones.

@_date: 2001-09-01 16:53:31
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship"  
Tim Wrote:
Oh, well that might have a little something to do with the fact that I never made the point that brute-forcing keys was the way big and powerful NSA computers are going to blow our house down, mightn't it.  The fact that "brute-forcing keys" was the only thing you could think of when you saw my phrase "interesting possibilities for cryptographic applications" and then chose to fixate on proving what a damn poopy head whippersnapper I am instead of deigning to bother over what methods I meant to refer to is indicative of your own limitations, not mine.

@_date: 2001-09-01 20:50:10
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Using supercomputers to break interesting ciphers 
If I had known that to you "computer crunching" is synonymous with "brute forcing large keys" I certainly would have expressed myself differently.
Backpedalling has nothing to do with it. "trying to break Cypehrpunks-
interesting ciphers" does not equal "using supercomputers to brute-force large keys." "Interesting cryptograhic applications" does not equal "brute-
forcing large keys". Why is this so difficult. The "as I had anticipated would be the case" refers to being allowed to build it in someone else's facility, on their dime.  I never said the first thing about having done any of the calculations mentioned in your post. It's their facility, I anticipate they find it interesting enough to let me build it there, they foot the power bill. What's so tricky about that. In fact, I meant for the passage to serve as a sort of explanation of the circumstances in which power costs weren't enough of a central issue for me to have considered them. The end of the sentence you omitted, "where's the downside?" might make this clearer. Obviously, not clear enough. You interpreted it as referring to what you thought it ought to in order to bolster whatever view you want to have of me. Nothing new.

@_date: 2001-09-01 22:15:29
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: News: 'U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship' 
Fair enough, point well taken. And frankly, anything said on this by someone who hasn't putting their own real personal credibility on the line is going to come across like FUD anyway. Even asking for explanations is a bit fuddy. When I find a more measured and responsible way to vent about what's pissing me off, I certainly will.

@_date: 2001-09-04 15:11:27
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
Nice thought, but I'll bet it wouldn't happen in a million years. And speaking generally on the subject of various people "concealing actions", could I just say that I think any company working in this sector would be well-advised to take good, hard second look at their internal security practices. "Insider threat mitigation" should be every bit as much of a concern to you as it is to the DoD. Maybe more so. Their unholy quartet of "maliciousness, disdain for security procedures, carelessness, and ignorance" applies to your insiders too. It wouldn't hurt anything to run a tighter ship, either: what are you doing to get to know who you're really working with? What are you doing to ensure you aren't trusting your trade secrets to shitheels who'll sell out crucial elements of your design to the first person who waves a few dollar bills under their nose? Not making any claims about who's doing the selling, who's doing the buying or why. But something seriously reeks in Denmark and as a community you really need to think about it a little harder.
~Faustine.

@_date: 2001-09-05 14:37:21
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing 
Greg wrote
Your honesty is admirable--and unlike certain other cases, I don't have any real reason to doubt what you say. But are you sure you have adequate security and counter-economic espionage measures in place? Have you had anyone do penetration testing lately? How much do you trust the people you work with? Wish I had a nickel for every time some young (or not-so-young)turk at a security conference or elsewhere started blabbing about things they shouldn't have out of nothing more than a desire to seem big and impress me. Feds and hackers alike, same old song and dance. I never even try to elicit information, either: I don't know, maybe it's some kind of sexist thing to assume a sweet-faced polite young woman could ever be a security threat.  The sick thing is, if I were really evil I could have made a lot more than a nickel... Depressing. Wake up and shut up, dumbasses. Back to the insider problem: It's not exclusively a moral issue--whether you think you have more to fear from Uncle Sam, China, or the competitor down the street, everyone can agree that employees who sell out your technology to those out to compromise it are bad news. And frankly, the very people who wouldn't deal with China in a million years might be the ones most willing to listen to agents peddling the old "in the interests of national security" line.  And whereas government agencies have always had a strong "culture of paranoia" that at least gets the issues on the table, private companies are at a disadvantage because they never even saw it coming. With a lot of young tech companies having spent the last few years feeling fat, happy, and oh-so-much smarter than those fusty old feds, you've got a potentially massive disaster in the making.
Oh well, here's hoping you never get stung by the insider problem

@_date: 2001-09-05 16:19:10
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Official Anonymizing  
: If you are accessing this proxy from a *.mil or *.gov address
: it will not work. As a taxpaying United States Citizen[TM],
: Business Owner, and Desert Storm Veteran, I do not want my : tax dollars being used by agencies I pay for to gawk(1) : at WWW pages and hide your origination point at my expense.
: Now, get back to work!
Patronizing claptrap, you wouldn't be blocking a thing. For example, the Google Archives has dozens of listings of a NSA researcher who openly participates in technical conferences, giving his full Ft. Meade address, office phone number--and AOL e-mail address. Before you dismiss this as just something another dumb fed might do, you might find it relevant that he's done a lot of work in IDS, GII security, reliable distributed systems, and deception. Who would ever expect anything interesting from an AOL user? That's precisely the point. That ought to be enough keywords: go dig for it yourself, and if you're really lucky, you'll find PDFs of his papers and start learning a little bit about why you haven't quite got the feds as outsmarted as you think you

@_date: 2001-09-06 14:08:45
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: onion p2p camouflaging as vanilla traffic  
You might want to check ResearchIndex, the NEC Research Institute's Scientific Literature Digital Library. They have a whole treasure trove of relevant PDFs online: an excellent resource in general(if you haven't come across it already.) Good luck!

@_date: 2001-09-07 13:29:19
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: police tracking activists (the more things change...) 
If you're interested in how this works, here's a link to some interesting free demo software, for those who haven't seen it already:
The Analyst's Notebook
The Analyst's Notebook is the world's leading visual investigative analysis software, used in 1200 organizations world-wide. It assists investigators by uncovering, interpreting, and displaying complex information in easily-
understood chart form. The Analyst's Notebook includes two main tools for differently types of analysis, the Link Notebook and the Case Notebook.
The Link Notebook supports:
Link Analysis chart (also called Association charts) Commodity Flow charts Activity Charts Network or high volume link analysis charts The Case Notebook supports:
Timeline or Sequence of Events Charts Case Flow or Transaction charts Combined Charts Showing Events and Flows Use the power of the Analyst's Notebook to:
Visualize your Data! The Analyst's Notebook gives you a range of visualization formats, each one shedding a different light on your information. The Analysts Notebook supports the full range of analytical conventions adopted by analysts world-wide. In addition, the extensive features enable you to quickly find the connections between related sets of information, and reveal significant patterns in your data. Analyze Information from Many Sources The Analyst's Notebook can automatically analyze a dataset and portray it in the chart format of your choice. It helps you navigate through large networks in order to unravel complex relationships and quickly discover key information. The analytical techniques you can apply include:
Link Analysis Timeline Analysis Network Analysis Create Intelligent Graphics In the Analyst's Notebook, chart items aren't just symbolic representations, they link back to the records in your data. Clicking on a chart item allows instant viewing or editing of the supporting information. .. and Present a Professional Picture. Use Analyst's Notebook's rich graphical environment to create charts for use in briefings and easily create "the picture that speaks a thousand words"! The Analyst's Notebook has proven to significantly increase the productivity of investigative teams, to help both analysts and managers achieve and retain an understanding of multiple cases and extensive data. The charts have proven successful in conveying complex information to judges and juries." "Intelligence-led Policing
In 1996, the UK hosted the European Football (Soccer) Championship 'Euro 96'. the British Government was determined that the football action would not be overshadowed by hooliganism.
A special unit was set up at New Scotland Yard to police the competition. the unit included an intelligence cell equipped with i2's Analysts Notebook linked to a text database.
The majority of countries represented at the Euro 96 competition already used the i2 Analysts Notebooks to analyze crime in their own countries. Each country sent a representative to liaise with the British police and the product provided a common format for exchanging intelligence between The analysts used the Analysts Notebook to create charts identifying the trouble makers and showing the links between them. These charts were used in briefings at all levels to show the remarkably complex associations identified by the analysis. Senior officers were then able to identify possible problems and prevent trouble by targeting resources in the right locations. The i2 Analyst's Notebook charts were then included within the intelligence briefing packs and distributed to the operational units. They proved to be a very powerful method of showing problem areas and significantly contributed to the success of the operation. The disruptive elements were often intercepted before they reached the stadium.
The country-wide operation successfully identified and prevented many potential incidents in the days, hours and minutes leading up to the Euro 96 matches. The operational teams used the intelligence to good effect, ensuring that the games were enjoyed in the trouble-free atmosphere they Analyst's Workstation
A tailored software solution that has proved effective in law enforcement for tackling Crime and Social Disorder, and has applications within the commercial sector for loss prevention, such as fraudulent claims against insurance companies. The Analyst's Workstation integrates the complete i2 suite of analysis tools, enabling you to switch seamlessly between different analysis techniques without losing the overall thread of your work:
Spatial, through links to Geographical Information Systems - highlighting concentrations of activity or "hotspots".
Statistical, with iGlass (see below)
Associative, with Analyst's Notebook - identifying associations and networks
Temporal, with Analyst's Notebook - showing how events and activities relate to time Visual Querying, with iBase (see below) At the heart of the Analyst's Workstation, iBase is a database that provides a central repository for information from a variety of sources, in a structured and co-herent manner. iBase includes user-friendly features, such as Visual Querying, which enables you to easily ask questions of the data and quickly find the information you require.
iGlass is a state-of-the-art data-mining tool which enables you to explore and present your data in a variety of statistical formats. You can identify patterns and trends, make comparisons between data-sets and highlight exceptions from the norm, all of which can be presented in a range of graphs and charts for reporting purposes.
Seamless integration with the Analyst's Notebook., so you can conduct detailed link and timeline analysis of the data. Represented as a 'chart' you can analyse the detail of your information and visually identify the key entities, common associations, sequence of events and location of Integration to leading GIS suppliers enables you to conduct spatial analysis, for example, viewing the location and number of incidences within your chosen geographical area.
With the Analyst's Workstation you can more easily identify, consider and communicate complex scenarios, giving you an understanding of your problem which is fundamental to the formulation and implementation of strategies to address it."

@_date: 2001-09-07 19:27:40
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Supergenius: The Mega-Worlds of Herman Kahn 
Supergenius: The Mega-Worlds of Herman Kahn
by B. Bruce-Briggs
North American Policy Press. 490 pp.
Reviewed by Dan Seligman
...somehow or other, Herman Kahn (1922-83) has become a forgotten figure. But can that really be? Kahn was a "policy intellectual" of unquestioned genius and dazzling quotability who was very much onstage and telling the world what to think about its major problems for something like a quarter-
century. He had also helped develop the hydrogen bomb, and later came up with the idea for a Doomsday Machine, immortalized, though wrenched out of context, in Stanley Kubricks 1963 movie wherein the machines inventor is called Dr. Strangelove. He was the author or coauthor of hundreds of newspaper and magazine articles and of sixteen books, every one of which received reviews that were respectful even when hostile. And, as Bruce-
Briggs states correctly, he had thousands of "chums" (I am identified as one of them), who viewed his talents with awe and found his personality magical, somehow combining elements of a high-speed computer, an eager-to-
please four-year-old child, a borscht-belt comic, and Santa Claus. Early in his career, as a defense analyst at the RAND Corporation, Kahns briefingsthese were didactic lectures, densely factual and logically powerful but still informal, with endless asides, many of them hilarious, and much back-and-forth with the audiencewere a huge hit with the military. Later, when he was running the Hudson Institute, the think tank he founded in 1961, his subject matter expanded in all directions, and his public appearances attracted a wider following. He spoke without notes, typically for a couple of hours, and had his audiences alternately entranced and convulsed with laughter. Supergenius does a good job of capturing the spirit of these occasions, and also confirms what many long suspected: that much of what Kahn "wrote" was made up of edited transcripts of his talks. Bruce-Briggs, who had a good inside view of Kahn during several professional stints at Hudson, and was his co-author in a 1972 volume called Things to Come, has organized his book more or less chronologically but with an effort to segment particular dimensions of Kahns life. The somewhat quirky result is 67 sections, typically five or six pages in length, with headings like "The Soldier," "The Systems Analyst," "The Celebrity," "The Nipponologist," "The Neoconservative." (Actually, for most of his life Kahn was rather nonideological.) Bruce-Briggs is on balance strongly pro-Kahn, but, as indicated in some of the headings ("The Huckster," "The Kibitzer"), less than starry-eyed.
TO THINK about Herman Kahn is to find yourself amazed about many matters, but three major themes stand out: his intelligence; his long-running, close-
to-single-handed effort to make Americans think straight about thermonuclear war; and his remarkably successful forays into "futurology." A possible fourth entry would be his weight. As a young man, Kahn was merely stocky, but in the years of his greatest fame he kept putting on pounds, and must have been close to 375 when he died, quite suddenly, of a stroke. The weight seems to have induced symptoms of narcolepsy, and Supergenius has some appalling accounts of Kahn falling asleep and snoring uncontrollably in business meetings during his last few years (but still, somehow, managing to take in a lot of what was being said).
Kahns career trajectory reflected the fact that he was smarterusually a lot smarterthan just about everyone else in his life. His parents were ambitious immigrants from Bialystok, but otherwise offered no discernible clues to the genetic basis of his off-the-charts braininess. As a young child, he was a speed-reader who needed (and created) multiple identities so that he could have more library cards and take out more books. A high-
school know-it-all, he was once asked to read aloud a famous Latin oration, took a brief glance at the passage, then recited it without the book and offered to do it again, backwards. Drafted in 1943, Kahn was identified as a prodigy after he took the Armed Forces Qualification Test and was parked in a military "brain bank" in West Virginia. There he was made to study electrical engineering before being transferred to the signal corps and assigned to the China-Burma-India theater. After the war, his friend Sam Cohen (later famous as the main developer and promoter of the neutron bomb), successfully recruited him into RAND, and his career as a defense analyst unfolded rapidly. His early fame was based mainly on his devastating critique of U.S. military strategy in the thermonuclear age. His core objective, elaborated in On Thermonuclear War (1960) and again in Thinking about the Unthinkable (1962), was to make his countrymen understand that existing doctrine was disastrous. Its assumptions, based on the idea of a "balance of terror," were embodied in a nightmare scenario in which, as Kahn put it, somebody, presumably a Russian, "pushed all the buttons and then walked away from the table." The only thing deterring the Russians from such a massive and unrestrained attack was, supposedly, the realization that it would be matched in kindwhich would mean in turn that both countries would have committed suicide. That was the theory. Although Stanley Kubrick chose not to read him properly, Kahns Doomsday Machinea device set to blow up the planet automatically any time your country was attacked with nuclear weaponswas presented by him not as a rational strategy but as a caricature of this irrational posture. To tell the world that you equated nuclear weapons with national suicide was, he wrote, to invite blackmailand, given the Soviet superiority in conventional arms, it left us with very few military options in the face of aggressive behavior short of an attack on the United States. The point of all this thinking about the unthinkable was to find serious alternatives to annihilation and surrender. Kahn argued that the alternatives were there. Any thermonuclear war would almost certainly begin as a limited and not as an "all-out" attack, for the simple reason that the attacker would want the other side to have incentives for restraint. With that in mind, Kahn generated an avalanche of data to demonstrate that civil defense and other damage-limiting measures could leave our country still viable even after most imaginable thermonuclear wars. And he also argued that serious planning for such warsincluding a "pre-attack mobilization base," some ballistic-missile defense, and what he called a "not incredible first-strike capability"would itself serve as a deterrent to provocative behavior, and leave us less susceptible to blackmail. Although Kahn was not alone in making this casehis RAND colleague Albert Wohlstetter was a major allythere is no doubt that his briefings and studies had a major impact on the Pentagons thinking in the 50s and 60s. AT ITS founding, the Hudson Institute was defense-oriented, and in the late 60s it was still receiving contracts for Vietnam-related research. Kahn was deeply involved in the Pentagons partially successful "Vietnamization" program, i.e., the effort to pacify the countryside and build up the South Vietnamese armed forces while preparing for American withdrawal. But by this time he and Hudson had also been drawn into a broad range of social-
policy issues, which gradually coalesced into a discipline that came to be known as "futurology" (a term he disliked, even as he came to be identified as its prime exemplar). There is a mystery at the heart of this discipline. (There are also disagreements about whether it deserves the label "discipline.") The threshold question is whether it represents merely informed speculation about the future or a serious effort at forecasting. Kahn was clear about the need for the latter in the area of military technology, but in thinking about long-term social change, his approach seems much more hedged. One major Kahn exercise in futurology was The Year 2000, written with Anthony J. Wiener and published in 1967. (The analysis was Kahns, the writing was Wieners.) The authors warned readers up front that the "scenarios" being put forward should be taken only as "imaginative simulations of what might happen," and the subtitle identifies the study as "a framework for speculation." But I have trouble with this. As I read The Year 2000, the authors repeatedly leave their cautions in the dust to argue that some scenarios are, in fact, resoundingly plausible. An intriguing example is their argument for a continuing explosion in computer power and their rejection of the then-popular notion that such power was already approaching its physical limits. It is quite possible, they wrote, that computer capabilities would continue expanding by "a factor of ten every several years"a judgment consistent with Moores Law, which posits a doubling every 18 months or so. They also stated that "there will probably be computer consoles in every home," a projection that overstates todays reality even while managing to look remarkably prescient for 1967.
I do not know how to construct a box score, but the "forecasts" in The Year 2000 look pretty good to me. One big error, quite unsurprising in itself, was to assume the durability of the Soviet Union, and the authors also possibly overrated the long-term dynamism of the Japanese economy (although it had close to twenty pretty good years after they wrote). But they were seldom misleading about other important matters. Their projection put year-
2000 world population around 6 billion, which appears to be just about right, and one of their preferred scenarios for U.S. gross national product per capita (they offer a couple of choices) works out to about $37,500 in todays dollarsalso right. The book foresaw relative peace and prosperity for the "older nations"i.e., Europe, the U.S. and Canada, and the Pacific Rim countries. It also bought wholeheartedly into the idea of a "post-
industrial society," then being broached by Daniel Bell and others and now plainly surrounding us.
Kahns record in futurology was also pretty good in later years. In 1980, in the face of headlines projecting oil prices of $60 a barrel or more, Kahn and William M. Brown, Hudsons energy economist, forecast that prices would instead collapse, which they did (from $40 a barrel to less than $20). With marvelous timing, Kahn produced a 1982 book about the U.S. economy called The Coming Boom. Is he really a forgotten figure today? I hope not. But it is true that the themes he was most associated with are themselves offstage. For better or worse, thermonuclear war has pretty much receded from public consciousness. And futurologylong-term, broad-gauge social forecastingseems unimaginably difficult in a world featuring successive stunners in biotechnology. Still, I would hate to think that the man who put "thinking about the unthinkable" into the public dialogue has fallen prey to a different syndrome: forgetting the unforgettable. At a minimum, he deserves the $15 download.
* To order the book, you send a check or money order to North American Policy Press, Box 26, Idaville, PA 17337. For $15, you get the right to download it on your computer; for $20, you get three 31/2-inch diskettes incorporating the text; and for $40, you get a bound copy of the 490-page printout, of which about 100 pages are source notes.

@_date: 2001-09-09 19:05:36
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Anonymity without Cryptography 
Some of you probably heard this paper presented live...any thoughts? ~F.
Anonymity without Cryptography (2001)
Dahlia Malkhi and Elan Pavlov
School of Computer Science and Engineering
The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel
Abstract: This paper presents an encryption-free anonymizing network that is efficient to use, and does not require the use of conventional cryptography by the users of the network. The method, Anonymous Multi Party Computation (AMPC), uses a variation of Chaum's mixnets that utilizes value-
splitting to hide inputs, and hence requires no "conditionally-secure" operations of its users. This is achieved under the assumption that there are secure channels between good participants, and under a suitable resilience threshold assumption that, in our worst adversarial scenario, is a square-root of the system. Our new paradigm provides users electronic privacy without trusting any computer to perform heavy cryptographic operations on their behalf in various applications, e.g., electronic voting.

@_date: 2001-09-09 20:04:59
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: entrapment: an extended explanation 
Entrapment - Extended Explanation
c. Bill E. Branscum
   It is clearly established that government agents may not originate a criminal design, implant in an innocent person's mind the disposition to commit a criminal act, and then induce commission of the crime so that the government may prosecute it. Such an exercise gives rise to the affirmative defense of "entrapment." People frequently read more into this than is actually there. Broken down, the preceding paragraph says:
1. Government agents: This applies to the actions of those working for the government or acting on behalf of those working for the government. A private citizen cannot "entrap" a criminal unless he is acting on behalf of the government - note that this does not mean that he cannot do whatever he wants to with the intention of turning it over to the government. The government must be held accountable for the "entrapping" action for entrapment to apply.
2. The government must not implant the idea to commit a crime in the mind of an INNOCENT person. The government can, and routinely does, implant the idea to commit a crime in the minds of criminals under controlled circumstances. For example, Mohammad the Mugger is going to catch a train to visit his Momma having no intention to rob anyone when he encounters a "drunk" U/C cop with a gold chain that would look good on him. An innocent man would get on the train without the chain - if Mohammad goes for it, he's no innocent man. He is, in fact PREDISPOSED to commit the crime. [The test you hear argued to juries over and over is, "would you do what he did under those circumstances."]
The fact that officers or employees of the government merely afford opportunity or facilities for the commission of the offense does not defeat the prosecution. Where the police, in effect, simply furnished the opportunity for the commission of the crime, that this is not enough to enable the defendant to escape conviction. Also, there is no "sneaky bastards" defense. Artifice and stratagem may be employed to catch those engaged in criminal enterprises - in other words, just because the government uses a pretext to set the person up, that does not negate the potential for successful prosecution. It is truly amazing how many people believe that they can ask a person if they are a cop and cry foul if they say, "No" and then arrest them. In the event that a criminal defendant raises the issue of entrapment, the question boils down to a two prong test. First, did government agents INDUCE the defendant to commit the crime? Second, was the defendant PREDISPOSED to commit the crime?
INDUCEMENT occurs when the government creates a special incentive for the defendant to commit the crime. This incentive can consist of anything that materially alters the balance of risks and rewards bearing on defendant's decision as to whether to commit the offense, so as to increase the likelihood that he will engage in the particular criminal conduct. INDUCEMENT can be any government conduct including persuasion, fraudulent representations, threats, coercive tactics, harassment, promises of reward, or pleas based on need, sympathy or friendship. IF this first prong of the two prong test proves viable, the next question relates to PREDISPOSITION.
PREDISPOSITION is the defendant's willingness to commit the offense prior to being contacted by government agents, coupled with the wherewithal to do so. If a defendant is predisposed to commit the offense, he will require little or no inducement to do so; conversely, if the government must work hard to induce a defendant to commit the offense, it is far less likely that he was predisposed.
The relevant time frame for assessing a defendant's disposition comes before he has any contact with government agents, which is doubtless why its called PREDISPOSITION. In rebutting an entrapment defense, the prosecution must prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant was disposed to commit the criminal act prior to first being approached by government agents.
The ultimate principal at work here is, "When the government's quest for convictions leads to the apprehension of an otherwise law-abiding citizen who, if left to his own devices, likely would have never run afoul of the law, the courts should intervene." Finally, a word about a reality associated with affirmative defenses and appellate cases that you just don't ever seem to see in print. The way these things work in actual practice is that the government makes their case against the defendant, prosecutes him and, unless their behavior is utterly outrageously egregious, convicts them at the trial level. Guilty people do not prevail upon matters of technical merit at trial level nearly as often as televesion would have us believe.
Joe Convict then files an appeal which they will lose UNLESS they persuade the appellate court that, VIEWING THE EVIDENCE IN THE LIGHT MOST FAVORABLE TO THE GOVERNMENT, there is no way a jury could have convicted them. In an entrapment appeal, the appellant must prove that no reasonable jury could have failed to recognize that the government induced them to commit a crime AND they were utterly lacking in predisposition.
Think about this a minute - EVERY successful entrapment appeal exemplifies a situation where the government set up a person to commit a crime they would not have otherwise committed under circumstances in which it is so clear that NO JURY COULD SEE IT OTHERWISE when vhen viewed from the position MOST FAVORABLE TO THE GOVERMENT.
That is scary and scarier still when you ask yourself how many defendants could not afford the appeal. If you read the case re Poehlman as cited below, you will find that he was convicted and served his time; it was only after he was released and the government tried to go after him a second time on the exact same facts that he filed an appeal and prevailed. In other words, even viewing the facts in the light most favorable to the government (which they are not supposed to do at trial level), it should have been clear to any jury that the government set him up to commit a crime he would never have otherwise committed.
Read it - it's a pitiful case. Think about that before telling yourself, "They cannot do that - it's entrapment."
Further Reading:
United States v. Garcia, No. 00-10062, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, 2001 U.S. App. LEXIS 300, December 15, 2000, Argued and Submitted, San Francisco, CA, January 5, 2001, Filed. Defendant's drug conviction was reversed and remanded, since he was entitled to an entrapment instruction when he presented some evidence that he was not predisposed to commit narcotics offenses, and some evidence of inducement. United States v. Lafreniere, No. 99-1318, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIRST CIRCUIT, 236 F.3d 41; 2001 U.S. App. LEXIS 2, January 2, 2001, Decided. Defendant was not entitled to entrapment defense as he was not wrongfully induced to participate in drug deal and jury instruction was consistent with judicial precedent.
United States v. Johnson, No. 99-3259, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT, 2000 U.S. App. LEXIS 22723, September 5, 2000, Filed. Evidence supporting state senator's conviction for extortion under color of official right was sufficient where evidence showed he was predisposed to commit the crimes and was not the target of improper government inducement.
United States v. Poehlman, No. 98-50631, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, 217 F.3d 692; 2000 U.S. App. LEXIS 14628; 2000 Cal. Daily Op. Service 5157; 2000 Daily Journal DAR 6887, December 6, 1999, Argued and Submitted, Pasadena, California, June 27, 2000, Filed. Conviction reversed and remanded on finding as a matter of law that the government induced defendant to commit the criminal act and there was no indication that defendant was prone to engage in sexual relations with minors. (This is a fascinating case!!!) Read the full text Here.
United States v. Brooks, No. 99-3448, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT, 215 F.3d 842; 2000 U.S. App. LEXIS 13688, March 14, 2000, Submitted, June 14, 2000, Filed, As Corrected June 26, 2000. Where a government agent first sold defendant heroin, then coerced him into selling the heroin back to another agent, these facts showed that defendant was entrapped as a matter of law.
United States v. Barnett, No. 98-30365, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT, 197 F.3d 138; 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 30360, November 22, 1999, Decided, Rehearing Denied December 29, 1999, Reported at: 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 34984. Certiorari Denied May 15, 2000, Reported at: 2000 U.S. LEXIS 3220. Court affirmed defendant's convictions, reversed codefendant's, for conspiracy to commit murder for hire; aiding, abetting attempted murder for hire. There was no evidence codefendant intended to be involved in United States v. Finley, No. 98-2721, UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT, 175 F.3d 645; 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 8200, March 9, 1999, Submitted, April 29, 1999, Filed, Rehearing En Banc and Rehearing Denied June 8, 1999, Reported at: 1999 U.S. App. LEXIS 12000. Certiorari Denied January 10, 2000, Reported at: 2000 U.S. LEXIS 404. In defendant's trial for using the mail with the intent that a murder-for-hire be committed, evidence that defendant was predisposed to the crime precluded a successful defense of entrapment.
State v. Preston, 2 CA-CR 98-0524, COURT OF APPEALS OF ARIZONA, DIVISION TWO, DEPARTMENT A, 197 Ariz. 461; 4 P.3d 1004; 2000 Ariz. App. LEXIS 71; 317 Ariz. Adv. Rep. 3, March 14, 2000, Filed. Requiring clear and convincing proof of entrapment was constitutional but, even though defense required admission of offense elements, jury instructions on presumption of innocence and reasonable doubt were unconstitutionally eliminated.
SOOHOO v. STATE, CASE NO. 97-3891, COURT OF APPEAL OF FLORIDA, FOURTH DISTRICT, 737 So. 2d 1108; 1999 Fla. App. LEXIS 6495; 24 Fla. Law W. D 1219, May 19, 1999, Opinion Filed, Released for Publication June 4, 1999. Egregious conduct by government's confidential informant constituted entrapment sufficient to overturn appellant's conviction of drug trafficking, as informant was virtually unsupervised in structuring, distributing, and promoting drug sales.
State v. Weaver, NO. 99-KA-2177, COURT OF APPEAL OF LOUISIANA, FOURTH CIRCUIT, 99-2177 (La.App. 4 Cir, 12/06/00);, 2000 La. App. LEXIS 3000, December 6, 2000, Decided. Conviction and sentence were upheld because appellant failed to prove that he was induced to commit an act that he was not already predisposed to commit; and the State established the validity of the prior guilty pleas and convictions.
State v. Green, No. 99-KA-2847, COURT OF APPEAL OF LOUISIANA, FOURTH CIRCUIT, 99-2847 (La.App. 4 Cir, 11/29/00);, 2000 La. App. LEXIS 2965, November 29, 2000, Decided. Released for Publication January 19, 2001. Conviction and sentence of appellant for distribution of cocaine was affirmed as appellant failed to show entrapment, he was a fourth felony offender, and as such he was properly sentenced to life imprisonment.
State v. Alford, No. 99-KA-0299, COURT OF APPEAL OF LOUISIANA, FOURTH CIRCUIT, 99-0299 (La.App. 4 Cir, 06/14/00);, 765 So. 2d 1120; 2000 La. App. LEXIS 1523, June 14, 2000, Decided, Released for Publication August 3, 2000. Because appellant quickly assured undercover officer that he could obtain cocaine in response to request, offered officer marijuana, and encouraged officer to wait for delivery, appellant was predisposed to sell STATE v. BRADFORD, No. 32,747-KA, COURT OF APPEAL OF LOUISIANA, SECOND CIRCUIT, 32,747 (La.App. 2 Cir, 10/27/99);, 745 So. 2d 800; 1999 La. App. LEXIS 2952, October 27, 1999, Rendered. The evidence established intent and delivery elements to support conviction for distribution of cocaine, and the entrapment defense failed because officer merely presented defendant a chance to commit the crime to which he was predisposed.

@_date: 2001-09-10 21:03:02
@_author: Faustine 
@_subject: Sociocultural Implications of Biometrics 
New online PDFs of possible interest from the RAND Corporation:
Sociocultural Implications of Biometrics
The Army is considering how it can use biometric systems -- automated methods of authenticating an individual based on physical or behavioral characteristics -- to improve security, efficiency, and convenience. Recognizing that biometrics is not without controversy, however, the Army asked RAND's Arroyo Center to assist in an assessment of the legal, sociological and ethical implications. A new publication reports the findings. Privacy and Emerging Technologies
A recent RAND conference, sponsored by the Arroyo Center, looked at the question of how emerging technologies such as biotechnology, computer monitoring, and overhead imaging impact privacy and privacy policy. The conference drew leading scholars, government officials, privacy advocates, journalists, attorneys, technologists, and industry representatives.
Modernizing the National Imagery and Mapping Agency
Over the past year, RAND has provided staff and analytic support to the Independent Commission on the National Imagery and Mapping Agency. (See related article.) Recently, Kevin O'Connell, Manager of RAND's Intelligence Community program, testified before the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence on the findings and recommendations of the commission.
