
@_date: 1994-07-14 07:03:04
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Source Code 
I have myself speculatively created a PGP with 4096 bit keys, but not
distributed it, I just wanted to investigate the speeds of RSA
operations on 4096 bit keys.  I personally think that it is time for
PGP to move on to larger keys, the arbitrary limit of 1024 or 1264 or
whatever seems restrictive.  You should be able to use as much
security as you need without having to resort to hacked versions.
I have heard the figure of 3000 bits RSA being as hard to break as 128
bit IDEA, however I understand that IDEA is a relatively new algorithm
and has not seen nearly as much exposure to analysis as DES.  For this
reason I think that the proposed 3DEA code is probably in line with
going to 4096 bit keys.
If you were one of the people using DES under the impression that it
was good for many years you should be worried now as the cost of
breaking DES has been estimated at $1m.  No doubt in 10 years time
this figure will be achievable for much less cost.  How would you feel
when it gets to the stage that your messages could be cracked
overnight on a bit of spare workstation time?
For this reason I think that the next version of PGP should have the
ability to specify n IDEA rounds, and arbitrary RSA key sizes.  That
should get the problem overwith once and for all.  The attitude that
1024 bits should be good for the hundreds of years seems nieve and
similar to IBMs 640k limit on DOS at the time 640k no doubt seemed
like a *huge* ammount of memory, I'm now typing in a text editor which
has a binary of 1.8Mb, on a m/c with 80Mb main memory.
One more thing, I think that it should be developed *outside* of the
US, at least until that ITAR thing gets thrown out.
The argument that it would take a googol years to break PGP with
current hardware doesnt hold either as RSA is not proven to be
equivalent to factoring, and better factoring algorithms are
presumably still possible.
However for the people in the US there are still problems with sorting
out a license from PKP which allows unlimited key lengths, and for
these reasons it may be worth waiting to see if this can be achieved.

@_date: 1995-08-02 03:05:21
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: some discussion of rannos in PGP (was: of a hole in PGP) 
Fred Cohen  writes on cpunks:
: PGP is a product that is specifically disliked by the powers that be
: because it provides free access to strong cryptography which is against
: the public policy of the US government.  That means that people in that
: same said government likely feel it is their duty to make certain that
: they can still read PGP mail.
Certainly granted!  Hence persecution of Phil Z.
A bit difficult to achieve in the presence of available source code, I
(and many others) are using PGP compiled by themselves.  That doesn't
prove there are no subtle back-doors but it rules out unsophisticated
backdoors in distributed executables.  (Even such things could be
checked if someone got suspicious, things can be reverse engineered).
Now to the question of what can be done practically to help further
validate PGPs authenticity, and freeness from back-doors.
The way I see it the only attack which you could reasonably expect to
pull off in terms of being subtle enough to hope to get away with
given full access to source is the random number generator.
The code which actually generates the random primes, and converts them
to PGP output format is reasonably short and well defined.  Wouldn't
take long to single step that and watch that nothing happened on the
way out to file.
Encryption is a similarly simple operation, M ^ e % n you could easily
check that manually (with a certain small piece of perl even).  Same
for generation of IDEA keys.
I don't really feel qualified to comment properly on the random number
generation, but to me (I looked at the source in fair detail) it looks
I mean there is real entropy being generated (timing key strokes
against a high speed clock on PCs lower on UNIX systems typically)
and the stirring operation looks good, MD5 + XOR on key.
Presuming that the MD5 implementation is correct?  Seems a pretty good
likelihood to be, it's been given enough real world tests that you
could do a very nice probablistic statistical confidence test on it.
Which would easily say that it was correct to some huge degree of
The legitimacy of using a high frequency clock to time intervals
between key strokes, seems a very good way of generating random
numbers.  I mean there is most definately *some* entropy being
generated, PGP makes reasonably conservative estimates of the amount
of entropy generated, and stirs the whole number in (not just the
expected entropy).
I'm not saying your comments aren't useful; they are, and analysis and
critique of the random number generation in particular is very
important.  Indeed given the sheer cost of factoring a 2048 bit RSA
modulus, or of brute forcing a 128bit IDEA key, it is indeed a
pertinent question as to whether any kind of brute force attack could
be generated on the random number generation, which could be slighly
cheaper than either of these.  128bits is a lot to play with.
To me it looks good, but then I'm not a cryptographer, and also there
is the kind of "NP problem aspect" to it all in that for reasonably
complex code it will not be apparent whether a proof is possible with
out looking at the specifics.
Still I think some analysis of the random number generation code would
be useful work.  I'm not expecting to see a flaw, but doesn't mean it
shouldn't be entered into with an open mind.
I think it does not fall in the same league as the apparent difficulty
of having a secure sendmail (you said a compromising couple of bugs
seem to get found a couple of times a year), for the reason that what
PGP is doing with it's random no generation is well defined, contained
in a few lines of code, and only really relying on a couple of
1) Heh, not a lot you can do about that.  Is it or isn't it?  Time
will tell.
2) Seems pretty likely to me there are test strings which come with
the RFC implemenation, and it would be unbelievably unlikely that it
should produce the complete set of tests and yet somehow still be
flawed.  Given that there are _no_ branches in the algorithm (ie just
various permutations and bit twidlings based on the key info, which
get mangled into the digest.
3) Pretty good I think, especially on a PC, which has a higher speed
timer.  Some entropy is surely generated, and with safe entropy
estimation, and cryptographically secure stirring, it sounds pretty
good to me.
4) For RSA keys, I don't think so, unless you believe that strong
primes will agains become important.  For current factoring algorithms
strong primes are just as hard to factor as a completely randomly
generated prime, except for certain primes which are in any have an
infinitesimal chance of occurring.  For IDEA keys there is little
value added over a striaght ran no, as there are no special properties
which an IDEA key must have.
5) I would assert is relatively trivial to demonstrate, a couple of
hours with a debugger should demonstrate that.  You could do testing
more rigourously, test every branch, so that you have checked that the
outcome is that the key gets written to the keyfile, with various
options, not utterly fool proof of course, but pretty darn good given
the simplicity.
On the more philosophical side, with the idea that you can never be
sure that folks aren't NSA agents with hidden agendas etc, well you
can't be sure.
But the open source and sheer number of folks reading is the best
argument against this.  That means that at least some true blue
cpunks, "live free or die" types will read it in earnest, and examine
very carefully.
Another philosophical argument against PGP having any cleverly hidden
"back-doors" in the form of purposefully weakened ran-no generators or
what have you is that the NSA et all hate PGP with such vehemence.
Heh if they don't like it, it must be good :-)
And remember, say NO to key escrow :-)
(It's no good having an ultra carefully validated PGP if you go to
jail for being caught with a copy on your HD, welcome to the Land of
the Freeh, and all you know.  May happens sooner than expected, then
the only folks using crypto will be the "live free or die" folks, plus
of course the criminals who figure they have more to hide and would
get in more trouble for what they are really up to than for a
"possesion of crypto" charge.)
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-08-08 01:35:46
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: RSA/Perl Shirts 
John Schultz  writes on cpunks:
There are 2 (well 4 actually) suppliers of shirts:
1) (US/Canada) Joel Furr at Josh Osborne's instigation (no current offer,
   but still to send out shirts from first batch)  OFFER PASSED
2) (free world :-) Me - Adam Back     UK printing cost only - still taking orders
   1st batch will be ordered RSN
3) (US/Canada) Don Henson     25% of proceeds to Phil Z legal defense fund - 1st batch shipped, taking
   orders next batch
4) (AU region of free world) Lucy Chubb    (no WWW URL yet) will soon be printing some in Australia cost only also
   send her email for status, starting soon
The last I heard about the status of Joel's shirts was on the netstuff
mailing list, some time ago, he said there had been delays due to
various reasons, and that his shirst wouldn't be ready until end July.
As July has ended, I'm presuming this will be RSN.
The people who have their shirts are those who ordered through Don
Henson, who has proceeded very quickly to ship shirts, he was the
start of the 350 ordered thread.
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-08-08 10:12:08
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Prime Number Gen's. 
"Rev. Ben"  writes on cpunks:
GNU code sounds like it would fit the royalty free bill.
Try the GNU multi-precision library: gmp-1.3.2.tar.gz from all good
GNU sources.  I get my stuff from ftp://src.doc.ic.ac.uk/gnu/ if you
don't have a GNU ftp site to hand.
There's a function
which returns true if the prime passes SURETY probablistic prime tests.
I think if it passes say 25 tests, then there will be less than a
1/2^25 chance that it is not prime.
Also, on:
I've got some code Aggelos Keromitis  wrote using
the GNU mp library for generating RSA keys, it uses the probab_prime
function, like this:
        while (!mpz_probab_prime_p(&p, 25))     /* Find a prime */
          mpz_add_ui(&p, &p, 1);
Where p is a random starting point.  Ie just add one and repeat.  It
would be faster to check for some more obvious things like even nos,
etc.  But it seems to work well enough, and generates working RSA
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-08-11 01:09:25
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: SSL bruting progress (was: Crypto-relevant flame interruption) 
Fred  wrote on cpunks:
There has been no public announce.  This is due to a desire to make
real sure it's going to work before announcing.
So, we're working on it.  Software is basically all there, but we're
experiencing difficulties, like during a trial run no key for Hal's
challenge seems to be being found, even though the same software finds
test keys.
We've not managed to isolate the cause of it, as (two people) have
nearly swept the entire keyspace (heh they had a bit of spare compute)
and no key has been forthcoming so far.  Give it a few more days -
until monday - and if no key is found we've got problems, 3 possible
outcomes looming:
a) we find the key to Hal's challenge and go whoopee!  Request a 2nd
   challenge from Hal? and announce a public sweep to see how fast it
   can be done.
b) something is wrong with the interpretation or the gathering of the
   SSL session data Hal based his challenge on (difficult to see
   as there are numerous fixed fields which tally with the SSL spec.)
c) software problems (also difficult to see, the software
   in all cases (3 separate versions) finds the keys of examples
   provided by Andrew Roos (ie he generated a key manually, so we know
   where to start for testing purposes)).
The likelihood of a) happening is receding, as the last key space gets
ticked off.
More news next week.

@_date: 1995-08-11 01:45:05
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Australia, EU crypto ill news, crypto wars 
Just read this on comp.risks, by Ross Anderson (via a couple of people).
A crypto relevant forward if any is relavent IMO, especially this bit:
You realise, of course, that this means war,
Tatical replies?
a) Lobbying - hopeless IMO, they aren't interested in listening, the
   politicos are just too easy to manipulate and the "masses" aren't
   clueful enough of what crypto means to understand the implications,
   or even notice.
b) pretty good stego - possible technical solution
c) independant states of cyberspace :-)  declaration of independence
c) enforced or "enabled" by b) looks good to me.
Perhaps some literary skilled cpunk would care to compose a suitable
reply for PGN to add to risks.

@_date: 1995-08-11 07:14:33
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: SSL bruting progress 
Will Kinney  writes on cpunks:
Nothing as disappointing as throwing all your spare compute joyfully
into such a fun cpunk project, and then finding no key comes from it.
Witness the RC4 bruting, which lots of folks thought fun, but
unfortunately (well it should have been expected, and it was in part,
as there were no specs, all we knew was microsoft said it was RC4 in
some way, nothing more) no key.
Also the private sweeping wasn't planned, just Eric Young said, hey
I've started at 8000 I'll sweep up from there till you're ready.
(Eric already had his own SSL bruting code).  Then David Byers asked
for a copy of Andrew Roos brute ssl to port to the maspar he has
access to, and next thing he said, hey I got it working at 1.5M
keys/sec and left it running, it'll reach Eric's start in a couple of
days.  As it turned out that they haven't found anything yet, their
keysweeping is going to be very useful to figure out what's wrong.
It's much harder to track down problems, accidentally unswept keyspace
etc, when there are 100s of sweepers.
Anyway, when we're as sure as we can be that it will work, we'll
probably try to persuade Hal for another sample session.  So that it
will be a challenge, that we don't know the answer for.
Perhaps it would be fun to have a regular key crunching ring set up
once it's all verified, and proven to work.  Part of the problem with
this is the legal implications, you probably can't expect to get away
with breaking SSL sessions no questions asked - give us a SSL session
key startup and we'll brute it - at least not openly.  A central key
distribution point kind of blows this, as it gives legal beagles
somebody to go after.
The other key distribution architecture, is an unknown machine out
there somewhere in cyberspace :-) Ie a blacknet style address and 2048
bit public key:
with a charge levied in anon digital cash.  A sweepstake perhaps, he
who hits the key first gets the anon digital cash remailed to him (tax
free of course).
An architecture resilient to interference on both legal and
ill-meaning key-sweepers sides (the possibility exists for someone to
reserve keyspace and not sweep it) is to just search randomly.  Very
simple architecture, but somewhat wasteful of resources, least likely
to be detected, as there is less communication.  One drop off of 'the
session' to cpunks, and another of the result by the euphoric lucky
person who happened to start in the right place.
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-08-11 07:37:00
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Australia, EU crypto ill news, crypto wars 
It depends how it is packaged to the voter, if it is even presented at
all (as you note below so much gets quitely swept through, and
presented fait-a-compli once they've already signed some euro deal).
The US at least makes a token of having public debate, I wouldn't be
suprised to see little to no coverage of this in the UK for instance.
If it was worded as 'government wants to force taps on all your
phones' as presumably the clipper vote was, then you might get a
reaction, but if it's worded as a way to keep tabs on all those evil
child pornagraphs who teem in the countless millions on the internet,
well it's not so eady to convince people.  Some folks still have a
mistaken belief that because that nice police man says that we need to
do this to protect our children then it is so.
Also note that Clipper wasn't completely quashed, Clinton elected to
use it for government contractors, and government official business
where crypto would be used, by presidential decree.  Not a very
democratic move, and still a ploy to get the thing accepted by
misspent government money in creating a market for the things, and
mandating it's use in defense contracting work for the government.
Sure that's exactly the approach taken to ram these things down our
throats with out public debate.
Civil disobedience is a nice way to protest obvious nonsense, of
course, but doesn't help financial institutions who will be by law
required to use escrowed encryption with the AU govt holding the keys
(in the case of the AU example government current line).  Where's your
privacy then?  You must fight for it, whilst your very efforts are
illegal, and these ludicrous laws can then be selectively enforced
depending on the whims of some arbitrary power.
Liveable, as you could view it as a 'freedom tax', but unjust.
Well there's several issues: should they be allowed to do this (no
way), and will they get away with it in the current level of crypto
awareness (probably IMO), and will it be an effective deterrant
(depends, the US one seems to keep US companies out of crypto, even
though it has probably aided rather than hindered PGPs popularity),
and is it enforceable (well ultimately no, due to good stego - your
'SuperStego for Windows' v 7.3b).
If you're confidence in Swedens resistance to big brotheresque crypto
regs is justified, well perhaps a bevy of political thought criminals
will come live in Sweden to escape their own repressive regimes.  Hows
the job market for unix hackers?
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-08-14 03:49:09
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Australia crypto ill news: pointers 
The following URL was posted by Ross Anderson (the author of the
article quoted in RISKS):
This is a pointer for the full text of the Orlowski paper (the cause
of much discussion on the future of crypto in Australia).
Also Roger Clark's home page contains lots of interesting references
for crypto policy, privacy, some info on CFP, etc, very interesting
reading I found:
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-08-14 04:12:27
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: votelink - some discussions on Phil Z & ITAR 
A short time ago on cpunks someone posted this pointer:
as there was a vote and associated discussion forum being offered on
the subject of Phil Z, the (somewhat leading - incorrectly leading)
 "Should Phil Zimmermann be prosecuted for allowing release of his PGP
  encryption program on the Internet?"
(The comment on leading question being prompted of course by the fact
that Phil did not himself export PGP, nor put it on the internet, nor
even put it on US BBSes.  The way I understand the story was that a
friend of Phil's posted the code to US BBSes, and that an unknown 3rd
party posted it from there to the Internet.  He is being investigated
for "making PGP available in a form in which it could be exported",
something different to what is implied by the question.  In this light
I find it difficult to understand how he could be held to have
"allowed it's release on the Internet", something which even the State
Department investigation is not I think accusing him of.  Several
people pointed this out in the discussion forum.  A more accurate
phrasing would perhaps have been:
 "Should Phil Zimmermann be persecuted for writing PGP?"
but then that is no doubt biased in the opposite direction.)
An interesting vote in any case, and the balance so far is:
YES: 000,172 | ABSTAIN: 000,096 | NO: 001,508
The abstainers I think could be partly explained by the worry that the
question was leading or incorrect, as this opinion was voiced in the
discussion forum.
Also an interesting thread was generated in the (WWW hosted)
discussion forum about the legal problems implied by me posting these
two snippetts of code (which I posted to the forum earlier):
 -s-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RSA-3-lines-PERL
$m=unpack(H.$w,$m."\0"x$w),$_=`echo "16do$w 2+4Oi0$d*-^1[d2%Sa
MHA\"<%"5(%N->/2!'>X3XPU<0!Y,F``58RK(F;K ------------------------------------------------------------- (hmm it seems that their WWW conversion chopped out some parts of it
presumably due to it containing < and > symbols, so perhaps their
fears were even further unfounded).  They were alarmed by the implication that their WWW server now
contained PGP code which they did not feel qualified to judge the
implications, or correctness of.  This prompted the posting to the
forum of a rather worried sounding disclaimer by a votelink
representative, to the effect that they were abiding by the Prodigy
ruling, and so felt unable to remove the offending piece of ITAR
breakage, and yet felt rather unconfortable with it's presence.
I hastened to explain (after a certain cpunk kindly drew by attention
to the discussion which I had neglected to check out after posting the
1st message) that the same dilema applies to numerous other forums,
such as USENET news distribution sites, sci.crypt archives, cpunks
archives, etc, etc.
Generated some interesting discussion anyway.

@_date: 1995-08-17 06:42:41
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
This occurred to me a whila ago too, and I thought it a very cool
idea, as it would mean you could do loads of keys at once with little
additional compute time.  Then I changed my mind, there's a reason
this doesn't work with 40 + 88 SSL, I think.
It works well enough for straight RC4, as you just compare lots of
keys at once, the RC4 output which will be XORed just gets compared
against lots of sample plain text / cipher texts simulataneously.
The actual key used is the 40 bit key you're bruting, plus what is
effectively an 88 bit salt (in unix password nomenclature, only unix
password salts are typically 12 bits).
The actual 128 bit RC4 key is generated by taking the MD5 of the known
and unknown key bits, plus a couple of other things.  As the 88 known
bits are randomly generated you can't combine work.
If I have misunderstood something, or there is a way to work around
this, please explain, because being able to do this would be a huge
boon to the key breaker.  It would allow you to break keys at a
ferocious rate if you had lots of keys to break.

@_date: 1995-08-17 08:11:06
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Another SSL breakage... 
All hell seems to have broken loose whilst I was lazing on the beach
yesterday.  SSL breakings, big name newspaper newsreports (of varying
degrees of accuracy), and much ITAR bashing (yay!) or perhaps that
should be nooooh! 'cos I might be doing myself out of work as a UK
crypto hacker (as John Hemming said in the article Robert Hettinga
forwarded) if we loose the fun advantage of being in the free world,
and not having to follow the ITAR nonsense.
Anyway, congratulations Damien!
As Hal said, another group was working on the SSL challenge (albiet
just for software testing purposes).  Here's the story....
on Tue, 15 Aug 1995 10:43:15 +0200 I recieved this from David Byers
So who was first?  David hit it Tue 10:43 GMT+2.
Doesn't matter, the more the merrier, and the better to demonstrate
the silly ITAR export restrictions.
This was a trial run at breaking it which two people had done just to
check if their respective software was working correctly.  It appears
that it was :-).  This testing was some of the reason for the slowness
in getting the group effort started, we were very keen to ensure it
really would work, and that the software was working perfectly.
Disappointment with the RC4 bruting demonstrated the importance of
checking first.  On with the story,
Davids eureka arrived Tuesday, I tinkered with it some, but was
interpreting it wrongly and left it for that day, then I was away
yesterday (at the beach with wife and kids, nice weather over here),
and figured out how to apply the key this morning (with a bit of
prompting from Hal as to what I was doing wrong), just after reading
Damien's announce on cpunks, where he independently bruted it on a
farm of workstations.
Here's the output, with the "Mr Cosmic Kumquat" from "SSL Trusters Inc":
(I won't bother formating it more cleanly as Damien has already done
the honors).
I think a group effort ought to be done now that we are confident of
the software, just to see how darn fast we (cypherpunks as a group)
can knock off SSL keys.  (This one was done by 2 people for testing
purposes, and independently by Damien (who we didn't know was working
on it)).  I'd really like to work up to a really meanly few hours
breakage, as it looks that much more impresive.  The next media
release ought to be of a steady offer, of the form, cpunks break keys
in x hours, where x is a very small number.  And not just break one
key, but will break lots of keys, as required, until something is done
about it (ITAR) :-)
Eric Young is currently away on holiday, but I have his machine stats
from earlier email, where he explained the hardware he was testing on.
Eric swept 8000 - FFFF, and David 0000 - 7ef0 (where he hit the key)
Machine stats for this bruting:
1 x 16k processor MasPar MP-1 - 1.5M keys/sec
4 CPUs of R4400 200mhz	      - 24000 keys/sec
4 CPUs of sparc  60mhz	      - 17500 keys/sec
2 CPUs of sparc  50mhz        - 14800 keys/sec
1 CPU of Pentium 75mhz	      - 10200 keys/sec
1 CPU of Alpha		      - 10000 keys/sec
2 CPUs of 88100		      -  8000 keys/sec
1 CPU of 88000		      -  3500 keys/sec
1 CPU of R3000 36mhz	      -  3800 keys/sec
49 CPUs of 486DX 50mhz	      -  3780 per src
The workstations total: - 424,320 keys/sec, and the Maspar 1.5M keys/sec
on it's own.
The 0000 - 8000 sweep was finished Aug 11 (he might have finished a
day or two earlier, that's when he replied to my question as to how he
was getting on.  He left for his holiday after that email.
The MasPar sweepings were going fast, swept 0000 - 795d (this was
sometime before the 11th Aug) but someone else wanted the machine, so
a pause ... and then (presumably Tues morning) 795d - 7ef0 and bang he
hit it.
We were getting worried about the possibility of software failure by
then as we'd already swept 8000 - FFFF and 0000 - 795D accounting for
97.4% of the key space.
It was hiding away in the last bit of unswept keyspace.  Luck of the
A few quick calculations:
The maspar alone could do the entire keyspace in 8 1/2 days, or an
expected average time of ~100 hours.  I believe I'm right that there
would be lots of organisations which would sell you idle maspar hours
for a lot less than $100 / hr.
Heck you could do it with PC's, if they (WSJ article) think it's worth
$10k all I can say is "give me the $10k", and I'll do it and make a
handsome profit.
The workstation farm, at 424k keys/sec could do the job in 30 days, or
15 days average.  The workstation farm was only used to sweep half the
key space, and was used overnight (12 hours) and weekends (61 hours)
only as people were using the machines during the day.
Could it have been done with out anyone knowing?  Hell, yes - it was
in fact, no announce was made as it was just testing etc.

@_date: 1995-08-17 11:13:19
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Breaking DES anyone? (was: Breaking RC4-40 for less) 
Fred Cohen  wrote on cpunks:
Nice idea and one which works for pure RC4, but unfortunately not for
128 bit, 88 bit known + 40 bit unknown "export" SSL.
Netscape's SSL uses "40 bit keys" that are composed in a strange way:
you are given 88 bits of known key, and this is combined with the 40
bit key, to give a 128 bit key.  That key is used to do the
encryption.  The problem is that this has a unix password salt like
effect, only this time there are 88 bits of salt rather than 12 bits.
So this means that you can't precompute anything on the 40 bits as the
88 bits are randomly generated, and likely vary with each session.
Agreed, it's too high for the other reason that lots of people have
spare compute cycles.  Idle cycles have low to non-existant
incremental cost, and there are plenty of them around in the world.
Back to breaking crypto systems.
There are a couple of things you can do, there is your pre-compute
some proportion of the key space - so that you get some of them, this
would work well for straight 40 bit RC4 - and there are quite probably
such products around - microsoft has a number of "secure" [sic] things
around the Microsoft Access we were looking at earlier, another system
for doing remote access (modem) and having the sessions encrypted.
The problem with micro$oft is they are a darn closed system, and
no-one so far has invested the time to decode what they're doing with
a debugger.  That was the reason for the failed brute RC4 a while back
- no specs.
So precompute regions of keys would work on pure RC4-40 as you
describe.  It would be fast too - a disk seek time being the bounding
factor - per key!
Another approach is to do lots of keys simultaneously - so you set up
this distributed effort which is continually re-sweeping the 40 bit
keyspace, say every couple of days or whatever.  You can sweep for
more than one key at once at very low incremental cost, an extra key
costs close to nothing.  So say you are searching for 1000 keys at
once - a dragnet approach - well keys just pop out at random as they
are hit, maybe straight away maybe at worst case the sweeping
roll-over time, but on average a key will fall out every 3 minutes.
The same approach is applicable to 1 guy with 1 humble PC, it'll sweep
the full keyspace it in a year or two, but what does he care if he
gets a couple of keys a day, and they're all nice transactions he can
pilfer / make nefarious use of.
DES breaking schemes...
Something similar applies to DES, I mean what's a piffling 56 bit
keyspace if you don't really care *which* key of several thousand that
you actually want.  There are bound to be a large enough supply of DES
encrypted banking transactions flowing around the various financial
networks in the US to make a nefarious breaking of them emminently
possible.  It moves on the time for a complete sweep as you now have
56 bits to contend with - but I think with a team of say 1024
workstations like the one I am typing on (an SGI Indy ~$5k
workstation) in a distributed effort, and a large supply of DES keys,
you could get a workable break on *one* of those keys in a shortish
time how long?  Well I'm not sure how fast DES can be made to go for
these purposes, but 60k keys/sec is a figure I have for DES set_key
(Eric Youngs code on a Sparc 20) I'm not too sure of the details of
what you'd need to brute a DES key, but setting up the key, and
presumably a small additional cost to test the first byte and every
256 tries to test 2 bytes etc.  Anyone know if 60k keys/sec sounds
reasonable for a DES brute?
Anyway working on that, 1024 workstations, 60k keys/sec = 60 M
keys/sec = 37 years!
But (here's the saving bit) if you try say 64k keys *at once* so
you've hoovered up a stack of keys (hypothetically - technically
plausible too a tap on a banking network should yield you a whole load
of them) *then* you can get much nicer figures:
A DES key every 5 hours!  I'm thinking 1024 workstation equivalents
shouldn't be insurmountable to organise - lots of people have faster /
multiprocessor machines, and farms of workstations / PCs etc.
Perhaps 64k keys is a bit generous, and 1024 keys would be a more
sensible figure, even then that translates to 13 days expected.
As some one said a while ago (breaking) Netscape is the big win!
Breaking DES is *the* big win!
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-08-17 12:22:10
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Cost to Crack Keys 
*But* the real cost to a particular organisation, is subsidised by the
amount of idle compute cycles they have.  You can't take this into
account very easily or accurately for a general figure, where raw $
are probably the best figure.
For instance I know someone who works for a large UK newspaper (he's
admin for their unix workstations), and he says there are acres of
RS6000s just sitting there idling most of the time.  They are used for
document preparation only (what a waste all that lovely silicon just
burning cylces, and being occasionally used as a glorified word
Anyway point being to that particular organisation, if they for some
reason (I dunno but say a big scoop - they need to nefariously break
something to get the low down on a politician - unofficially of
course), their real cost is quite a bit lower than the raw $, perhaps
0 cost even if they can wait long enough for their impromptu farm to
do the job.
This doesn't really affect the raw $ cost as such, people just need to
estimate the amount of wasted $ equivalent of idle compute they
already have in their personal calculations.
It would sound better if various news papers would care to print
something along the lines of "with idle compute powers as many typical
organisations have in abundance".  Papers printing high sounding $
figures is though technically accurate (perhaps not too sure about the
accuracy), mis-leading to general public who probably don't realise
that there is a few $100 tho of idle compute lying around in the
accounts department already!
In summary, yes but it doesn't sound as good, and folks don't equate
idle CPU to $ intuitively.
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-08-17 13:00:33
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Breaking DES anyone? (was: Breaking RC4-40 for less) 
Hal Finney  writes on cpunks:
Agreed.  I was not being clear and mixing various things in one post.
I was talking about 3 different systems:
1) export SSL 88 + 40
2) pure RC4-40  (hypothetical - possible microsoft / other apps)
4) DES (56 bits, can it be done)
In the part you quote I was talking about pure RC4 40, I'm not sure
which applications fall into this category, but it is one thing we
have yet to determine.  Perhaps Microsoft Access falls in to this
category?  Other microsoft applications / other vendor applications?
someone needs to do the microsoft equivalent of a FOIA to extract this
info.  Anyone have any Microsoft software with encryption that they
could quiz Microsoft tech support about?
For export SSL it does not work for the reason you describe, the 88
bit salt effect.
For DES I think it does work (attacking many keys at once), but then
my understanding of DES is limited, but as a block cipher, presumably
you can just brute keys in a straight forward manner?  If so you can
try multiple keys at once, unless there is some salt effect involved
with typical CBC 56 bit DES operation too?  Depending on the relative
costs of the parts of the block cipher, a) key-setup
b) block / stream decrypt
pure RC4 is designed so that a) is vastly more expensive than b).
How does this pan out for DES?  DES (and RC4) are designed for fast
encrypt / decrypt, but is there an appreciable key setup phase?
I have these figures courtesy of Andy Brown:
So what is a brute DES program on multiple keys with CBC mode (is this
the most common mode?) going to look like in terms of calls to these
various calls?
The set_key looks slow compared to the DES cbc bytes per sec, even if
you have to cycle a couple of blocks to get to your known plaintext
location.  Am I on the right tracks?  It seems to me that you gain
considerably by doing multiple keys even with CBC and random IV due to
relatively fast block decrypt as compared to key setup.
I think this would be an interesting way to determine the market value
of idle cycles, and likely lead to cheaper figures for breaking things
than are touted (by newspapers, and people to whose advantage it is to
estimate generously the cost).

@_date: 1995-08-17 13:15:26
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Silly technical question from a non-technical person 
Hmm yes and no.
- For pure RC4-40 yes.
- For export SSL no.  It has what is effectively an 88 bit salt
  (familiar with unix password salts? like that only 88 bits).
- For full 128 bit SSL, yes, but 128 bits is a rather large even if
  you have a few million keys to try at once with speed up gains.
  2^128 is a biiig number.
- For DES I think so, asked for others opinions, this might be the
  next one to die, big project but possibly doable with lots of keys
  at once

@_date: 1995-08-18 09:08:43
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Where is the key cracking farming software? 
Dan Bailey  writes on cpunks:
Yep there's lots of versions of the brutessl software, ones I know of
(in no particular order):
- Damien Doligez wrote one
- Andrew Roos wrote on (this is the one we're using for the challenge)
- Eric Young wrote one
- I wrote one
More related softwares, specifications etc.
- Piete Brookes, Andy Brown, and I wrote a protocol specification for
  a SMTP style key doler - SKSP (Simple Key Search Protocol) - draft
  RFC like document on brute (www url below).
- Piete wrote a unix socket based key server and client for generic
  unix machines (in perl).
- Andy Brown wrote a Windows NT client which talks the same protocol
- David Byers did a MasPar port of the brutessl code
The socket based key distributer allows you to write clients which
interact with the key server.  Take a look at Andy's code.
Not sure how Andy addresses this in the NT code (I don't have NT), but
for the unix client you'd just get another brute force program,
compile it and update the client.
Piete has a WWW URL for the software (the protocol spec is there too) at:
(Brute is a subsubdomain he set up for the purpose).
Also this:
should work.
And the socket server runs on: sksp.brute.cl.cam.ac.uk (port 19957).
I think we're ready to start another challenge, this one a
collaborative project like the brute rc4 one.  Just need some
challenges now (asked Hal about this).

@_date: 1995-08-21 08:37:01
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: NEXT CHALLENGE: volunteers to compile brutessl for a few platforms 
Could someone with a few things handy compile Andrew Roos code so that
we have a nice handy pre-compiled DOS binary.
A must will be a DOS binary, what other platforms?
Any other architecture you would like to see a binary made available
Please send binary to Piete (cc line) or me, and it would be nice if
you could provide a detatched PGP signature also.
The tar file is at:
There is a pointer to brutessl.tar.gz.  You'll need to use save next
link ( "shift and click" on URL in netscape 1.1 ), or whatever
mechanism your browser provides.
You'll also need TAR.EXE and GZIP.EXE for DOS to unpack a .tar.gz file.
In case this is a problem I have just created this:
containing these files:
   2 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd          439 Jul 31 11:14 Makefile
   2 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd          602 Jul 31 17:19 README
  34 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd        16450 Jul 31 17:20 assembly.c
  42 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd        21373 Jul 31 17:21 brutessl.c
   6 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd         2776 Jul 31 17:21 brutessl.h
  26 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd        12709 Jul 31 17:21 brutessl.txt
   2 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd          351 Aug 19 20:31 chal2.pf
   2 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd          264 Jul 31 17:21 chal1.pf
  34 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd        16500 Jul 31 17:22 search.c
   2 -rw-r--r--    1 aba      phd          296 Jul 31 17:22 test.pf
You should be able to access them individually as:
(just in case you can't handle TAR / GZIP files on your DOS machine).
chal1.pf is the challenge that Damien just broke, chal2.pf is my first
attempt at producing a challenge file for Hal's next challenge.
The challenge info will be at:
when it starts.

@_date: 1995-08-21 08:37:01
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: NEXT CHALLENGE: plan of action 
Okay this a bit awkward because Piete doesn't appear to be in today,
but there are a few things which need doing first (compiling which I
mentioned in the previous message, and a 2nd opinion on the config
file which I posted in the previous message to that), so perhaps this
is not a problem.
What we want to do (what I want to do!) with this latest challenge of
Hal's is to try to see how fast it can be brute forced.  To this end
we need a kind of starting line effect, so everyone gets their
software, and has it tested as running correctly.  People using the
socket doler have their clients ticking over, people using the WWW
browser have their fingers poised over the button etc, and then Piete
(when he gets back, let's say Monday 12:00 GMT to be safe, he can
ammend that time later if necessary when he next gets on line) will
start the race.
Sound like a good plan?
Where to find things...
The brutessl software, the unix socket client, and the Windows NT
client are on:
Also I have (temporarily, until Piete has a chance to update
 the brutessl code here:
(both TAR file, and individual files untarred).
If and when people compile binaries for architectures which don't
typically come with compilers by default - such as DOS, OS/2, Macs,
I'll put any binaries sent to me in this directory.  When Piete gets
back, he'll either make a pointer to this repository, or copy it on to
UNIX client.
How to use the unix client...  download brclient from the www page:
it is a perl program so you may have to edit the path to perl (the 1st
line of the program should be  and you
will have to mark it as executable.
You will also need a shell script called brloop which uses brclient.
It is on Piete's "sources" page, this page is indexed from the main
brute page above, here it is explicitly.
So get brloop.
Get and compile the brutessl.tar.gz file.
Run brloop.
The brclient perl socket client talks to a machine with a DNS:
At the moment the server is not running so it will fail, but when
Piete starts it up, your client will periodically ask for work, before
the start time (Monday 12:00 GMT, or later time if this time is
changed) your client will just be told to sleep for a while, when it
wakes up it will ask for work again.  In this way the client can be
left ticking over, when work does arrive it will notice, as it will
actually recieve some work when it makes the request, and start doing
it, and reporting back when it finishes each chunk.
For a more detailed description of the socket protocol that Piete's
brclient will talk to the key server, have a look at this document
"SKSP Simple Key Searching Protocol" an SMTP like protocol for
requesting keys to search, and reporting back the results.
(This is indexed from the main  page under "new protocol".)
There is a windows NT socket client written by Andrew Brown, pointers
to that also.
If you want to write a socket client for another architecture (someone
mentioned PowerPC?) the protocol is reasonably straight forward, and
documented in the protocol.txt file above.

@_date: 1995-08-21 08:37:06
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: NEXT CHALLENGE: please check my config file 
As you may have surmised Hal has given us another challenge to satisfy
the people who want to do a challenge to see *how fast* they can do it
by involving as many people and their computers as possible.
Here's my take on interpreting Hal's data to come up with a
configuration file.
I think the challenge file should look like this:
Below I will give my resoning for each field.  Each field as it is
derived will be quoted with >>>
Could a few people check that I have made no mistakes.
Please check, thanks.
A break down of Hal's challenge, could someone please check my logic
in deriving an Andrew Roo's style config file for brutessl 1.0 and
check my interpretation against Hal's interpretation in the previous

@_date: 1995-08-21 09:30:47
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: NEXT CHALLENGE: plan of action? 
[First please moderate my previous couple of postings with the
knowledge that they may (if they even got out) have been hanging in
suspended animation for ~40 hours due to stuffed mail server, and some
things have changed since then.]
I've been out of things for a couple of days due to aforementioned
dead mailer.  All's well now (well it's croaking along passably
Just posted a config file for Hals 2nd challenge, which Alex Tang
 has kindly checked.
I read on Saturday Ian Goldbergs post about starting out on the
challenge using Damiens code.
It doesn't matter a great deal which code is used as such, but the
main thing is to ensure that this is a coordinated effort.  The aim of
the challenge (which I requested and Hal kindly provided just before
popping off for a week or so's holiday) was to see how fast a SSL
challenge could be broken.  Not how *soon*, note the distinction.
That means that if for instance we count the time that Ian has been
clocking up since Saturday, the real time will be slowed by approx 2
days.  We really need to do this with a starting-line like affair, so
that someone is running a server, and everyone gets the code compiled
etc, and then the server starts offering the challenge and all the
clients fire off.
That way we have a less straggly start up which makes for better
bruteing figures.
Agreed so far?
If so here's my ideas...
Use Andrew Roos client & Piete's socket server / WWW client for the
reason that this combination has been designed to operate both an
automated sockets master / slave system and offer manual key
allocation over WWW for those without direct connectivity, or behind
All of the software for this system is indexed from the URL:
or	ftp://ftp.brute.cl.cam.ac.uk/pub/brute/
The socket server running SKSP protocol (more ont he protocol later)
is at this address:
(ie port no 19957)
The clients are setup to use this address by default in any case.  The
WWW based key doler is indexed from the WWW page above:
and this (transparently) interacts with the socket server also, so WWW
users can via a WWW forms interface take out keyspace to sweep, and
return the keyspace after sweeping.
The SKSP (Simple Key Searching Protocol) is described in an RFC like
document available here:
for anyone wishing to write clients for other platforms, or with more
advanced features, or for those simply wishing to know what language
the client is talking.
Where to find things...
The brutessl software, the unix socket client, and the Windows NT
client are on:
Also I have put an untarred version of the brutessl code here:
(individual files untarred).
If and when people compile binaries for architectures which don't
typically come with compilers by default - such as DOS, OS/2, Macs,
I'll put any binaries sent to me in this directory, and / or send to
Piete for a pointer to this repository, or copying to brute.cl.
UNIX client.
How to use the unix client...  download brclient from the www page:
it is a perl program so you may have to edit the path to perl (the 1st
line of the program should be  and you
will have to mark it as executable.
You will also need a shell script called brloop which uses brclient.
It is on Piete's "sources" page, this page is indexed from the main
brute page above, here it is explicitly.
So get brloop.
Get and compile the brutessl.tar.gz file.
Run brloop.
The brclient perl socket client talks to a machine with a DNS:
At the moment the server is running and will ask your client to sleep,
as the challenge has not been started yet.  When Piete starts it up,
your client will periodically ask for work, before the start time
(Tue 12:00 GMT, or later time if this time is changed) your client
will just be told to sleep for a while, when it wakes up it will ask
for work again.  In this way the client can be left ticking over, when
work does arrive it will notice, as it will actually recieve some work
when it makes the request, and start doing it, and reporting back when
it finishes each chunk.
There is a windows NT socket client written by Andrew Brown, pointers
to that also.

@_date: 1995-08-22 11:52:46
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: C$ prize for bruting Hal's next challenge? 
It has been suggested to me that we might like to add a fun incentive
to the bruting of Hal's 2nd SSL challenge as posted to cypherpunks on
Aug 19th.
To this end we need some c$ for the pot!
I'll be collecting donations for the pot and vouch that every c$ cent
handed over will be handed to the person who hits the key.
The only reciever of the jackpot for hitting the key, will be
encouraged to cash it in on the ecm mailing list / ecash market WWW
so that currency is not taken out of circulation, and to help boost
the flow of c$ for the ecash market, as there appears to be a shortage
of e$ sellers.
For info on joining in the lottery for a chance to win your c$ back
and then some, or just to win other peoples c$, take a look at:
The challenge has not started yet, that will probably not be for a day
or two yet, so you've got time to get the software, check that it
works etc.
Then stand by... for "the ready, steady, go!".
The reason for the start line affair is that for demonstrational
reasons this attempt is designed to show how quickly a Netscape SSL
session can be cracked.
There is a WWW interface to getting key space for those behind
firewalls or without direct IP.
I hereby donate c$ 50 to the pot, mail me your c$.  (It won't be a
good idea if you post your c$ to the lists, as the first person to
cash it gets it, you need to do it in private email, PGP it even).  To
generate your payment either save it to a file, or email directly to
me via the digicash client, click on the icon which looks like a note
(is that what it's supposed to be? the one next to the bank symbol),
then choose to send via file / email toggle make payment, enter the
amount (leave the shop account ID blank, give a payment description if
you like).
[btw is there still something wrong with toad.com? traffic seems
exceptionally light...]

@_date: 1995-08-22 12:50:08
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: NEXT CHALLENGE: so, when does it start? 
Soon.  No.  And not yet.
Yes confusion abound.  Dead mailer for me, Piete away for a while
(back now).  Rest assured big announce of a deadline when it is fixed,
with plenty of warning.
Perhaps a start time of day which is more convenient would be better,
also for people using WWW, few likely to be around at 6AM, perhaps
later in the day, when the time is decided.
Yes, correct.  For people with the unix client, this means they can
leave the client running already, and it will sleep in 1hr chunks,
until there is something on the server to do.
Okay will do.

@_date: 1995-08-22 13:47:09
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: C$ prize for bruting Hal's next challenge? 
Okay, a quick email conversation with Mark Grant as to how one goes
about doing shops via cgi/www, and a brief bit of fiddling, and here
we are:
Just click on amount to donate to the pot.  Pay in parts if the amount
you want isn't there (ie 15 c$ = 5 c$ + 10 c$).
cpunks + ecm folks + digicash enthousiasts, accepting your c$
donations now!

@_date: 1995-08-23 07:17:57
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Subject: ANNOUNCE: 2nd SSL challenge - we need your compute! 
[a copy of final announce, start time 18:00 GMT, tomorrow (Thu), as
posted to a list of USENET groups]
This is a request for idle compute time for the brute force of Hal's
second SSL challenge.
You will likely have read about the brute force crack of a netscape
SSL session by Damien Doligez , which was
widely covered in the media, and much discussed in this (and other)
Damien has information on his breaking of the 1st challenge at:
Hal Finney  has now issued a 2nd challenge,
the aim with this challenge is to demonstrate in how short a time an
export SSL key can be broken.  ie not how soon, but how *quickly* from
start to finish (note the distinction), so for this reason we are
constructing a virtual start line, and the virtual start gun will fire
If you are interested to join in, please obtain the sources / binaries
for your system in preparation for the start.  (Even if you are after
the start, join in as it will take a while).
Piete Brooks  wrote and is hosting the socket server,
and WWW pages, see this URL for the socket client and brute forcing
software, and WWW forms interface key doler:
ftp archive (software available by both WWW and ftp):
Prize fund - donate c$ for the prize
I have set up a prize fund in c$ (digicash ecash) to add a bit of fun
to the proceedings, and stimulate interest in DigiCash (the best ecash
on the planet IMO).
The prize fund at time of writing is c$ 292.30, and the winner will be
the person who hits the key.  The person who gets the prize will be
encouraged to participate in the ecash market to cash the money in, to
increase cash flow (there is currently a shortage of c$ sellers), and
to avoid taking the cash out of circluation.
Give your c$ donations for the prize fund here:
(or via email: shop-id: SSL-prize-fund, account-id: aba at dcs.ex.ac.uk)
The (unofficial) digicash exchange:
Sign up for the Digicash trial (get c$ 100 free on opening account):
A couple of things to note, the ecash exchange is not affiliated with
digicash, it is an experiment setup by digicash enthousiasts to allow
a floating exchange mechanism for buying and selling c$.  The other
thing to note is that exchange rate is currently (from the exchange
above) about 100 c$ = 5 US $.
Compiling for some platforms required
We are currently lacking a DOS only version of the BRUTESSL.EXE, this
is complicated by the fact that Andrew Roos has 32 bit 80x86 assembly speedups as well as a generic C version in
his brutessl application which makes it tricky to get a 32 bit
application.  (Oh for standard flat 32 bit UNIX).  Apparently it is
possible using the Pharlap DOS extender software, so if anyone is able
to help with this, please contact Piete or myself (Adam).
Also (an easier task!) could someone compile a 16 bit one, which we
can use to fall back on if the above doesn't work.  I did this myself,
but my PC HD has probs of it's own at the moment, all you have to do
is edit search.c brutessl.h brutessl.c lightly to fix up the macro for
rotate left (makes a difference if your compiler supports it), and to
make sure that the typedef (I think in brutessl.h) is set up so that
word = a long.  Don't use the assembly.c but rather the generic C
version search.c, that'll make things easier.
Any platforms you would like to see pre-compiled binaries for, send
them along, the source code is available from the ftp, and http
addresses above.  A MAC binary would be nice also.
More technical things... skip unless you're interested
The socket server which will be doling out the keys is running on:
but you shouldn't need to know that unless you like to know what's
going on the client software is wired to use this by default.
There is an draft RFC like specification for the SMTP like protocol
which the client and server use to talk to each other (SKSP = Simple
Key Searching Protocol):
Who's doing what (who to complain to about things not working :-)
Hal Finney	Issued challenge 1 and 2
Piete Brooks	hosting www, and socket server, author of unix socket code
Andrew Roos	wrote brutessl app
Andy Brown	wrote windows NT client & protocol spec with Piete
Adam Back	general software questions, prize fund ecash shop
Damien Doligez	Broke 1st challenge
Eric Young	\ independently broke 1st challenge also
David Byers	/
Mark Grant	WWW Ecash exchange
email / www for those poeple:
Hal Finney  	  Andy Brown Piete Brooks  		  Adam Back  		  Andrew Roos Damien Doligez   Eric Young David Byers Mark Grant 	  (also lots of other people have offered compute time, and / or
contributed technical advice / bug reports etc)
Adam Back Piete Brooks

@_date: 1995-08-24 00:31:41
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Brute SSL Challenge 
You wouldn't happen to have gcc under DOS would you?
Or anyone else with djgcc for DOS?
What would be really nice would be a 32 bit DOS executable, which is
very hard to obtain with any PC software, and compiling it 16 bit
suffers a huge performance hit.
In search of a 32 bit DOS binary,

@_date: 1995-08-24 00:55:28
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Subject: ANNOUNCE: 2nd SSL challenge - we need your compute! 
Just send it along... several people have been shipping various DOS
binaries out of the US, with out the source.
The presumption taken was that as long as they didn't ship search.c or
assembly.c, there is no crypto source, and the binary could not be
used to encrypt anything.  (Also it's for SSL with 40 bit keys which
is export approved anyway).
You can ship a diff for brutessl.c (which contains no crypto code) if
you want the mods to be mixed back in (please include some kind of
 __MAC or whatever the standard _i_am_a_mac macro is).  Or if
that makes you uncomfortable, well we'll do with out the source.
Reckon you'd be safe enough.
Anyone think otherwise?

@_date: 1995-08-24 07:44:17
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: SSL CHALLENGE: 3 hours to go... 
The start time for the kick off on the race to crack Hal's 2nd
challenge is fast approaching...
That's only a little over 3 hours away.  Please start your brloop
clients if you have not already.  Chuck in any net connected unix
boxes, never mind how old or slow, they'll still help.  Be ready with
the WWW interface at 18:00 GMT if you don't have direct IP.  The
client runs the brute forcer at nice -20, so it shouldn't interfere
with users.
All code, and step by step instructions for setup on:
or	ftp://ftp.brute.cl.cam.ac.uk/pub/brute/
Binaries available for DOS, Windows 95/NT, generic C code for unix &
others.  Please run the socket code if you can, it'll provide best
utilisation, and least work for you.
May the race being...
The c$ prize fund has reached c$ 342.30, and the more compute you
personally contribute the greater chance you have of winning it :-)

@_date: 1995-08-24 08:56:32
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Subject: ANNOUNCE: 2nd SSL challenge - we need your compute! 
Duncan Frissell  writes on cpunks:
Yep really 18:00 GMT, ie slightly over 2 hours from now approx.
Yep, getting a decent 32 bit app for windows / DOS seems to be a
problem alright.  Pity as the 32 bit app runs appreciably faster.
I made a plea for a DJGCC (DOS port of GNU cc) compiled binary, that
would run under bog standard DOS, and with full 32 bit, if we can find
anyone with the software to do it.  Any takers?
The prize fund has grown to c$ 372.30.
Ready, steady, go!

@_date: 1995-08-24 12:58:49
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Brute SSL Challenge 
There a 32 bit OS2 app which TJ Hardin compiled, it's on the ftp and
web site.  It was compiled with the OS2 version of gcc.
A the moment, there is no C code version of the client, it's perl
only, and I suspect would not work under OS/2 even with the perl for
OS2 even without a fair bit of work.
You could, however, use the WWW key doler, there's a place where you
can request keyspace.

@_date: 1995-08-24 14:06:52
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: BruteSSL: WTF? 0c2b-cf7a NOACK 0c2b 50000 Joe Thomas <jthomas@ogi.com> 
Presumably it's just an error, never attribute to malice what can be
explained by simple error (as the saying goes).
You could falsely ACK keyspace, but it's designed so that it would be
hard to do this by accident, one of the nos is a checksum, which is
trivial to calculate (for a malicious user who cared to read the
source), but 1/65536 of getting it right by accident.
It'll sort itself out tho', because the way Piete Brooks has written
it, when keyspace reaches FFFF, it starts re-assigning the ones which
aren't acked yet, so the 50000 keys will start getting assigned again.

@_date: 1995-08-24 14:14:54
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: SSL CHALLENGE: ALERT! probable misallocation of keys? 
Peter Trei  writes on cpunks:
A quite plausible theory, hadn't thought of that.
Piete's server is more reslient than that!
What happens is that when it reaches FFFF, it'll start doling out yet
unacked keys on the assumption that they were mistakes, or that they
were slow machines, or WWW doled ones which the user forgot to ack.
This is better for speed reasons also, as it means everybody gets
something to do right up to the end, there'll be a mad scrabble at the
end where multiple people are working on the same keyspace, as it
wraps around the remaining unacked bits of key, but the 1st person to
ack gets credited for it, and that way it gets done as quickly as

@_date: 1995-12-20 01:58:46
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: [even more NOISE] BIO-MUNITION: gifs of perl-RSA tattoo 
Funny you should say that... I thought I'd better check (before you
mentioned this btw) by transcribing from the (slightly grainy) gif,
and Richard did miss one char, fortunately in an easily correctable
position.  I'd guess his wife has probably tattooed the missing ` by
(The ` was missing from the line:
$m=unpack(H.$w,$m."\0"x$w),$_=`echo "16do$w 2+4Oi0$d*-^1[d2%Sa
but there was a bit of white space between the = and the e -- plenty
enough for a ` -- phew that was close!
While I'm here generating noise, someone just sent me this:
 -s-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RSA-5-lines-PERL
do 'bigint.pl';($_,$n)=
),$x):0,""/ge;($r,$t)=&bdiv($r,256),$_=pack(C,$t).$_ while$w--+1-2*$d;print}
Significance?  It's in pure perl -- no use of dc.  I was *very*
impressed.  It's a fair bit slower unfortunately, but some people
objected to the other one on the grounds that it was cheating to use
an external program (dc).  Also that will work on PCs without mods.

@_date: 1995-01-16 13:10:55
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: request for factorising code 
I have had a look at the exported version of Netscape's WWW browser
which has support for secure transfer of info, and it says it uses RSA
keys limited to 40 (not sure whether this is decimal digits or bits).
This is the broken version for export, I am not sure what the
non-crippled version uses.  I would like to have a go at factorising a
number of 40 digits to get a feel for how secure this system is.  I
suspect not very secure even 40 digits is pretty pitiful for an RSA
key size 40 bits would be a joke.  I would like to get a feel for how long it takes to factorise a 40
digit number.  Does anyone have source code for factorising large numbers.
I have code to generate the RSA key pairs and modulus, what I am
looking for is code to factorise a number using one of the better
algorithms (quadratic sieve, etc.).
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-01-20 03:34:50
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Netscape, RC4, key exchange? 
Ok, so Netscape (the exported version only?) uses 40bit RC4 for
encryption, but what about key exchange?  RC4 is a stream cypher so
both the receiver and sender need to know the key.  Does anybody know
what method Netscape uses to exchange keys DH, RSA, other? and what
key sizes?

@_date: 1995-07-11 13:10:28
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Down with ITAR - Have YOU exported PGP today? (fwd) 
This is a forward of something I just cross-posted to alt.security.pgp,
and talk.politics.crypto.  Civil disobedience via illegal .sigs.
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp,talk.politics.crypto
You all know about the ridiculous US regulation called ITAR and how it
applies to crypto software in the US, well here's a fun and relatively
safe (YMMV) way for you to export PGP in protest.
It is just a token effort, and of 0 practical significance, but the
idea is that you just post 3 lines of the uuencoded zipped DOS PGP
executable in place of your usual sig in protest.  If they lock you up
for 3 uuencoded lines which came off a European ftp site and European
web page, then well they are stupid.  More to the point it would make
them (the US state department and the NSA) look stupid.
Take a look at this web page:
it will dole out uuencoded parts of PGP.EXE (the DOS binary for
pgp2.6.2i, the international version of PGP, as is available from
myriads of non-US ftp sites).
See my sig for a sample, the first in a long stream hopefully,
And remember, say NO to key escrow :-)
for next chunk to export -->

@_date: 1995-07-13 11:50:59
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: mistake on my part 
Perry Metzger  writes on cpunks:
I thought there was some kind of "read my lips" type statement about
not mandating key escrow a short while ago.  Making it illegal to not
use escrow on the internet (in the US and certain materials) sounds
dangerously close to mandating key escrow.
Also I remember one list member making a prediction, that as they'd
said _definately no key escrow_, that you could bet your ass that
meant exactly the opposite, and that it would rear it's head anytime
soon.  I think the poster even had a prediction in terms of months,
but don't have the original post handy, looks like he was right.
Anyway these things are in stages:
1. voluntary key escrow
2. mandatory key escrow for certain materials
3. mandatory key escrow across the board
If they pull this off stage 2, I wonder how long till stage 3, I think
it'll be time to leave the sinking ship while exit visas are still
for next chunk to export -->

@_date: 1995-07-17 13:16:38
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: RC4 crack 
Robert Hayden  writes on cpunks:
[I answered this in email but the answer is: all will be told soon]
A brief explanation is called for, basically the 100% is %age
allocated, and there are still a few stragglers being swept.
For a brief explanation have a look at the brute-rc4.html page which I
have now updated:
A more detailed report will be posted to cpunks when the last keyspace
has been swept.
We are expecting that no key will be found at this stage, as it was
not sure to being with that the supplied plaintext/ciphertext was a
correct pair of RC4-40.  Lack of open Micro$oft specs on the workings
of Micro$oft Access meant that we were guessing, and hoping that we
got it right.  The original brute rc4 project was started on the basis
of 'lets brute it and see'.  Looks like nothing will come out.
Several folks have various parts of an RC4 SSL bruter (netscape secure
sockets layer) and are working on sockets based farming tools to allow
this one to be more automated, as there have been key space management
problems with the bruterc4 effort.  Also means a better % of idle time
will be soaked on particpating machines, as we will not need to wait
for operators to get in the next morning, or rely on people to
remember which space they have swept to paste back into the confirm
Soon ( a week maybe ) the respective parties hope to have all this
sorted out, and get ready for a SSL breaking effort.
So outcome of RC4 soon, followed by SSL effort announce in a while.
In the RC4 outcome announce will be a % break down of how much compute
people swept, even some folks on single PCs have swept as much as 1%
of keyspace alone in 1 week.

@_date: 1995-07-17 13:41:49
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: RC4 crack 
Yeah it's quite like that except we're going for sockets, and an SMTP
style protocol.  That way people can write other apps to the protocol,
for instance Andy Brown has an SSL bruter and key management s/w for
NT, and he plans to interface to the 'master' software via this socket
protocol, allows intermixing, so some people will be running direct
IP, others with PCs or behind firewalls will be running via the WWW
interface which also talks the SMTP style stuff to the master, and it
would be possible if desired to write an email gateway to the socket
protocol for interacting with the master.
Also the socket protocol (blame Piete for this clever stuff, and most
of the socket protocol design) is planned to work with arbitrary
levels of masters, so you can start a local master say on your local
network, the local master requests keys of the 'big master', and doles
them out to 'slaves' running on each cpu you have.  When all it's
slaves have acked the keyspace it has drawn out from the big master,
it'll ack that bigger keyspace with the bigmaster and draw out some
more keyspace.
Yep a telnet port is it for both reporting and getting keys, also the
WWW interface to the same.
Right, niceing seems to be one option another is to suspend it whilst
people are directly logged in, Kevin and some others have tools for
this kind of thing.  Also there was a similar ultra-nice batch job
suspender which came with RSA129, which we might pinch/combine.
The problem with nicing is that most unix schedulers don't seem to
know what nice means,.. you still get a noticable slow down on
interactive jobs on SGI boxes even if you've got it npri -h 150, and
even though the bruterc4 (and the bruteSSL too) have tiny resident
core sizes).  Also we thought there should be an hours of play option
so you can tell it (the slave) when it is allowed to hammer the
machine, say 6pm - 7am or whatever.
So, yes the idea that you can slam it in the background and forget it
is a very nice one as it ensures max resource usage.  Also it would
allow us to setup a semi-permanent key cracking ring, with slaves that
can support cracking both SSL and RC4, plus whatever anyone else adds
later, you would get to install a new "ability" then your machine
would say know how to do relations for a RSA-512bit or whatever.
Interesting to see how many MIPs can be mustered en masse for this
kind of app.

@_date: 1995-07-18 08:46:38
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Zimmerman legal fund 
I'd be interested to hear this too, but what I am concerned about is
that the whole thing is too strongly tied to first virtual.
I mean there was the Yellow Ribbon Campaign but all URLs out of that
page point to FV, no mention of the at least two other (more
convenient for most people, and hence in Phil Zs interests) methods:
a) PGPed email CC no. to Phil Dubois (Phil Zs chief legal counsel)
b) similar PGPed email CC no. to some guy in Europe who was offering
to collect up all of the European donations, and send them to Dubois
in lump sums to save on currency exchange costs.
Both of these I believe have been signed by people who directly have
their keys signed by Phil Z himself, I have a copy of PGP signed a)
saved from the original post made by Hugh Miller
 and this is what I show to people who ask.
(copy of the bank details from Hugh's post pasted below as [1]
original PGP signed post by Hugh by email).
Geoffrey Kidd  has the details from
Hugh's post in his Phil Z Blood Bank which he posts to
alt.security.pgp periodically, the idea being that enough folks give
money to the Phil Z legal defense fund on a regular small donation
basis, if enough people did this he could be supported indefinately.
What I would like to know is why neither of these [a) or b)], and
especially why a) has not been mentioned on any of the widely
advertised yellow ribbon campaign pages... is it for Phil Z ... or is
it for Phil Z with the provision that you start a FV account something
which not everyone who wants to contribute to Phil Z is likely to want
to be bothered doing.
No slur on FV, just it adds unnecesary complications to donations,
through what now must be _the_ most widely publisized USENET based
effort to raise funds for Phil.
    To send a check or money order by mail, make it payable, NOT to Phil
Zimmermann, but to "Philip L. Dubois, Attorney Trust Account."  Mail the
check or money order to the following address:
    Philip Dubois
    2305 Broadway
    Boulder, CO USA 80304
    (Phone  303-444-3885)
    To send a wire transfer, your bank will need the following
    Bank: VectraBank
    Routing  107004365
    Account  0113830
    Account Name: "Philip L. Dubois, Attorney Trust Account"
    Now here's the neat bit.  You can make a donation to the PZDF by
Internet mail on your VISA or MasterCard.  Worried about snoopers
intercepting your e-mail?  Don't worry -- use PGP.
    Simply compose a message in plain ASCII text giving the following:
the recipient ("Philip L. Dubois, Attorney Trust Account"); the bank
name of your VISA or MasterCard; the name which appears on it (yours,
hopefully :-)); a telephone number at which you can be reached in case
of problems; the card number; date of expiry; and, most important, the
amount you wish to donate.  (Make this last item as large as possible.)
Then use PGP to encrypt and ASCII-armor the message using Phil Dubois's
public key, enclosed below.  (You can also sign the message if you
like.)i  E-mail the output file to Phil Dubois (dubois at csm.org).
[this is a mistake Hugh made Dubois' address is dubois at csn.org as can
be easily verified from his PGP key, which is signed by Phil Z also]
Please be sure to use a "Subject:" line reading something like "Phil
Zimmermann Defense Fund" so he'll know to decrypt it right away.
    Here is Phil Dubois's public key:

@_date: 1995-07-19 11:32:29
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: bruteRC4, 40 bits all swept 
Well we have demonstrated that 40 bit RC4 can be brute forced in
around a weeks compute time.
(We've also learned a list of thinks to fix for the next attempt as no
key was forthcoming :-|, details on why not and what is being fixed to
ensure this doesn't happen with a future RC4-40 or with the coming
40+88 SSL brute forceing are given below)
The problems are logistic, human error, etc, from a compute time point
of view it *really* was a full sweep of a 40 bit keyspace.  And on
average you would expect to sweep in half this time.
The bulk of the work was done in under one weeks compute time, but
problems with people forgetting to acknowledge what they swept, meant
that 3 or 4 people swept the remaining key space over, which slowed
down this announce.
Here's the hall of fame, for bits/percentage swept per identifiable
contributer (this is tallied by acknowledgement, if you swept but did
not acknoweldge quickly enough or at all, that work won't show as the
last keyspace was re-swept to hurry things up.  The first
acknowledgement to be recieved counts, the rest get ignored).
bits/40   percent  contributer

@_date: 1995-07-25 12:37:47
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Regulatory Arbitrage - Free Speech Server 
The Free Speech Server
Alex de Joode has kindly hosted an exon(tm) free speech server on
is an automated double-speak translator.  It will translate between
text in goverment approved thought policed language back into free
So, the canonical example, a comlaint against Senator Exon (spit),
Exonized(tm) so that even the most zealous US government internet
thought police could not complain:

@_date: 1995-07-29 04:10:59
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Zimmerman legal fund 
Nathaniel Borenstein  writes on cpunks:
Not intending to infer otherwise (indeed I think I said this).
Okay so far so good.  Sounds good for Phil Z which sounds cool to me.
I dunno you know... sci.crypt, alt.security.pgp, alt.privacy,anon-server, etc, etc. are I think the most common people to be using the
yellow-ribbon sig, and hence the places they post to (mainly the same)
are likely to be the people who see, it and are hence likely to
The URL being used is  and nowhere
does it mention using PGP and CC   Most people who can't use PGP
aren't going to be interested I would have thought.  When I read the
URL I thought, hmm, okay, got fired up and thought I'd donate
something right then... but when it came to it, I had to sign up for a
fv account.  I cooled.  It has to be instant, for best effect.
If  is someone else (although you did say you
started the Yello Ribbon campaign), I guess the comments are directed
to them rather than you, as if your link is just "the FV method to
donate to the PZLDF", then fair enough.  Maybe I should try target at
the zldf at clark.net email.  (I think there is a human one if I remember
rightly.  Also note that this was _not_ an attack on FV, but rather a
plea to improve the amount of money the yellow ribbon campaign draws
for the PZLDF, by providing alternatives which will suit some people
better for a one-off, instant payment).
Okay, now separate issue, really talking about FV now.  For me, the
main thing holding me back from using it is that I'm not in the US,
and don't have a US bank account to open a FV seller acct.  (I would
have liked to use it as one of the few net payment systems actually up
and running, as a payment method for the RSA T-shirts, it would have
been a nice system, allowing me to effectively accept VISA payments
which I have otherwise been unable to do.)
Any news on this front?  Last I looked on your WWW page, you were
investigating this and payments in other currencies.  US$ would be
fine though, as long as it was possible for the seller to create a US
account, or have it paid to a non-US account (would it not be possible
to pay to non-US account?).
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-10-07 10:27:54
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: cypherpunks digicash bank? 
Re the attempts to get a practical DigiCash system moving with the
unofficial exchanges at the two exchanges:
plus people participating on the ecm mailing list
one of the major problems which crops up in discussion is that there
is no guaranteed future for the current issue of Digicash, ie it
relies on the digicash trial, and DigiCash's continuation in running
this server.
One solution would be for some one, a group of cypherpunks, or
individual cypherpunk, a startup company, to actually license the
technology from Chaum.  It has always puzzled me as to why Chaum
hadn't taken this approach himself.
- From what I've read in previous discussions, the price is $150k, plus
10% of profits.  Other than that what is required is presumably a
dealership in the major credit cards (VISA/mastercard, etc), a secure
WWW server (to allow on-line purchase of c$), or simply PGP signed,
encrypted emailed purchase instructions, and a good internet
connection.  Also some legal consultations to check if setting up such
a system - payee anonymous, would be ok in the US.  Or perhaps another
jurisdiction if this was a sticking point.  Work out anonymous
gateways to things like MSN electronic cheques later :-)
It strikes me that none of these things are insurmountable, and that
the resulting system could become very popular, as well as furthering
the cypherpunks cause - in the sense of having good cryptographic
system in place, which would hopefully attain wide use.
All that would be needed would be the internet connect (which some
folks have already?), VISA/mastercard (same folks might have already?)
$200k ($50k to honour existing digicash currency, at 5c$ to 100 US$ +
$150k for license), a well secured host, and lots of work.  Start
small, that's my moto, no need to go investing more than that until
the things started, and bringing money.  As, and if, it brings in
money, use that to buy better net connect, server hardware, etc.
I'd have thought the way to do it would be for the bank to link the
currency directly to a physical currency, US$ say, and to keep the
interest on the c$ currency in circulation, as profits.  Maybe not the
way to make the most money, but then that's the advantage the civilian
sector has over big banks :-) 100% real-currency backed, so that it
would be impossible to have a run on the bank.  Also a nice way to run
it, as there are no apparent charges for using the cash, or licensing
clients (aka you hand out clients willy nilly for free, like the
netscape model which seems to work so well).
I'm serious, and would want to invest in it.
So what say?  1st digicash bank, *run*, and owned by a group of

@_date: 1995-10-08 07:53:22
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: cypherpunks digicash bank? 
Doug Barnes  writes on cpunks:
Yeah, I read that when it was first posted, a very interesting
approach.  And possibly a way to get around both regulations and
Chaum's patents.  It is a more anarchistic, less offical approach, not
that I disagree with anarchistic approaches, or blowing off patents :-)
Just I got to thinking well what's $150k?  Not much perhaps if looked
at in the right way, a pittance compared to the kind of money the
likes of netscape are playing with.  And it buys some acceptability,
people do not need to obtain their anonymity after the fact, and
everyone uses the anonymous feature, rather than just cypherpunks
types.  I was thinking that the $150k might make all the difference to
the success of such a project, due to the privacy built-in as
you are right.
Now this is the fatally weak point in my discussion, the political and
legal impliciations.  My only comment was to get legal opinion, and to
move the bank outside the US if this proved a problem.
I suspect the state banking regulators, and the IRS, would stomp on
the idea because they won't like the anonymity aspect, they would have
particular ease in doing this, particularly to a small group.
Even an identity agnostic bank (whoops must loose that 'bank' term
... 'agnostic payment system' perhaps:-) would have similar problems,
but at a later stage.  Aka you get your system nicely set up, have
some dastardly cypherpunks implement a way to hack your bank to get
anonymous payments (a complete suprise to yourself of course!).  Now
the regulators notice, and presumably make you change your bank code
to disable this possibility?
I will read with interest.
Three basic approaches I see:
1. go by the book, license the blinding stuff from Chaum, perhaps
agree to limits of $10k on individual transactions as in cash (that is
the limit in the US where you have to report cash transactions I
2. forget Chaum's patents with an agnostic server.  Problem is here
that it only provides anonymity for those happy to bend the rules, and
get 'blackmarket' cypherpunks technology which plugs and plays with
the bank.  Long term, this would be open to pressure from the banking
authorities, the IRS etc they would come and force you to do something
to close the loop hole.
3. Completely underground, anon remailers, decentralised cashing.
The problem as I see it is with options 2, and especially 3. you'd
have a job to get widespread acceptance, and adoption of blinded cash
as a payment system.
My previous post was based on 1.  The problems are still political and
legal, but less than with 3, and with anonymity for everyone as stated
aim, and hence not as readily removable by regularatory coercion of
the bank afterwards, leaving you with yet another non-anonymous
scheme.  My thought is that if you offered to restrict it to $10k
individual transactions (I know it sucks) then the similarity with
current physical cash is close, and there is little to complain about.
If it is payee anonymous only (you've got to start somewhere), there
is little opportunity for abuse of the type Freeh and co scream of,
paying hit men etc, as the hitman has to cash his money sometime, and
if it's unusually large, etc, it is the exact same situation as
ordinary cash.
They won't like it of course.  If it's too unpopular you could try say
Switzerland?  Some other banking haven?
What are your estimates of the paletability of the above to banking
regulator types?
The stuff about two versions of 100$ bills one for outside and one
inside the US a while back does not bode well for ecash payments with
*any* anonymity, but I think the above would be demonstrably hard to
use for nefarious purposes, and hard to go completely unaccountable.
(Modulo the proto coin tricks, and hijacked cash clients to force
others to do your cashing).
I reckon the recipient anonymity stuff, can be added after the fact by
people offering cashing services, cash is fluid, once you've got a
system set up.  Duncan Frissell had a nice sig to the effect of it
being hard to keep track of millions of private IP connected people,
all doing added services, such as providing anonymity.  At any event
the above system would be much preferable to the current offerings of
electronic cheques, electronic CC payments, and the lame ones which
claim privacy, but when examined turn out to be just private to the
extent that you trust a commercial bank to respect your privacy!
You've got to start somewhere, if this worked you could try for stage
2 later, fully anonymous, but at the moment there is *nothing*, and
there is surely a crying need for a decent ecash payment system.
 -s-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RSA-3-lines-PERL
$m=unpack(H.$w,$m."\0"x$w),$_=`echo "16do$w 2+4Oi0$d*-^1[d2%Sa
pack('H*',$_)while read(STDIN,$m,($w=2*$d-1+length($n)&~1)/2)

@_date: 1995-10-08 10:22:42
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: cypherpunks digicash bank? 
Douglas Barnes  writes on cypherpunks:
So it's intended for avoiding patent issues only?
But the identity agnostic idea, and the idea of using software not
officially supplied by the bank does not sound like something that
would be easy to convince a bank, or other financial institution of?
I mean the agnostic server idea is that the user must obtain patent
infringing software in order to gain anonymity, or else the user
individually obtain on a case by case basis a license from Chaum.  A
similar mess to the early problem with PGP, back in the days when RSA
contended that PGP was a patent infringement, and the other side of
the story was that it was the users responsibility to get a license
from RSA.
As early versions of PGP demonstrated individuals can get away with
this kind of thing, but it doesn't help commercial uptake of the
software.  You need commercial uptake, as a lot of the shops will be
commercial service providers, plus value added information or product
providers.  What I'm saying is that whilst technically the server need
do nothing infringing, without the infringing client software it
provides nothing new over existing systems, and that the stigma of
illegality, might adversely affect the acceptability of the whole
scheme to a bank.
Ie if you really wanted to sell the system to a bank, you'd presumably
stand a better chance if you removed the potential for blinded
signatures altogether.
Tim is right, patents most definitely retard advancement of technology.
So you think with the $10k limit, they might even be happy with a
system such as I just described?  (note: I did not imply anonymous
accounts, only payer anonymity, basically exactly what Chaum has in
his trial system right now).
I had not realised they were concerned over such things.  How does
this fit in with the separate 100$ bill for domestic and foreign use?
It was previously my suspicion, that 100$ bills were first, and that
soon they would be trying to outlaw cash altogether!
Perhaps I am too cynical, and I am glad to hear it.
(Anyone know if anything ever come of this creation of a foreign issue
of 100$ bills which had to be exchanged at customs in entry and exit,
each being legal tender only when used in the correct jurisdiction?)
I was talking of doing it by the book, patent licenses, appropriate
banking licenses, banking regulatory approval.  Your description of
the banking regulatory bodies likely stance on transferring small
amounts anonymously was more favourable than I envisaged.
The garage-type operation: I was having problems convincing myself
that any bank could be persuaded to do it.  Hence I thought, well the
civilian sector would have to do it.  It doesn't have to be
amateurish, just has to be run by people who have an interest in
privacy, cypherpunks aren't excluded from doing things professionally,
and in fact have a vested interest in seeing it succeed even.  You
can't expect big banks, governments or corporate types to deliver
privacy on a plate, it is counter to their interests - they like
nicely indexed, cataloged user profiles, as they are saleable items.
Accurate user demographics is big business.
The closest that I've seen to a bank offering any semblance of
anonymity is Mondex, and it's a crock as far as privacy goes IMO, as
as far as I understand the card knows everything, and there is
*nothing* stopping the bank downloading *all* of that information next
time you plug the card in.  That's the kind of anonymity I was growing
used to seeing banks offer.  Also the fact that it relies purely on
the tamper resistance of the card isn't very inspiring, no
cryptographic protocols, just a counter buried in a tamper proof card.
That was not the immediate concern, only payer anonymity.  I thought
this would be too much to expect to get away with.  Your comments
backup that belief.
Licensing fees for what?  I lack details, and insight into the
background of financial dealings (as you might have noticed:-), but my
outburst was prompted by impatience with the take up of DigiCash, or
any half decent alternative.  Blind signature technology has been
around for a long time now, and there is not one on-line instance of a
practical real world use of this technology.
So what problems remain to be solved with a system which has the
following characteristics:
1) either agnostic (to save $150k + 10% profits) or coughing up the
   $150k for Chaums patents - I'm not fussy, only concern for me is
   implications on uptake as described above
2) no anonymous accounts
3) payer anonymous
4) on-line, normal banking style records kept of money paid in
5) 100% real currency backed
6) profits by keeping interest on backed currency, possibly small % on
   cashing to pass on VISA costs, etc if necessary
Would US banking regulations in your opinion have a problem with this?
If $150k is the real sticking point then I'm surprised, I mean ok,
it's some money, perhaps the 10% cut of profits Chaum requires is more
of a concern.  But surely this would win as a privacy preserving
internet payment system for convenience, on-line instant payment.
With the kind of money investors seem to be willing to back netscape
with and the unexpectedly high level of interest in their commerce
servers, even Chaum's $150k seems like small change.  There must be
more to it, what a $1M lawyers bill to sort out the technicalities,
and legal implications with regulators?
 -s-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RSA-3-lines-PERL
$m=unpack(H.$w,$m."\0"x$w),$_=`echo "16do$w 2+4Oi0$d*-^1[d2%Sa
pack('H*',$_)while read(STDIN,$m,($w=2*$d-1+length($n)&~1)/2)

@_date: 1995-10-08 11:54:05
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: (ecm) Chaum patent prices (was Re: cypherpunks digicash bank?) 
[Marcel just posted this in the ecm list, I'm taking the liberty of
doing a Rob Hettinga and acting as human gateway between lists, as the
posts this was in response to were posted to both lists. -Adam]
Forwarded from the ecm at ai.mit.edu (Electronic Cash Market) mailing list:
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Marcel van der Peijl I just want to make a quick comment on the prices that have been
floating around on this list ($150K +10%). No doubt this is what
David asked at some point to some individual but it is NOT the
'list price' -- there is no such thing as a list price. It all
depends on the application, business potential etc.
The up-front patent price should never be an obstacle for setting up
business. If you wanna do serious business, I suggest to give David
Chaum a call, or call Dan Eldridge. Phone numbers and email addresses
can be found on our web pages. You might be surprised.
And may I remind you that the patent price that is quoted is just
a tiny drop in the bucket compared to the kind of money spent on
marketing budgets for systems like Mondex!!! You are really talking
about a non-issue here, IMHO.
Marcel van der Peijl
DigiCash bv

@_date: 1995-10-08 13:19:04
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Chaum patent prices 
Tim wrote in his (to me) spot on article (cypherpunks list) about
patents wrecking technolgical progress, and hindering all important
experimentation, and exploration of technology:
from Marcel's post:
  			      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
ie laying your plans out up front, plans which don't exist!  Business
potential is not predictable, even obtaining appropriate status, and
banking licenses would presumably be doubtful unless a concerted,
organised effort were put together.  Requiring business plans rules
out experimenting.  The freeware mosaic browsers growth while being
developed by academia, and the WWW in general seems to be a model
which works rather well for the internet, if the netscape success
story is anything to go by.  Internet payment is rather harder to set up as a small experimental
operation due to the legal and political implications, but a *real*
example by Digicash would be nice.  As in: if no licensing banks for
digicash can be found, perhaps it would be a good approach for
digicash to do it themselves, and support an offical exchange
mechanism, if such a mechanism took off, banks might be interested to
buy into an existing client base.
On the $150k + 10% figures, my apologies, I picked them up from
earlier posts on ecm I think, and had assumed incorrectly that this
was a fixed price.
I am tempted to say: "how about free for a good cause :-)"
And it might (theoretically) be nice as an analogue of the
relationship between PGP and RSA with PGPs current free non-commercial
use license from RSA, that seems to have helped RSA quite a lot.  RSA
are fond of quoting statistics about the world wide usage of their
algorithms, one rather suspects that PGP is included and a major
contributer to their figures :-)
However, being realistic, I expect the answer to be no.  I can
understand this, but IMO it is still not a good situation from the
point of view of advancing technology.
My point however, is lets see a digicash payment system with a real
exchange and soon!  I don't care who does it so long as it gets done!
True enough.  The 10% is likely more of a sticking point tho, but as
you say this is all negotiable.  But hey, I don't have a high powered
business plan, I'm just a little cypherpunk be-moaning the fact that
there are no digicash licensing banks which I can use to take
advantage of Chaum's privacy technology, and instant on-line buying.
Just think how much hassle could be saved when buying the perl rsa
T-shirts even (no, I promise no more shirts arguments, I'm talking of
payment!), all the foreign cheques, the hugely exhorbitant charges
banks charge for writing small value foreign currency cheques, the
risks (and dubious technical legality in some places) of posting paper
cash in the mail, and the odd postal order which the bank would like
to charge more than the face value to cash (I kid you not, I asked a
few people to send different payment forms).
"Click here to buy" would be infinitely better.
The market is impatient, and inferiour, non-privacy preserving payment
forms are in danger of soon becoming entrenched as standard internet
payment methods.
Digicash has or soon will have MSN money systems to compete with.
Digicash now!
 -s-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RSA-3-lines-PERL
$m=unpack(H.$w,$m."\0"x$w),$_=`echo "16do$w 2+4Oi0$d*-^1[d2%Sa
pack('H*',$_)while read(STDIN,$m,($w=2*$d-1+length($n)&~1)/2)

@_date: 1995-10-09 15:42:04
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Certificate proposal 
I have been following this MITM argument, and find the reasons for
the presentation of some of the arguments confusing.
I'm near certain everyone of those arguing understands public key, and
the use of out of band channels (physical meeting, paper mail,
alternate information provider, plastering public key hashes (eg PGP
fingerprints) everywhere by all comms mediums available, etc) to build
a web of trust, and hence reduce chances of a MITM.
I think I have seen two roughly equivalent views of the relationships
between keys and names presented, and these could be sumarised:
a) a person has-a key
 ("has-a" in an entity relationship diagram sense -- it is somthing
  that a person posses), that person may or may not choose to go by
  their true name, whilst using that key)
a) a key has attributes one of which could (optionally) be a true name
both cases use the same techniques of using all available out of band
comms channels, to make life as tough as possible for the MITM.
So far so good.
Now the puzzling stuff is people who appear to be arguing that MITM is
unimportant, and the whole thing revolves around some relativistic
world view, and it somehow doesn't matter if there is an eavesdropper
so long as you have not yet discovered this.
As it quite clearly does matter, and I can't see how that view
provides anything useful, I assume that there is some theoretical
point these people are trying to make which I fail to grasp.
Anyone care to fill me in as to what this concept is?
Perhaps the view is based on the fact that there are plenty of
situations where you don't care what an entities name is, and hence
the attribute which should be under discussion is credit worthiness,
or reliability, but still you need to protect against MITM, using
whatever channels and means available.  I don't see how this alters
the argument.

@_date: 1995-10-10 08:01:36
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Certificate proposal 
You could take out a personal ad in a newspaper and print this:
(Pr0duct Cypher's key fingerprint).
That would mean that you could at least help Pr0duct Cypher determine
if there was a man in the middle.  If there was a MITM, once Pr0duct
was aware of this, P.C. could make efforts to change service provider,
or find novel entry points into public internet forums, and different
entry points in to the remailer net.
For the other direction, as a nym, if newspapers accepted anonymous
personal ads, an ad posted from a large city postal mail to the
newspaper, would be a reasonable assurance that the identity of the
person would be unkown.  Or you could try paper mailing some one your
instructions with cash to pay for the advert.  It is likely that a
randomly picked cypherpunk would do this for a nym.
You could even take out two simultaneous ads in two independent
newspapers which were secret split in two with XOR and a random
number, if you were really paranoid.
Now the MITM is reduced to denial of service attacks, by posting
similar keys, and saying "no that nym is an imposter I'm the real nym".
Denial of service is preferable to a MITM.

@_date: 1995-10-16 03:56:12
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Four Horsemen (was Re: PA Remailer Concerns) 
You sure about the faq, grepping reveals:
    8.3.4. "How will privacy and anonymity be attacked?"
           - like so many other "computer hacker" items, as a tool for
              the "Four Horsemen": drug-dealers, money-launderers,
              terrorists, and pedophiles.
   17.5.7. "What limits on the Net are being proposed?"
           + Newspapers are complaining about the Four Horsemen of the
              Infocalypse:
             - terrorists, pedophiles, drug dealers, and money
                launderers
ie the idea that hysterical media demonization is used as a tool to
justify the net, a witch hunt.  A tatic in general: if you can make
something look bad in the eyes of the world, if you can sway public
opinion, you can do what you wish, and be applauded for it.  So, the
spread of untrue, or greatly exaggerated stories, as a conscious ploy
to obtain this effect.  Popular tatic of Freeh at the moment.  "Oh
gosh people can get *bomb* making information on the internet, we must
put a stop to this".
How to get what you want in 4 easy stages:
1. Have a target "thing" you wish to stop, yet lack any moral, or
practical reasons for doing so?
2. Pick a fear common to lots of people, something that will evoke a
gut reaction: terrorists, pedophiles, serial killers.
3. Scream loudly to the media that "thing" is being used by
perpetrators.  (Don't worry if this is true, or common to all other
things, or less common with "thing" than with other long established
systems - payphones, paper mail, private hotel rooms, lack of bugs in
all houses etc)
4. Say that the only way to stop perpetrators is to close down
"thing", or to regulate it to death, or to have laws forcing en-mass
tapability of all private communications on "thing".  Don't worry if
communicating on "thing" is a constitutionally protected right, if you
have done a good job in choosing and publicising the horsemen in 2, no
one will notice, they will be too busy clamouring for you to save them
from the supposed evils.

@_date: 1995-10-23 06:05:32
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: crypto export from the UK 
I thought they were markedly different!
I always understood there were NO restrictions on crypto export,
import or use to western countries.  There used to be COCOM agreements
which said that you should get approval to send commercially produced
crypto to some blacklisted countries (Iraq, etc).  I also read that
the COCOM restrictions did not claim to apply to free software.
Anyway, I read that the COCOM agreement has expired, so none of this
applies anymore, even.
There are a number of surveys around, and the above is my
understanding from reading those.
If you have any thing else I should be reading I'd like to see it.
I also have heard this.
I think he would be safe emailing it, putting it on the WWW, or
posting it to USENET.  There are no selective access restrictions on
*any* crypto ftp/http sites that I know of in the UK (like various
ones in the US which make a sho of enforcing the export restriction by
not allowing export to non-US domain names.)

@_date: 1995-10-24 05:11:24
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: crypto export from the UK 
[Paul: cc'd you about legal question about who it is that "exports"
the person downloading or the person with the server, you made a
comment on this a short while ago in one of the crypto groups (below)]
Jon Baber  writes in cypherpunks:
Hadn't seen the blacklist.  USSR now has it's own blanket crypto ban,
a translation of the Russian text of the presidential decree was
posted by someone a while back.
Sorry, that one was I think got from reading USENET, or at least I no
longer recall where I read it, so I can't vouch for the accuracy of
that.  (I should have disclaimed that).  Perhaps someone else knows
enough to refute, or validate that.
But I was reading about the COCOM restrictions this morning on
Bert-Jaap Koops crypto law survey page:
and it says this about COCOM:
This phrase, if accurate, says it all:
I'm not sure if it's unofficial policy or law.  One place I remember
reading this was in one of the crypto groups, Paul Leyland expressed
this view in a recent post to one of the crypto groups.  This was to
do with potential "export" from ftp.ox.ac.uk, which he has something
to do with, and which contains copies of PGP (as well as nautilus,
pgpfone, various encrypting file systems, etc).
Here's my list of relevant sites, with info on EU crypto laws:
I have been trying to maintain a list of them on:
for political background for the munitions T-shirt, in the hope that
some people who browse it will read it and come away more aware than
they were before.  The main thing which worries me at the moment is
the implications of the eu-clipper: the secret service agencies of EU
countries have been plotting this for a while now, and probably have a
clipper like attempt on their agenda.  Ross Anderson reported that
there had been a secret meeting of secret service organisations
earlier this year, to discuss Ross Anderson  wrote (forwarded by somebody, but
originally in one or more of the crypto groups):
[the elided text indicated that the conference referred to was "the
Cryptography Policy and Algorithms Conference, Queensland University
of Technology"]
This comment was some time before the latest EU-clipper goings on were

@_date: 1995-09-07 12:42:21
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: GAK Hacks 
Tim May  writes on cpunks:
I was just drooling over the fun to be had if and when this crap goes
through.  Surely a very fun thing to do.  A new legit hobby for all
those games crackers out there.  (Hmm maybe not so legit, micro$oft
has non- reverse engineering clauses on their stuff, but that doesn't
stop anyone, and there's always remailers).
One of their requirements was resistance to static patches, as someone
else pointed out that is just not possible in software, if some gets
really bored they can at worst disassemble the entire thing, and
re-write it from scratch without any silly GAK stuff, or with a row of
00s where the escrowed key goes.
So the question is what do you prefer: 40 bits only or 64 bits which
can be broken?  Is it worth sabotaging what is essentially an
impossible task open to having the GAK element hacked out?  It would
be much more fun if they'd agree to no limits on key sizes, and GAK.
What happens if the result of the talks which Pat Farrell kindly
described is that it is impossible?  What is their next move?  We've
had "voluntary" hard-ware key-escrow, and it got chucked out by
widespread derision of the idea, now the same in software.  Which
direction does the next phased attack come from?

@_date: 1995-09-10 15:52:51
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: not a flame please read and think about this 
Fair enough, try these...
Shame it got patented, one more patent.  Patents are a mess, ick!
I was kind of wandering if it would be necessary to patent something
just to ensure someone else did patent *your* idea, if you came up
with one.
Or can you publish, and then say that's prior art, so no one else can
go patent your idea.
Otherwise it would be kind of cool for cpunks to be holding a few
patents themselves, allowing free use, just to stop some "hmm lets see
what we can patent this week", and "lets patent their work cos they
haven't yet" types stealing stuff, and disabling a whole section of
Chaum's got lots of nice technology, but his patenting and $150k price
tag might not be doing him favours.  Unless he really does manage to
pull some big banks or something.  I reckon the netscape model is a
good one, give stuff away to the educational lot, sell things cheap,
have free demo versions, get the standard first before charging a
Guess he knows what he's doing tho.  I hope so for the sake of the
future of anon ecash.  Be a shame if some of these lame things which
claim to be ecash but are really checks with full audit logs, or
credit card transactions in disguise become the defacto standard.
Problem is no one stands much of a chance unless a radically new
method of ecash can be had, he has his patents cover blind sigs?  I
guess they don't cover blind sigs in general because Brands has
applied for patents on his improved blinding techniques.
That interpretation was argued.  But it's interesting anyway, if a
MKCS is equivalent to a PK, and PKs are computationally expensive, and
clipper chips are cheap, well hey maybe that's what it does mean, and
they wouldn't want to have a weak backdoor in the sense of a weak
algorithm, as it may come to light some day, similarly eventually the
thing would surely get reverse-engineered, they wouldn't want to be
caught out, I'd have thought.  They don't need that for a backdoor,
they've already got the front door - a copy of all the keys.
I found it real informative to have a first hand report of what was
going on.  I don't see anything wrong with going along to the meeting
just to throw your spanner in the works, sounds like the govt types
didn't have an easy time of it.
They're clearly asking for things which are unacceptable to industry,
and cpunks alike.
A lot of the stuff Pat wrote up about the NIST meeting sounded like
the majority of the attenders were trying to convert a government
request for GAK into a CKE discussion.  Would be a cool switch.
Well you did ask :-)
Not sure that there was a motive attached (I could be wrong?), seemed
like a provoking question to me.  Got some interesting replies.
I always kind of like to hear what ex-NSA types are reported as
saying, it's quite fun because you never know if they are still on the
payroll and feeding you a story for ulterior motives, or if they are
making a statement which they think is to their advantage to scare
you, or if they really are ex-NSA and are just saying what they can,
being helpful, without getting in hot water with the secrecy stuff
they have to agree to.
Designs CKE, CKE is fine by me, it's voluntary, and just the software
equivalent of having a spare key for your own use.
GAK is the evil one.
Let's tackle one thing at a time ok?
Lots of folks would agree patents are bad news, at least the state of
them in the US with idiots patenting XORed cursors, etc.
Clost to unanimous on GAK being evil incarnate.
Copyrights, well GPL, ILF, RMS says programs should be free.
Indeed long term copyrights look like endangered species, if crypto
anarchy has it's say.
But it's a tricky one because a lot of people make their money writing
applications, and they don't want to vote themselves out of a job.
If crypto anarchy long term proves copyrights to be outmoded, well
the market will change.
Wouldn't be much to go around if all the contributers got a share,
there were lots of contributers.  He's the one taking the rap anyway,
and the guy who made it all possible.
Cpunks write code, so lets do it!
And lobby, and analyse govt polices, and educate about crypto, and
attend govt run white-washes (NIST etc) to register their protest.
Nah.  Crypto anarchy and all that, it's an anarchy, you ain't going to
find 2 cpunks with exact identical view points on all topics.  Most of
the people you complained of to my understanding have done a lot of
work for the cpunk causes, as well as their implied copyright/patent
Sounds cool to me.
So whats the plan of action?  People have different ideas, but they're
all fighting for the same cause.  Down with GAK, being the  target
at the moment.  Privacy from governments, scaling down of hugely
bloated governments, malign cancerous growths that they are becoming
these days, freedom is what it's all about.

@_date: 1995-09-12 01:05:41
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: anyone got a cpunk URL for the UK munitions T? 
On the subject of the UK printing of the muntions T-shirt, I've got a
problem, I would like to put a URL for how to obtain the T-shirts, and
cypherpunk political material, anti ITAR, clipper etc, bu yet I can't
very well put my URL:
because that may possibly move within a year, maybe sooner, and
T-shirts are so permanent :-(
It seems like too good an opportunity to miss, as some people may get
the thing nice publicity, and interest in the cypherpunks take on
encryption, so it would be ideal to have an on-line reference on the
So what I was thinking is it would be nice if someone with a permanent
URL, could put a pointer to my URL, that could be updated later, as my
URL moves?
A cypherpunks page which has been and will be around for a *long time*
with lots of info or pointers to info on ITAR, the evils of key escrow
etc would be ideal.
I don't need the WWW space for the actual info as such, just a pointer
which can point to where-ever it is my URL moves to, and as most
cpunks URLs seem to be in the US, it wouldn't be a v good idea to put
my content on a US server anyway (arguably).
Any offers?
Also now I'm here, there were a few people on the list who ordered
shirts from me, and the progress has been slow, if you want to see the
reasons, and up-to-date state of progress, take a look at:
I need to decide soon as to what URL to print, I was otherwise
thinking of removing the URL, as my sys admin made some strange
cryptic comment about me not having my URL after a while anyway (when
I finish the course, pointed comment? who knows), and I thought it
might not go down to well if I printed my URL on the T-shirt, at least
if it's an indirect pointer I have the option to get alternate WWW
I have decided to switch printers as the last guy seems to have
vanished, no answers to messages on answer phone for > 1 week, and
some shirt printers (like the new one I've chosen) offer to the whole
job in a week, and people are getting impatient for their shirts.  So
I ideally need a commitment of a URL so that I can modify the design &
send of to this new printers tonight.
The main criteria, apart from a nice selection of links (I've got ITAR
and cpunk links allready anyway) is that the URL pointing at my roving
URL is going to stay there for a few years, at least.

@_date: 1995-09-12 10:33:50
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Returned mail: User unknown 
[whoops mispelled cpunks on cc line 1st time, sorry for 2 copies]
Yeah, that's what stealth does, removes the boiler plate stuff saying,
various things, such as pgp version number, rsa encrypted message,
conventional idea block, and as Perry says, it's all in pgformat.doc
in the PGP docs directory.
I reckon it would be a very nice utility, built into pgp as an
*option*, some countries it isn't legal to use PGP, and it hasn't been
ruled out that the US may not be the next to join the list, all this
GAK stuff, son of Clipper, it is a distinct possibility that the law
enforcement lot might outlaw other crypto wiht mandatory GAK.  Then
stealth features for PGP become important for incorporating into
stego, of course you can argue that well stealth should be part of the
stego app then.  It shouldn't be a problem unless it was enforced, as
an option I see no problem with it, and lots of possible future
advantages even.
I'm trying to work on stealth2.1, modifing Henry Hastur's stealth util
to added Hal Finney's algorithm for improving the stealthiness (it's
not enough to just strip the headers as stealth1.x does, the fact that
the RSA encrypted header is always < N, the rsa modulus gives the game
away with a few messages to analyse for statistical purposes, ie if
you see a lot messages < N, where N is by definition not an even power
of 2, and possibly even N is known, or suspected from keyservers).
I've been delaying releasing it because I was worrying about ran no
generators being good enough, but I think I might have convinced
myself that it is not even necessary to use ran no generators, I'd
appreciate it if some folks with a bit of crypto expertise could cast
their eye over the description below.
Yeah, but you wouldn't do it that way.  I reckon this is what you'd do:
% pgp -es duress
% pgp -es msg
% stealth < msg.pgp > msg.stl
% cat msg.stl >> duress.pgp
% pgp +makerandom=1234 noise
% cat noise >> duress.pgp
% pgp -a duress.pgp
% mail someone < duress.asc
The pgp +makerandom=  is an undocumented feature of pgp >
2.6 (not sure exactly when it got added, Colin Plumb pointed it out
when I asked him about ran nos for stealth).
So what this means is that you are using PGP it's self to hide a
stegoed message.  This would be good for the guy from FACTnet
(forgotten his name) who just got hit by the CoS, he could hold out
for a while, then give up his key, the duress message would appear,
and the real message would be explained by having a script to do this
on his HD, and having long since burned the disk with a script to do
the above on it:
% pgp -es msg
% pgp +makerandom=4567 noise
% cat noise >> msg.pgp
% pgp -a msg.pgp
% mail someone < msg.asc
ie the idea is that you pad your message to a fixed size for the
express purpose of hampering traffic analysis (of the type of my,
Alice did have a lot to say to Bob that day).  It would be even better
cover if the thing had gotten sent through a remailer, as this kind of
thing is expected of type I remailer traffic (before mixmaster which
does the packetizing for you).
So the duress message really looks like this:
the IDEA block has a length field, but you can increase the length
without damage to include the following stealthed stuff as the
underlying stuff which is IDEA encrypted will know it's length on
decryption, and the following junk will just be discarded.
So, Alice and her secret key ring (encrypted) gets nabbed by the
Charlie (CoS?), and coerced into divuling her passphrase.
And if and when it is noticed that the message was longer than it
ought to be (CoS that smart? substitute the NSA and they'd notice for
sure), Alice explains away the junk on the end by pointing them to the
fact that all of her messages where exactly (say) 16k long, and that
she was using a the noise only script, and that the message really is
Now we come to arguments about why you might want this built-in to
PGP.  Well it provides plausible deniablity as you have no extra
software which might look incriminating unless you managed to dispose
of it first, if it comes as stock.
Also the 2nd reason for built-in at least for stealth is if it needs
good random number source, but as I said, I'm not sure it needs a
random no generator.  So comments please, this has been around a few
times already, but here's the algorithm for manipulating x which is
the RSA encrypted component of the header of an RSA+IDEA encrytped PGP
(this is a description of my implementation of Hal's algorithm as
described on his www page: consider random no x, RSA modulus N
(that used to say 0 <= x < N, but 0, and 1 being RSA fixed points, 0,
1, and N won't be generated by PGP presumably?  I think this shouldn't
matter as the keyspace of N is so large that the probability of a 0 or
a 1 specifically is nothing to worry about I think.)
Hal's algorithm was to convert x to being in the range:
where lim which is the next power of 2 above N * 2^surety, and surety
is 64, 64 seems big enough?
The recover operation is:
and the create operation is:
1) scale = int( (lim-1) / N ) + 1
2) scale2 = 2^int( log2( scale ) + 1) 3) r = MD5( 0, x ) 4) r = MD5( r, rand() )
5) r = r mod scale2
6) if (r > scale) goto 4)
7) x' = N * r + x
8) if (x' > lim) goto 4)
an example, with small numbers, and surety set to 8, x = 7, and
manufactoring the ran nos manually:
lim = 2^( int( log2(N) + 1 ) + surety )
    = 2^( 4 + 8 ) = 4096
1) scale = int( 4096 / 13 ) + 1 = 316
2) scale2 = 2^( int( log2( scale ) ) +1 ) = 2^(8 + 1) = 512
3) say MD5( x ) = 0x00000000000000000000000000001234
4) say MD5( x, rand ) = 0x00000000000000000000000000001235 = 4661 (base 10)
5) r = 4661 mod scale2 = 4661 % 512 = 53
6) if ( 53 > 315 ) - it's not
7) x' = N * r + x = 13 * 53 + 7 = 696
8) if (696 > 4096) - it's not)
so x' = 696
x = x' mod N = 696 mod 13 = 7
when 6) is true, ie r > scale which will happen half the time on avg
with the first ran no, and so on like a coin flip, the chances of many
coins flipping the wrong way diminishes rapidly with number of flips.
when 8) is true, ie x' > lim, x' can only be > than lim when x = N - 1, and given that x = N - 1, the probability is less of x being in but this will only occur with probability:
       1         1
    -------- < -----
    2^surety   scale
I think.  So you'd have to collect one mess of messages to even catch
one sample, let alone enough messages to have a statistical proof of
steganography being present.
Pls check the maths a bit, the above describes the software
implementation of Hal's algorithm which he has on-line, on his page:
But the main question I'd like to get verification on is if it is safe
to use the MD5 of the RSA encrypted message to perform the operation.
I'm essentially doing:
where f(y) is a function which converts from range 0 <= y < 2^128 to a
range 0 <= f(y) < scale.
Is that safe?
x is random, and will be different even for a repeat encryption of the
same file, as PGP is using a random IDEA session key.
So are there any brute force attacks on that which would be cheaper
than attacking 128 bit IDEA?  PGP's random number generator also makes
extensive use of MD5, so I'm taking the use of MD5 as secure as a
If it is thought to be dangerous for some reason (it is after all some
kind of signature on it's self, presume that you know N, and x' but
not x, the question is can the equation be brute force reversed in a
less than 128 bit brute force attack.  I'm neglecting to consider the
rand() calls, which I'm not expecting to add security, but are just a
mechanism to stir the value with to get more random nos, as
occasionally the alogrithm needs more than one, if the first fails,
If people reckon it's insecure, then it would be ideal to include the
stealth functionality into PGP, so that integral use of PGPs ran no
routines can be made.  I was previously using an MD5 digest of PGPs
randseed.bin for this, but you can't stir it (well you could but that
would considered a security risk diddling with PGPs files), and not
stirring means you have no improvement over the above, in the event
that that your system is captured with the known plaintext.  If you
stirred it there would be no proof of that being the message in the
file.  Even unstirred, if the N * f(MD5(x)) + x is no good, the
inclusion of a digest of the randseed.bin would be a big improvement.
It seems rather messy to have all of the keyboard sampling stuff, for
PGP keys duplicated for this.  Hope the x' = N * f(MD5(x)) + x
construct is secure as this will avoid the issue.

@_date: 1995-09-12 11:00:12
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: PGP duress code, and stego (was Re: PGP in UK - snooped unSTEALHed?) 
erm darn, I posted a huge post which should have the above subject,
but instead came out with the subject line:
Re: Returned mail: User unknown
due to typo, could someone replying please correct that, if following
up, I won't bother posting it again in respect of those who actually
pay for their mail feed per k.
It had a lot of questions which I'd really like people to look at,
skip back a few, and take a read, it's for the implementation of
stealth2, Henry Hasturs stealth util.

@_date: 1995-09-13 07:28:22
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Scientology tries to break PGP - and 
I agree, you can't rely on them using your doctored program, it must
be resilient to them having a copy of all of your software, and their
own fresh copies of software, and a backup of each copy before
starting, and still provide pluasible deniability.
Here's an idea to do just that, perhaps something which could be added
to a future PGP.
I reckon this is what you'd do:
% pgp -es duress
% pgp -es msg
% stealth < msg.pgp > msg.stl
% cat msg.stl >> duress.pgp
% pgp +makerandom=1234 noise
% cat noise >> duress.pgp
% pgp -a duress.pgp
% mail someone < duress.asc
The pgp +makerandom=  is an undocumented feature of pgp >
2.6 (not sure exactly when it got added, Colin Plumb pointed it out
when I asked him about ran nos for stealth).
So what this means is that you are using PGP it's self to hide a
stegoed message.  This would be good for the guy from FACTnet
(forgotten his name) who just got hit by the CoS, he could hold out
for a while, then give up his key, the duress message would appear,
and the real message would be explained by having a script to do this
on his HD, and having long since burned the disk with a script to do
the above on it:
% pgp -es msg
% pgp +makerandom=4567 noise
% cat noise >> msg.pgp
% pgp -a msg.pgp
% mail someone < msg.asc
ie the idea is that you pad your message to a fixed size for the
express purpose of hampering traffic analysis (of the type of my,
Alice did have a lot to say to Bob that day).  It would be even better
cover if the thing had gotten sent through a remailer, as this kind of
thing is expected of type I remailer traffic (before mixmaster which
does the packetizing for you).
So the duress message really looks like this:
the IDEA block has a length field, but you can increase the length
without damage to include the following stealthed stuff as the
underlying stuff which is IDEA encrypted will know it's length on
decryption, and the following junk will just be discarded.
So, Alice and her secret key ring (encrypted) gets nabbed by the
Charlie (CoS?), and coerced into divuling her passphrase.
And if and when it is noticed that the message was longer than it
ought to be (CoS that smart? substitute the NSA and they'd notice for
sure), Alice explains away the junk on the end by pointing them to the
fact that all of her messages where exactly (say) 16k long, and that
she was using a the noise only script, and that the message really is
Having this built-in to PGP provides plausible deniablity as you have
no extra software which might look incriminating unless you managed to
dispose of it first, if it comes as stock.  Even as a standalone it
would be feasible, but you'd need to be careful to hide the first
script, maybe on an encrypted drive or something.  This is not good
tho as you ideally want nothing left, just a standard pgp
implementation, and they have no way to prove anything, they can be
suspicious, but suspicion can't put you in jail, and if you say there
is no message, only random junk for padding purposes to foil traffic
analysis this would be plausible, especially if they really had
captured a whole load of 64k messages.
You really need to use stealth2 for that, as stealth1.x gives the game
away for determined attackers, but for stealth2, I need some
cryptographic opinions on whether this is secure:
N is RSA modulus, and converting that to a number x' in the range:
(ie the next power of 2 over N multiplied by 2^64)
and the transformation supplied by:
where f(y) is a function which converts from range 0 <= y < 2^128 to a
range 0 <= f(y) < scale.  Scale some constant defined in terms of N,
and n other randomisation.
Is that safe?
x is random, and will be different even for a repeat encryption of the
same file, as PGP is using a random IDEA session key.
So are there any brute force attacks on that which would be cheaper
than attacking 128 bit IDEA?  PGP's random number generator also makes
extensive use of MD5, so I'm taking the use of MD5 as secure as a
If it is thought to be dangerous for some reason (it is after all some
kind of signature on it's self, presume that you know N, and x' but
not x, the question is can the equation be brute force reversed in a
less than 128 bit brute force attack.  I'm neglecting to consider the
rand() calls, which I'm not expecting to add security, but are just a
mechanism to stir the value with to get more random nos, as
occasionally the alogrithm needs more than one, if the first fails,
The other approach, presuming that you can get to the data before they
can, is to use secure drive, and securely wipe (or physically destroy
- data on floppy) the encrypted key.  Then you can give your
passphrase without concern.  Could land you in trouble for destruction
of evidence or some such tho, so innocent, plausible deniability would
be better.

@_date: 1995-09-15 02:57:45
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Linking = Showing = Transferring? 
Another even more subtle problem is inline images, can you say that a
page with an inline image sourced from a foreign site must obey the
foreign jurisdiction.  I would assert this is so, because the web
surfer's *browser* imports the relevant parts of the page from
whatever locations (and jurisdictions) they are in, and displays them
as one page.
Take a look at:
which is the www space Lance kindly donated for the UK munitions-T.
The relevance to this discussion is that  is of course
in the US, whilst the inline graphic is in the UK for ITAR reasons,
the is of:
 -s-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RSA-3-lines-PERL
$m=unpack(H.$w,$m."\0"x$w),$_=`echo "16do$w 2+4Oi0$d*-^1[d2%Sa
So that the image is *imported* by the *viewer*, and not supplied by
  This means that people outside the US can also view the
page with out anyone breaking any laws, even though it appears to
contain (allegedly) ITAR contravening material.
Same would apply quite nicely to porn from the netherlands etc.
[as an aside, any one got info on how you go about converting gifs to
transparent gifs - I want the above to be transparent so that it still
works on other than a black background in case other people use it on
other backgrounds]

@_date: 1995-09-15 04:43:58
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Linking = Showing = Transferring? 
I wrote the page, Lance kindly provided www space which I set up, he's
seen it, and thought it funny even.  Sounds like you seriously think
this is a danger to Lance, something I hoped I avoided by using an
inline from outside the ITAR zone.
Weeell, I'm not so sure.  I mean the page says to view this page first
get this picture from here, this one from here, this text, format and
display.  It is not illegal to say *where* to get crypto, just illegal
to export it, right?  He hasn't exported it, just told the viewer
where to fetch it from.
I think this case is safer than the porn one, because the actual data
in this case is legal in both jurisdictions, it just must not be
transferred from jurisdiction US -> jurisdiction non-US, which it has
not been.
If it were something which where illegal in the US, hmm, lets say an
image of a slightly underage (underage under US definitions, not
dutch) dutch porn star, then having links to it might be argued as
incitement to view something which it would be illegal to view in the
US, something which is effectively illegal to import into the US.
I would agree with you were the information imported by way of an
inline image actually illegal in the US, as the person loading would
have no choice.  In such a case a disclaimer might be appropriate:
But what is there to disclaim with inline data which is itself legal
in both jurisdictions, and the only legal question being the transfer
of that data from US -> UK, which the protocol ensures does not
Browser in the US, text in US, crypto gif imported from UK, both legal.
Browser outside US, text in US, crypto gif imported from UK, both legal.
See a flaw in that?
Try that in France might be more interesting, where it really is
illegal to import crypto.
It's kind of theoretical, but an interesting argument... what happens
when this happens with porn, is perhaps a more tricky question, re
possible illegality of import from outside US, maybe in such cases you
should request the viewer to turn off autoload of images, so that they
must request them after reading the disclaimer text.  Or perhaps it
would be necessary to ensure that it never happens automatically
without the user clicking on a button certifying that they are not in
the US, the antithesis of MIT's I affirm I am a US citizen blah, blah,
that goes with getting PGP from their site (I didn't get it btw, I
just read the questions for my amusement).

@_date: 1995-09-16 03:27:07
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful 
There is likely some truth to the cypherpunk turning some people off
before they listen, but also as has already been said 'cypherpunks'
has it advantages too: catchy, gets the media imagination, and has an
established reputation, and set of accomplishmensts.
One thing I have been thinking would be nice would be a USENET
newsgroup, as mailing lists are a step away from easy access which
some people never make.  It makes it less easy to browse and see what
it's about, interacting with majordomo software might seem very
intuitive to most members, but not all will be so comfortable signing
up their mailbox (which they possibly pay for per K), and may indeed
lack the expertise required to do the job.  There are serveral
archives of cpunks, but these don't tend to be as well known as
newsgroups.  More people might come across cypherpunks ideas, and the
technology for remailers, disk encryptors, discussions of nym servers,
steganorgraphy, IPSEC, etc if they were in a newsgroup, perhaps even
within the comp, soc, or sci hierarchies.
One thing I have discovered in myself is a reluctance to subscribe to
too many mailing lists, as the volume, and management of the resulting
traffic piped your way can be overwelming (yes I know there are
various filters to split off traffic into separate mbox files).  I
think it is a shame that things like the nym server discussion which
sounded very interesting to me got split off into a separate group,
I'd just as soon see the discussion here, for reluctance to subscribe
to yet more groups reasons, and because it sounded like it wasn't very
high volume anyway.  Same for the stego group discussions.  If it's
all in one place at least I can skim that for interesting things.
Both of those discussions I think would contribute to the signal ratio
But, Peter's stated aims sound useful, of promulgating cypherpunks
technolgy, and ideas to as large an audience as possible.  Definately
a very important aim, and one that lots of people already devote some
time and thought to.  Might I suggest that a newsgroup would be a way
to go?  There are already a number of security, privacy, and crypto
related groups, but they tend to have their own pattern of flow, you
know penet.fi problems on alt.privacy.anon-server, alt.privacy (dunno
not read much), alt.security.pgp pgp usage, David Sterlight fueled
discussions, some ITAR stuff, talk.politics.crypto, crypto politics,
comp.org.eff.talk, there must be a few others.
Peter's FAQ like document was very nicely worded for avoidance of any
connotations of conspiracy or 'punkery' which might put off the less
adventurous souls, the more conservative.  How about it?
Reckon cypherpunks as a group has enough readers to hmm, push through
a vote for group creation, if the majority thought it was a useful
exercise.  A group soley for what?  cypherpunks technology, social
impacts and education, a place where someone would go with security
questions, and to learn about the future of personal and corporate
security on the net.  If a few people frequented it, with the sort of
diligence that a number of people spend time contributing to the
alt.security.pgp group, and a useful set of pointers, and FAQs posted
frequently, it might become a useful resource.
One URL which I haven't seen pushed all that much which impressed me a
lot for a very comprehensive list of cypherpunks technology, what it
is and where to get it was Tatu Ylonen's pages on crypto, and crypto
A resource that would look good with a support newsgroup for
discussion of just such technology.
I would have thought that if anyone was interested to set up such a
group (Peter? - your initiative?), that you could tone down the
'cypherpunks' name if you felt it would further the cause of giving
the newsgroup wider appeal.  I mean perhaps you would mention
'cypherpunks', 'the mailing list', near the end of the FAQ as further
resources, and a forum for active discussion, explaining the name
first, so that people don't get put off, after they've got that far
(read all through your FAQ), presumably they'll be less inclinded to
let a label bother them.

@_date: 1995-09-16 15:31:40
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: "alt.cypherpunks" Newsgroup vs. Mailing List? 
Not instead of, that would *kill it* with all the effects every one
has been quick to point out, things like more noise, cross posts, loss
of community like atmosphere.  Please don't anyone do that!
My 2nd post on the subject just before yours in my mbox, contains my
negative views on this idea.
I just thought it would be a good medium for a separate discussion
forum for Peter's proposed 'technology transfer', and public awareness
idea.  I am really not keen on combining the two, I think if it there
is a need for it, and it gets created at all, it should be as a
separate forum.
Sure, alt groups are easy to create there was a series of them in our
spool with names from alt.-.-.-.-.0.0.0.0.0 through
alt.-.-.-.-.-9.9.9.9.9 or something like that till some admin cleaned
them up, or some one put out a cancel for them.
Couldn't agree more.  Keep cpunks the way it is.
Don't think it'd be worth destroying the cypherpunks list over,
alt.groups are great for censorship free discussion, (alt.security.pgp
and some of the other crypto groups have their good moments, and there
are quite a few people who frequent the a.s.pgp group acting as pgp
guru's anwsering questions systematically at the rate of half a dozen
a day or so it would seem.  It's gotten to the stage where a pgp
newcomer can post how do you blah fingerprint blah, and there will be
a whole bevy of regulars keen to help.  Probably is very useful for
PGP newbies.), so perhaps an alt.cypherpunks could develop this kind
of a use.  But some people view alt.* groups with disdain and don't
look at them, so it might depend on the intended audience.  Wider
audience might be achieved with a comp, or other big8 group.
I thought recently about writing a cpunk technology FAQ, even got
started with a list of what I wanted to include.  What I wanted to do
was to gather together pointers to all of the available technology
available, crypto libraries, disk encryptors, remailers, etc, in a
form which would be a useful quick reference, to know just what was
available, it can sometimes be tricky to find all of these things, as
you see people asking about disk encryptors in a.s.pgp, and about
remailers, etc
I just got finished with the contents list, when I came across by
browsing someone's cpunks page, Tatu Ylonen's 'International
Cryptography Pages', so I junked my 'table of contents only' FAQ at
that point because he had done it all, in comprehensive detail.  I
reckon perhaps WWW is a useful way to put across info, most of the
FAQs which get posted to newsgroups have a WWW home, or end up being
WWW only, and not posted at all, or pointer only.
I'm really impressed with Tatu's pages, take a look if you haven't
seen it as it's a really good cypherpunks technology resource guide,
the software packages section is likely very useful reading, and would
answer a lot of FAQ like questions for some people with security, and
privacy questions.  I reckon perhaps some of Peter's aims could be
furthered by posting Tatu's pointer as a FAQ to a few of the crypto
and security groups:
Yeah, that is a problem, all the security groups seem to get merged,
much to the annoyance of people on sci.crypt, and leading to the
creation of sci.crypt.research.
Also the point of there being lots of newsgroups already is
interesting because when you look at the crypto and privacy related
groups there are already a whole load of related ones.  It is just the
noise ratio on most of them is rather bad.
Perhaps a systematic posting of some useful FAQs and URLs would
generate a useful effect in terms of increasing use and awareness of
cryptographic solutions to security problems, and as privacy
preserving methods.  Larry Detweiler used to post the CRAM series,
some of the info disseminated was useful.  Perhaps a similar approach
could be taken, posting cypherpunks technology FAQs to relevant
groups.  MPJs getting PGP FAQ has lots of PGP info, something similar
or just the insistant, helpful reposting of Tatu's URL in places where
people ask about such info might be useful.
I for one would prefer to see it in a co-exist mode, with different
objectives.  I'll go away now, and let Peter continue, if he hasn't
been put off by the mixed responses.

@_date: 1995-09-17 05:37:01
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful 
I think you misunderstand what I was saying, I wasn't saying *instead
of*, but *as well as*, and with a different purpose, just a comment on
Peter's post as to creating *another* group / list with a different
purpose, one to specifically further his ideas on transferring
technology to more people.
So I most definately agree with the likely effects of for instance
merging the list and a newsgroup with a mail to news gateway, as
someone suggested, this would be a really bad idea, and would open the
list to a flood of junk.
If a group such as say alt.cypherpunks were created, it would be just
yet another group which hosts endless directionless arguments with
David Sternlight, etc. via huge cross posting.
Perhaps it would be better to just post crypto FAQs to existing crypto
groups, to further use of crypto.
A later suggestion someone else had was of a read-only mailing list
mirror in a newsgroup.  I'm not sure about this, I mean yes it would
allow more people to casually read, and this is what I use Todd
Masco's nntp.hks.net nntp server for, and find it a really nice way to
read, much nicer than a mail box, even if it was slower for me.  Of
course there are software solutions which allow you to set up similar
effects your self, but as a standard read-only newsgroup, I think it
would likely increase readership.  But I'm not sure, I mean even that
is likely to get the list some more junk, as it will less of a barrier
to post, I mean all you have to do is send to cypherpunks at toad.com,
after all, and it wouldn't take a lot to figure that out.
Undecided as to whether a read only newsgroup in mail.cypherpunks or
something would be a good idea or not.  I'm sure it already happens a
lot of places, so perhaps it won't make a lot of difference.
But I definately wasn't advocating gating an alt group to cpunks and

@_date: 1995-09-17 12:28:43
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: planning for life during the crypto night (was Re: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful.) 
Guess you're saying that a future underground cypherpunk group is
going to need tools to continue if the US plummets into cryptographic
darkness.  And you'd like to see these tools available now, as it will
be difficult to distribute, and set up if the big ban is already on
us.  A pre-emptive safety precaution in the event that it happens.
So what threat model do you envisage tools being needed to withstand?
A couple of the things you list are realisable with little effort, one
is a PGP with large keys, I am using a doctored to go to 16k keys (I
did this to amuse myself with getting timings for how long encrypt /
decrypt & keygen take for varying key sizes).  The patch is small, and
easy to figure out, just a couple of  various people posted
their patches to do this to alt.security.pgp some time ago.  I think
there was at least one patched version of PGP distributed
(unofficially of course - PGPs largest allowed key size being 2048
bits), though I don't have any URLs for such a beast.  Part of the
problem is people seem to frown on distributing PGPs with larger keys,
or alternate versions of PGP, due to version control issues, and such.
Technically easy to do tho.
Adding stealth features to PGP, or even as standalone, aren't hard
either.  I've been trying to add Hal's improved stealth algorithm to
Henry Hastur's stealth program.  It's basically finished, except for
the problem that I am unsure about the security of the construct:
where 0 < x < N
and   0 < x' < M where M is a power of 2, and M > 2^64 * N
and f is just a scaling function
If that is secure I'd be happy to release an updated version of
stealth, but without assurance, it is necessary to include random
numbers, and the best way I see to achieve that is to build it in to
PGP, and use PGP's ran no utils directly.
If you're talking about a different version of PGP, perhaps this
wouldn't be a big deal anyway.
So that's big key PGP, and stealth PGP.  I'm presuming most people
figure 128 bit IDEA is suitably unassailable, but RSA keys are a
moving target, and less predictable due to improvements in factoring
algorithms.  Already people are talking about an academic RSA129 like
attempt on a 512 bit PGP key.
What are views about creating Yet Another version of PGP.  I've read a
few discussions of this kind of thing in the past on alt.security.pgp,
and most people were against it.  But I think some useful things could
come out of it.
The other problem is working with pgp2.x when there is a version 3.0
being worked on, not sure what stage 3.0 is at, any coding.. perhaps
if a stealth capable pgp2.x was worked on, and a few features
demonstrated, the 3.0 folks would be willing to take a look at it to
evaluate the features for possible version 3.0 inclusion.
Just don't want to go do a of work, and then get a polite cease and
desist from those with interests in managing the version control of
Good stego tools are the other main problem.
My understanding is that all of the stego programs to date do it by
just ripping out the LSB of an audio or graphic image, and replacing
that with the bits from a message with a stealthed message.
Sending masses of pictures around is kind of suspicious tho, I mean
several a day, each freshly scanned from what?  I guess if video
conferencing gets here, it would be fun to add the stego into that
noisy stream, same for internet phone.
Text stego, with bits hidden in the entropy of english text seems a
harder objective, but a useful one.
I'm presuming that plausible deniability, and facilities for anonimity
are essentials.  How does one go about doing that?  Using newsgroups
to carry on a two level communication might be a good way of
maintaining plausible deniability.  Either a stego interface to
remailers in other countries, so that the stego gateway to remailers
scans it's newspool, decrypts messages addressed to it, and forwards
that off to the anon remailers.  The outcome could be a further text
or graphics stegoed message for posting to a suitably high noise news
group.  The recipient is also scanning his news spool for stego
messages addressed to him.
Sounds feasible.  Perhaps a proof of concept would be easy to knock
up, if a place holder is inserted for the 'good text stego' program
should go.  There was a 'texto' posted a while ago which did something

@_date: 1995-09-19 04:12:01
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: NYT on Netscape Crack 
Sure that's hard to notice, but what you describe was an accident, ie
the code wasn't working as you thought it was.
The netscape one by the sound of it, and the earlier posts of the
reverse-engineered ran no code, was working to spec, it was just a
dumb spec.
I felt sorry for netscape when they got chosen as the example of an
ITAR crippled app to break, the breakers intention obviously being to
tar ITAR, but some of the bad publicity rubbing off on netscape, who
were obviously fully aware of the weakness of 40 bit keys.
This one tho' sounds very much like due to sloppy design which is
inexcusable, especially given that they are going around selling the
128 bit RC4 browser to people who may have been relying on it, at it's
word, and presume the rest of the cryptographic system was up to
suitable standard to match 128 bit keys.
aka what's the point having 128 bit keys if you use a 32 bit, or 40
bit or 48 bit seed, which can be further narrowed with non-root access
to the machine, and even with external info leaked by the machine.
Well that is a valid, and very good moral, but the netscape story is a
different story I think, as they knew what their code was doing, and
somehow didn't think it was a problem, or didn't even pause to
consider the ran no generation security.  Reckon any bad publicity
they get out of this one is entirely their own fault.
The moral in netscapes story is that closed systems are bad news.
These things ideally need open review.  And of course designing things
with the expectation that they are secure with the *given* that the
full algorithm is known.
Real shame because the rest of the software is very innovative
compared to other browsers, and apparently good quality.  Also may be
a set back for net commerce, which is bad news.
Munitions-T home page:   -s-- -export-a-crypto-system-sig -RSA-3-lines-PERL
$m=unpack(H.$w,$m."\0"x$w),$_=`echo "16do$w 2+4Oi0$d*-^1[d2%Sa
pack('H*',$_)while read(STDIN,$m,($w=2*$d-1+length($n)&~1)/2)

@_date: 1995-09-19 09:55:48
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: NYT on Netscape Crack 
An excellent proposal.
Well how about it Jeff/netscape?
Save Ian and David the effort of reverse engineering it again (which
it is obviously pointless, and more: mathematically impossible, to do),
and get your self some free advice.  Better to have free advice, and
quickly now, rather than another disaster later, presume netscapes
cred can't take too many more bashings before this starts affecting
share prices etc.
Posting the code for the random number generator would be an excellent
start.  Kirkov (sp?) principle and all.  Or if that doesn't sit well
with copyright interests, how about writing up an open spec about how
the random number generator works?  Then we can critique it.  An
algorithm should be something to be proud of, "it's secure, and see:
this is how it works, here are the design criteria, here is how you
would attempt to break it, and here is the best predicted attack's
Lets get something useful out of this, an open system is called for
not just a quick switcheroo of another algorithm.  Open systems, rule!
(I thought netscape was big on open systems, reading some of the
blurb, just now).
I'm sure you'd get some useful, valuable feed back from publishing an
open spec, is netscape still a progressive startup company with hot
programmers running the show, or has it slipped into stuffy corporate
realms already?

@_date: 1995-09-19 11:08:54
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: NYT on Netscape Crack 
Yeah I saw both.
This was what I was trying to say.  I was thinking that it would be
useful if they would care to disclose this part of the implementation,
where the entropy comes from, and how they estimate it.
Absolutely, but can you see netscape adopting the GPL, with full
source availability?  Of course this would be ideal, but I was hoping
for at least the source as pertaining to the random number generator
which is the essence of the current problem.
Yeah well if open systems is taken to mean, we make up a standard,
tell you about it and if you don't like it well it's too late because
we've blasted it across the internet to the extent that there's no
turning back.
An approach more in keeping with the IETF frame work would have been
better.  If it's open standards why not accept existing standards, or
contribute to a IETF working group to decide one which is agreed upon.
I'd call that more open.
Well yes, but the current flaw the design wasn't even correct,
although the implementation of that design was.  Both would be ideal
but a design and proof of having audited it would be good if they are
expecting people to trust this thing for megabucks as internet
commerce takes off.
Well I highly doubt they'd GPL the code.  Or even make the code
available.  But it would be really, really nice if a fresh outlook was
taken on this, code is required to trust the thing, as that shows a
willingness to expose the workings, and confidence in the
implementation, and algorithms.  I hope some serious thought goes into
this issue at netscape, about giving out code for their security
There are still possibilities for server bugs, and so on.
No, you can't.
Sadly, I presume that they have no intention of releasing source.  So
we'll have to be content with RSADSI security audit.  Or another

@_date: 1995-09-20 07:30:31
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Cylink 
It's sooo gratifying seeing the err, ever so slightly litigious folks
from RSADSI get a dose of their own medicine.
Does it apply to RSA and hence PGP by way of RSAREF, and a claimed
general patent on PK, or was this court decision on specific DH
patents only?
If so I hope the proud new owners have better marketing sense than to
stomp on their huge advertisment of RSA, PGP.

@_date: 1996-02-16 21:39:07
@_author: aba@dcs.exeter.ac.uk 
@_subject: Stealth PGP work 
Derek Atkins  writes on cpunks:
OK stealth is quite simplistic in the way it operates... neglecting
the pgp conventional encrypt support, here's what it does...
It takes a PGP message which looks like this (must be unarmored),
and outputs this:
(the point of stealth 2.01 is that the RSA encrypted session keys for
a given user will be less than that users RSA modulus by definition,
and hence not evenly distributed, and that this would be noticeable
statistically after a few messages)
So in stealth 2.01 the RSA encrypted IDEA session key is actually
transformed by a function on stealthing, and the reverse of that
transform is applied on unstealthing.  Before the transform:
0 < r < n
where r is the encrypted session key, and n is the users public key.
The transform ensures that, f(r) is uniformly distributed in:
0 < f(r) < 2^x (x depends on a security parameter, higher security implies greater
expansion, 2^x is of course greater than n, otherwise information
would be lost)
stealth 2.x requires n to perform the transform f, and the inverse f'.
when stealthing the n chosen is that specified in the RSA header.
on unstealth f' is used to recover, and n is again required, the n
chosen must be either specified as a user id to look up, or all
user-ids must be inspected.
The unstealth operation re-constructs the headers.
(One "feature" is that you can pad random junk after the stealthed
message and the unstealth, pgp decrypt operation still seems to work
because of the nested length bytes contained within IDEA encrypted and
within compression packets.  This is useful as it allows you to pad
your data to a fixed size in a similar way to mixmaster packets).
Right, understood.  I would have thought it nice to add support for
usage of the modules in the pipeline that you describe in an
independent manner also, as building blocks?  Perhaps this is already
catered for.  The problem with stealth from this point of view though
is that there is no packet.  Perhaps you could prime the pipeline by
prepending a dummy `stealthed' CTB, and a method to cope with this CTB?
Stealth can work outside of PGP, but it duplicates work - it looks up
keys in the database to obtain the keyid to insert on unstealth (and
in 2.01 it also needs to know the rsa modulus on stealth and
unstealth).  The other functionality 2.01 duplicates is that it needs
cryptographically strong random numbers, I have not resolved this
satisfactorily, which is why stealth2.x has not be developed further
than beta stage.
The limitation of stealth is that it only supports a single recipient,
in that it expects the data following the key to be the IDEA encrypted
Possibly pgp3 will make this easier, will give access to the random
number generator as an API call?
Will it provide API calls to allow key lookup?
(Maybe I should hold off more questions until you have the API ready
for release).
Perhaps you can accept a donated stealth module at a later stage, if I
understand the API spec and prog guide well enough I might try to
produce one of these .  I'm sure Colin & yourself have lots to do as
Clarifies quite a few things, yes thanks,
