
@_date: 1995-02-11 15:43:45
@_author: Andre Bacard 
@_subject: Feb 15th Meeting About PGP 
The Electronic Frontier Foundation  will meet on
Wednesday, February 15th at the WIRED magazine office in San Francisco. John Gilmore and Cindy Cohn will discuss
the constitutional implications of export controls on cryptography.
This topic relates directly to PGP.
Attached you'll discover complete details about this meeting --
which I've borrowed from the EFFector, EFF's online newsletter. I
hope to see you Wednesday!
Andre Bacard,              Bacard wrote "The Computer Privacy
Stanford, California       Handbook: A Practical Guide to E-Mail
abacard at well.com           Encryption, Data Protection, and PGP
                           Privacy Software" [for novices/experts].
Introduction by Mitchell Kapor, co-Founder of Electronic Frontier
Foundation and creator of Lotus 1-2-3.
          +++ Book forthcoming. Write for details. +++
EFF is pleased to introduce a series of monthly `BayFF' meetings in
the San Francisco Bay Area.  All EFF members, guests, and the
public are invited.
The first meeting will be in San Francisco on February 15, 1995, at
7:30PM.  The gracious donor of our first meeting place is:
        Wired Magazine
        520 Third Street, Fourth Floor
        San Francisco, CA
        +1 415 222 6200  voice
John Gilmore and Cindy Cohn will speak on the constitutional issues
around export controls on cryptography.  John is a co-founder of
EFF and Chair of the EFF Board's Crypto Committee.  Cindy is an
attorney in private practice at McGlashen and Sarrail in San Mateo. These controls inhibit free speech, publication of software and
papers, academic freedom of inquiry, and personal privacy, as well
as having a strong negative impact on computer security.  We'll
explore some of the implications and prospects for change.
Dave Farber will speak on "Living in the Global Information
Infrastructure -- some concerns".  Dave is an EFF Board member and
has more years of experience in computers and networking than the
total experience at many startup companies.  Vice President Gore
has proposed that the nations of the world undertake the building
of a Global Information Infrastructure -- the GII.  While most
leaders agree with the sprit of the Gore proposal -- namely to
provide a mechanism which could invigorate the world economy in the
forthcoming information age, many disagree with his belief that it
will bring democracy to the world.  They interpret such statements
as being another example of American colonialism.  It is this basic
lack of uniform global agreement on what terms mean, what rules
apply to electronic commerce and what impact a GII will have on
their nation that underlies the comments Dave will make.  These
raise questions about the universality of Cyberspace.  He will seek
to table a set of questions that may  stimulate your thinking in
this area.
There will also be plenty of time for general and specific
questions, issues, discussion, meeting people, and socializing with
frontier- minded folks.

@_date: 1995-01-19 20:37:51
@_author: Andre Bacard 
@_subject: Supreme Court & Anonymity 
Attached is a Supreme Court decision that may bear directly upon
anonymous remailers and upon people who want to curtail anonymous
This info came from Dave Banisar at EPIC  via
Stanton McCandlish at EFF . Thanks to Attorney
Banisar for supplying this information.
See you in the future,
