
@_date: 2000-10-19 07:27:00
@_author: Adam C. Engst 
@_subject: Mac created the modern Internet (was RE: I created the "Al 
This is close to correct, but not quite. In fact, along with bundling
MacTCP with my Internet Starter Kit for Macintosh (which enabled Mac
users to get MacTCP AND a book of instruction for $30 rather than pay
Apple $60 for just MacTCP, if you could find it), the book also came
with a flat-rate SLIP account from Northwest Nexus, my ISP in
Bellevue, WA. What happened was that we'd gone around looking for a
decent SLIP account to bundle with the book, but weren't able to find
anything under $11 per hour. I casually mentioned this to Ed Morin,
the owner of Northwest Nexus (which I'd always used for ISP service
in Washington), and said that I assumed they didn't want to be
bundled because the book would have international distribution and I
thought they wanted to be only a local ISP. Ed said he could have
such problems, and a 4 hour telephone call (which included several
conference calls with Livingston technical support to configure
Nexus's PortMasters for dynamic IP addressing, which had just
appeared in the feature set) later, we had flat-rate SLIP working.
That flat-rate SLIP account was tremendously popular, and Northwest
Nexus attracted customers from all over the world who were willing to
pay long distance charges to avoid the usurious rates for SLIP
That was the key event in pricing SLIP down, in my opinion, since TIA
came quite a bit later. TIA was another moving force, without
question, but not the first one. I wrote about it in the second
edition of ISKM.
And what I mostly remember about Netcom in those early days was that
their technical support was almost totally non-existent. I helped
many ISKM readers solve problems with Netcom because Netcom wouldn't
respond to email or phone calls. And since I never had a Netcom
account, it was mostly a matter of garnering the specific bits of
setup information from some people so I could help others.
cheers... -Adam
PS: And to bring the story full circle, the person who introduced me
to TIA before it was released so I could write about it in the second
edition of ISKM was Drummond Reed of Intermind, who has subsequently
been the driving force behind the just-released eXtensible Name
Service (XNS) technology that I'm helping guide via the non-profit
XNSORG. Ironically XNS is almost the complete opposite of TIA. Where
TIA was a quick hack that was immediately useful, it also had a very
short lifespan and disappeared entirely as soon as the hardware
appeared for all ISPs to do PPP. In contrast, XNS is a broad
technology platform that has relatively few immediate uses, but
which, if it succeeds, will affect a vast number of things on the
Internet for a long time to come.
     Adam C. Engst        in MDJ Power 25 /  in MacDirectory Top 10
   TidBITS Publisher             XNSORG President     =Adam Engst    Computer Book Author     Macworld Contrib. Editor  --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-09-24 19:06:23
@_author: Adam C. Engst 
@_subject: Introducing XNS and XNSORG 
Hi all,
I've been working incredibly hard of late to put the finishing
touches on a new independent non-profit organization called the XNS
Public Trust Organization or XNSORG (I'm the president). XNSORG's
task is provide legal, technical, and governance maintenance for what
I believe is a truly compelling new Internet technology that has the
potential to affect each and every person on the Internet.
I'll provide a synopsis below, and I would encourage you to read my
full article about it in TidBITS Tuesday morning, but since a major
aspect of XNS is a new naming system, I wanted to alert you all so
you could be assured of getting the exact personal name you want
before someone else does (obviously, the more unusual your name, the
less likely there is to be a conflict). Please feel free to forward
this along to friends who might also want to sign up quickly.
Starting at 7 AM Eastern on Monday morning, XNS name registration
will be open. The first million names are free, and all you need to
enter initially is your current email address (you can add as much
more or little information later as you want). I strongly encourage
you to get a name right away, and you can then start linking
electronic business cards (with permanent, synchronized links) with
other people with XNS names. Obviously, you can get any name you want
(and you can register multiple names, though the second and so on
will cost $12 per year), but I recommend you think fairly carefully
about this decision since XNS names are meant to be permanent. So if
you get ImaWanker as your name, you might regret being stuck with it
much later on. My name is just "Adam Engst" or actually, in XNS
parlance "=Adam Engst".
Go to  or  at
7 AM Eastern or later to sign up.
Believe me, this is cool and it's going to get even more cool as time goes on.
Enough. I want to get this out while you still have a chance of
seeing it first thing Monday morning. Please excuse me if I can't
explain more right now or if I'm bad about replying later - I've
received over 200 messages and sent over 100 today in the process of
trying to finalize our legal documents during more than 12 straight
hours of work today without a break, and I'm closing in on total
brain fry...
cheers... -Adam
Here's the broad overview. XNS (eXtensible Name Service) is a new
technology developed by a Seattle startup called OneName Corporation
to enable Internet users and businesses to exchange data in an
automated, privacy-protected fashion. It's based entirely on Internet
standards like HTTP and XML, and the source will be completely
available (or rather, it will be once it's cleaned up and prepped -
the end result is legally required, but practical realities prevent
it from happening Day 1). Along with all those hip buzzwords and
phrases, what really sets XNS apart from all the other proprietary
technologies you've heard about is that OneName is licensing the
patent that governs this technology to a newly formed non-profit, the
XNS Public Trust Organization, or XNSORG for short.
As a technology, XNS has two basic parts. First is the web agent
technology that enables individuals and business to share
information, creating permanent links that can withstand the rigors
of new email addresses, physical moves, and so on. The cool thing is
that every link is governed by a legally enforceable privacy contract
aimed at reducing the privacy abuses that have gotten such press of
late. Second, XNS has a next-generation naming system (how else can
you find and link to these web agents?) that is designed to avoid all
the problems with DNS, both in terms of the size of the namespace and
the huge intellectual property issues that have come up.
Fine and nice, but what can XNS be used for? What about a single
sign-in at every Web site that supports XNS? No more trying to
remember multiple usernames and passwords for every Tom.com,
Dick.com, and Harry.com. What about eliminating spam by requiring all
new correspondents to agree to your privacy policy before allowing
their mail through? (I'm especially jazzed by that one, since I've
found the legal recourse, even with the WA state law, painful at
best.) What about an address book that's never out of date? Or a
button that fills in the standard information every ecommerce site
asks for, and ensures that a privacy contract is attached to every
The key to it all is XNSORG, which is a non-profit tasked with
coordinating the maintenance of the XNS technology and creating a
governance structure for the XNS community (we're getting some help
from the Center for Democracy and Technology - CDT - on this). XNSORG
will do things like establish technical and operational
specifications for the system to ensure quality of service, design a
dispute resolution system to handle breaches of privacy contracts and
other disputes, and organize working groups to extend the
capabilities of the system. I've put my effort where my mouth is and
have been working non-stop for a while now heading up XNSORG.
I don't know of such a situation on the Internet where an
intellectual property holder hands over a patent and all their source
code to a non-profit that answers only to the Internet community. I
won't pretend we have all the answers, but we're trying hard to get a
1.0 out there on the 25th for feedback and comment, at which point
XNSORG and its responsibilities will shift to meet the desires of the
You can read more at , though some things are
still drafts or stubs there. If you're at all interested in privacy,
I especially recommend the P3P, XNS, and Internet Privacy white paper
that's linked on the home page.
Adam C. Engst, XNSORG President                     TidBITS    --- end forwarded text
