
@_date: 2011-07-20 15:21:07
@_author: Alfonso De Gregorio 
@_subject: [cryptography] bitcoin scalability to high transaction rates 
The acceptable distance from a stable currency, as the concept of good
enough, depends again on what you are trying to achieve.
As a digital currency, and distributed system, Bitcoin is nothing less
than truly ingenious. I'm enthusiast about it.
However, Bitcoin it's neither local nor should be confused with a
system ready to be a sound alternative to the gold standard. And in
the debate was rised a question about the eventual effect of having
money backed by BTCs instead of gold. My argument stems from there.
Btw, there's a nice article published few weeks ago by Nathan Lewis on Forbes:
  A Return To Basics: What Is Stable Money?
  cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net

@_date: 2011-11-26 11:48:30
@_author: Alfonso De Gregorio 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] cryptocounters for our PETs 
Hi David,
Absolutely, thanks for asking. Cryptographic counters were introduced
by Jonathan Katz, Steven Myers, and Rafail Ostrovsky in a work where
they especially addressed their applications to electronic voting. So,
I suppose its relevance makes the paper a good candidate for a
  'Cryptographic Counters and Applications to Electronic Voting',
  Eurocrypt 2001, Though cryptocounters may find application as subroutines in
electronic voting system (more below), the possibility to use them as
useful building blocks ultimately depends upon the requirements
engineering for electronic vote (e.g., is coercion resistance a
Sorry for the confusion. Let me rephrase the section.
Lets consider a secure electronic voting where each participant holds
a binary vote, which is either 0 or 1. We want to compute the tally
without revealing the individual votes. A secure protocol to compute
the sum of integers can be of help here. Votes, actually their
randomized encryptions, are terms of the addition. The addition can be
computed privately using an additive homomorphic cryptographic scheme,
hence providing means to privately cast the participants' votes. To
compute the tally, the voting authority -- which may inlcude
participants themselves -- decrypt the cryptographic counter and
publish the final result.
Lately, I've been working with a company interested in applying
cryptocounters and building an application where privacy is taken care
of by design. I'll do my best to help them delivering their project.
Perhaps they will decide to write something about this in the future.
At the same time, there are few application of cryptocounters,
unrelated to electronic voting and my current engagements, suggested
by Adam Young and Moti Yung in their Malicious Cryptography (J. Wiley)
and the upcoming Advances in Cryptovirology
But I'm pretty confident we could devise more applications.

@_date: 2012-01-14 12:38:52
@_author: Alfonso De Gregorio 
@_subject: [cryptography] Gregory Perry's follow-up to the FBI OpenBSD / OCF 
Back in December 2010, we discussed the OpenBSD IPSec backdoor allegations.
Two days ago, Cryptome.org published the Gregory Perry's follow-up to
the this story.
FBI OpenBSD Backdoors and RSA Cipher Vulnerability
