
@_date: 2012-09-18 13:32:43
@_author: adrelanos 
@_subject: [tor-talk] almost success  toward complete tor enforcement, 
That's a bit insufficient and some points clearly outdated, see below.
You don't need pdnsd,ttdnsd,polipo. Vidalia is a nice optional graphical
user interface.
Someone else has to answer here.
You're on the wrong path. Don't use polipo / Firefox etc. anymore,
unless you want to stay out from all other Tor users. Use Tor Browser.
You don't need iptables for that. Tor is running on a Gateway. Tor
Browser without Tor/Vidalia started (patched startup script) is running
on another machine. (Which we call Workstation.)
Tor Button SOCKS Host: gateway IP, port: reserve one SocksPort in torrc
on Gateway exclusively for Tor Browser. Add some extra SocksPorts for
other applications. (stream isolation)
You don't need ttdnsd. I recommend using one SocksPorts per most, if not
all applications. If you still want some remaining traffic fallback you
can use Tor's excellent Dns- and TransPorts.
For a "fetch remaining DNS traffic and route through Tor iptables rule"
have a look at
and search for "dns".
You probable mess up there figuring out what is lan traffic for real and
what not. I strongly recommend the Tor-only box to have no local lan
Like said before, forget about that plan. Don't use polipo.
You can do it with virtual machines and/or physical isolation.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-09-27 00:06:28
@_author: adrelanos 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Tor and P2P 
I tend to agree but I am not sure. At the moment I don't believe the Tor
project will die soon. It's fine with me if we can continue use it for
anonymous browsing, circumvention and so on for the next years.
It's also questionable if the Tor project should try to get a big share
of the people interested in anonymous p2p. I tend to think no, because
this opens up the project for a lot negative press. That increases the
risk for a new law to forbid the whole network in even more countries.
Let other networks try that out.
Loads of links here:
A very interesting idea is/was the owner free filesystem:
Depending on ones individual threat model, I believe i2p could be
sufficiently secure for file sharing purposes:
I didn't make an academic comparison, but it looks like retroshare is
quickly gaining more and more users:
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
