
@_date: 1994-04-07 16:36:53
@_author: This Space For Rent 
@_subject: NSA security manual 
"Why...I got it from the Russian translation a Comnist friend of mine gave Make sure to send a copy to president at whitehouse.gov.
Andrew Fabbro                   If laws are outlawed,     weltschmerz at umich.edu		only outlaws will            University of Michigan		have laws.  Fnord.          Finger afabbro at churchst.ccs.itd.umich.edu for PGP public key.
PGPprint: 87 41 65 E0 C2 51 9F E5  A9 44 ED A6 6B 16 76 9E
NSA bait: assassinate uranium dreamland CIA p.o.e. zimmerman

@_date: 1994-04-19 19:57:48
@_author: This Space For Rent 
@_subject: slow.penet.fi 
I've found anon.penet.fi to be VERY slow lately, remails taking on the order of 3-5 days, which makes it impossible to use.  Of course, like the rest of them, it's free and a service to the Net and a needed utility, so I'm not going to complain.  However, it has forced me to look elsewhere and find faster ones...
I did write to help@ and ask if there was a problem...for the general benefit of cryptogensia everywhere, here's the reply I got:
---------- Forwarded message ----------
  Some users have flooded the server with hundreds and hundreds of messages.
That slows the server down greatly (posting and e-mailing times up to 3 days).
Some messages might have even disappeared because these hundreds of messages
fill up the diskspace and there is no more room for new messages.
Be patient.
Sorry about the inconvenience,
Andrew Fabbro                   If laws are outlawed,     weltschmerz at umich.edu           only outlaws will            University of Michigan          have laws.  Fnord.          Finger afabbro at churchst.ccs.itd.umich.edu for PGP public key.
PGPprint: 87 41 65 E0 C2 51 9F E5  A9 44 ED A6 6B 16 76 9E
NSA bait: assassinate uranium dreamland CIA p.o.e. zimmerman

@_date: 1994-04-25 11:32:55
@_author: This Space For Rent 
@_subject: anti-clipper t-shirt 
Speaking of T-shirts...is the gentleman who was producing the other shirt (the 1984 shirt) acknowledging orders?  I sent my check, address, adn e-mail address, and haven't heard a peep...if he's not, that's fine...I was just under the impression that he was, which makes me wonder if Big Brother's postal minion lost my order somewhere along the way...
Sorry to address this to the whole list, but I've lost his address.
Andrew Fabbro                   If laws are outlawed,     weltschmerz at umich.edu           only outlaws will            University of Michigan          have laws.  Fnord.          Finger afabbro at churchst.ccs.itd.umich.edu for PGP public key.
PGPprint: 87 41 65 E0 C2 51 9F E5  A9 44 ED A6 6B 16 76 9E
NSA bait: assassinate uranium dreamland CIA p.o.e. zimmerman

@_date: 1994-04-27 11:07:46
@_author: This Space For Rent 
@_subject: Asimov && RSA-129 
ah, but one day when we are truly computerized, the ability to hand-write messages and pass them on obsolete paper will be such an esoteric enterprise that it will be reserved for eccentrics, SCA reenactors, and spies.  (wasn't there an Asimov story about man rediscovering the ability to do math by hand after centuries of calculator dependency?)
I do have another observation...I read the "RSA-129 Cracked" piece but as a true cryptologic novice who hasn't even finished reading _Applied Cryptography_, I was uncertain of the implications of this.  As I understood it, the team cracked a specific message encoded with RSA-129 after about 10 months of work by dozens of people working in concert.
Since my goal is to achieve a level of encryption that the government (read: NSA) cannot penetrate, this brought some questions to mind.  Assuming that the NSA, with its massive budget and ability to design/manufacture/buy special-purpose hardware, could duplicate the efforts of all those on the "crack" team, does this mean that the NSA can break any RSA-129-encoded message in ~10 months?  Or would it be reasonable to assume that they can work faster?
significant, it does not affect current RSA usage, which uses longer keys...1024-bit/308-digit for "the most paranoid use" (Schneier).  Am I correct in assuming that this news has little bearing on current PGP use?
Andrew Fabbro                   If laws are outlawed,     weltschmerz at umich.edu           only outlaws will            University of Michigan          have laws.  Fnord.          Finger afabbro at churchst.ccs.itd.umich.edu for PGP public key.
PGPprint: 87 41 65 E0 C2 51 9F E5  A9 44 ED A6 6B 16 76 9E
NSA bait: assassinate uranium dreamland CIA p.o.e. zimmerman

@_date: 1996-09-10 05:07:01
@_author: Andrew Fabbro 
@_subject: Lexis-Nexis Database 
Note: personal experience indicates that L-N can remove you without
your SSN, so there's no need to provide it, though they'll ask for it.
Expect to attend a mandatory on-hold-music concert with a 20-25 minute
program.  L-N won't verify if your name is in the database, but will
"performa process which will remove you if you are there".
Andrew Fabbro ITD Marketing Research          PGP mail preferred; finger for key

@_date: 1996-09-11 06:36:51
@_author: Andrew Fabbro 
@_subject: LEOs running anon servers? 
Can someone verify/discredit/comment on this statement?  Who is the
knowledgeable source?
Andrew Fabbro  [afabbro at umich.edu]  PGP mail preferred; finger afabbro at us.itd.umich.edu for key    "A good marketing organization listens to its customers...WE HEAR YOU!"

@_date: 1996-09-12 01:55:33
@_author: Andrew Fabbro 
@_subject: number theory paper resource 
As recently mention in sci.crypt...there's an interesting page with
papers on number theory & cryptology at:
(~visser/crypto.html is the exact page you probably want)
Andrew Fabbro  [afabbro at umich.edu]  PGP mail preferred; finger afabbro at us.itd.umich.edu for key    "A good marketing organization listens to its customers...WE HEAR YOU!"

@_date: 1998-02-24 20:09:27
@_author: andrew fabbro 
@_subject: Cryptobook: State of the Art in '98? 
I finally got around to building a cryptobook, as Joel McNamara
described at
Being cool cypherpunk types, you already know that I'm referring to a
computer that has an encrypted partition, is tricked out with cryptoware,
and has been modified to prevent data leakage as much as possible (e.g.,
the OS swaps on the encrypted drive, the fact that it's a cryptobook is
somewhat concealed, etc.)
Joel's excellent article is two years old.  I'm wondering if anyone
can improve upon it, as there is at least one near-showstopper problem.
(FYI, I'm using Win95 as a platform for various reasons, mostly because
the data I'm encrypting is Win95-based and Joels' guide is Intel-based):
(*) SecureDrive is recommended as a hard drive encryption product.
Unfortunately, it's 16-bit and designed for DOS.  On my laptop, which
(as is typical) only has one hard drive controller, in order to mount
the partition in 16-bit mode, I have to turn off all 32-bit disk access,
which slows everything down a great deal, means loading a 16-bit CD-ROM
driver, etc.  Little things like animated icons also don't work -- yes,
who cares, but it suggests there are probably other side effects.
My winGeek friends don't think there is a way to mount one partition
in 16-bit mode and the other in 32-bit mode.  I'm wondering if anyone
knows of 32-bit program like SecureDrive, preferably one using IDEA,
that would be a worthwhile replacement.  (FYI, another package of the
same generation, SecureDevice, has the same problems).
(*) Anyone care to recommend anything that is not included in Joel's list?
Maybe new or better products since '96?  I'd particularly be interested
in some way of automating some of the manual things Joel proposes --
secure deletions, steganography, etc.  Sorry, I'm a UNIX geek and am
somewhat lost in Windows land...
Thanks all,
 Andrew Fabbro [afabbro at umich.edu] www-personal.umich.edu/~afabbro  "Solutions are not answers to problems." -- Richard Nixon

@_date: 1998-02-26 13:02:21
@_author: andrew fabbro 
@_subject: DES search 
Probably because finding spare CPU cycles on thousands of machines is
easy and free, while finding the disk storage space that you mention
would be expensive, and I doubt distributed.net has the resources.
And people who do have the resources are busy doing other things with
them, or keep them at Fort Meade.
I forget because I haven't read that part of Applied Crypto in a while,
but wasn't it terabytes of storage?

@_date: 1998-03-02 15:57:29
@_author: andrew fabbro 
@_subject: Cryptobook: '98 update 
Joel McNamara (author Private Idaho) has updated his Cryptobook page,
which now has information on newer software.  The configuration works
much better under Windows 95 now.
Check out: I have a text file full of notes comparing different hard drive
encryption software, if anyone would like a copy.  I settled on Best
Crypt, which uses BLOWFISH (or GOST, or DES if you're insane).  So far
it works well...except I haven't found a way to have Windows' swap file
Have fun...

@_date: 1998-03-03 01:12:07
@_author: andrew fabbro 
@_subject: Hard Drive Encryption Packages Comparison (Win 95) 
--
MY PERSONAL PICK
I'm still evaluating, but will likely settle on Kremlin.  Even though
virtual volumes seem easier to me, Kremlin has one must-have feature I
haven't found elsewhere: it addresses the Windows swapfile issue.
Windows' swapfile has raw hunks of memory swapped out to disk, which
which could contain anything from any open file.  These swapfiles are
not reliably deleted at shutdown-time, or in the event of a system
crash, and in any event Windows certainly doesn't securely (DoD-style)
delete them.  Some snooper with a boot disk, file recovery utility, and
hex editor could stop by and read previous memory images...talk about
data leakage.
None of these packages allow you to encrypt the swapfile while Windows
is running, but Kremlin's Sentry does the next best thing.  At
shutdown-time, it securely deletes the swapfile and other temp files,
wiping the drive DoD-style.  The fact that Kremlin's design was
obviously thought out from the perspective of an integrated platform
and took this issue into account gives me a warm fuzzy feeling.  Also,
Kremlin offers the most diverse array of algorithms and has some nice
extras, such as a secure Recycle Bin, which is easier to use than
having to remember to run a special secure delete command from the
context menu.  And it's only $35!
If I were administering a site-wide encryption program, I might choose
something that was designed for that environment and offered more
administrative options.  I've made notes on packages which address this
situation and its issues.
SIDE NOTES
BLOWFISH was specifically designed to be fast in software
implementations on 32-bit processors and would likely be the fastest
algorithm you can pick.  I've not noticed any lag when using
BLOWFISH-based systems on a 486-66 w/32MB RAM (hardly a fast machine).
Some publishers only specified a "Genuine RSA Encryption Engine,"
displaying a RSA-licensed logo.  This isn't snake oil, but I'd sure
like to know more about the crypto.
FILE LIST PACKAGES
Product      : Kremlin
Manufacturer : Mach5
Type         : File List
Crypto       : CAST, IDEA, BLOWFISH, RC4, Safer SK-128, DES, and NewDES
Features     : Automatic Decrypt/Encrypt at Login/out, includes a secure
               text editor/e-mail package, secure Recycle Bin, Sentry
               program to automate swap/temp/other-file wiping.
Cost         : $35
Preview?     : Yes
Web          : Notes        : This is a very nice package and my personal pick -- see
Product      : RSA SecurePC
Manufacturer : Security Dynamics, Inc.
Type         : File List Crypto       : RC4
Features     : Trustee threshold key recovery system, boot lock, screen lock,
               network support, password expiration/rule management
Cost         : Not listed, and I was too lazy to make a phone call to find out
Preview?     : Yes
Web          : Notes        : The key-recovery system is very well-thought out and
Product      : SecureWin
Manufacturer : Cipher Logics Type         : File List
Crypto       : RSA Public.  No further details were specified.
Features     : SecureWin is more of an integrated security environment
Cost         : $29.95 Preview?     : Yes - 30 day evaluation download.
Web          :  Notes        : Very well done from a user interface point of view and
Product      : F-Secure Desktop
Manufacturer : Data Fellows
Type         : File List Crypto       : Triple-DES ("168-bit"), BLOWFISH
Features     : Cost         : $99
Preview?     : No
Web          : Notes        : Normally, you specify a set of folders/files to be
Product      : DataGuard
Manufacturer : Secure Services Link, Ltd.
Type         : File List
Crypto       : IDEA, SEAL
Features     : extensive class-based access control, trustee-threshold
               key recovery system
Cost         : $69
Preview?     : No
Web          : Notes        : The class-based access control lists appear to offer
MANUAL-OPERATION PACKAGES
Product      : SAFE Folder
Manufacturer : GlobeTech Catana
Type         : File List, Semi-Manual
Crypto       : BLOWFISH
Features     : Cost         : $58.75
Preview?     : Yes - password fixed to "DEMO"
Web          : Notes        : From the web page, I infer that you have to manually
Product      : Your Eyes Only
Manufacturer : Norton (Symantec)
Type         : File List, Manual?
Crypto       : It uses a "Genuine RSA Encryption Engine".
Features     : boot-time lock, screen lock, uses context menu,
               network support
Cost         : $89.95
Preview?     : No
Web          : 	
Notes        : I couldn't tell if this operated in some sort of
Product      : Stealth Encryptor
Manufacturer : Tropical Software, Inc.
Type         : File List
Crypto       : BLOWFISH, DES ("64-bit")
Features     : installable crypto modules (via .DLL, development kit                available), secure delete, e-mail integration
Cost         : $34.95
Preview?     : Yes
Web          : Notes        : This package's unique feature is its support for
Product      : SecureStore Manufacturer : Selom Ofori
Type         : Manual
Crypto       : BLOWFISH, DES/Triple-DES, CAST, RC4, Diamond2 Features     : Cost         : $30
Preview?     : Yes
Web          : Notes        : SecureStore creates archives into which you can
Product      : Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)
Manufacturer : PGP, Inc. (well, Network Associates now, I guess)
Type         : Manual
Crypto       : CAST, IDEA, Triple-DES
Features     : Too many to list.
Cost         : Free
Preview?     : Yes
Web          : Notes        : Listed just for the sake of completeness.  And it's

@_date: 1998-03-05 17:39:15
@_author: andrew fabbro 
@_subject: Login Tripwire Protocols 
Can you build a reliable login tripwire on a machine where you don't
have root access and root is likely a malicious character?  The answer
is...maybe!  It requires a fairly sophisticated protocol and a lot of
work...here are three of my ideas that didn't pan out, one that probably
would, and a lot of caveats.  I'd appreciate comments, criticism,
etc. from other 'punks.
THE GOAL
You have an account on a system on which you do not trust root, or on
which you think someone else may be able to log in as you.  You want
to build an automated system which alerts you when someone logs in as
other than yourself.
(n.b.: we're just talking about a login tripwire.  Root doesn't need to
log in as you to read your mail or copy your files).
THE PROBLEM The basic problem here is that you can't trust anything on the
insecure system.  Root can modify any file, any binary, your shell, your
environment, the kernel, a program running in memory, logs, devices, etc.
You want to get secure information out of an environment in which all
incoming and outgoing communications can be tampered with at will.
It's sort of like standing in front of a locked door to a speakeasy and
wanting to know if your friend Ivan is inside.  You can slide a paper
through the slat and if Ivan is in inside, require that he prove himself
by signing the paper.  However, if the paper comes back blank and the
bouncer says "he ain't here," how do you know that Ivan isn't tied up
in the back room?
I've thought of some protocols which root could defeat only if he had an
above-average degree of technical sophistication...e.g., examing a running
kernel and modifying it, disassembling binaries, etc.  These are not
normal admin tasks.  However, trusting your adversary to be ill-educated
is poor security practice.  There is one good protocol I thought of,
which would work except for the the  problem common to any attempt of
this sort...
THE ACHILLES HEEL
...and the  problem is: how do you determine if you (or someone posing
as you) is logged on to the remote machine?  Suppose the bouncer is
honest.  What if your adversaries can make Ivan invisible?  Anything your
account initiates via a .login script or similar can easily be avoided
by root, who can modify these scripts before logging in and restoring
them when done.  This leaves you with some sort of automated checking
to see if you're on, and a system to alert you if you are.
The common ways of determining who's logged on to a system can fail or be
You could make SHA message digests of the relavent system binaries and
include checks for them in your robot messanger, but root may already
have changed them.  And remember that root can control your shell,
your environment, etc.
Maybe you assume that your adversary could not do these things.  I don't
think there is no 100% reliable way to see authoritatively who's logged
on to a system, even if your adversary is not a wizard.  However, for
the sake of discussion, let's assume for the moment that you find some
method of determining who's logged in that you feel confidant with,
either because your adversary lacks the technical ability to circumvent
normal methods, or because they are one person secretly being naughty
in an otherwise professional team that would notice changes, or because
your own wizardry outstrips there's.
The next trick is to build a robot to either sit inside the speakeasy to
shout out to you if Ivan is there, or one that goes into the speakeasy,
looks around, and reports back to you.  The trick is making sure that
the robot's voice is not impersonated by your enemies or that it is not
rewired before being sent back to you.
THINGS THAT WON'T WORK
Any kind of notification system that is initiated by your login scripts.
Anything that requires querying the insecure machine from a remote
machine to ask if you're logged on.  Root controls all inbound and
outbound communication.
Any sort of cron job run on the insecure machine -- root can turn these
off, insert a spoofer, do his deeds, and then restore things, with you
being none the wiser.
These protocols all assume you have an account on a trusted machine
that you feel is secure (you fool!), at least from the admin on the
insecure machine.
PROTOCOL  - DAEMON
You set up a daemon on the insecure machine which once a minute sees
who's on, and if you're on, sends that information along with a SHA
message digest (hash) of itself and its process number to the remote
machine, who checks to see if the process number or hash has changed,
and then builds a log.  You can then check this log to see if anyone
was on when you don't remember being on.
(*) root can monitor outbound mail.  When he sees a message going to
your secure machine, he simply replaces it.
(*) root can grab the daemon's code out of memory, rewrite it so that it
first asks root if it should say you're on, and then proceeds normally,
sending out the same process number and SHA MD as an unmodified daemon
would.  He can even write a daemon that monitors for your daemon,
correcting its output whenever you restart your daemon.
PROTOCOL  - DAEMON IMPROVED
Same as  but this time the daemon first asks for a public key
from your secure host, and then encrypts its response using that key.
This defeats the first attack above.
(*) root can use a classic man-in-the-middle attack to harvest the key
on inbound mail and then encrypt it for outbound mail.  No improvement.
PROTOCOL  - PROCMAIL + BINARY ROBOT
The trusted machine contains a set of object files in a linkable state
(i.e., post-compile, pre-link) for a binary robot which (a) checks to
see if you are logged on to whatever machine the robot is running on,
(b) encrypts this information using a public key, and (c) returns the
encrypted "yes/no" to the trusted machine, as well as a SHA message
digest of itself.
You set the following up as a cron job to run every X minutes on the
trusted machine.  The longer the gap, the longer an intruder might be
able to play around unnoticed.  However, the shorter the gap, the higher
the load, and you have to make sure the insecure machine can finish it's
processing within the gap.  Perhaps X should be semi-random.
(a) the trusted machine generates a public/private key pair.  The public
key is placed in a linkable format and linked with the object files for
the binary robot.  The trusted machine notes the outbound binary's SHA
message digest.
(b) the trusted machine mails this binary robot to the insecure machine.
At the insecure machine, you have a .procmailrc which looks for the
robot and  runs it
(c) the robot checks to see if you're online, and encrypts a reply
using the public key that's stored within it.  It sends this back to
the trusted machine.
(d) the trusted machine decrypts the message.  Because each key is
different, one-time, and used sequentially, there should be no replay
attack possibility here.  The trusted machine checks the SHA MD, and
if it's different, goes into alert mode -- sending you e-mail, paging
you, whatever.  Otherwise it just continues to build its log that you
can examine later.  You could do more processing -- perhaps you only
turn on this system on the trusted machine when you're not logged into
the insecure machine.  If it detects you are on while it's running,
it goes into alert mode.
(e) lather, rinse, repeat.  (*) impracticalities of system load, and possible processing time length,
as noted above
(*) Root could sabotage procmail so instead of spawning your robot, it
spawns one of root's.  This mischevious binary then digs out the public
key from your robot's binary code, and returns a message with a "no,
he's not on" message and an SHA message digest of your binary.  (He could
also delete your .procmailrc or otherwise stop your automated system, but
this would be obvious and suspicious).  Since he'll have your binary and
your public key, there is no way to prevent this man-in-the-middle attack.
PROTOCOL  - PROCMAIL + BINARY, IMPROVED
Same as  but when the trusted machine links your little binary robot,
it randomly selects one of many random object files which contain
some trivial operation for the robot to perform.  The results of this
operation are then appended to the robot's reply.  Examples of these
random operations:
etc.  If this robot is intercepted, it will be difficult for root's robot
to mimic its behavior.  Yes, root could manually disassemble it and figure out what it's secret operation is and build his own binary to mimic it, but not in the minute or two that the binary will run before the next robot
each time would likely not work, because the compiler might link them all at
the same place and root's malicious binary could examine the binary and
ferret out the string automatically.
The random operations do not have to be complex, but they must have these
(*) again, impracticalities of system load, and possible processing time
length, as noted above
(*) root will be able to save and analyze the robot binaries.  If the
pool is not diverse enough, root might be able to determine the likely
next message and spoof the reply.  This will not be detectable from
the trusted machine's perspective.  However, the trusted machine might
(a) have a large pool of random operations to choose from to make this
impractical, or (b) simply have a subroutine which randomly generates
random operations from a pool of pieces -- e.g., a set of rules from which
it randomly picks, and then performs other random operations to generate
the actual operation.  (i.e., rule  says pick three floating-point
numbers and generate an operation wherein the robot has to figure out
the cosine of each).  This would be much more difficult to predict/spoof.
First and foremost, the difficult of accurately determining who's on
will likely undermine any attempt to set up a login tripwire.
Also, we're talking about a login tripwire.  Suppose I'm root and I
want to copy a file from your home directory called diary-of-my-sexlife.
All I have to do is note the access/modify/change times, copy the file,
and then restore these times with touch(1).  You can't detect or prevent
read-only access.
Going to all the work of implementing protocol  the most reliable of
these, would likely result in a reasonably secure way of determing if
you're logged in (again, with the difficulty of determining who's logged
on caveats), but is it worth all this effort?  I was just thinking these
things up because I was bored.  If I really had an account on a system
I didn't trust, I would cancel it.

@_date: 1998-03-09 18:48:43
@_author: andrew fabbro 
@_subject: Wu-Tang Clan cypherpunk reference 
"Watch for the wooden soldiers, C-cypher punks couldn't hold us"
This is listed on the Wu-Tang Clan's home page ( so
presumably the lyric is accurate.  Anyone know what the reference is?

@_date: 1998-03-13 11:17:25
@_author: andrew fabbro 
@_subject: Fortify 
Netscape distributes both a domestic version and an international version:
"Note to customers from countries other than Canada and the United States:
Netscape's recent agreement with the U.S. government allows you to
download Netscape Communicator client software with strong encryption
capabilities that can be accessed only when you connect to particular
Netscape servers approved for export. This capability is now built into
all Netscape Communicator client products and does NOT require you to
fill out an eligibility declaration.
U.S. and Canadian citizens and permanent residents may download versions
with strong encryption that is ALWAYS enabled (regardless of the 128-bit
server connected to) but must still fill out an eligibility declaration
before doing so.
This option allows you to talk to sites that use a strong version of
cryptography to encode sensitive information - such as a credit card
number - that you don't want anyone to be able to capture and read
as it is transmitted over the Internet. All Netscape products include
cryptographic capability. However, if you are a U.S. or Canadian citizen
or a legal permanent resident of the United States, you can choose a
version with the stronger encryption always enabled.
Strong encryption refers to the size of the key used to encrypt the
message. Roughly speaking, messages encrypted with strong (128-bit)
encryption are 309,485,009,821,345,068,724,781,056 times harder to break
than those that use 40-bit encryption. However, some experts estimate that
keys much shorter than 128 bits will be safe for the next two decades.
The strong U.S./Canada-only encryption version is available in French
and English to U.S. and Canadian citizens and to permanent residents of
the United States only.  Because the U.S. government restricts export of
any product using 128-bit encryption, you will be asked to fill out an
Eligibility Declaration stating that you are a U.S. or Canadian citizen or
a legal permanent resident of the United States before you will be allowed
to download the software you've selected. The Eligibility Declaration
will be stored in a database and made available to the U.S. government
upon request."

@_date: 1998-03-21 21:08:44
@_author: andrew fabbro 
@_subject: Crypto, anyone? 
I was just wondering if anyone would be interested in discussing
cryptography, personal privacy, security protocols, digital signatures,
anonymous remailers, digital cash, crypto anarchy...?  No?  OK, then we
can go back to spam, Microsoft bashing, calling each other "idiots" and
"chickens," and forwarding News of the Weird for no obvious reason.
