
@_date: 1995-10-16 20:46:41
@_author: AFDA2@aol.com 
@_subject: Seminar 
A quick update on the Association's upcoming seminar.
As many of you know, on Saturday, November 4, 1995, the Association of
Federal Defense Attorneys (AFDA) will be presenting a one-day seminar for
defense attorneys entitled, "What Every Defense Attorney Should Know About
The Federal Bureau of Prisons."  The seminar will be held at the Los Angeles
Airport Marriott Hotel, from 9:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.  The purpose of the program is to provide defense attorneys with two avenues
of insight into BOP. The first, which covers the morning and part of the
afternoon, focuses on the administrative/policy-oriented makeup of the
agency, and the defense attorney's strategic application of these rules.
 Speakers from the BOP, private defense bar and Federal Public Defenders
Office will cover the following subjects: 1. Types of BOP facilities, including the key operating features of the USP,
FCI and camp.
2. The flow chart of key players in BOP administration that attorneys should
be familiar with, including the Community Corrections Manager, Community
Corrections Staff, Regional Designator, and the legal offices at the various
facilities and regional offices such as Dublin, Ca.
3.The BOP documentation system, which has its own unique classification and
numbering system.  This topic includes special attention to the key documents
most likely to affect defense attorneys, such as Program Statements,
Operations Memoranda, and Directives.
4. The key BOP terms that attorneys should be familiar with in order to
communicate more effectively with staff and understand better the agency's
5. How to anticipate where the defendant will serve his/her sentence and
secure a favorable outcome (to the degree possible).  This subject includes:
Designation of place of confinement
Custody classification
Institutional transfer and redesignation
6.  Sentence computation (calculating release dates)
7. How to efficiently contact appropriate staff on matters of concern
8. Intensive Confinement Centers (boot camp)
     The second prong of the seminar, which covers about two hours in the
afternoon, focuses on the "grass-roots" perspective of the federal inmate, in
terms of basic facts about federal incarceration that lawyers need to pass on
to their clients before the clients are designated to a facility.  The
speakers will be two former inmates who have done time at camps and FCIs.  If you would like a fax-flyer for the program, email us a short note at
AFDA2 at AOL.com

@_date: 1996-08-28 12:08:23
@_author: AFDA2@aol.com 
@_subject: AFDA Web Site 
SUBJECT:  AFDA Web site, located at:  In September, the Web site for the Association of Federal Defense Attorneys
(AFDA) will become password-protected for members only.  Those of you who
have paid your membership dues for 1996 will be receiving an email message
containing a User ID and Password, which will be good through December 31,
1997 -- almost a year and a half of unlimited usage for the small membership
fee that allows the association to continue financing the cost of maintaining
and upgrading the web site.
Once the member password system goes into effect in September, the online
Library will be stocked with research memos in many areas of federal criminal
litigation (including topics in white collar / corporate criminal
litigation), along with sample briefs and an expanded collection of court
opinions and government agency documents, all of which can be downloaded to
your hard drive.  At present, the library has all criminal law-related
Supreme Court opinions, key U.S. Sentencing Commission documents (including
the 1995 guidelines), and over 60 operations memoranda of the Bureau of
Prisons.  In addition, the online Newsletter will be expanded to add a
separate section for white collar / corporate criminal defense.  Please note that upon installing the member-password system, the Message
Board on the web site will provide members with a private resource for
discussing strategies and issues with other colleagues, without feeling
exposed to the general web population.  We hope you will take advantage of
this opportunity and put the message board to good use.
Any of you who have not yet joined the association may do so easily by
clicking the "Join AFDA" bar at the top of the home page and completing the
membership form.
Please feel free to complete the "Feedback" form on the web site so that we
can continue to receive your comments and suggestions, a number of which have
already been incorporated into the site.  Please remember that this web site
exists to serve the educational needs of the federal criminal defense bar, so
the association counts on you to join and give us your views on how the site
can continue to serve specific needs and interests of the defense bar.
All email inquiries should be addressed to:  AFDA2 at AOL.com
Best regards to all, and thanks again for your support.
Marc S. Sanders
(System Operator / Webmaster)

@_date: 1996-07-20 16:32:31
@_author: AFDA2@aol.com 
@_subject: Crim Law Message Board 
Criminal defense attorneys are welcome to use the new message board located
at the web site maintained by the Association of  Federal Defense Attorneys
(AFDA), located at
The message board was installed on Friday, July 19, and it's there to serve
the interests of the defense community.  The board should be used strictly
for professional purposes, to exchange ideas on the law, ask colleagues for
input on strategies, share views or inquire about government agents and
witnesses, and so forth.  No personal or social conversation, please.
You are also welcome to join AFDA online by clicking the "Join AFDA" bar on
the home page of the web site.
System Operator
email to: Operator at afda.org

@_date: 1996-03-10 18:12:02
@_author: AFDA2@aol.com 
@_subject: CRIMINAL LAW SEMINAR 
(AFDA) will present a one-day seminar, "The Key Fundamentals of Federal
The seminar will be held at the Los Angeles Airport Marriott Hotel, from 9:00
am to 4:30 pm.  Fee:  $125 for AFDA members;  $175 for non-members.  Handout
materials will include case law outlines and the sentencing guidelines.
This seminar is specially designed for state court attorneys who handle
occasional federal cases, for new federal defense attorneys, and for those
who want a primer on the mechanics of the federal guidelines.  For the
experienced federal practitioner, AFDA will present its Third Annual Seminar,
"Federal Sentencing Updates & Strategies," in the fall of 1996.
For more information, click the Reply button and send a brief email
requesting a fax-flyer.  Remember to include your fax number.
The Association's email address is: AFDA2 at AOL.com

@_date: 1996-05-23 08:01:46
@_author: AFDA2@aol.com 
@_subject: Criminal Law Web Site 
The upgraded Web site for the Association of Federal Defense Attorneys (AFDA)
is now available at The site provides several valuable tools for criminal defense attorneys who
practice in the federal courts:  (1) a convenient compilation of over 100 Web
sites pertaining to federal law, including search capabilities through all
the statutes and case law rulings; (2) an online newsletter that is updated
weekly; (3) a message board; (4) a form library for downloading documents (we
will soon begin uploading documents to the library); (4) a listing of
upcoming seminars for which you can register online; (6) a feedback form so
that you can give us your comments and suggestions; (7) and a survey function
so that we can conduct polls within the criminal defense bar online for
submission to Congress.
The Web site is financed through membership dues on a non-profit basis.
 Until mid-June, the site will be free to all users but will then become
password-protected for members only.  We hope you will take advantage of this
important resource and join the Association so that we can continue providing
the defense bar with needed support.  To join, simply click the "Join AFDA"
bar on the main page of the Web site.
Best regards to all.
Greg Nicolaysen
(Los Angeles)
