
@_date: 1995-01-09 08:27:41
@_author: Anthony Garcia 
@_subject: Vinge's True Email name ? 
As Wei Dai pointed out, the hostname of Vernor Vinge's office
workstation at San Diego State University can be easily determined in
about 5 minutes of poking about.  (He appears to have about 10-15
shells running at any given time...)
I really enjoy his work.  However, I've never sent him any email.
The general impression I've gotten is that he prefers not to receive
fan email, since it distracts him from important work.
If you *really* want to send him fan mail, I recommend sending it in
paper form to his publisher.  First, this allows him to better handle
fan mail in batches.  Second, this gives his publisher some indication
of interest in his work, and maybe gets him a better deal on his next
-Anthony Garcia
agarcia at neosoft.com

@_date: 1997-09-25 07:02:37
@_author: Anthony Garcia 
@_subject: FWD: Dear Representative Oxley 
For what it's worth.  -Anthony
At this time, it looks like your ignorant, anti-Constitutional
amendment to the Safety And Freedom through Encryption Act will be
passed by the Commerce Committee.  This legislation may go on to
be passed by Congress and signed into law by the President.
In case this occurs, I would like you to make note of my home
address and telephone number.  They are:
Anthony Garcia
[address & phone elided for broadcast on cypherpunks list]
If I move to a new address in the future, I will update you.
I telling you this because I fully intend to willfully break
your stupid law exactly 1 minute after the moment it goes into
effect on January 1st, 1999.
I will:
- Manufacture an encryption product that does not support key
  escrow (I will compile source code for encryption software
  which does not support key escrow.)
- Offer to sell that encryption product to any takers for
  the sum of $1.
- Offer that encryption product for free to the public via FTP or HTTP
  file transfer over the Internet.
- Import an encryption software product which does not support
  key escrow by means of file transfer over the Internet from
  a foreign source.
So, get ready to arrest me, Big Mike.  Get out your old FBI shield and
shine it up, because I AM GOING TO BREAK YOUR LAW.  GOT IT?
-Anthony Garcia
agarcia at neosoft.com
P.S.  When you have some free time, look up a document known as the
"Bill of Rights", and review the sections titled "First Amendment" and
"Fourth Amendment".
