
@_date: 2001-08-18 11:59:03
@_author: david akhigbe 
@_subject: BUSINESS    PROPOSAL 
FROM: MR,DAVID AKHIGBE
T EL: 234 1 759 1549; FAX: 234 1 759 0379.
E-MAIL:wazobiac                       BUSINESS PROPOSAL
ATTN: PRESIDENT / CEO, My name is DAVID AKHIGBE, a member of the Presidential
Task Force on Oil Spillage Clean-up. Early last year
there was a major oil spillage in the Niger Delta
Region of Nigeria which rendered over 70% of the
communities homeless.The contract was handled by a
foreign firm but because of the huge monetary profit
we envisaged we decided to over-invoice the contract
sum. Now the contract has been completed and the
original contractor has since been paid,but the
contract balance of US$38 million,which resulted from
the over invoiced contract sum that has been left in a
suspense account with the CENTRAL BANK of NIGERIA,is
what me and my partners are planning to take out of
the country for ourselves.The problem is as government
officials,we are not suppose to own fat bank
accounts,talk less of having foreign ones.To this end,
we are soliciting your assistance as a foreign partner
who can assist us and receive this amount into your
account. We are ready to share this money with you on
the basis of participation. We also have plans to
invest part of this money in any viable business in
your country under your care,as we are nearing our
retirement age. In any case, I received a reference of
you/organization from the Nigeria Chambers of Commerce
and Industry ï¿?oreign Trade Divisionï¿?as a reputable
organ that can assist us on this transaction. Please
if you accept my proposal do not hesitate to send me a
fax on 234 1 759 0379 or send me an e-mail on:
wazobiac at yahoo.com, so that I can provide you with the
basic procedures for the release of the fund. It does
not matter whether you or your company does contract
project of the nature described here, the assumption
is that you won a major contract and subcontracted it
to another company, more often than not, big trading
companies or individuals of unrelated field win major
contracts here in Nigeria and subcontracts same to
more specialized firms for execution. BENEFIT For
providing the account where we shall remit this money,
you will be entitled to 25% of the entire funds, 70%
will be for me and my partners,while 5% has been set
aside to cover any expenses that may be incurred by
both parties during this transaction, both local and
international. Please I enjoin you to handle this
transaction with utmost degree of maturity and
confidentiality because I am still in active
government service with the ï¿?IGERIAN NATIONAL
PETROLEUM CORPORATIONï¿? If I receive your response on
time, this whole transaction could be accomplished
within the shortest possible time based on your
interest and determination,since the money is already
in transit. Please, try to call me up to confirm the
receipt of your fax or e-mail.The lines may be
busy,but keep trying till you get through. Yours faithfully, MR. DAVID AKHIGBE (MNIM). Do You Yahoo!?
Make international calls for as low as $.04/minute with Yahoo! Messenger
