
@_date: 1995-12-19 11:33:19
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program [NOISE] 
Sent: 	Tuesday, December 19, 1995 8:22
It is very strange the way that "Libertarians" are so able to turn all
rights into property rights. Thus freedom of speech become freedom to have
influence on the politicial process in direct proportion to wealth.
Not so strange really. All rights, correctly understood, *are* property rights. What most don't understand is that rights are protections from the initiation of force by others. What this means is that you (anyone) don't have the right to the property of others. You have the right to offer mutually satisfactory exchanges, or even solicit outright gifts, but what is yours is yours, and it shouldn't be subject to extortion or theft by others. This includes your time, cash, and any other tangible assets you may own.
I began work on the web in '92 because I saw its potential as a political tool which did not have the bias of wealth. It has the potential to create a new kind of political dialogue. When the Web becomes as ubiquitous as the telephone we will still see inequalities of power, the homeless and the poor will still be underrepresented. But that situation must be judged against our own where the political process can be bought and traded as if it were any other form of The problem with the political process now is that the government and its beneficiaries (which includes both the large corporation and the welfare class) have over time arrogated to themselves the power to steal (via taxes and regulation) our lives and our livelihood from us. The poor and the rich will always be with us, but they shouldn't be special clients of the state at the expense of everyone else.
It is not simply an issue of money, it is an issue of national security. If a foreigner were to control the majority of the media there would be a significant threat to the national interest. This threat has been realised in the UK with the comming to power of Rupert Murdoch. Fortunately his influence on the US political scene has thus far been minor. In his own country he has brought down the government more than once.
The only reason foreign money might be a threat to us is again that the government arrogated to itself the power to regulate our lives. The reason and interest for lobbying the government, whether through the press or through other, more direct, efforts is that the government *can do something* about whatever happens to be at issue. Take away the ability of the government to act, and there won't be any money spent lobbying it. I submit we'd all be better off.
In UK politicis the influence of an individual's money is limited to influencing one party. Even that is done behind closed doors. The other major parties both limit the size of individual contributions to a constituency party to a relatively nominal sum. $5000 is a huge sum in UK politics.
Nor do I. But I only vote in one country. If we take the question outside the US it would not on the whole be a good thing if the Prime Minister of Tobago (say) were provided with a campaign contribution of $1M by a foreign company with an interest in strip mining the entire island. similarly it would be a bad thing if Columbian drug lords were to make massive contributions to politicians committed to continuing the prohibition on drugs.
See my above comments. Only if the PM of Tobago could steal the land from its owners could he permit the island to be strip-mined. And only if the government has the power to prohibit drug possession would the Cali cartel be interested in making campaign contributions. No power to do something, no money offered to do it.
[speaking only for myself, of course]

@_date: 1995-12-19 14:40:11
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program 
Ya won't have complete equity amongst lobbyists, until ya remove the power of bureaucrats to control people's lives. When laws can be used to deprive people of their livelihood, via either taxation or regulation, you will create situations where people can make money from it, and therefore unscrupulous people will take advantage. The only defensible argument for government at all is to protect people from depredation, either from fellow citizens or from external threats. When you prevent people from engaging in peaceful commerce, you open the floodgates to tyranny. Thus, the solution is less government, not to try to legislate human nature.
[speaking for myself, of course]
Sent: 	Monday, December 18, 1995 6:12
* >JB:
* >>Politics is traditionally corrupt, it appears, because donors to * >>and political campaigns expect a quid pro quo for their donations.  Various
* >>unsatisfactory solutions include campaign spending limits, etc.
* >
* >I have an unusual view that I've never seen elsewhere: the problem with
* >our government is not that money or PACs are involved, but that the * >does not handle or resolve the conflicts between them very well. in other
* >words, in contrary to the current view that all PACs are evil, I think * >problem is not that we have PACs, but that our current system does not
* >balance their demands in some sensible manner.  the system is
* >susceptible to corruption. it is conceivable however that there would be
* >a system that involves money and politics but still avoids corruption.
Not to sound like a dupe or anything, but every time I get discouraged
at the rampant mealyism of our political system I go read the first
couple of paragraphs of a text from GOVT 101.  There, I get reminded that
the way most political debate is handled elsewhere is with bullets.
Personally, I welcome a complete equity between all lobbyists seeking to
obtain a politico's ear.  Take the money out of the equation, and let the
merits of their causes, if any, stand on their own. Happy holidays,

@_date: 1995-12-19 16:00:09
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: Political Cleanup program [NOISE] 
Let's try this again, shall we? My mailer didn't act the way I wanted it It is very strange the way that "Libertarians" are so able to turn all
rights into property rights. Thus freedom of speech become freedom to have
influence on the politicial process in direct proportion to wealth.
Not so strange really. All rights, correctly understood, *are* property rights. What most don't understand is that rights are protections from the initiation of force by others. What this means is that you (anyone) don't have the right to the property of others. You have the right to offer mutually satisfactory exchanges, or even solicit outright gifts, but what is yours is yours, and it shouldn't be subject to extortion or theft by others. This includes your time, cash, and any other tangible assets you may own.
I began work on the web in '92 because I saw its potential as a political tool which did not have the bias of wealth. It has the potential to create a new kind of political dialogue. When the Web becomes as ubiquitous as the telephone we will still see inequalities of power, the homeless and the poor will still be underrepresented. But that situation must be judged against our own where the political process can be bought and traded as if it were any other form of The problem with the political process now is that the government and its beneficiaries (which includes both the large corporation and the welfare class) have over time arrogated to themselves the power to steal (via taxes and regulation) our lives and our livelihood from us. The poor and the rich will always be with us, but they shouldn't be special clients of the state at the expense of everyone else.
It is not simply an issue of money, it is an issue of national security. If a foreigner were to control the majority of the media there would be a significant threat to the national interest. This threat has been realised in the UK with the comming to power of Rupert Murdoch. Fortunately his influence on the US political scene has thus far been minor. In his own country he has brought down the government more than once.
The only reason foreign money might be a threat to us is again that the government arrogated to itself the power to regulate our lives. The reason and interest for lobbying the government, whether through the press or through other, more direct, efforts is that the government *can do something* about whatever happens to be at issue. Take away the ability of the government to act, and there won't be any money spent lobbying it. I submit we'd all be better off.
In UK politicis the influence of an individual's money is limited to influencing one party. Even that is done behind closed doors. The other major parties both limit the size of individual contributions to a constituency party to a relatively nominal sum. $5000 is a huge sum in UK politics.
Nor do I. But I only vote in one country. If we take the question outside the US it would not on the whole be a good thing if the Prime Minister of Tobago (say) were provided with a campaign contribution of $1M by a foreign company with an interest in strip mining the entire island. similarly it would be a bad thing if Columbian drug lords were to make massive contributions to politicians committed to continuing the prohibition on drugs.
See my above comments. Only if the PM of Tobago could steal the land from its owners could he permit the island to be strip-mined. And only if the government has the power to prohibit drug possession would the Cali cartel be interested in making campaign contributions. No power to do something, no money offered to do it.
[Speaking only for myself, of course]

@_date: 1995-12-28 10:52:58
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: FW: proposal for new cyber abbreviation 
TOBAL - There Oughta Be A Law...
Same thing, easier on the mouth.
Sent: 	Wednesday, December 27, 1995 11:47
yes, cyberspace just doesn't have enough acronyms like AFAIK and IANAL etc.
ad nauseam. (I have reason to believe that PTB, or "powers that be" was
actually invented here on this list!!) anyway after reading recent messages I propose:
as in, Something Has To Be Done.
used either seriously or satirically (probably mostly satirically by
everyone here).
"there was a editorialist on TV ranting about the 4 horsemen of the
infocalypse and screeching that SHTBD!!!"
"I was not implying that SHTBD, merely that we are moving into a brave
new world in cyberspace".
"those @ online pedophiles are crawling all over the net. SHTBD!!!"
"the @ mainstream press is always pointing out new bogeymen
with the concluding moral, SHTBD!!!"
notice that SHTBD is the antithesis of cypherpunk philosophy in that
it tends to imply
1. government intervention
2. coercive force
3. censorship
hence by using this term and popularizing it, we promote our own agenda
of "cryptoanarchy".
just my small contribution to humanity for today.

@_date: 1996-02-15 22:39:19
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Haven't read much Lysander Spooner, or merely ignoring him?
If the former, try his essay:
No Treason: The Consitution of No Authority.
You can find it on the web, just use your favorite spider/whatever.
If the Constitution is a binding agreement, show me where I signed. A
contract requires two things of which I am aware (maybe some others that I
am not, since IANAL :-) - Agreement by all signatories, and performance. We
have at least one missing item in that list. If you wish to make the
argument that since I have paid taxes, I have agreed, then I will most
heartily beg to differ. I pay under protest, sometimes silent, sometimes
not, but never do I pay willingly.
If on the other hand you wish to argue from different grounds, I will
listen. But, with all due respect for your opinions (which is considerable,
actually) I expected better.

@_date: 1996-01-03 17:06:52
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
Another suggestion: The Republic of the Seychelles. Saw an AP article on them over the weekend. Seems they now (since November, if I remember the article correctly) offer unconditional haven for anyone who has $10,000,000 (didn't specify if in US$). No extradition, guaranteed, no matter what the crime, if perpetrated anywhere else in the world. Instant citizenship, no questions asked.
Sent: 	Monday, January 01, 1996 22:40
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
On 1/1/96 at 3:11 pm Lucky Green replied to Andreas Bogk about:
What about using converted freighters offshore in international waters
for storing the computers? i.e. Sameer the Wolfman Jack of Pirate Internet Services (tm)  I was told that Belize is offering passports for the next two years for $50,000 and that might be even less if offers were made to the government to provide low cost Internet access to the citizens of Belize.
Belize has always been known as a home for pirates, A wonderful Cypherpunk
candidate for an offshore data haven!
L. Malthus

@_date: 1996-01-05 06:41:29
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
OK, I'm game. What is the story behind your .sig? Given the obvious reluctance state it fully, perhaps someone else can reply?
Sent: 	Thursday, January 04, 1996 9:07
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Belize is a shit hole that is as willing as many other slimeball countries to deny someone entry and force them kicking and screaming onto the next flight to the U.S. on request from U.S. authorities. In principle, that is kidnaping. They use the technicality that the person never entered their territory. No- man's lands of port zones where the most basic rights may be violated without regard to a country's constitution are another class of abuse that will have to go.
Belize is also the place where Bob White, publisher of The Duck Book and sponsor of some of the largest hard-money conferences ever held, was murdered.  The usual suspects were not even rounded up.
Someone once wrote that the principle cash crop of Belize is lice. In reality it may be principles. At least the Hondurans got angry when a citizen was kidnaped by the U.S.
We Jurgar Din
(that will have to suffice: I do not yet live in a free country)
+"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone. It is to the+
+vigilant, the active, the brave. Besides, Sir, we have no +
+election. If we were base enough to desire it, it is now  +
+too late to retire from the contest." -Patrick Henry 1775 +

@_date: 1996-01-16 19:55:11
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: Crypto anarchist getting through customs 
To expand a bit:
I don't remember if it was a lieutenant, captain, or whatever, but he passed out the questionnaire in futherance of his master's degree in something or other. One question dealt with shooting civilians who disobeyed orders to turn over their arms, even if they were owned under what would now be considered legal circumstances. Shockingly, upwards of 25% of the soldiers (Marines, actually, as I remember it, I'll check my references if anyone wants) would have no problem doing so! This in spite of the fact that officers in the armed forces (not sure about enlisted men, but I believe it's true of them as well) swear an oath to uphold the Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic - and I think that under the Constitution as it is now, forcibly depriving people of their arms would probably be a reasonable basis for considering them in contravention of the Constitution, and therefore enemies of it.
Sent: 	Tuesday, January 16, 1996 15:20
The notorious questionaire to the SEALS wasn't an official action. It was one lieutenient doing an assignment for a night class.
I never said that the federal government was good, or nice, or useful. Alan Horowitz
alanh at norfolk.infi.net

@_date: 1996-01-17 18:17:36
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: Spiderspace 
I think Tim was referring to someone gleaning your private key, which would be a Disastrous Thing (tm). If that's not what he was referring to, I still think it's a possiblity.
Sent: 	Tuesday, January 16, 1996 13:59
     [snip]
     I gather that it would be a Bad Thing (TM) to have someone get both      the encrypted and clear text forms of your message (from either you or      from the recipient)
     Maybe regularly changing your encryption keys is a Good Thing (TM)
     Martin G. Diehl

@_date: 1996-01-18 10:06:51
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: underground digital economy 
Certainly. There are a couple of ways, but all one needs is some sort of gateway to an e-cash, which is simply e-money without identification. The gateway could take the form of a human intermediary, with either services or physical goods being the medium of exchange, or simply an exchange server which takes a cut off the top, as happens in the street all the time in countries that have currency restrictions.
Sent: 	Wednesday, January 17, 1996 14:39
The existing underground economy uses the same money as the aboveground  economy (i.e. paper money, for the most part).  Could a significant  underground digital economy develop if the aboveground digital economy  used only identified e-money?
Jim_Miller at suite.com
             The Internet is a land bridge for memes

@_date: 1996-01-18 10:08:57
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: Random Number Generators 
If you're going to work with hardware to get really random numbers, why not go to the back of any of several PC-type magazines, and order the radiation detector board that someone is hawking? Can't really do any better than that, can you? Counting cosmic ray hits and noting their time differentials should be just what the doctor ordered, right?
Sent: 	Wednesday, January 17, 1996 11:00
I'd say that the design you have picked has a couple of problems with
it. The first is that you are, from what I can tell, building a
synchronizer, which means that you may have metastability
problems. (Your diagram wasn't completely clear so I can't
Also, you are depending on a sloppy clock and a not sloppy clock
actually having the stated properties, which means you aren't really
generating randomness so much as hoping you can detect and exploit
it. As it is very hard to determine if a stream is really random, this
makes your life difficult.  Far better to try to use some analog
tricks in the circuit itself to generate the random numbers for
you. Of course, some of these end up producing metastability problems
of their own...
Can anyone point this guy at good texts on all of this? I've never
found one...

@_date: 1996-02-01 09:10:45
@_author: Kurt Buff (Volt Comp 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: FYR_wal 
perhaps it should, given that it will do about as well for its intended Sent: 	Wednesday, January 31, 1996 14:58
Shouldn't it be called:
    "The Great Firewall of China"? ;-)
