
@_date: 2002-08-02 08:06:35
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: modified consoles as disposable nodes 
Damn, first they came for my Furby.  Then they came for my Dreamcast.
Wait until the Dreamcasters get into stealth casemods..

@_date: 2002-07-01 20:06:28
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: biometric containment (privacy, fingerprints, dead utah 
So the neighbors of that dead blonde Utah jailbait volunteered their
fingerprints, presumably for discounting them, though possibly not.
In any case: how could a neighbor-friendly cypherpunk give
prints which were *not* entered into the Fed Oracle?
Only way I can think of is to physically control your deadtree print
and require the Feebs to manually enter the dozen topo-feature-locations
of your print from a memoryless measuring device, (eg, a glass lens and
reticle) in front of you, then take the print sheet with you.  How you
that the imaging system is memoryless is up to you.

@_date: 2002-07-07 07:13:54
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: TPM cost constraint [was: RE: Revenge of the WAVEoid] 
Adding the cost of an EMBASSY or SEE environment to the,>purchase of
every new PC is more than the market for bare-bones or even,>mid-range
PC's will bear.,>,>--Lucky,>
Too bad PCMCIA cardreaders aren't widespread, then a bank could give
away smartcards
which would be arguably more secure than browserware.

@_date: 2002-07-14 09:17:34
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Atmospheric noise & fair coin flipping 
Physics, chaos, the growth of initial uncertainty as systems evolve,
energy/time required to make measurements to arbitrary precision.
The rules of physics are those that don't change from time to time, or
place to place.
Certainly the e.g., wind speed does.
No, since 'anything through a whitener passes' these tests.
The integers (0, 1, 2..) fed into DES will pass.
(Equivalently) A low-entropy source fed into a hash will pass.
[Historical note: this is why Intel should make its raw RNG
data available in chips with whitened-output RNG functions]
To have a true RNG, You *must* have a physical understanding of the
of entropy whence you distill the pure bits (whether or not
you feed it into a whitener after distillation).  Precisely
because a 'black box' may be a deterministic (if you know
the secret) PRNG.  By 'distill' I mean reduce N bits to M,
N > M, in such a way as to increase the entropy of the
resultant M bits.
'Random' should be taken to mean 'ignorant of'.  It suffices
that we (and our adversary) are ignorant of the detailed conditions
inside a noise diode, unstable atomic nucleus, atmospheric
(or FM radio) noise receiver, etc.  Philosophical discussions about
randomness' ("Is there a deeper/smaller level of description in
which apparently-random events are based or emerge from?")
are beyond the scope of this rant.

@_date: 2002-07-14 09:26:20
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Which universe are we in? (tossing tennis balls into 
You mean "this particular *atom* will decay".
And while QM can't help you with a particular atom, it also doesn't say
that its impossible that knowledge of internal states of the atom
wouldn't help you predict its fragmentation.
Think about tossing tennis balls through spinning propellers.  You might
think you could
only characterize the translucent prop-disk by a certain probability
that the ball would get through
vs. get shredded.  ("Propeller mechanics")
But if you could see the phase of the prop as it spun, you could time
your tosses and predict which would get shredded.  But without that
high-speed strobe, you just think there's a disk where there's really a
spinning blade.

@_date: 2002-07-22 15:41:32
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: Are the Feds Wimps or What? 
Well, you showed it to them enough times, they believe you now :-)

@_date: 2002-07-24 18:27:44
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: warchalking on the Beeb 
Well, its official.  Warchalking (802.11x domain marking) appeared on
the US edition of the BBC News.  No hype re: anonymity & t*rr*r*sm &
& bears; a mention though of service-contract violations, and the gift
community concept.
Thank you Mr. Beeb.
(And all your privacy-invading TV IF locating white vans)

@_date: 2002-09-08 12:22:00
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: research & homeland insecurity 
(sent to AAAS members)
Dear AAAS Member:
As the anniversary of September 11th approaches, AAAS continues to
be engaged in issues that relate to national security and the role of
science and technology.  One such issue is the safe and responsible
conduct of research involving biological agents and toxins.
AAAS was recently asked by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) to
assist in alerting our members to the federal mandate (Public Law
requiring all facilities and persons that possess, use, or transfer
or toxins considered a threat to animals, plants, animal and plant
and/or public health (called "select agents") to notify the CDC and the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.  Approximately 200,000 facilities were
sent a copy of the notification form by the CDC.
The deadline for submitting a completed form to the CDC is September 10,
2002.  All entities that receive a copy of the form must comply, even if
they do not possess a select agent or toxin.  If you are in possession
a select agent or toxin and did not receive a form, you should call
toll-free number: 1-866-567-4232.
Further information on the select agent list, procedures for
and exemptions can be found at the following websites:
CDC: USDA: AAAS is initiating an effort to monitor the effects of new national
security initiatives on the research community.  In that regard, we'd be
pleased to hear about your experience, whether positive or negative,
in complying with this new federal mandate.  You can forward such
information to Dr. Mark Frankel, director of the AAAS Program on
Scientific Freedom, Responsibility and Law at mfrankel at aaas.org
Alan I. Leshner
Chief Executive Officer

@_date: 2002-09-08 12:54:20
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: police video surveillance of public schools; facerecog too 
SANTEE, Calif. -- As Mike Brooder pulls into the student parking lot
outside West Hills High School, wireless cameras record his face and
license plate--doing the same to every car that follows.
The cameras then track the 17-year-old senior as he walks up a concrete
path, studies his schedule, scratches his chin, waves to friends and
then wanders to class.
Nearly every move Brooder makes--and every move of his 2,300
classmates--is captured and stored in the campus' database.
Following last September's terrorist attacks and years of school
shootings, West Hills High sits on the cutting edge of the emerging
surveillance society.
Each bathroom door is monitored. Sensors that detect the smoke of a
single match send alerts to campus security.
By Christmas, four more cameras will be installed, and hall monitors
will carry wireless computers that can pull up a student's school
picture, class schedule and attendance record.
School officials are considering whether to expand the SkyWitness
surveillance system by adding facial recognition software that will
allow a computer to filter out who should--and who should not--be on
Technology, once viewed primarily as a learning tool, is building a wall
of electronic security on campus.
"People are saying they expected this to happen after the shootings and
the terrorists last year," said Brooder, an honor student who plays on
the school baseball team. "Still, it seems a little overwhelming and
And perhaps likely to become far more common--not just in schools, but
Schools are among the first to embrace new technology, often because
companies view campuses as perfect testing grounds before rolling
products out to corporate America.
For instance, one of the companies behind West Hills' system,
PacketVideo Corp., predicts that demand for products like SkyWitness
will grow, as people are tracked at factories, office parks,
stadiums--even places such as the Third Street Promenade shopping
district in Santa Monica.
Companies like the fact that students enjoy fewer constitutional
protections than adults and have lower expectations of privacy than
their parents.
For many students, such surveillance is standard, with cameras at every
bank ATM and many fast-food drive-throughs.
But the desire to protect has led to an erosion of individual privacy,
civil liberties advocates argue.
"Once privacy is gone, you can't get it back," said Dale Kelly Bankhead,
a spokeswoman for the ACLU of San Diego and Imperial counties. "This is
not just about schools, but about a broader social attitude."
Relying on such high-tech systems is an unusual move for high schools,
but is expected to become a more popular trend in the post-Sept, 11
world, said Kenneth S. Trump, president and chief executive of National
School Safety and Security Services, a Cleveland-based consulting firm.
At Tewksbury Memorial High School, about an hour outside Boston, the
push for security has gone so far as to result in a video-surveillance
system that lets both educators--and local police--watch the hallways.
"Cameras are everywhere someone wants to watch over," Trump said.
The technology at West Hills relies on advanced hardware, but basic,
off-the-shelf technology is already used by both parents and educators
to watch kids.
Software programs can take snapshots of every Web page they visit and
every e-mail they send.
Devices such as AutoWatch can be popped into an automobile and
programmed to record a car's speed, as well as times, dates and the
lengths of time it is driven. Cell-phone bills list the calls a student
makes and receives.
"You might call it control," said Joe Schramm, head of security at West
Hills. "We call it keeping the kids safe."
Tucked into the scrub-brush valley of Santee, West Hills High appears to
be nothing but safe.
The average SAT score is nearly 1100, and 70% of last year's seniors are
attending either a community college or a four-year institution this
fall. But West Hills High has not gone untouched by fear.
Less than three miles away, Charles "Andy" Williams went on a shooting
rampage last year, killing two students and wounding 13 others at
Santana High School.
The community was stunned when nearly two weeks later another student
launched a shooting spree at a different school in the Grossmont Union
High School District.
Jason Hoffman, 18, wounded five people at Granite Hills High School in
El Cajon.
Hoffman committed suicide while awaiting trial. Last month Williams was
sentenced to prison for 50 years to life.
Despite the violence, the school district was forced to cut its budget
across the board; the security group lost three of its 10 employees,
including two of the staff members who helped patrol the 76-acre West
Hills campus.
Hoping to offset the pain of the staff cuts, the district started to
look at technology it already had in place on its campuses and explore
how the tools could be used for security purposes, said Sue Mangiapane,
education global account manager for Cisco Systems Inc.
The San Jose computer giant had been hired to install the core routers,
switches and servers that formed the computer brain to link campuses
with the district's offices and, in turn, to the Internet.
Initially, the technology had been designed for instructional use, such
as creating digital lockers where students could store their electronic
art projects.
Then, the focus shifted toward security. At a technology conference this
spring, executives from Cisco and San Diego-based PacketVideo began
discussing the school shootings and tossing around ideas of how the
tragedies could have been avoided.
"Schools aren't a key security market for us," said James Carol,
chairman and co-founder of PacketVideo, a privately owned software
company that creates wireless video networks.
The company, along with Cisco and Sony, donated the equipment and
handled the installation of the $50,000 SkyWitness system.
"This was the right thing to do for a school that's essentially in our
backyard," Carol said.
The project at West Hills also provided the technology companies with a
test lab in which to develop and try out a security system that the
firms will ultimately market to corporate America and government
Already, PacketVideo's software is used by cell phone and technology
firms such as NTT DoCoMo in Japan and Siemens AG in Germany, and tapped
for private security projects.
Tech firms such as Microsoft Corp. and Apple Computer Co. have a long
history of donating software and hardware to schools. The motivation is
partly the push to be a corporate good citizen and partly the desire to
influence the consumer habits of future shoppers.
"If you want to stress-test a technology, particularly a security
system, a school is a good place," said Trump of National School Safety
and Security Services. "Most often, the biggest obstacle a company must
overcome is the issue of cost. If [the technology] is free, many schools
will be open to it."
Aiding the decision is the fact that minors have fewer rights than
adults, said John Pescatore, research director for security at the
industry-consulting firm Gartner.
"If the system gets too intrusive, the school and the technology
companies are likely to get fewer complaints and fewer legal actions
filed over it" than they would elsewhere, Pescatore said. "You can do
things on a school campus that you could never do in an office
Few of the students at West Hills or their parents knew about the new
surveillance system when classes began in late August.
The school's football team, the Wolf Pack, and the campus cheerleaders
had practiced on campus this summer and saw the cameras being installed.
Rumors flew, as word of the new technology became campus gossip.
Some students, carrying their bar-coded photo identification cards,
grumbled about the digital devices that tracked their every step.
But most wandered nonchalantly by the wireless cameras, ignoring the
"We're observed all the time," said senior Kimberly Schmidtke, 17. "It's
just that they're now taping us."
That such surveillance would not only be accepted but also embraced by
some teenagers marks a subtle cultural shift over public monitoring.
A few decades ago, students rallied against having their actions
recorded by authority figures.
But as camera technologies became cheaper and easier to use, they became
far more widely used, said Bankhead of the ACLU.
Digital cameras sit on top of home computers, peek out of mall ceilings
and take snapshots at gas station pumps.
Cities such as Simi Valley have approved grants to pay for cameras to
catch graffiti vandals, and dozens of towns nationwide use cameras to
capture drivers who speed through red lights.
"It's been so incremental, we almost didn't notice such monitoring of
our lives was happening," Bankhead said. "We don't even know it's there.
The more it's there, the more it seems to make sense to people."
In the first few days of school, only a few parents voiced
complaints--not about the technology itself, but that the district had
not informed them that the system would be put into use.
"For something so significant, it's the district's responsibility to
disclose what they're doing," said Patty Everts, 50, while waiting
Monday to pick up her daughter at West Hills. "We knew there was new
technology on the campus that was being upgraded. Most people assumed it
was for educational purposes, not security."
School officials plan to send a letter out to parents next month "as
soon as we know the full potential of how we are going to use this
technology," said Principal Jim Peabody. "The technology will help us
keep kids safe and keep out people who shouldn't be on this campus."
But the security system could not have prevented last year's school
rampages, because the shooters were not people who didn't belong on
Reliance on such technology to attempt the creation of a protective wall
horrifies privacy proponents, who insist that the West Hills system is
not only invasive, but also gives parents and school officials a false
sense of security.
"No one's even asking the question: Is this truly going to make my child
safer?" Bankhead said.
To 66-year-old grandfather Jerry Parli, the answer is moot. Lingering at
the entrance of West Hills, he sat patiently in the hot August
afternoon, waiting to pick up his two granddaughters.
"It's about time they do something like this," he said. "It's a terrible
thing, but it's time to embrace Big Brother."
"Well, as long as everyone's videotaping everyone else, I guess justice
will be done"
Marge Simpson

@_date: 2002-09-08 13:14:17
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: seeking information for Tired News article 
We're all just voices in TM's head..
Dogthinker seeks Alpha Cat.
Which?  WN is widely considered lame ('tired' to you) esp. since Declan
On the other hand, publicity can attract contentful participants.  Also
trolling feds and folks looking for help with homework.
Well a few authors have gotten free plane trips & bed & board at the
expense.. some even came back after it was over.
Any such "alliance" would require a Group Consensus -
True 'nuff.  Now ask us about protocols which let you determine a
well, that's tasty.
end of
And 'we' should 'trust' "you" *why* ??  (Ho-ho, list relevence!
Explain/define the
scare-quotes!  For extra credit, explain how protocols might avoid

@_date: 2002-09-08 13:41:10
@_author: Optimizzin Al-gorithym 
@_subject: opsec hint: don't give classified into to Moussaoui 
US accidentally gave Moussaoui classified information on
  al-Qaeda: report
  September 07, 2002, 11:09 PM
                WASHINGTON (AFP) - The US government accidentally gave
                Zacarias Moussaoui, the only person charged in
connection with the
                September 11 attacks, classified information about
al-Qaeda, ABC
                News reported.
                The documents and computer disks were mistakenly handed
over to
                Moussaoui along with materials the government is
required to
                furnish for his legal defense, several legal sources,
including one at
  the Justice Department, told the network Friday. Moussaoui is serving
as his own
  counsel.
