
@_date: 2011-06-20 19:27:34
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
That wasn't Bitcoin itself, just mtgox, the biggest exchange. Somebody
hacked an account and sold a heap of bitcoins at a negligble price, so
the exchange froze itself before the USD were actually cashed out and is
resetting to the state before the exploit...
There's been a few bitcoin heists, down to the usual computer security
issues; bitcoin itself has, interestingly, remained unbroken, which
bodes well for its underlying security. The mtgox heist could have
happened just as well with any online banking system; it's just that the
bitcoin economy rather new, so there's lots of little bit players
suddenly finding themselves transferring hundreds of thousands of
dollars without having the expertise or capital to build the kinds of
security that banks do...
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-06-21 11:31:55
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
Sure, but my point was that this wasn't a flaw in the bitcoin system
itself. Yes, the value of bitcoin is defined by its external exchanges,
but *bitcoin* is a system for tracking the ownership of resources in a
distributed manner - which is a difficult problem that it, so far, seems
to have solved securely.
For sure. However, it's got to start somewhere.
Why shouldn't it? The bitcoin economy is tiny; Mt Gox dominates it like
the Bank of England dominates GBP. However, Mt Gox has no de jure power,
and in due course, competitors will challenge it, thereby decentralising
the economy again.
I hole 18 bitcoins; I'm not too worried that it's dropped like that -
because I think it'll rise again. In fact, now would be a good time to
buy some more...
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-06-23 10:31:04
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
I'd say there's multiple layers. "Bitcoin" is defined by name in a paper
describing the crypto algorithms. But there's a "bitcoin economy" that
is based around bitcoin itself, plus a number of traders who will swap
bitcoins for things (some of those things being other currencies). Then
there's a "bitcoin community" that encompasses those traders as well as
mere players in the market, interested parties, pundit bloggers...
Bitcoin itself seems to be weathering the recent turmoil of the bitcoin
economy well. The economy is in tatters because it's small and immature,
but such things can only be grown upwards from tiny seeds, so this is a
hard-to-avoid stage of growing pains. Whether it will succeed or not
remains to be seen, but even if the bitcoin *economy* fails, bitcoin
itself may well still succeed, perhaps by finding a new application in
more limited economies... we'll see.
Who knows? It's the only decentralized algorithm I've seen yet for
*electronic* currency (gold/diamonds/etc work in the Real World).
That's hard to predict... let's wait and see!
Communications interception powers vs. Tor and VPNs, mainly
That's complex :-)
It's hard to say... People need to think of more electronic currency
systems so they can be compared. Digital bearer cash has never quite
taken off, for mainly commercial reasons. The decentralisation of
Bitcoin seems to be an important factor.
Not necessarily
It's been tried, and not taken off; but if the exact reasons why can be
pinned down sufficiently, and fixes found, they may have legs in the
long run.
Yep! But I think we need to watch and see for now... stuff is happening
faster than people seem able to reason about it :-)
It'd be nice if something better could be designed, but as I see it,
while currencies can be designed, economies and communities are complex
dynamical systems that have to *evolve*.
Exactly... I wouldn't bet my life savings on it, but it's an interesting
gamble, and an investment into something that could lead to an
interesting new economy if it takes off :-)
There's not much I actually want to buy with bitcoins, but I try and
spend them when I can, to encourage the actual merchants into the market
- all this currency speculation is well and good, but I'd like more of
an actual products market. I've bought a "I bought this badge with a
bitcoin!" badge from nerdmeritbadges.com, and donated a few bitcents to
some folks who were doing good work for the community; but most of the
fun stuff for sale in BTC is in the States (bitmunchies.com and the
alpaca socks people), while the same products can be had a LOT nearer me...
Quite. We're mainly disagreeing over terminology ;-)
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-05-16 11:06:59
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
What do you folks think about Bitcoin? It looks interesting, in that
it's a digital currency with no trusted third parties, and all the
"rules" (such as: you can't just print your own money) enforced by the
fact that only transactions which the majority of computers in the
system accept get considered "accepted" globally.
There's a process to create new money, which is basically allocated to
people via a lottery (and you increase your chances of winning by
contributing more CPU power to the algorithms that prevent people
cheating, so there's a nice feedback loop), such that the amount of
money in the system will, in the long run, tend towards a fixed amount,
that will just increases in value by deflating as the economy grows.
I've written some thoughts on the implications:
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-05-17 11:04:25
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
Yeah, bitcoins can be divided into 10^8 little bits - and after that,
there's already plans to introduce further subdivision. In case of
It means "the current bounty for finding a flaw in the cryptographic
basis of bitcoin is about $209 million" :-)
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-05-17 11:06:48
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
Ah, the limit isn't done like that. 50 bitcoin are generated about every
10 minutes, period. The more CPU time you put in, the larger a *share*
of that you get, but the global rate remains the same.
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-05-17 12:09:43
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
Well, the more CPU *time*.
Technically, to mine bitcoin, you're racing to be the first to find a
number that, when combined with the details of a bunch of pending
transactions with a complicated function (SHA-256, for the tecchies out
there), is less than a target.
So you set your CPU trying random numbers, feeding them along with a
heap of pending transactions into SHA-256, and seeing if the output is
below the target.
If it is, you advertise that fact to the network, and you get to spend
50 bitcoin as you see fit.
However, it takes something like 2^47 attempts (each attempt is called a
"hash") to find an output below the target. My MacBook pro can do about
a million - 2^20 - per second, meaning it'd take 2^27 seconds, or about
1500 days, to find one. On average. I might get lucky and find one right
away. Or I might not, and take five times that long.
So if I put twice as many CPUs in, I could do it in about half the time
(on average). Either way, for my kind of CPU, it takes about 1500 days
of time to "win a block". If I split that between 1500 CPUs, I can win a
block a day! As the system adjusts the difficulty of the target so that,
on average, six blocks are won per hour, one per day would give me 1/144
of the entire creation rate of new bitcoins...
In practice, the "miners" (people who set out to win blocks) don't use
CPUs; they use GPUs (as found on video cards). Certain brands of GPU
(ATI ones, it seems) are good at the maths required for SHA-256, so they
put loads of graphics cards into their PCs and set them trying out
random numbers until they get a 'win'.
Even then, it'd still take them weeks... so what most do is to join
"pools" and get their systems to cooperate with others. The pool
measures how much they're contributing, by them sending the pool
evidence of near-misses (results they get that approach the target, but
don't make it), by which the pool works out how much CPU time each
member is putting in; when somebody in the pool wins the block, the
money goes to the pool (and the pool can check that!), so the pool
splits it proportionally by how much CPU time was contributed.
Really, it's all like a lottery; and the miners get their systems
entering the lottery a billion times per second.
Currently, the bitcoin network produces about 1.5 trillion hashes per
second, total. So somebody managing a billion a second, in a mining
pool, earns about a 1500th of the total "income" of new bitcoin - 50
every ten minutes...
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-05-17 17:25:22
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
Alas no! The design of the system is all about global consensus - more
than 50% of the hashing capacity needs to agree for stuff to happen.
There's nobody to whack with a wrench - it'd cost more to go and whack
each pimply nerd with a basement full of computers than to just buy more
computers ;-)
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-05-18 11:04:49
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
Yep. Should interference be detected, there is also scope to ban the big
supercomputers and then edit it out of history - given consensus that
this should be done.
Yep. I've written about this, and many people have suggested that Tor is
a way around that: see
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-05-18 11:07:14
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
It's not quite "amount of nodes" as "CPU capacity". You'd need to have
more than 50% of the processing capacity of the system to consistently
win the "races" to find the next block. Currently, the system is going
at about 1.5 trillion hashes per second (my macbook does about 1 million
per second, for comparison). So an attacker would need a
not-inconsiderable heap of real hardware, rather than just a load of
virtual nodes. Within their capacity for sure, but still not something
they'll do lightly.
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2011-05-18 12:21:17
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Bitcoin 
That's largely my point in the blog post...
...which is IMHO a good thing as:
Bitcoin being not very anonymous against concerted attackers will make
it less attractive to Evil People, so it'll be legitimised and
(hopefully) not destroyed by governments.
I know what you mean about those German geeks, but there's plenty of
British ones too - they tend to be the tall, thin ones with ponytails!
Alaric Snell-Pym

@_date: 2013-04-02 13:47:45
@_author: Alaric Snell-Pym 
@_subject: [silk] Introduction 
Hash: SHA1
Good! Perhaps you will have something to say about a matter I've been
turning over in my head lately!
I'm interested in Bitcoin. Why? Because I think there's a lot of
inefficiency and injustice in the way traditional financial systems
(banks, currencies, and markets) are built: they're heavily centralised
and monopolised and entangled with politics and other vested interests.
But I'm far from certain that Bitcoin will be a panacea here. Precisely
because it is decentralised and purely under the control of
dispassionate algorithms, it is open to different kinds of abuse. The
initial distribution is hardly "fair" (no matter how you define fair),
although I don't think a better distribution mechanism could have been
defined; but will it even out with time? Or will we find new
centralisation, in the form of important market functions (eg, the kinds
of roles that banks fill) being monopolised by the few who have the
capital to run them?
There's a centralisation risk in the mining power being monopolised;
somebody who controls more than half of the computational power in the
mining network, for instance, could just write their own rules (creating
bitcoins out of nothing or stealing bitcoins from other people, for a
There's also a danger of governments stepping in and regulating Bitcoin
in ways that make it a slave to the incumbent financial system.
But there's also the chance for truly independent economic institutions
to form, fighting each other for trust and market share by actually
competing, with reputation being the most important capital, meaning
that anyone with a good idea can implement it and earn from it; and
reduced transaction fees and censorship making it easier to do business
from developing economies (look PayPal blacklists entire
countries); and stuff like that.
So what can nerds like me do to try and make sure the world gets the
benefits of a decentralised currency, and that good outweighing the
costs of it being used for tax evasion, trading in unethical things, or
ending up ensnared by central control in one way or another?
