
@_date: 2005-12-13 08:41:56
@_author: Alen Peacock 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] p2p in some place or other 
Neat ideas.  Like you, I'm a big believer in incentive-based decisions.
  I just peaked at your "Cooperation in Decentralized Networks" paper,
and I notice that you do require exchange of public keys,
authentication with those keys, and some sort of history of
reciprocation, no?  This is what I'm talking about when I say
'identity' and 'trust'.  Each node has to be able to positively
certify the identities of other nodes, and what you seem to be
building is essentially a trust system built on top of those strong
identities.  Without the ability to certify node identities, you'd
have a system that was very susceptible to imposter nodes leeching
resources (in the form of reciprocation) that they hadn't earned,
  Perhaps I confused the issue by using the word 'identity,' which in
some circles is used only to talk about the concept of linking a
virtual presence to a meatspace entity.  That isn't what I intended.
What I meant was exactly what you describe: use of assymetric keys to
establish and prove peer IDs, use of those IDs to learn something
about the behavior of other agents in the network, and use of that
knowledge to make appropriate incentive-based decisions.
  Well, I don't know if my semantics are standard, but the concept of
'fairness' I was thinking of was one that was purposely broad -- an
umbrella under which 'mutual benefit' is certainly an essential piece.
  Alen
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at zgp.org
Here is a web page listing P2P Conferences:
Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2011-01-20 16:43:23
@_author: Alen Peacock 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] NAT traversal state of the art 
A question for those who've built NAT traversal for their apps in the
past: If you were starting from scratch today, how would you do it? Is
there a library you think has everything you need (libjingle, pjnath,
amicima, socialvpn, etc)? Or would you roll your own, perhaps
implementing ANTS
( instead of
ICE? What if you need super-high success rates for direct connectivity
Would you use libutp ( or
libjingle's psuedo-tcp classes, or some other, or just use plain UDP
and manage segmentation/retransmit/reordering yourself?
I know this is a well trodden topic in p2p-hackers, but things change
quickly, and although most of the above have been mentioned in passing
in the past year here, I haven't seen a good drag-down, knock-out,
"Here's the Best Way To Do It" discussion in a while. Any takers?
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com
