
@_date: 2012-06-17 11:59:23
@_author: Alex Comninos 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Ethiopia criminalizes Skype? 
Seeing as Addis is the seat of the African Union, there are two scenarios
1. Business as usual at The African Union will be severely impaired.
2. This will be unevenly implemented, with expatriates and AU officials
informally exempt.
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-11-12 10:22:14
@_author: Alex Comninos 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Baku attendees compromised 
I really have a problem with Ryan Heath's allegations not being backed
up by disclosure/evidence. I think it was not very diplomatic and
undermines Neelie Kroes's good work recently done in Baku which
consisted of evidence-based statements.
I have just come back from Baku and have witnessed first hand some of
the governments activities there (e.g. trying to stop dissemination of
publications on freedom of expression in the country). While I do not
discount at all the incident as a possibility, I think however such a
blatant hack would be contrary to the legitimation strategies the
Azerbaijani government was trying to pursue there.
I look forward to further disclosure and evidence. I hope also the
Azerbaijani government is not going to narrate Heath's allegations as
being part of the "fiction" (in the words of an official in the
closing ceremony) of foreign governments and NGOs operating there.
Me and many others have asked him (via Twitter) for further evidence,
as well as a description at least of the symptoms, but none is
Let us focus more on Kroes's statements as well as the statements of
Azerbaijani activists, e.g.
On 10 November 2012 23:43, John Scott-Railton
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2012-11-12 10:42:51
@_author: Alex Comninos 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Baku attendees compromised 
My quotes about "fiction" was not from the closing ceremony, but by an
official from the presidency
my point is unsubstantiated hacking claims feeds the Azerbaijani's
government claims about "fictions" regarding internet freedom in Az.
Perhaps it is stupid to pursue this, I just want diplomats to be
diplomatic and responsible. I think evidence, rather than sabre
rattling is important in international cybersecurity incidents.
On 10 November 2012 23:43, John Scott-Railton
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
