
@_date: 2012-08-06 20:53:48
@_author: Ali-Reza Anghaie 
@_subject: [liberationtech] What I've learned from Cryptocat 
The problem isn't that your type is few and far between - the problem
is that InfoSec has almost wholly ignored ESTABLISHED activists. As if
the techniques, acceptable risk levels, etc. are new issues. They're
simply not.
It's been my experience that providing these risks in-band is just not
doable - and the target end-users don't have time to worry about it.
So OPSEC has to be something that tools like Cryptocat don't assume
responsibility for. These is InfoSec sacrilege but it's the way
activists have traditionally had to work in the first place. As an
example, lets say w/ Iran, you're never - ever - going to be able to
address the OPSEC concerns of a given Internet cafe. What you can do
instead is provide a tool that works from every possible cafe and
trust the end-user to manage the OPSEC of their surroundings such that
perimeter controls, MITM risks, etc. are mitigated another way.
If that's not tenable for Nadim or his particular crowd then a shift
from developer to activist needs to be made. Just like any other
process, the product isn't out their for product's sake - it has
"customers".. and it's not those people who think they need an easier
lazier option to setting up OTR or PGP.
BTW, you're not without understanding and support in the Security
community. Meredith Patterson among others have batted this around
with me on Twitter - and understand the economics of the situation
Good luck Nadim and friends, -Ali
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-12-12 01:06:05
@_author: Ali-Reza Anghaie 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Mailvelope: OpenPGP Encryption for Webmail 
You just jogged my memory w/ the clipboard bit..
Another project in the mix. -Ali
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-02-15 10:19:55
@_author: Ali-Reza Anghaie 
@_subject: [cryptography] Fwd: Answers to some of your questions (Silent 
This was circulated on libtech and here it is for your consideration too.
It confirms some of the ramblings on the pad, disposes of some others, ..
Also attached is a condensed version of the pad after "summary" was
put at the top.
Cheers, -Ali
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hi, Ali-Reza.
I saw your pastebit with some questions, and let me answer. You may
repost this mail to liberation tech or anywhere else.
* A Latvian company wrote most of the software, not SilentCircle
When we formed Silent Circle, we looked around for people to partner
with. We selected Tivi because they're really cool people -- I used
their ZRTP-enabled VOIP client back in the days when I had a Nokia
N95. We picked them in part because they were willing to release
source code. (Other potential partners were not willing.)
Our partnership with them includes that code base, and that they work
for us full-time now. They're some of our main developers now.
I have a bit of a raised eyebrow at this comment. (Yes, I know it's
not your words, you're also explaining.) It sounds to me like whoever
is making that comment is implying that there's something wrong with
Latvia. Riga was for many, many years a center of European high-tech
until the dark days of WWII and Soviet occupation. It's a lovely place
filled with incredibly smart, friendly people. It is a part of the EU,
and also a NATO nation. Our team in Riga. We picked them because they
Perhaps the comment comes from the fact that they were in business
before our partnership. It's relatively common in high-tech that
companies enter into partnerships with others. Google, Microsoft,
Apple, Facebook, and others often use some sort of relationship like
this to get software or technologies that they didn't have, so that it
speeds up development. We are hardly unique in this.
Perhaps I don't understand. If someone could explain the objection to
me, I'm happy to address it further.
* Application is designed for VoIP, not specifically for Security
It's a secure VOIP client. Because of its history, there's a lot of
latent capability in it that is VOIP related. Is there an actual
question or objection?
* It does use an outdated SSL library (PolarSSL 1.1.1) with some known
security vulnerabilities ?
No, we're using PolarSSL 1.1.4. We did not include the PolarSSL code
in the drop because we didn't want to figure out the licensing
* It does not use LibZRTP by Philip Zimmermann used in Zfone but ZRTPCPP
That is correct. We're using Werner Dittmann's library. We like it. We
like it so much that Werner is working for us. Werner rocks.
* It does use an outdated version of ZRTPCPP library?
I don't believe so. If anything, we're using a version of it that is
newer than anyone else's; Werner works for us, now.
Should we need release a new version, we will.
* It does reveal their test/development server?
- "I wonder if they are hiring new iOS devs now?"
Yes, we are. We also need Android devs, and need them more than iOS
devs. Feel free to send risumis to . Note that
we are a highly-distributed company with developers and staff
stretched from Latvia to Greece, to the Pacific West. Location almost
does not matter. 31337 skillz do.
I will also note that the code of the VOIP system is the same across
all our apps. It gets compiled for iOS and Android, as well as Windows
(Silent Eyes). Each OS has its own UX skin on top of the code VOIP
- "I'd say anything that gets Silent Circle to actually answer
questions proper is useful, if that is the result."
Feel free to send questions to me, or to "security at silentcircle.com"
* In ./silentphone/tiviengine/prov.cpp there is some kind of
provisioning protocols, used probably to auto-configure the voip
Good catch! Yes, indeed, we provision the clients ourselves. Silent
Circle is a *SERVICE* not an app.
* It should be evaluated the capability for a government
censoring/filtering host to block the user out by blocking
accounts.silentcircle.com or sccps.silentcircle.com. Maybe some
dynamic methods is in place?
We'd love to hear suggestions. If someone's suggestion is particularly
clever, feel free to attach a risumi.
* It should be asked what are the privacy handling for those data and
if those can be additionally "privacy enforced" .
Feel free to ask. I don't understand the question, myself.
* QUESTION: What this certificate is used for ?
TODO: We should check to see if this certificate is used for TLS
Validation? If so that's cool, that it does not rely on third party
Got it in one! Thank you for thinking it's cool.
Again, feel free to forward this mail to anyone, and I'm happy to
entertain questions from anyone.
        Jon
Jon Callas
Chief Technical Officer
Silent Circle, LLC
email: jon at silentcircle.com Silent Phone: jon
NOTE: The original pad is being vadalized. A backup of the content, before nonsense, of that pad can be had at  for background reading. A Summary of the useful parts of that pad is:
- The TiViPhone base appears to be an acquisition by SilentCircle and the (c) reflects that. Also a number of the TiViPhone employees are SC employees.
- The ZRTPCPP library being used is also maintained primarily by a SC employee and is not entirely unrelated.
- We do not have a clear source vs binary tree relationship here and can't vouch that the code that has been released is a fully accurate representation of the product Silent Circle has shipped.
What remains below is now the "meat" of the interesting discussion.
CODE: * It does use an outdated SSL library (PolarSSL 1.1.1) with some known security vulnerabilities ?
        ???    Latest version is 1.2.5 (2013-02-02), the project seems very active as 1.1.1 has been released 2012-01-23
        ???    PolarSSL Security Advisory:  (most recent advisory Feb 2nd) .
        ???    PolarSSL Changelog          ???    they embed 1.1.1 and 1.1.4 in libs, but I only find 1.1.1 usage in the code
        ???    TODO: It should be checked in details if that 1.1.1 is vuln and/or patched to some of the advisory.
        ???    ^--- PolarSSL 1.1.1 suffers from "Weak Diffie-Hellman and RSA key generation":         ???    Easily a non-issue as w/ many other projects. Verifying against binaries is tougher. The updated codebase that was uploaded does not appear to show signs of back-ported patching so they keep upgrading the version they use - perfectly reasonable as long as we can get an idea of what is exactly used in each subsequent release to the App Store and Google Play.
* It does use an outdated version of ZRTPCPP library?
  Looking at libs/zrtp/Changelog it does use ZRTPCPP 1.5.2 version (released on 05-Dec-2010).
  Latests version is libzrtpcpp 2.3.2 (released on 20-Nov-2012)
  ZRTPCPP 1.5/1.6/2.3 download:  .
* It does reveal their test/development server?
  In the file ./apple/ios/VoipPhone/settings.txt there is the hostname fs-devel.silentcircle.org with ip 50.116.49.43
   Do we have that code too? It would be nice to have a full development enviornment to play with / even a fake one would have its uses.
   That's a nice inquiry. It would be also very interesting, while i think it's not doable technically for smartphone platforms's constraints, to have "Deterministic Building" to always have the exact checksum of files given the same build process repeated in the same environment (Unfortunately that's an hard topic, due to various timestamps and stuff that linked put into the executable files).//AppStore binaries are encrypted/heavily obfusticated... right, proving the released binary match the released source code is hard.
Unless the build is reproducible and verifiable, releasing the source is pretty meaningless. <-- THIS <--- Seconded
A release of source against each App Store or Google Play edition seems to be in order - that isn't unlike other projects spreading legs on both sides of the App Store and FOSS fence.
TODO: It would be nice if someone could share an url with a backup of an "Installed and configured SilentCircle" to look at!.
I am trying to read some code. They are just a peice of mess. Like this: smartphone/codecs/vTiVi/ep.cpp. It is like something from a decompiler (even the indentation didn't conform)+1 definitely not iOS devs
Like this: (this is a library search path for one of the libs) "$(SRCROOT)/../../../../../Library/Developer/Xcode/DerivedData/werner_zrtp-gibkbzjaoguukggnpjvrvnwattfm/Build/Products/Debug-iphoneos"  leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820  8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
