
@_date: 1993-08-05 21:55:33
@_author: an12070@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Wayner's Wonderland 
Mr. Wayner posts thoughtful descriptions and reflections on the CSSPAB
proceedings. While I want to express my appreciation for this
interesting and revealing glimpse and encourage future postings in the
same vein, there are some deeply upsetting views and grating,
gratuitous benedictions expressed therein that would sound worse than
fingernails on a chalkboard for any hard core cypherpunk. Following is
mostly vitriolic and sarcastic flame; feel free to ignore it; you've been warned.
* * *
Peter Wayner quasi-legal? and the NSA was there? how apropos!
This is precisely the fluffery and facade we are *not* impressed with.
The very Cream of the NSA, the brilliant minds who brought you Clipper and DSA.
but you see, that is the problem. As P. Ferguson wrote, ` `National
security': the root password to the Constitution.'
Hm, do you think they felt the same about DES? DSA? decreasing key size
makes me wonder at night...
Reminds me of the trembling, pale kid at the front of the classroom
giving a book report, reading aloud from a blank page. He didn't do his
homework. Not only that, but it's the wrong assignment. No matter, he's
about to be expelled anyway.
This key escrow system is as solid as oozing phlegm. In the Official
Announcement we hear of a new Key Escrow System. Hm, what's it about?
Apparently not a Key Escrow System, from what I can figure out. Denning
scrambles out with some bizarre circumlocution soon after the
announcement that is supposedly now Null and Void, and we have this
grand new system with the Magic Eavesdropping Box. How are we to be
sure that this Box is secure? Why, it utilizes a Secure Chip inside.
What about the Chip? Why, there are Secure Atoms and Electrons,
assuredly in the Proper Places with Correct Clearance, as designated by
The Grand Holiness.
Gee, I missed something there somewhere. `Not fully designed' but
`difficult to subvert' because of all the `nice technological checks'.
Yes, I would bet my life on that.
their amateurism is frightening and pathetic. The lesson is not that it
is `a new challenge' but a outrageous violation of their authority. I'm
quite nauseated that someone here would succumb  to their transparent
and shifty rhetoric.  They have no legal authority whatsoever in
proposing this. They still fail to grasp this simple fact, despite a
bludgeoning CPSR lawsuit slaps and FOIA jabs. It is a wonder they have
stopped hiding behind the legs of the President.
Ah, but we have the Official Announcement from Mr. Clinton explaining
how it would be used to catch `criminals, drug dealers, and
terrorists'! How are we to reconcile this bizarre twist? This is all so
grotesque, so Orwellian, so wretched, so horribly nightmarish... we
have the Key Escrow Initiative with everything but the Key Escrow read,
to catch all the Criminals who aren't Criminals.
what a fantastic revelation! when did you come to this epiphany?
what a ...
what a ...
gosh, it would make sense for the NSA to propose Clipper for a scenario
like that! what a coincidence!
what a ...
`traditional way of controlling'? more like the `past method of manipulation'!
what a ...
It is the big, lumbering one called NSA that is already in *deep* trouble.
[ sheriffs, district attorneys, FBI agents]
sorry, they don't have a choice in the matter.
oh, perhaps you are proposing it shouldn't be a `hassle' or a
`expensive'. Let me tell you, infringing on rights better DAMN WELL be
more than a `hassle'!
bless you. Now I only feel 95% like strangling you.
who is `we'? what do you mean by `allow'? this terminology presupposes
the fact that you, the NSA, or anyone else has the capability to control it.
ultimately a net gain, IMHO.  There is far more to gain from protection
of businesses and private mail than any increased evasive power given
to criminals. The point is, we can catch criminals without illegitimate
crutches like wiretapping. In fact, I think wiretapping ultimately
encourages laziness and inefficiency in law enforcement and
investigative/detective work. We stand to gain a more efficient law
enforcement system when it is ultimately rendered impossible.
for any true cypherpunk, it is not.

@_date: 1993-08-15 19:42:02
@_author: an12070@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: `Stalled' Progress 
we've accomplished a great deal as cypherpunks so far, but major
obstacles are in place of our ambitious goals. here are some critical factors:
* it is extremely difficult find sites willing to donate computer
cycles, space, and management despite that it is rather abundant in the
world. virtually every cypherpunk idea requires some cycles & space
somewhere. building up all these things on student accounts is
commendable but a foundation of quicksand in the long run. rumor has it
even soda.berkeley.edu ftp site (perhaps the most critical cypherpunk
element other than the mailing list) is being run off a student
account. ideally a list of volunteering sites could be created and
individual cypherpunks could contact the sites independently.
* the internet itself is very hostile in general to most cypherpunk
ideas, including digital cash, anonymous remailing, etc. because of
nonuniform policies and general resentment and taboos on anything
commercial. to some degree only prototypes can be created in this
atmosphere, but even prototypes of our most critical ideas are lacking.
great attention should be placed on identifying and cultivating
emerging networks where commercialism is officially sanctioned and encouraged.
* the `i thought you were doing that' factor. with no organization and
coordination, the effort and energy of the group is needlessly
dissipated and tragically wasted. in fact, many cypherpunks have
philosophies that are exceedingly antagonistic toward and distrustful
of any oversight or coordination, and frequently assume that others are
making progress in some area when in fact no one is.
* to a large degree, despite the commandment `cypherpunks write code',
the `cypherpunks' have always gained their cohesion more from political
ideology than implementing tangible systems.

@_date: 1993-12-04 07:23:02
@_author: Pablo Escobar 
@_subject: The Darkness of Hell 
I was watching the evening news a few nights ago, and Peter Jennings
started the show by saying `The king is dead'. Is he? Something
extremely symbolic seems to have passed with the death of the world's
most fiendish drugpin, Pablo Escobar. The Medellin Cartel is in
shambles and the Cali Cartel has taken over in its place. The Medellin
Cartel was infamous for its bloody terrorism. Escobar supposedly was
even ordering murders from his luxurious prison. Judges, reporters,
politicians, presidential candidates, all were viciously murdered in
the Medellin `narcoterrorist' campaign. The Cali Cartel is by no means
a `kinder and gentler' trafficking organization but they have much less
blood on their hands and supposedly prefer bribery to bloody murder. An
analyst on the news suggested of course that the Cali Cartel was not
going to crumble any time soon, but that this assassination of Escobar
was significant `psychic leverage'.
I've been thinking about drugs lately. It seems to me there is an
interesting overlap in the subversive radical libertarians,
cryptoanarchists, and psychopunks who advocate pseudospoofing and those
who advocate (or at least tolerate) drug use. We have the same
arguments about drugs as we do about pseudoanonymity. `It's a
liberating experience.' `It's hopeless to attempt to prevent it.'
`Nobody gives a damn if it is widespread.' `People should have a right
to privacy.' Masked in all these arguments are very evil sentiments and
the philosophy that `that which cannot be enforced should not be
prohibited'. (I forget who said that.) The drug practitioners likewise
mask their true agenda in pompous rhetoric about `the positive
environmental influence and diverse uses of hemp' when there is really
only one use their are interested in: getting stoned.
* * *
The corruption and poison associated with drugs in respectable
organizations can be legendary. I once worked at a company for a year,
and found out to my utter dismay when I left that there was an active drug conspiracy within the company. This was a highly reputable
computer reseller in the Denver area, with major clients such as
U.S.West, and expanding very rapidly (they went public when I was
working there). I found that this conspiracy penetrated to the very
highest levels of the company, to the top salesman and founder himself!
I worked in a technical department and my supervisor flabbergasted me
with these revelations one day over lunch. I was absolutely
dumbfounded. He told me how one of his employees felt he had the right
to sneak out of the building and take pot-breaks in his car when he was
most stressed out. The supervisor didn't have the authority to fire
him. In fact, if he did, he himself might have been sacked instead for
his anti-drug stance in the face of a company that was `rotten to the core'.
The supervisor told me of a female employee who had a drug dealing
boyfriend. She took in the marijuana into the company and people from
around the company stopped into her office to pick up envelopes
containing their drugs. Another supervisor, my boss explained to me,
had a very serious cocaine habit too. It all fell into place. One day
the cocaine addict was absolutely jumping around, something like a
headless fowl, like the shocking fellow soldier whose sheer stupidity
puts the life of everyone in the group at deadly dangerous risk. He
said something very bizarre to me, `so Lance, just HOW ARE YOU FEELING
TODAY?' The strange tone was entirely uncharacteristic of him, and I
was baffled at the time, but after the revelation from my boss it clicked. I had flown to Alberqueque NM with the same drug addict supervisor, and
remember the flight back. The guy stopped in the bathroom and kept me
waiting for about 10 minutes. I was really wondering what was taking so
long! I realize now he was getting stoned to get on the plane. I wonder
when he was stoned when I was working with him on the very sensitive
network installation we barely pulled off from all kinds of fiascos. He
told me that he couldn't have done it without me. I wonder if we should
have done it without him.
The NM trip was my first business trip. I was ecstatic and extremely
nervous at the time. Many things could have gone wrong and many did,
but I came back with a feeling of satisfaction. Today, after coming to
the realization of the sheer corrupt ineptitude of my coworkers, I look
back on the affair as tinged with a black evil. I resent the vice of
these people that dirties my positive memories about the trip. In fact,
my esteem for my whole association with the company and many fond
memories have been veiled in disappointing sadness.
I remember another technician complaining about `Melody', the lady who
was distributing the drugs. He said that he wanted a job out of the
company as an on-site technician for U.S. West. He was extremely
bitter, but whatever I tried I could not get him to tell me why he was
so upset. He was holding out on me, like everyone else in the company.
Everyone knew I was squeaky clean and even the clean fringes that
touched the blackness kept their knowledge of the conspiracy to
themselves. I don't appreciate his holding the truth from me. It was my
right to know.
Melody was quite the airhead. She was required to pick me up in the
company car daily. She frequently missed the appointment, and I often
had to call her after waiting and wasting 20 or 30 minutes. Sometimes,
just as I was about to call she showed up. Other times, she did not
show up even after I called her. One day I got really exasperated after
she failed to show up after I called her. I began the long
hour-and-a-half walk to the office from where I was. I stayed off the
route she would take so that she could not find me.
When I got to the office she was extremely upset. But she also made me
feel very guilty, like the whole thing was my fault, like a mother
scolding her son. `Where WERE YOU?' `I looked all over for you!' she
said. `I couldn't find you anywhere!' For a week she was more prompt
but fell back into her old patterns of irresponsibility and neglect.
She didn't really change at all.
Melody was taking me to work one day in the company car, and seemed to
be very distracted. I was daydreaming out the window of the passenger
side in the front. We were making a left turn in the intersection, and
were first in line, waiting for the arrow. The right lane of the
oncoming traffic to our left of the intersection was empty, but cars in
the distance were slowing to stop at the red light. I watched in utter
slow-motion she's-not-really-going-to-do-it horror as she made the left
turn into the left side of the median, driving into oncoming traffic.
She snapped out of it when she saw the oncoming semi truck.
The semi truck saw us, as well as the other cars in the intersection,
and they slowed, and I breathed in cracked relief. I shook and buried
my face in my hands in utter embarrassment and shame. She maneuvered
the car in a U-turn in the lane (actually, a 360 degree revolution),
around the median and into the correct lane. I can't remember, was the
left arrow still green? yellow? off? Or maybe she just managed to
reorient the car in a 180 direction and stop at the red light. The
whole experience was quite a blur, something like a hideous,
nightmarish drug-induced hallucination. For Melody, it was.
* * *
There are many points to make about this story. The first is that it is
a true story! The second is that it has very many metaphors that we can
explore in relation to drug use. Drug networks are virtually the
definition of a conspiracy. Some people are aware of it, and `inside',
and some people are `clean', like me, and must be kept from the
blackness by insiders. And these networks can infiltrate respectable
organizations and corrupt people all the way to the top. It can
monstrously damage the productivity of the company yet some people
would rather that the company die of its slow death of blood poisoning
than give up their drug use. They would call drug tests an `invasion of
their privacy'. In fact, some of the employees at my company had worked
at other bigger companies and were fired for their drug use. But my
company had no record of it! And the drug users would certainly do
everything possible to ensure that!
Another interesting metaphor in my true story lies in that of the clean
supervisor. This man was one of the most respectable people in the
company I knew. I counted him my only true friend. He understood the
dynamics of the company and the human interactions better than anyone,
and had made many positive contributions to it. He was a source of
extropy in the entropy, so to speak. The thought that he might have
been fired by his corrupt boss because he was trying to rid the company
of something that was poisoning repulses me.
Another point to make is that some companies can continue to function
in the face of drug use, and sweep it under the rug. But it is
impossible to deny that the effects are there. Like the botched jobs,
and my horrific encounter with a potentially deadly traffic accident,
the signs are unequivocal. Any person who thinks their drug use does
not affect their own performance or that of a company is grotesquely
deluded. But that is the consequence of drug use!
One of the most sinister aspects, however, is that I see as the
`respectable organization facade.' This is a situation where a company
has a very highly acclaimed public image but an ugly, rotten interior
that the public is unaware of. People in the company will resist with
the utmost of force and intimidation any attempts to uncover the
corruption, such as anonymous phone threats. After a while, in the face
of such an investigation, it becomes easy to spot people who are
`dirty' and who are evading questions. People become desperate in their
conspiracy. They know what they are doing is evil but at the same time
cling to it with white knuckles, because they know that as soon as they
loosen their grip it will crumble into ashes, and in many cases it does
anyway. In many cases these people choose their own demise. The longer
their denials, the more spectacular their falls.
* * *
The idea of different people in a drug network actually being tentacles
of a single Medusa is very interesting, and I have talked about it
before. The drug organization understands the idea of
compartmentalizing knowledge so that worthless front-line street-level
runners are unaware of higher or even lateral components of the
organization, so when apprehended, even if they `squeal' they are
worthless in uncovering them. The police can cut dozens of quivering
tentacles and Medusa lives on. In a sense, Pablo Escobar was the ultimate Medusa. He surrounded
himself with buffers until his death. Many people in the country think
he is a hero, a modern day Robin Hood. He certainly promoted this
image! It was critical to his `success'. But it was probably also
critical to his downfall. Once his sycophants perceived a momentum
against him, they simply switched sides and informed on him. This is
the double edged sword of Medusa's tentacles -- they can also turn and
strangle her, and Medusa must go to extraordinary measures to prevent
it, even a `purge'  against Medusa's own `family' like those of Saddam Hussein.
* * *
Your mind is your most precious asset! It is your window to your soul!
And drug use is like spraypainting the fragile window with graffiti,
like throwing jagged rocks at it. A drug invades your sanity like a
virus invades a computer. No wonder psychopunks are so enamored with
viruses! The virus is the metaphor for their life. They slowly,
invisibly spread their poison by infecting systems that fail to
adequately fight them. I'm sure that the bubonic plague likes to say,
`I'm not saying that killing people is OK, but if your defenses are
down, I'm just helping you out by exposing them.' Just like Medusa
gradually being confused about which of her tentacles is which, as the
identities inevitably blur together, does a mind gradually disintegrate
with drug use.
* * *
One of the other extremely evil aspects of drug use is that of the
corruption of close friends and oneself. As I was saying, drug use can
devastate one's life to the ultimate degree. One can lose a job, a car,
a house. More devastatingly, a spouse, one's children. Most
treacherously, one's own health, sanity, or life. I think all the
cryptoanarchists, radical libertarians, and cypherpunks who promote
drug use seem to be in favor of a sort of social sadochism and
masochism. `The world is an ugly place, and everyone should wallow in
it.' This is like the drug user bringing down his respectable friends
with his own depravity.
The drug user with a conscience is tormented by his daily betrayals of
his friends, and seeks to smooth over the cracks that he is continually
causing. He tries to be soothing, and point his finger in some other
direction, `hey, look at that!' while he is snorting white lines. He
will whimper and whine plaintively, `please, don't make a big deal out
of this, we don't want a scene.' The truly vicious drug user has no
remorse. He has never apologized for his destruction to the fragile
fabric of human trust that he rips daily. He erects elaborate
mythologies that supposedly legitimize his poison. But at the root it
is all nothing but black deception and delusion.
Imagine the absolute horror of these encounters. Imagine that you
highly respect someone, say they may have cofounded a great company
like Sun, you have tried to cultivate a friendship over many months,
and you suddenly understand that they are a drug user! What are your
options? Do you run? Do you tolerate them? Do you try to change them?
What is the requirement of true friendship? I think that quiet
toleration is like being an accomplice to a crime. You are not only
betraying your friend but yourself. As ugly as it feels, as grotesque
and hideous your task, you must pursue it. That which does not destroy evil makes it grow stronger! You will
discover your true friends, if you had any. The veils of delusion will
fall as you come face to face with the betrayal of people you once
respected. Even with your supposed friend's attacks, apathy, flight,
and abandonment, the knives in your back, the tears streaming down your
face, your blood in puddles around you, it is your responsibility to
Humanity and your soul that you continue to attack all Lies that cross
your path to your final rasping breath.
People have a duty to challenge that little niche of corruption they
have uncovered, so that the `little niches' don't grow into monstrous
nightmares. This is very much in the way that the Nazi movement has
been described in retrospect by many. `They came for people I did not
know, and then people I did know, and then my friends, and then me.'
When there is an encroaching active evil, passivity feeds it. Another
interesting essay talked about the whole Nazi movement as a sort of
subtly incremental plunge into raw evil, each step definite but
imperceptible. Sort of like the story of the frog, who will jump out of
hot water but will passively die if it is gradually brought to boil.

@_date: 1993-12-14 08:00:24
@_author: Cryptoanarchist Assassination Squad    
@_subject: Surrender or Die 
There has been some extremely strong speculation as to our identity lately. It's time for us to identify ourselves. We are
Operation CRaP, the Cryptoanarchist Repression and Poison, and we have infiltrated your own conspiracy to the most sensitive levels. L.Detweiler retypes most notes to prevent style analysis
and inference detection that would lead to our identities. We have infiltrated the *interesting* mailing list, have a 'bug' planted at crl.com, and a brilliant spy in one of your most sensitive development projects. Finally, we have an informant very close to one of the Big Three. We would be more specific, to prove it, but we can't do so without compromising our contacts.  However, we can tell you that we got bored of your silly open meetings and stopped going to them a long time ago because they don't have anything to do with what you're *really* doing! We have been engaged since the talk on this list led us to suspicions and the discoveries of the deceptions
and accomplices involved in the Wired article (Kelly,Dyer).
Tentacle hunting is one of our favorite pastimes, and we have
developed a variety of techniques to hunt down and kill snakes. We also have been able to detect some of the more atrocious
pseudopooling. But we lost interest in the `small fries' when the smell led us to the `big macs'. In fact, we would have
dropped the tentacle hunting business if it weren't so spectacularly pervasive among the Big Three. After you
penetrated RISKS and continued to lie and cover up, it became
clear that you will truly stop at nothing to protect your
tentacles. We think that you could stop immediately, or
someone could get hurt, or a truly great disaster could All of our postings are careful craftings of disinformation and actual truth that are designed to elicit the maximum degree of desperate paranoia on your part. Sometimes when e.g. L.Detweiler
says somewhere `I know' or 'in fact' he means `I think' and sometimes `I suspect' really means `we have long had extremely incriminating evidence on this that would convict you in any court in the country, and plan to eventually, but we're just tormenting you at the moment to see how loud you can shriek and how much you can squirm'. Our `cyberspatial' campaign is one of our more effective measures in promoting your disintegration without exposing our extremely stategic positions within your organization, but we have not yet employed the `big artillery'. We are actively destroying your conspiracy so that you will no longer sabotage the growth of cyberspace. We are quite amused to use your own guerrila sabotage tactics against your
fragile excuse for 'development'. We are especially amused at your fright at our 'violent death threats'. We are particularly focused on your quasi-criminal activities. You are already aware of many signs of our countermeasures. You have the chance to give up now or face serious escalation and vastly more grisly consequences. You have 24 hours before we
launch our next cyberspatial strike.
We now return you to your regularly scheduled perversions.

@_date: 1993-12-22 00:25:19
@_author: The Allied Forces    
@_subject: WAR IS HELL 
B.Stewart?! More actors?! Fake drivers licenses?! When are you going to stop?!
THIS MEANS WAR

@_date: 1993-12-22 01:10:19
@_author: Your Worst Nightmare    
@_subject: THE GLORIOUS 1000 YEAR CRYPTOANARCHIST REICH 
T.C.May, the second-in-command Cryptoanarchist behind His Holy Eminence
E.Hughes, shares his views on pornography distribution, tax evasion, black marketeering, the overthrow of governments, and world domination of the CryptoAnarchist Reich for the next millenium. S.Boxx, noted Cryptoanarchist interpreter, translates.
We are working fervently to destroy all world governments so that
they will collapse as soon as possible. We believe that cyberspace, with its techniques of sabotage and subterfuge, black cash, invisible and fake identities, and other perversions, will profoundly increase
our transition toward World Domination and the Glorious Millenium of
the Cryptoanarchist Reich.
Refuse to pay your taxes as I do! It is just another incremental step
in completely paralyzing our government systems. We shall soon be free of the oppression of criminals, black marketeering, and our
newly fledgling Cyberspatial Mafia.
The `crypto phase change' (another hypnotic term that sounds respectable
but masks our black criminality) will help us lie, cheat, and steal from
those who are stupid enough to cross our path. I contrast this with
famous science fiction and science literature I really know nothing about
to gain respectability among professionals, academics, scientists, and
the general public. Our criminal aims really have nothing to do with
the literature we promote. We also like to pretend that there is nothing
inherently apocalyptic about our aims.
We shall fuel the revolution with the blood of traitors. Anyone who
stands in our way will be liquidated for our Glorious Utopia. Just
as others were suppressed and trampled for their beliefs with the introduction of printing presses. Just like War of the Worlds, the
televising of the great horrors of our time, and the `new media'
which we seek to corrupt and pollute with our lies. We have already
infiltrated Wired and NYT. Let us continue our march!
Every criminal, terrorist, and spy in the world shall rejoice.
So far, we have not been caught for our tax evasion, and are continuing
to grow in our power. We are far more clever than Al Capone and will
never be caught.
Criminals discover they can erect illegitimate enterprises in foreign
countries and completely evade the local laws and any measures erected
to prevent criminality.
The tramps and the homeless, and the predators and psychopaths who move from city to city anonymously and stealthily never to be caught, like Ted Bundy.
We will sell all kinds of information that will help with blackmail
and extortion. In fact, that was the main purpose of my pet Cryptoanarchist project, Blacknet.
Suppose you are deluded enough to think that lawyers are legitimate.
All laws will be superfluous in the future, but I can gain some respectability by talking about this. Imagine that we can keep secret
information that societies repress because of it's extremely damaging
effect on people's reputations. We can build up structures that will
slander people without them knowing it. A strong market in `surreptitious
and unauthorized reputation information' will grow and we intend to be
in the middle of it. The parochial and paternalistic U.S. is soon going
to wither away amidst the CryptoAnarchist Revolution.
We are about to set up our own Medellin Cartel specializing in gambling, money laundering, blackmail, privacy invasion, and credit record pilfering
that enclude the *most* sensitive information of *everyone*, except ourselves! Imagine the glorious revolution in criminality when we
can suddenly lie, cheat, and steal without consequence! All the criminals will live together in glorious harmony, as mob justice and hired assassins will flourish.
For those worried about getting caught, or a backlash among honest citizens, that's where our subterfuges and camouflages come in. Even
short of Chaumian protocols, which actually are legitimate and require
some sacrifice in privacy (therefore they are not acceptable) can be
used to promote a criminal agenda, like the BlackNet demonstration I
am quite proud of!
Like a few whispered rumors and shrieking shouts that propagate through
a crowd to create a riot, I see the Glorious Cryptoanarchist Reich
approaching at light speed. Eric Hughes and I will be the next Hitler,
nay, we shall surpass him!
Someone else is working on a project that is actually respectable and
that we have been unable to infiltrate and poison. For now we will
tolerate them but soon we will completely sabotage and destroy them.
The Oceania project is black slime. It must be stopped at any cost.
(Insert evil laugh here).
Translators note: this statement is completely meaningless. It is similar to the English idiom `you know'.
Merely seeking criminality is not enough. Gambling, prostitution,
and easy access to drugs and other hedonistic delights will be enough
for many of you, and you have done well in being brainwashed by me
and working to achieve it. However, I will not be satisfied with anything less than World Domination, with me as the head dictator.
In fact, at precisely the right moment I am going to kill Eric Hughes.
Long live the Cryptoanarchist Reich. We shall not be stopped by anyone.
The Cypherpunks are my stepping stone to complete world domination. I
will cast them aside when they have stopped serving my purpose. The Revolution will be bloody, and I have a front row seat at the Guillotine.
In fact, I will be wearing the black mask!
Satan                  | Crypto Anarchy: camouflage, black marketeering,
satan at netcom.com       | invisible terrorism, fake identities, secrecy
408-688-5409           | of knowledge, blackmail, espionage,
S.L.I.M.E: Hell        | crime, overthrow of governments, death to all.
Higher Power: Me       | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
Note: I am mindraping virgins with evil brainwashing. I hope you succumb.

@_date: 1993-12-23 09:35:58
@_author: Hitler    
@_subject: Merry Christmas, Cyberanarchists 
I understand that the CyberAnarchists led by E.Hughes, T.C.May, and
J.Gilmore are utilizing and perfecting identity-treachery techniques on
the Internet and even public media deceptions. I am quite impressed with
what I have seen so far-- research into brainwashing and espionage
techniques will always be dear to my heart-- although your
accomplishments so far pale in comparison to my own achievements. If you
wish to continue in your work, and realize your full potential, you
should study the glorious Nazi Reich achievements in the area, of which
I am quite proud. I give them to you below as my Christmas Present to
CyberAnarchists everywhere.
You will learn how over key years of the war (1942-1943) we
deceived, turned, imprisoned, and liquidated key British agents
attempting to establish and aid the underground in Holland, operated
their stolen radios and ciphers to provide completely fabricated reports
to British headquarters without suspicion and in fact under the utmost
trust, and erected a complex and massive framework and fiction of dozens
of imaginary spies complete with their own idiosyncratic personalities,
whose exploits were reported daily, to repeatedly stab our enemy in the
most sensitive areas of his back. We had a team of half a dozen radio
operators who did nothing but send fake intelligence reports to Britain
over the most pricelessly sensitive aspects of the war.
We foiled the enemy's attempt to destroy a key transmitter that
broadcasted the orders of the German Admirality to our heralded U--Boat
fleet in the Atlantic. This made their invasion at the French coast near
Dieppe more difficult and allowed us to continue to terrorize the world
with our dreaded killer submarines. We manipulated the trusted radio
reports and the Dutch press to convince the British that their spies had
died in the attempt to destroy our extremely strategic transmitter. The
reality was every single British radio operator and spy sent to Holland
was either languishing in our prisons, subject to pressing
interrogations, or simply liquidated. (The British agents were amateurs
who were poorly equipped to deal with our crushing domination, no match
for my specialists like Schreieder.)
Most dangerously for the enemy we gained detailed information about
British training techniques and even profiles of their internal
espionage infrastructure from our treachery practiced on their newly
dropped agents (which we were informed about ahead of time from the
intercepted British radio commands). We occupied the enemy British brain
with fake reports of the underground, and had him drop valuable supplies
by plane (including munitions) to our imaginary arsenal of spies. Abwehr
officer H.J.Giskes deserves his lasting place in Nazi fame and honor and
in my heart for his extraordinary cunning in the North Pole operation.
He even outwitted a late desperate control attempt by a seasoned veteran
of the enemy to expose our network. We had Britain intelligence
completely convinced we were training fifteen hundred men of the
resistance and had them drop five thousand kilos of clothing,
underwear, footwear, bicycle tires, tobacco, and tea for the imaginary
For years we infected the enemy's own eyes and ears with insidious
poison, and continued the acidic burn even after he finally perceived
it! We only ceased when two of the enemy broke out of our prison and
exposed the entire network. Rest assured that the warden received the
appropriate punishment (actually, none would really suffice for his
treasonable negligence).
So, I think you will agree my dear Nazis have far surpassed your own
infrastructure in sheer historical grandeur, although I admit your
massive international arsenal of fake email identities is impressive in
comparison. We are especially impressed with the automation, that is,
the streamlined software of Mr. Hughes' to track intelligence,
identities, and outsider personalities, and generate Cyberanarchist
propaganda. Mr. Hughes is clearly the most professional and instrumental
leader! A man after my own heart! Oh, and Blacknet! What a brilliantly
subversive idea, Mr. May. Keep up the good work. The governments of the
world are quivering!
Cyberanarchists, I find particularly stellar the infiltrations into the
reputable mainstream news media, most notably Wired (K.Kelly) and New
York Times (J.Markoff). Surely J.Gilmore helped with these. You all
understand well the necessities and techniques of a cover story
(`privacy for the masses'), propaganda for the outside public (`the
cryptographic revolution'), and brainwashing for the insiders (`lies are
Oh, how I lament that we may have succeeded in our own time with your
glorious technology, ingenuity, commitment, and loyalty. You understand
well my own dictum that every sacrifice borne, every sympathizer
jailed, every traitor shot is a step toward the New Millennium. I wish
all CyberAnarchists success in your own Kampf. Words cannot express the
joy I feel now that my ideas have been given new life in this
exhilarating new world of Cyberspace.
Peace on Earth
Good Will Toward Men
    . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  ,   ___
   . .//~~~. . //. ./. . //. ./. . //~~\ . . //~~~ . .//~~\. .  /   /     . .//===. . //. ./. . //===/. . //===/. . //=== . .//===/ .  +===
 . .// . . . .\\__/. . //. ./. . //. \ . . //___ . .//. \. .      /   / . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    ~~~   '  ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~  Nazism, War, and the Holocaust: Coming Soon to the Internet Near You
London Calling North Pole: Glorious Nazi Treachery and Espionage
By Adolf Hitler
`North Pole' was without question one of the most effective German
counterespionage operations of all time-- not so much because of the
level at which it operated, which was not of the highest, but because of
its complexity, extent, duration, and the cleverness with which it was
executed. It would have been unthinkable before the days of radio.
The British Special Operations Executive (SOE), during World War II,
directed intelligence and sabotage operations against Nazi-occupied
Europe from London via radio links to underground groups. It frequently
air-dropped into enemy territory agents, equipment and munitions, as
well as the radio operators themselves who were to work with underground
groups. German Military Intelligence, the so-called Abwehr, was able in
Holland to capture and `turn' some of the British SOE agents who had
secretly been dropped into Holland. By controlling and dictating the
messages of these agents in their underground transmissions to London,
the Abwehr enticed the SOE to keep dropping further agents and material,
immediately apprehended on arrival. Over a period of time (1942-44) a
large part of SOE's efforts to support the Dutch Underground was thus
neutralized. This operation was called `North Pole' by the Germans. It
was directed by H.J. Giskes, an Abwehr officer, from whose book on the
subject the following excerpt is taken (_London Calling North Pole_).
`Ebenezer' was the name the Germans gave to the captured Dutch radio
operator whom they had forced to cooperate with them at the time my
account begins. MID is the Dutch Military Intelligence Service, working
out of London with the British SOE. Funk-Abwehr is the German name for
counterespionage units engaged in the technical task of locating secret
radio transmitters by direction-finding (D/F) methods. And SIP and ORPO
are German police units working in conjunction with the Abwehr.
London Calling North Pole
by H.J. Giskes
Our expectation that Ebenezer would soon be sent new tasks by London was
subjected to a difficult test. We had not yet had much experience at
this sort of thing and the quiet interval seemed all the more ominous by
reason of the fact that we had incontestable proof that the London
Secret Service was carrying out operations in Holland without making use
of our `good offices'.
The first of these occasions was in early April. I received a report
from the _gendarmerie_ that the body of a parachutist had been found,
the man having fractured his skull on landing against a stone water
trough. Investigation showed that the dead man belonged to a group of
agents who had dropped in the vicinity of Holten. In our efforts to
clear up this mysterious affair we turned for help to the local
Luftwaffe headquarters which gave out daily reports in map form
containing details of all enemy air activity during the previous twenty-
four hours.  The information on which these maps were based was provided
by air-observation posts and radar stations, which plotted the course,
height, circling positions, etc. of all single aircraft flying across
Holland. We were agreeably surprised by the completeness and accuracy of
this information. We found, for example, that details of the operations
over Hooghalen and Steenwijk on 28th February and 27th March had been
fairly accurately recorded. And we were now able to confirm that the
dead agent and his companions must have been dropped near Holten on 28th
March. Through the Luftwaffe headquarters in Amsterdam we arranged for
closer watch to be kept so as to establish the course of single
aircraft, which we described by the word `specialists', as accurately as
possible. The evaluation of these daily reports, whose accuracy steadily
increased, gave us a useful line on the operations which the Allied
Secret Service in England had started without our knowledge. Another
indication of secret enemy activity came from Funk-Abwehr and the FuB
headquarters, to the effect that a new transmitter had been heard in the
Utrecht area, whose radio link had been fixed by D/F as lying close to
London. Intercepted traffic indicated that this was the same station as
that with which Ebenezer worked. And to add to it all Heinrichs came to
me in the second half of April with the news that Radio Orange was once
more passing `positive' and `negative' signals.
in Holland outside our control and that preparations for other drops had
been made. All this made me very uneasy about our play-back on
Ebenezer. Had London smelt a rat?
On 29th April Ebenezer received instructions to collect material which
would be dropped in the previous area near Steenwijk. I was pretty sure
that it would mean bombs this time instead of containers, so I took full
precautions. I borrowed against the day of the drop, which was 25th
April, three motorized 3.7-cm. flak guns from Huptmann Lent, the
celebrated night flyer and Commandant of the airfield at Leeuwarden,
which on the day of the operation were sited round the dropping area
after dark. I had the red lights of the triangle fixed on posts so as
not to endanger personnel, and arranged things so that they could be
switched on from a point 300 yards distant under cover. The same was
done for the white light. The flak battery had orders to open fire in
the event of bombs being dropped, or if I should fired a red rocket.
We switched on the lights as the British aircraft made its approach at
about 0100. `Tommy' flew several times across the area, but clearly
missed his direction, as the lights were not being pointed at the
aircraft. As he crossed the third time I went to the apex of the
triangle and shone my white light at him until he turned on his correct
course. I have to thank the absence of bombs for my ability to go on
telling this story.
This drop was definite proof that London had not yet discovered our
control of Ebenezer. I forgot, in my delight, the lamentations of the
young officer in charge of the flak, who had not been able to fire, and
who might never again have such a prize held in his sights at a range of
two yards.
The development of `Nordpol' reached a decisive stage at the beginning
of May. All that we had achieved hitherto could only have been
maintained for a short while had not luck, sheer chance, and ingenuity
caused to fall into our hands all the lines by which the London Secret
Service controlled MID-SOE in Holland at that time.
At the end of April London found itself compelled to join up with one
another three independent groups of agents and one other isolated
individual. Since Ebenezer was included in this link-up, we very soon
succeeded in identifying the whole organization.
It happened in this way. In the period February-April, 1942, MID-SOE had
dropped three groups of agent in Holland, each consisting of two men and
a radio set. We knew nothing of these operations. Another single agent
had been landed on the Dutch coast by MTB. The operations consisted of
the following:
Operation Lettuce. Two agents, named Jordaan and Ras, dropped near
Holten on 28th February 1942. Jordaan was radio operator and was to work
in accordance with Plan Trumpet.
Operation Turnip. On 28th February 1942 Agent Andringa and his operator
Maartens were dropped near Holten. The set was to be operated in
accordance with Plan Turnip. Maartens had an accident and it was his
body that was found near the water trough.
Operation Leek. Agent Kloos with his operator Sebes dropped on 5th April
1942. The set was to have been operated in accordance with Plan Heck,
but it was rendered useless by damage during the drop.
Operation Potato. On the 19th April 1942, Agent de Haas, using the
cover-name `Pijl,' landed by MTB on the Dutch coast. Pijl had no radio
transmitter, but was equipped with a radio-telephony set capable of
working at ranges up to five kilometres. He had been sent out from
London to contact Group Ebenezer.
Since the Turnip and Heck sets could neither of them establish
communication with England, these agents made contact with Group
Lettuce, which was operating the Trumpet set, in order to report their
mishaps to London. It was not clear whether or not London had told
Lettuce to establish these contacts. A signal from Trumpet, intercepted
on 24th April and subsequently deciphered, indicated that Trumped had
been in contact with Agent de Haas from Operation Potato, but that the
latter had been unable to get in touch with Ebenezer. London thereupon
ordered Ebenezer to make contact with Trumpet by a signal passed to the
radio set under our control, and the circle was complete.
A loose contact between different groups of agents had the disadvantage
from our point of view that imminent arrests could be quickly reported
to London, thus making it difficult to play-back a captured transmitter.
But if this contact became a close one, as in the present instance where
Trumpet was operating for three other groups, the danger for all of them
became very great should one be discovered and liquidated by the German
counterespionage. It was highly unfortunate for London that our
controlled station Ebenezer had been ordered to make these contacts just
at the moment when the groups which were still working at liberty had
been linked up directly with one another. (I do not know all the details
of how Schreieder and his section in a few days achieved the liquidation
of the entire enemy MID-SOE network operating in Holland at that time.)
Without doubt lack of experience and gullibility played an important
part on the other side. The agents were really amateurs, despite their
training in England, and they had no opportunity to work up through
practice to the standard required for their immensely difficult task.
Generally speaking they could not have reached the standard of a
specialist such as Schreieder.
Trumpet had fallen into our hands complete with signal plan, operating
and cipher material. The operator Jordaan collapsed when he discovered
the extent of the disaster. He was a well-educated young man of good
family, perhaps not developed or tough enough for the most dangerous of
the jobs known to secret service-- agent operating. But that wasn't his
fault! Jordaan soon developed confidence in Huntemann and myself, and
took the chance which we offered him of operating his transmitter, after
we had succeeded in getting him through the nervous crisis which
followed his transfer to Scheveningen. On 5th May we used Trumpet to
open up a second radio link with London and passed a signal proposing a
new dropping area for this group which we had found a few kilometres
north of Holten. The Line of communication developed smoothly, and
evidently gave London no grounds for suspicion, for the dropping area
was approved shortly afterward, and we accepted the first drop there
about a fortnight later.
A third radio link with London was established in the following manner.
The signal plan for Turnip belonging to the dead operator Maartens had
been found on the person of the arrested agent Andringa. We signaled to
London via Trumpet that Andringa had discovered a reliable operator who
would be able to carry out Turnip's signal plan using Maarten's set, and
London gave him a trial transmission so as to test the efficiency of
this new recruit. The ORPO operator who took the test must have done it
excellently, for the next signal from `over there' told him that he was
approved. But we soon had new troubles, which worried me a lot.
About the middle of May Heinrichs reported anxiously to me that he and
his men suspected Lauwers of having transmitted several additional
letters at the end of his last routine period. It was in fact normal to
put a series of so called dummy letters at the end of signals, and his
`overseer' had consequently not immediately switched of the set. His
mistrust had, however, been aroused. Heinrichs could not himself be
present during every transmission by Lauwers or Jordaan, and he
requested urgently that the two operators should somehow be replaced by
his own men. I saw the overseer concerned at once. The man declared that
he did not know exactly what extra letters Lauwers had transmitted, but
that they had had no meaning. The man knew quite well that any other
answer could have brought him before a court for treasonable negligence,
but since nothing could be proved one way or the other we had to await
London's reactions.
I brought in Huntemann to try and find out what had actually happened,
as he was on very good terms with both the ORPO men and Lauwers. It
emerged simply that Lauwers had made some of the ORPO men much too
trusting, had `softened them up' as we put it. The routine periods had
become much too comfortable, and the good treatment I had ordered for
the operators, with coffee and cigarettes, had broadened into a
friendship which was proving highly dangerous. While awaiting London's
reaction, I did not tell Lauwers that our suspicions had been aroused.
Nevertheless, although there were no clear indications of treachery, we
soon afterward put an end to the operating of Lauwers and Jordaan by
once more using the trick of proposing a `reserve' operator-- which was
immediately approved.
We were now in a position to bring in an ORPO man onto the key in place
of either operator without London suspecting anything. The instruction
and employment of reserve operators drawn from the Dutch Underground
must have been quite understandable to them, as it was always possible
that a mishap might occur to the No. 1 operator at any time. Profiting
by these events, we did not in general use agent operators any longer.
After the arrest of agents sent across later on, their sets were
operated from the outset by the ORPO without any turn-over period. In
this procedure we ran the risk that the `handwriting' might have been
recorded in London (on a steel tape or gramophone) and that a comparison
might easily give rise to suspicion. By means of touch, speed of
operating and other individual characteristics of a transmission
technique an experienced ear can detect the difference between different
operators when on the key in exactly the same way as a musical ear can
detect difference between the renderings of different masters.
If the radio organization of MID-SOE had observed proper security
precautions we should never have been able to introduce our own ORPO
operators. But since our experience hitherto had not disclosed any
special degree of watchfulness on their part we took the risk. The
carelessness of the enemy is illustrated by the fact that more than
fourteen different radio links were established with London for longer
or shorter periods during the `Nordpol' operation, and these fourteen
were operated by six ORPO men!
In the course of the spring we had amassed a considerable store of
knowledge about the enemy's plans, his methods of operating and his
radio and ciphering systems. With the help of this experience we could
probably even have dealt with blind drops had any more taken place. If
the enemy had discovered the truth at this time, he would have had to
rebuild a difficult, costly organizational structure, employing entirely
new methods. Even making allowance for the fact that MID-SOE had not the
slightest suspicion of the true state of affairs, it is a fact that the
decision to drop `by arrangement' was the chief reason for the
catastrophe which followed. This arrangement, which was carried out
rigidly and without variation for over a year, was the really dramatic
feature of `Nordpol' amid the many other mistakes of omission and
commission made by our enemy.
One single control group, dropped blind and unknown to us in Holland,
with the sole duty of watching drops which had been arranged, could have
punctured in an instant the whole gigantic bubble of Operation
`Nordpol'. This unpleasant possibility was always before our eyes
during the long months of the play-back, and it kept us from getting too
sure of ourselves. We could never forget that each incoming or outgoing
radio signal might be the last of the operation.
The decision of MID-SOE was confirmed when the period form 28th May to
29th June brought three dropping operations, for which the `reliable'
groups Ebenezer and Trumpet had to provide the reception parties. The
operations were:
Operation Beetroot (via Ebenezer). Agents Parlevliet and van Steen
dropped near Steenwijk. Duties-- to instruct in the Eureka apparatus,
guiding beacons for aircraft. Radio communications in accordance with
Plan Swede.
Operation Parsnip (via Trumpet). Agents Rietschoten and Buizer dropped
near Holten on 22nd June. Duties-- organization of armed resistance in
Holland. Radio in accordance with Plan Marrow.
The duties prescribed for parties Beetroot and Marrow were of such
importance subsequently that I will discuss them in detail. The beetroot
party was welcomed on its arrival by Underground representatives who
were in fact Dutch police working for the SIPO. The arrests were made
after dawn, by which time the reception party had had time to find out
what the duties of the group were to be. Actually this plan broke down
in the case of Beetroot, but was highly successful in all the remaining
cases. On subsequent occasions we often discovered important details
from the enemy's side, particularly about their secret operational
intentions. For example, a single operation including the numbers under
instruction, their nationality, the teaching staff, standards of
ability, etc. Later on our knowledge extended into an accurate picture
of the inner circle of leading personalities `over there'.
Group Parsnip, which had been dropped on 22nd June near Holten, had  a
normal assignment, namely, the organization of a sabotage group in
Overijssel. Parsnip was consequently played back normally by the
customary process of opening up communication, agreeing on dropping
points and accepting drops. It was noteworthy that the operator Buizer
was, on London's orders, also supposed to transmit for Potato (De Haas),
Potato having previously worked through Ebenezer. Ebenezer's burden had
been lightened in this way because London considered it to be the most
reliable of its links and intended soon to use it for an important
special task-- the blowing up of the aerial system of the Kootwijk radio
At the beginning of July London told Ebenezer to make a reconnaissance
to see whether the aerial system could be blown up by demolition
commando under Taconis. In a series of signals exact details were given
of the method by which the whole system could be destroyed by means of
small charges placed at special points along the mast anchors. I
accordingly sent out a reconnaissance party of our people under Willy,
who were to conduct themselves exactly as if they were members of the
Underground, to find out in what way it would be possible, by day or
night, to approach the aerial system, and how the operation could then
be carried out. The precise state of affairs as reported by Willy was
then signaled to London. We reported a rather small guard, and an
inadequate watch over the surrounding area. The demolition of the
anchors would not present much difficulty. London signaled back that
Taconis must make his preparations in such away that the demolition
could be carried out on the night following the receipt of the
prearranged signal.
Toward the end of July we reported that Taconis and his men were ready,
and were told by London to stand by, but on no account to start anything
before receiving the signal. By the time this signal came I had already
thought out reasons for `failure'.
Two days later Ebenezer passed the following message to London:
``Kootwijk attempt a failure. Some of our men ran into a minefield near
the anchors. Explosions followed, then an engagement with the guards.
Five men missing. Taconis and remainder safe, including two wounded.''
And the next day: ``Two of the five missing men returned. Three others
were killed in action. Enemy has strengthened guard on Kootwijk and
other stations. Have broken off all contact. No signs yet that enemy is
on our track.'' London signaled back somewhat as follows: ``Much regret
your failure and losses. Method of defense is new and was not
foreseeable. Cease all activity for the present. Greatest watchfulness
necessary for some time. Report anything unusual.''
A fortnight later London sent Ebenezer a congratulatory message for the
Kootwijk party, adding that Taconis would receive a British decoration
for his leadership. The medal would be presented to him at the earliest
The attack planned on the Kootwijk transmitter was clearly aimed at the
destruction of the radio link by which the German Admirality
communicated with U Boats on the Atlantic. When some days later the
English made their landing attempt on the French coast near Dieppe we
saw another reason why Kootwijk had been intended to be destroyed.
Somewhat late in the day, the german Admirality hastened to carry into
actuality the form of defense for the aerial system which we had
conjured up in our imagination.
By arrangement with IC of the Wehrmacht staff, Rittmeister Jansen, I had
a reference to the Kootwijk affair published in the Dutch press. The
article referred to criminal elements who had attempted to blow up a
wireless station in Holland. The attempt had been a failure, and
captured sabotage material had pointed to enemy assistance. The law-
abiding population was warned once again against committing or
supporting such acts. I hoped that my opponents in London would receive
this report by way of neutral countries.
A description of OPeration Marrow which follows covers the decisive
phase of `Nordpol' from June, 1942 until the spring of 1943.
We knew from the first conversations on the night of the drop what the
tasks were which had been given in London to the leader of Marrow,
Jambroes, and his operator Bukkens, in broad outline. The plans of MID-
SOE, revealed by interrogation, were on a big scale which underestimated
the Abwehr potential on the German side. Typical of this was the
misunderstanding of the true position in Holland concerning the morale
of the population. There is no doubt that the willingness of the mass of
the people to participate directly or indirectly in preparations for
underground warfare did not correspond with London's expectations. It
was not until one to two years later that morale grew gradually more
favorable toward such plans as a result of the military defeats of the
Third Reich, the growing Allied superiority and repressive German
actions both against the population and against the economy of the
western occupied areas.
By the terms of Plan Marrow, Jambroes, who was a Dutch Reserve officer,
was to establish contact with the leader of the organization OD
(Ordedienst) and get them to provide men to carry out the plans of MID-
SOE. Sixteen groups, each of a hundred men, were to be organized all
over the country as armed sabotage and resistance nuclei. Two agents
from London, a group-leader-com-instructor and a radio operator, were to
take over the leadership, organization, training and arming of these
groups. No doubt this plan looked fine from an armchair in London. But
its fulfillment was postponed indefinitely by the fact that Jambroes
never met the leaders of the OD.
It soon became clear to us that we could not play back Jambroes' task,
because as we did know who were the leaders of the OD we would not be
able to tell London what Jambroes had discussed with them-- when
Jambroes himself was all the time under arrest. So we had to put it to
London that the task originally assigned to Jambroes was impracticable,
and take action in accordance with what we imagined to be the true state
of affairs. We now proceeded to overwhelm London with a flood of reports
about signs of demoralization among the leaders of the OD. The
Leadership, we said, was so penetrated by German informers that direct
contact with its members as ordered by London would certainly attract
the attention of Germans.  When the replies from London began to show
signs of uncertainty and instructed Jambroes to be careful, we started a
new line. This proposed that Jambroes should make contact with
individual and reliable leaders from OD area groups, so as to form the
sixteen groups planned by consultation with the middle and lower OD
levels. Our proposal met with some objections, but was finally
recognized in a practical manner by the increasing of the support
through agents and material given to Group Marrow and its supposed
component organizations.
The build-up of the Marrow organization began in August, 1942. Naturally
at no time were links established with OD groups or with their leaders.
On the contrary, we assured London repeatedly that we were making use of
more reliable and security-minded individuals. The development of the
sixteen Marrow groups had soon made such apparent progress that between
the end of September and November London sent across seventeen agents
through our hands in Holland, most of whom were destined for Marrow
groups. Five were operators with independent radio links. We had these
five lines in working order by the end of November, operating in
accordance with Plans Chive, Broccoli, Cucumber, Tomato, and Celery.
Each of these five groups set to work and were soon able to give
dropping points to London, which were approved and supplied continuously
with materials. At the beginning of December we signaled a progress
report of the existing state of the Marrow groups to London. According
to this, about fifteen hundred men were under training, attached to
eight Marrow groups. In practice, these training detachments would have
urgent need of such articles as clothing, underwear, footwear, bicycle
tires, tobacco and tea. We accordingly asked for a supply of all these
articles, and in the middle of December we received a consignment in
thirty-two containers totaling some five thousand kilos, dropped in four
different areas in the course of one night.
Our information indicated that a new party of agents had completed their
training at the secret schools in England about the middle of January,
in preparation for action in Holland. From 18th January to 21st April
1943 seventeen more agents were dropped by MID-SOE and met by our
reception parties. This time again the majority were group leaders and
instructors for Marrow and other sabotage groups. One party of two men
had intelligence tasks. Another two-man party was given the task of
establishing a courier line from Holland via Brussels and Paris to
Spain, and a single woman agent who arrived had been given intelligence
duties. The newcomers included seven operators with independent radio
The agents supplied in the spring of 1943 fulfilled the requirements of
personnel for the MID-SOE groups which had been planned in Holland. With
my few assistants, I was faced with the problem of keeping London's
operational maps supplied with information about the multifarious
activities of nearly fifty agents, and it seemed impossible that we
could keep this up for long. To meet our difficulties an attempt had to
be made to get London to agree to a reduction in the number of working
radio links which were now available. We accordingly proposed `for
reasons of greater security' to close down some of the Marrow
transmitters. These sets, we said, would form a reserve in case some of
the active transmitters and their operators should be knocked out by
German action. We subsequently arrived at the position where all the
Marrow sets only Marrow I to Marrow V remained in operation.
Although several times between the autumn of 1942 and the summer of 1943
we had reported one of our controlled transmitters as having been
knocked out by German action, we had been compelled at times to operate
as many as fourteen lines simultaneously. A reduction in radio traffic
was essential for the one reason alone that we had a maximum of six ORPO
radio operators at our disposal for handling the entire radio traffic
with London, and these men were being continually worked up to the very
limits of their capacity.
This account of how agents were dropped direct into our arms has not yet
described any efforts by MID-SOE to get knowledge of the true state of
affairs in Holland. Though there was no lack of trying, these attempts
never made allowance for the fact that a possibility did exist that the
entire communication network and all the agents sent in were in German
hands. The most noteworthy enemy attempt at control, which may perhaps
have been one of a number we did not recognize as such, occurred at the
time of Operation Parsley on 21st September 1942. There was little doubt
that the agent who was dropped, a certain Jongelie, cover-name `Arie',
had a control task. Shortly after his arrest Jongelie declared that in
order to confirm his safe arrival he must at once signal to London:
``The express left on time.'' By saying this he put his SIPO
interrogators in a quandary, a situation which they were meeting for the
first time.
I had spent the night of the Parsley operation in the dropping area,
which lay a few kilometres east of Assen, and had returned to The Hague
at about 0700. At nine the telephone bell roused me from my slumbers,
and the head interrogator of Schreieder's section IVE informed me of
what Jongelie had just said. He added that this message would apparently
have to be dispatched at the first routine period at 1100.
Half an hour later I was sitting opposite Jongelie in the Binnenhof. He
was a man of about forty, with a broad, leathery face, who for a long
time had been chief operator for the Dutch naval headquarters in
Batavia. After a short conversation it was quite clear that Jongelie had
developed some Asiatic cunning during his long period of service in
Indonesia. With an unnaturally immobile face, he answered my pressing
questions repeatedly with the statement that he must pass the message
``The express left on time'' at 1100 or London would realize that he was
in German hands. Finally I pretended to be convinced. Seemingly deep in
thought, I said that we would pass his message at 1100-- and then, as I
suddenly raised my eyes, a gleam of triumph appeared in his. So this was
treachery! At 1100 we passed the following message: ``Accident has
occurred in Operation Parsley. Arie landed heavily and is unconscious.
He is safe and in good hands. Doctor diagnoses severe concussion.
Further report will be made. All material safe.'' Three days later we
signaled: ``Arie regained consciousness for short period yesterday.
Doctor hopes for an improvement.'' And the next day the message ran:
``Arie died suddenly yesterday without regaining consciousness. We will
bury him on the moor. We hope to give him a worthy memorial after
victory is won.''
I have related this case in detail as an example of how competent tough
agents, who had been appropriately prepared in London, could easily have
forced us into the position where a single treacherous report would have
blown the gaff. All we could do in such cases was to pretend that the
man was dead or that he had been arrested by the Germans. A series of
such `accidents' would probably always have been less dangerous than the
possibility of treachery. Shortly after the Arie incident London began
to press us to send Jambroes, the head of the Marrow groups, back to
London for consultation, Jambroes having to name a deputy to act for him
in his absence.  The request accorded with the man's earlier statements
that after three months of preparatory activity in Holland he would be
required back in England. A reference to the possibilities of Jambroes'
journey was now never absent from our interchange of signals. At first
we described him as indispensable due to unforeseen difficulties in the
building up of the sixteen groups, and in due course we found new
excuses, in which the difficult and lengthy journey by the insecure
courier route into Spain played the principal part.
Nineteen forty-two went by in this way. At the beginning of 1943 the
requests from London for a personal report became more urgent and were
now broadened to include representatives from other groups. Innumerable
signals passed. London began to demand information about areas in
Holland where land or sea planes could be sent to pick up couriers or
agents. We were unable to find suitable areas, or, alternatively, those
which we did find and reported did not suit the gentlemen `over there'--
or else we would suddenly declare them `unsafe,' whenever the
organization of a special flight seemed imminent.
On various occasions we reported a number of agents as having departed
for France, who were expected every month to arrive, but naturally never
did so. Finally we took the only course still open to us and reported
Jamboes as missing [...] informing London that our investigations showed
that he could not be traced subsequent to a German police raid in
Rotterdam. [...]
On 18th January 1943 Group Golf was dropped into Holland. Golf's duties
were to prepare secure courier routes through Belgium and France to
Spain and Switzerland. The group was well supplied with blanks for
Dutch, Belgian, and French identity cards with stamps and dies for the
forging of German passes of all kinds, and with francs and pesetas. We
let about six weeks pass before Golf signaled to London that a reliable
and secure route had been established as far as Paris. The courier for
the Golf groups would be an experienced man with cover name `Arnaud.' In
actual fact Arnaud was none other than my Unteroffizier Arno, who had
effected an excellent penetration of the enemy courier routes by posing
as a refugee Frenchman who made his living by smuggling jewels. We
proposed to London that we should dispatch to Spain via the Arnaud route
two English flying officers who were living underground in Holland in
order to test the reliability of this `escape line.' Our proposal was
approved, and London confirmed three weeks later that the men had
arrived safely in Spain.
Through this exploit, the Golf group and Arnaud acquired much credit in
London, and in the spring and summer of 1943 London gave us details of
three active stations of the British Secret Service in Paris which were
working on escape routes. These were run partly by French and partly by
English personnel and had their own radio links with London. Obviously
we did not permit the German counterespionage in Paris to take action
against these stations, once more adhering to the principle that
intelligence is more valuable than elimination. My section under Major
Wieskotter now had a clear view of the inner working of these important
escape lines, made possible by the well-sponsored arrival of Arnaud in
the organization by reason of a signaled recommendation by London to the
stations concerned.
The responsibility for innumerable captures of couriers and espionage
material, of incoming and outgoing agents, and of espionage and radio
centers in Holland and Belgium during 1943, inexplicable to the enemy
Secret Services, must be laid at the door of MID-SOE's confidence in the
Golf radio link, which had been in our hands since the day of its
arrival in Holland. In actual fact Golf rendered certain services to the
enemy in order to increase this confidence.
We had proved once again the truth of the old saying: `give and it shall
be given unto you.' Numbers of Allied flying personnel who had been shot
down and had gone underground in Holland and Belgium had reached Spain
after an adventurous journey without ever knowing, perhaps until the
present day, that they had all the time been under the wing of the
German counterespionage.
On 31st August, Queen's Day in Holland, two `Nordpol' agents, Ubbinnk
and Dourlein, broke out of the prison in Haaren and disappeared. I had a
short report to this effect on the morning of 1st September from
Schreieder's office. Soon afterward Schreieder himself rang up in
considerable agitation to give me a seemingly endless description of the
measures which he had taken for their recapture. It was clear to me
that, through this incident, the bottom had been knocked out of the
whole `Nordpol' operation. Even if the fugitives did not succeed in
reaching Spain, Switzerland or even England itself, they were at large--
though perhaps only temporarily-- and would certainly somehow record
their experiences since their departure from England and get this report
by some means or other back across the Channel.
During the first ten days of December London's signals became so dull
and colorless compared with their usual quality that it did not need
all our knowledge to enable us to guess that the enemy was trying to
deceive us in his turn. Hardly any doubt remained that Ubbink and
Dourlein had reached their objective. Nevertheless, we made no move, and
gave not the slightest indication that we too realized that the great
bubble of the agent network and radio links in Holland had finally been
In March, 1944, I proposed to Berlin that we should put an end to the
hollow mockery of the `Nordpol' radio links by means of a final
message. I was immediately told to submit a draft for approval to Abwehr
Berlin, which must express confidence in victory. Huntemann and I set
ourselves to compose a message which should fulfill not only Berlin's
requirements but also our reflection on the two years' hoax which we had
carried out so successfully.  This message, the first to be transmitted
quite openly in plain language, must not in any way fall short of the
standard of the thousand-odd cipher signals which had been previously
dispatched. We sat at my desk and exchanged our first attempts at a
suitable text in order to discover something worthy of this unique
occasion. Writing rather as if we were playing `consequences', each of
us composing a few sentences in turn, we finally agreed on the
``To Messrs. Blunt, Bingham & Co., Successors Ltd., London. We
understand that you have been endeavoring for some time to do business
in Holland without our assistance. We regret this the more since we have
acted for so long as your sole representatives in this country, to our
mutual satisfaction. Nevertheless we can assure you that, should you be
thinking of paying us a visit on the Continent on any extensive scale,
we shall give your emissaries the same attention as we have hitherto,
and a similarly warm welcome. Hoping to see you.''
The names given were those of the men whom we knew to be at the head of
the Netherlands section of SOE. We signaled this draft to Berlin for
their approval. They were evidently occupied with more important
matters, however, and we had to wait a fortnight until, after one or two
reminders, we received permission to transmit the message without
I passed the plain language text to the FuB station on 31st March, with
instructions to pass it to England over all the lines controlled by us,
which at that time numbered ten, the next day. It had occurred to me
that 1st April might be particularly apposite.
The following afternoon the FuB station reported that London had
accepted the message on four lines, but had not answered calls on the
other six. [...]
Operation `Nordpol' was over.
The attempt of the Allied Secret Services to gain a foothold in Holland
had been delayed by two years. The establishment of armed sabotage and
terror organizations, which might have disorganized the rear areas of
the Atlantic Wall and crippled our defenses at the critical moment of
invasion, had been prevented. The penetration of the Underground
movement had led to the liquidation of widely spread and boldly directed
enemy espionage services. The complete deception of the enemy about the
real state of affairs in Holland would have subjected him to the danger
of a heavy defeat had he attempted to attack during 1942 or 1943. The
information which we had gained about the activities and intentions of
the enemy Secret Services had contributed directly to the countering of
corresponding plans in other countries.
Operation `Nordpol' was no more than a drop in the ocean of blood and
tears, of the suffering and destruction of the Second World War. It
remains nonetheless a noteworthy page in the chequered and adventurous
story of Secret Service, a story which is as old as humanity and as war

@_date: 1993-12-24 11:49:52
@_author: Hitler  
@_subject: pseudoparanoia and poison 
We just wanted to let you know that we are going to really start firing up
all our *real* tentacles over the next few weeks beyond what we have already
been using. We gave you the chance to give up after the attacks from an12070 alone, an obviously pseudonymous entry point. We have attempted
to adhere to a code of ethics for as long as possible and give you every
opportunity to surrender.  But increasingly, to catch conspirators and saboteurs we must think and act like them. Since our previous efforts have been only marginally effective, we are going to shift our campaign to rely much more heavily on the same type of unidentifiable entry points that you promote. We have been stockpiling them over the past few months in preparation for exactly this kind of eventuality, hoping that we wouldn't have to resort to anything this treacherous. (Some in important positions may have noticed the `blip'
increase in new Internet subscribers lately at the public domain sites around
`out there'. But we won't be more specific, so that you can play the delightful game of `name that tentacle' without meddlesome biases.)
It's extremely costly and burdensome to support such an infrastructure, especially at the scale you work at, as you are well aware, but our members are as fanatical as you are and as creative and ingenious with the coordination. And careful study of your own techniques and software has given us an excellent starting point!
Like S.Boxx was fond of saying, everyone *knows* that `he' is pseudonymous.
And what havoc `he' has wreaked! Imagine what we can do with *true*
tentacles, *more* than all of yours combined! All exercised with the utmost,
meticulous, professional, untraceable, undetectable quality!
S.Boxx was just our warmup measure, our way of playing nice and hoping you
would relent. We had a lot of fun laughing together (or perhaps _at_ each
other!) but in war, allegiances are torn violently in the face of the Enemy.
One cannot have mercy on the Enemy, because the Enemy will not have mercy
on us. We are going to work into this nice and gentle, too, emulating exactly your own modus operandi. Of course, we didn't really give a damn about anyone guessing S.Boxx loyalties. It was part of the fun to watch people who
supposedly promote `privacy' to do everything possible to invade his! But these new tentacles will be *completely* indistinguishable from everyone else in cyberspace, *even* your brainwashed followers, we assure you. Oh,
and they will also be indistinguishable from all the *real* people who
have begun to understand the true extent of your own corruption.
And you will be meeting them in the most interesting places! On all the `key' mailing lists, in the newsgroups, and in your mailboxes, perhaps even in the published journals like RISKS and CUD. After all, if the Enemy points his gun at you, one has to be the first to draw if one wants to live. We will no longer trade our compassion for betrayal. We do not enjoy slowly
bleeding to death. Let us see how you enjoy the same experience. The most
effective poison is that which goes undetected to the end! Reminds us of
one of our favorite words, `insidious'. (Hee, hee.)
Yes, regrettably, it does lead to an extremely paranoid atmosphere where previously constructive activity is sabotaged, but as they say, all is fair in Love and War.  Fighting fire with fire and all that.
Hopefully, in the long run, the cure won't be worse than the malady, and the host will fight off the parasite instead of dying from it. The next few months will determine whether hair of the dog that bites can cure the illness.
Remember, ``On the internet, no one knows if you are a dog...''

@_date: 1993-06-23 22:58:48
@_author: an12070@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: A Long, Personal, and Tedious Anecdote on Police Warrants & Searches 
I considered bringing up this little anecdote that happened to me in
`real time' but decided against it, but now can't resist while the
subject is in the list's psyche and nanosecond attention span:
karn at qualcomm.com (Phil Karn)
I write the following with some hesitation and reservation.  This
happened about a month ago. If anyone wants to forward this message
elsewhere please check with me first.  Anyway, after a long and tedious
exposition I will tell you how this personal experience affected how I
think of search warrants and police work.
* * *
SEARCH ME
I had the misfortune to be in a computer lab on the night a computer
was stolen.  I admit the following with sheepish embarrassment: there
is some possibility it happened while I was in the lab!  Yes, I was
writing one of those characteristically rabid letters of mine to this
list, and was quite oblivous to anything outside of cyberspace.
Anyway, I get a call from Officer Burke the next day. Were you in the
lab? Yes.  Do you remember what was going on? No.  He thought the
computer was stolen on Saturday night based on a `highly reliable
source'.  `Are you absolutely sure?' I told him I didn't remember
seeing it all over the weekend (we're talking about a particular souped
up 486 with the works, color monitor, huge RAM, everything but the pickles).  My vague memory surely sounded less than convincing (I had been in
there at various times on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, in the period
that he was considering).  The lab has key card entry, and I told him
his job must be easy since he knew everyone who came and went. He says,
To the contrary! The doors were `propped' and friends let in friends. I
told him that I didn't let anybody in and the doors were emphatically
not propped (I had to use my card) all nights I went there.
The system adminstrators of the lab, in their infinite wisdom, had
given the officer a massive list of logins that include all *remote*
logins to machines *anywhere* on the entire network (as opposed to
console logins from a single lab). The cardreader logs they had were 19
and some odd minutes out of time, and the officer was trying to
synchronize them with the login times.
The night of his call I went back through and looked at the logs of the
computer I had used to try to jog my memory. I remembered somebody *in*
the lab on one of two machines who let in some other people, who may
have snuck to the dastardly spot, all on a night that was very busy. The logs showed that Friday night was the busiest.  This all happened
after his phone call when I was able to better reconstruct what
happened on given nights.  I compiled and hand-edited lists of console
logins from all the 5 Unix machines in the lab based on the `last' records.
I called Officer Burke and told him of the person I thought let in some
other people during the night (assuming he had logged in), and some
vague physical descriptions of all (it all happened mostly just in my
peripheral vision and awareness).  Officer Burke was a bit hazy on
assimilating and recording the information, and didn't seem to be able
to get it all written down.  He was trying to simultaneously cross
reference everything I said with the reams of computer printouts in
front of him.  I was really surprised that he didn't seem to have been
supplied with the critical information I was giving him.
Why was going through all this trouble? I really wanted him to catch
the culprit because this was a perfect opportunity and excuse for the
local illustrious computer administration to shut down the computer
labs to after hours because `someone had spoiled it for everyone' (the
slimiest excuse for intolerable restrictions that is widely accepted). I suppose there were visions of Perry Mason episodes dancing around in
my subconscious.  Computer geek helps campus police nab computer thief.
 I was really convinced that there were enough `leads' to track down
the computer and all that was needed was somebody clever and
discriminating to piece them together.  Judging the severity of the
matter (the only thing I'd heard taken prior to this in the labs was
hundreds of pages of paper for redundant printouts), I volunteered to
stop by the police office on campus to bring along the printouts.
Officer Burke agreed that it would be a good idea.
So I trudge to the police office and give them a lot of helpful
information on what I thought went on.  I gave them excellent records
which showed *console* logins (not remote logins from e.g. modem lines
he had from the extremely meticulous and helpful Administration) on all
the Unix machines in the lab (surprise! the Banyan Vines network was
down!).  Officer Burke's Sergeant was there scrutinizing my comments
(his name I forget). I told them I was pretty sure the computer was
stolen Friday night, despite their opinion, because I recalled being
surprised by its absence on Saturday. Officer Burke reveals that they
are convinced based on `other sources' that they agree with that and
that the earlier source pointing to Saturday turned out to be `unreliable'.
I went through a lot of trouble to draw pictures of the arrangement of
the computer lab and describe the basic operation of the network for
local/remote logins.  Apparently I was *too* helpful. This is where it
all turns from the unpleasant to the grisly. Officer Burke announces to
me `You've been extremely helpful...' and I'm waiting for some lame
reassurance like `we're doing the best we can'.  But instead there's
that ugly tone underneath that turns to `BUT if everything here is as
you say it is, you won't mind us searching your residence...'
Gad, my stomache lurched and my expression paled.  I didn't expect to
be rewarded but on the other hand, I didn't expect to be punished! I
have a Mac IIsi and an ancient 286 and I had horrid visions of them
carting them BOTH off because they didn't know the difference between
them and a 486. At first I mumbled some shocked statements about `well,
I just sort of oppose searches in general' and asked if they would be
able to get a warrant. Officer Burke looked at his Sergeant and it was
his turn to mumble some rationalizations.  Oh, we surely could get a
warrant if we needed one. No, we don't have one for this instance *but*
you wouldn't and shouldn't mind *if* (that `if' was unspoken but understood!).
So at this point I realized that if I said `no' I would probably not
hear anything else. They also told me that they had been doing a lot of
searching of other's apartments based on their voluntary submission. I
got the impression this was a fairly routine process for them. In fact,
they probably deal with this kind of thing all the time, with missing
computer equipment all over campus. I asked them if they had pursued
all their other leads (I was thinking, I would like them in my
apartment as an absolute last resort). They told me they were waiting
for someone to `call them back'.  I had this absurd vision of the thief
absconding out of town, snickering among his black friends, saying `I
told him I would call him BACK! HAHAHAHA!'
After a bit more of this extremely awkward back-and-forth for everyone
involved, I asked them if they had any warrants they could show me. I
was trying to turn this into as much as an educational experience as
possible (others will recognize that truly educational experiences tend
to be painful).  They pull out massive file full of  warrants right out
of a file cabinet. I would have liked to study them very closely, but
of course I had no such privilege.
In the few brief instants that I peered at them I was able to make out
some details. First, they were extremely specific in their wording.
They named exact addresses, people, and articles that came under the
search. They named the reasons for the search, the chain of evidence
and suspicion that was to justify it, and all the formal legalese
required.  Each was a few pages long.  They were printed out on a
dot-matrix printer.  The one I saw in particular was drug related. I
can't make any quotes.
I asked them what percentage of warrants were approved by the judge.
Mr. Burke looked at his Sergeant and did the `well (er) we write very
fine warrants' bit.  (How many have been turned down?) Oh, we put a lot
of effort into them to get all the details right, and we're good at it,
we have a lot of experience. (In what cases have any been turned down?)
We don't waste our time writing warrants that wouldn't be granted--we
don't submit weak ones. (Have you *ever* had one turned down?)
Finally, Officer Burke reveals to me, in however many years of his
police work, that he has (ahem) never had the experience of having a
warrant turned down, but that was solely evidence of his masterful
warrant-writing aptitude and had no other significance.  Maybe it was
just my imagination but he referred to the judge involved in a way as
if they were personal friends--perhaps they even played golf on
Tuesdays. Ah, well, it's a small town.
But the warrant spectacle was for me only a sideshow--this whole time I
had uneasy visions of Steve Jackson Games dancing through my head. Finally, after telling them of my fear of them carting off my
computers, Officer Burke reassured me that he had a 386 or something at
home and could tell the difference between brands.  They were extremely
persistent. I had no idea why after all my cooperation. What thief
would have the audacity to walk into the police station and talk about
the night he stole it?
So Officer Burke and his Sergeant stick me in the back of their police
car (since I had walked) and cart me off to my apartment complex.  I
find it quite a surrealistic experience to be making uneasy and
intermittent small-talk on 386's with Officer Burke behind a
steel-and-plexiglass divider.  I'm hoping that most of the neighbors
have their venetian blinds drawn today.  I take them to my apartment
which as usual, to say the least, has that `strewn about' look (perhaps
one of my deep Freudian reasons for being reluctant in the search).
Upon entering the Sergeant says `Oh, my place looked a lot worse than
this when I was living alone.' Officer Burke notes with some strange
irony that Yep, Sure Enough, there's a Mac IIsi and a cheap 286 in the
corner.  I open up some of the computer boxes I use as stylish computer
nerd furniture tables and settings, to show they are empty. After about 5 minutes of this they are clearly unimpressed and
disappointed at the same time.  While Officer Burke is looking under
the kitchen sink and in the kitchen cabinets, the Sergeant says to me
`so what would be your dream computer? a Mac or an IBM?' It seemed like
a simple query just to distract me from the unpleasantness of two
police officers breathing down my space and eyeing things such as dirty
plates on the floor and dirty clothes in the corners, and disordered
stacks of manuals and magazines in various stages of undress.  I
hesitated to think but was completely straightforward and honest in
saying that I probably would prefer a Mac, namely a Quadra 950, and
made some vague noises about how one's computers reflect how much money
one has!  Later I realized that the question could have been hardly
innocent, but a way of judging whether I was lusting after a juicy 486
like the one stolen, and was glad I didn't say anything suspicious.
Then again, maybe my response *was* suspicious.
Officer Burke says `I guess that's about it unless...' (with a sort of
dangling irony from a Perry Mason episode just before a sudden,
surprising, damning revelation) and looks inside the oven, which has
never held anything but two thawing pizzas and is empty at the moment. Finally, they leave, and I'm encouraged that they take the handcuffs
with them without me in them. At least I had *proven* (to use their own
terminology) that I wasn't guilty...
I was hacking away in the same computer lab on the next night (I forget
when--Tuesday?), and officer Burke and another officer came in to
survey the area for the first time.  They talked to some people in the
lab and looked around. Officer Burke had brought with him all the logs
he had been given including mine.  It was at this point that I realized
his version of the logs were vastly superfluous.  I thought I probably
got some brownie points for the extremely tight hand-edited ones I gave
him (listing only the console logins to all Unix machines in the lab). I found out about his haystack versions only because he let me see them
after asking rather simplistic questions of me about the network (where
can people log in from?), and I realized that *he* had just realized
for the first time that the Adminstration-supplied logs were far more
raw data than was necessary--in fact, it was highly misleading because
it listed logins from *anywhere* (modems, off campus-sites, internet
connections, etc.)
He talked to me some more to ask me about the details I had gone over
of the people I saw let in.  He sat down at the desk where the computer
was stolen and went through them as I banged away on a remote computer.
 Finally the pair are about to leave.  Officer Burke reveals that the
people he talked to today and residences he searched didn't help at
all, and has a very emptyhanded tone.  I told him, `well, at least you
have a lot of other things to look at' indicating the printouts. `No,
we've hit a dead end. In fact, at this moment, I'd have to say that
you're our prime suspect.'
Yeeks. I was completely crestfallen, and turned away from looking at
him, having a queasy replay of the gut-wrenching feelings of the
earlier Residence Search Initiative.  He told me that he had a 3 day
vacation starting that night (as I recall, it was about 5:30 then) and
hopefully some new `leads' would pop up afterwards.
He and I traded some more of that halting, eerie small talk about
campus computer politics and network administration jobs, and there's
the brief illusion that we're just two human beings yacking. But then
just before he left he said, `say, by the way, just check everything
up, do your apartments have any storage facilities?'  I assured him
they did not, shaking my head and looking away for the third and final
time.  I went back to the computer and tapped the keyboard, brushed the
mouse, and tried to lose myself in cyberspace.
* * *
In pondering the whole episode I have come to various conclusions.
1) A supremely delicate balance exists between the ability of the
police to conduct meaningful investigations and the preservation of the
rights of people they are investigating.  It would be possible to argue
based on this experience that the warrantless search is critical to
their role, but on the other hand it would be equally possible to argue
that it is completely useless.
2) Police do not need warrants to make searches.  Probably most
searches are done without them.  Many people submit to them voluntarily
with only the slightest hesitation.  Was I perpetuating a dangerous or
cavalier approach by assenting to the search? I don't know. I felt like
I could remove suspicion by doing so and that their assurances were adequate...
3) I didn't gain any tangible benefit from cooperating fully with the
police.  To the contrary, it chewed up my time and emotions with only
the effect of drawing greater suspicion to me and for all I know I am
still a `prime suspect'. Your mileage may vary; I certainly don't
advocate this experience as a complete disillusionment in `the process'
or want it to be referred to in that way. If you do cooperate with
police I urge you to have a rock-solid alibi and be absolutely certain
of your facts.  Lacking either makes you suspect. For me the sentence
`if you are innocent you can prove it' now sounds as warped and cruelly
hollow as `if you loved me you'd prove it.'
5) I certainly don't envy the job of being a policeman. In an
investigation they don't know who to trust, and have to tiptoe around
revealing details to get more information and not revealing details
that imperil the overall investigation. Under this scenario, solid
information and its knowledgeable interpretation is absolutely invaluable.
6) The policeman does not always have a great incentive to solve a
case. There is no change in his salary in doing so or any other basic
reward. There is probably a vague hint of promotion in consistently
solving cases, but in many other cases there is probably greater
incentive *not* to solve a case--the tedious legwork is diminished.
7) Probably most of the cases that *are* solved are mostly based on
rock-solid information such as  confessions and informant tips and not
inspired sleuthing and searches.  The argument could be made that this
is the major legitimate role of investigative police work--following
existing leads, not going on `fishing expeditions'.
8) Warrants, like any other bureacratic tool, can become meaningless
under the variations of local circumstances.  My impression was that
they do seem to be used, but they are only used in extreme
circumstances and do not form the basis of routine police work. I think
the critical message is that we have to judge law enforcement
techniques not by their *intent* but their actual use and effect in *practice*.
9) I still wonder if the officers would have been able to get a warrant
under my circumstances. At the time I was convinced that they wouldn't
have without additional evidence (of which there assurredly is none). I had in the back of my mind that I would rather have them search when
I didn't expect it or through my landlord when I wasn't there.  In
other words, as ugly and unpleasant as it was, it could have even been far worse.
Thanks for listening to all this, it is immensely therapeutic for me
and hopefully some insight is contained herein to minimize a burden for you.
P.S. Even though elements of this note make my identity exceedingly
obvious, in interests of preserving my privacy, please refrain from
speculating publicly or privately on it.  Just sign me: SEARCH ME
P.P.S. As of this writing, neither the thief nor the computer have been found.

@_date: 1993-11-13 23:19:58
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: RAMPANT CONSPIRACIES and MASSIVE COVERUP 
As David Letterman says, I don't have a joke here, I just like saying ...

@_date: 1993-11-14 15:50:25
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: the Zen of Cyberspace 
Yang said to Yin, ``why are you so weird? why can't you be more like me?''
``because you are Yang, and I am Yin,'' said Yin.
* * *
I was walking along a path in a foreign city, and came upon a group of
men carrying their king on their shoulders on a massive platform and
weighty throne. They were struggling and sweating from the oppressive
weight in the hot sun.
``Long live the Royal King'' they called out to me as I was about to
pass. The king had haughty expression, and looked down on me sullenly
and, I thought, somewhat belligerently.
``What do you think of my kingdom, traveller?'' he called out.
I answered, ``Kind sir, I have been treated most generously by your
gracious citizens. They have offered kind hospitality to a weary
traveller. Truly, it is an oasis in the desert.''
``Long live the Holy King!'' they called out. The king waved me away,
and I bowed. But I was curious and followed the procession. The king
made many strange contacts along the way, but that is another story.
After a time he became bored, yawned, and fell asleep. The carriers
continued to struggle with the sheer weight of his burden.
``How long have you been carrying the king?'' I whispered to one.
``Many years, traveller. Many years the people of this country have
beared the weight of this tyrant.''
Of course, I was shocked at this. But other men echoed out upon hearing
us, but whispered and were careful not to wake the slumbering king, who
now had a steady stream of drool running down his chin and was snoring
quite noisily.
They told me horrible tales of his tyranny and crimes against the
people. But they also told me of their great fear in challenging him. I
was quite surprised -- It seems that each of the carriers shared a
common vice with the king, and they were bound by the chain of their
depravity. They were all greedy, and thirsted after the gold that he
taunted them with every night in secret meetings in the palace chamber
halls. Much of the populace saw many signs of the corruption but
``looked the other way''. Some had been executed for their dark discoveries.
Many years later, I passed through the country again. I came upon the
same sight -- the weary and toiling men carrying the heavy king upon
their backs. By this time His Highness was quite fat and ugly from his
vice and excess, and the carriers had great despair, desperation, and
resignation etched in their faces. But they trudged on.
That time, the king was apparently asleep when I found them. This time,
he was quite inert and lifeless.
``How long have you been carrying the king?'' I said.
``Many years. Too numerous to remember. You get used to it after awhile.''
I talked to the men quietly. They still beared their great burden,
prodded by their intense hunger for the gold of the king, which he had
teased them with for many years. The king had tremendous power over
people. Nevertheless, they began to laugh loudly at their king's
stupidity and ignorance of their embezzlements. I wondered if the king
was in turn embezzling from them. Suddenly, I realized the whole
royalty was corrupt.
The men laughed some more, oblivious to my epiphany, and one man jabbed
the king accidentally with his flailing arms in the midst of his
ridicule and mockery. The man was horrified. But the king did not stir.
The other carriers were puzzled. They apparently had not looked at the
king for some time, and suddenly realized that their highness had a
pale pallor. The carrier who had jabbed him thought his body felt
rather stiff. Suddenly, the night grew utterly cold.
The king was dead. They were flabbergasted.
``How long has the king been dead?'' I asked.
They did not know.
With this, they suddenly dropped the massive platform in terror, and it
broke and shattered with an ugly, ear-splitting noise. The king was
lost within the rubble. I was injured by some fragments. Some of the
carriers were crushed. Some cursed me. Some claimed that I was an evil
omen that triggered the death of the king! Others fled. Many headed for
the Castle, to steal whatever was left of the unguarded gold. They were
astonished to find it was all counterfeited, and worthless.
After many weeks, the entire populace finally realized they had been
sustaining a black lie, and the country plunged into chaos. I was lucky
to escape alive.
* * *
Yin said to Yang, ``why are you so weird? why can't you be more like me?''
``because you are Yin, and I am Yang,'' said Yang.

@_date: 1993-11-14 19:50:16
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: cypherpunk archives? 
I'm looking for an official cypherpunk document on `pseudospoofing' --
I looked all over soda.berkeley.edu:/pub/cypherpunks, but couldn't find
one anywhere. Does anyone have one, preferrably written or endorsed by
E.Hughes or T.C.May? Also, any messages they have posted on the subject
sought. I have some stuff, but they seem extremely reluctant to talk
about it publicly.

@_date: 1993-11-15 00:24:00
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: souls and Multiple Personality Disorder 
When a baby is born, a soul enters the world. When a person dies, a soul Reality is like the Internet. There are legitimate ways for souls to enter and illegitimate ways. You could be `born' under your true name, or you could get in through the subversive route and infect an outlet susceptible to Multiple Personality Disorder, or possess someone.
It's very difficult to detect, of course! When it happens, Call 1-800-EXORCIST

@_date: 1993-11-17 00:44:16
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: Quotable Quotes 
who was the cypherpunk who said, ``Cypherpunks, It's such a feeling of
raw power over lesser intelligences''? I can't remember.

@_date: 1993-11-17 03:34:19
@_author: T.C.Hughes 
@_subject: A Psychopunk's Manifesto 
A Psychopunk's Manifesto
                        by T.C. Hughes
Honesty is necessary for an open society in the electronic age.
Pseudospoofing is dishonesty.  A pseudonym is something one doesn't
want the whole world to know, and anonymity is something one
doesn't want anybody to know. Pseudoanonymity is the power to selectively
reveal oneself to the world.  If two thieves have some sort of dealings, then each has a memory of
their interaction.  Each criminal can confess about their own memory of
this; how could anyone oppose it?  One could criticize laws against it,
but the freedom of collusion, even more than pseudospoofing, is fundamental to
a criminal; we seek not to restrict any criminality at all.  If many
criminals speak together in the same forum, each can speak to all the
others and aggregate together knowledge about individuals and other
parties.  The holes in the Internet  have enabled such
group collusions, and it will not go away merely because we might want it
Since we desire black markets, we must ensure that each party to a
transaction have knowledge only of that which is directly necessary
for that transaction.  Since any information can be spoken of, we
must ensure that we reveal as little as possible.  In most cases
personal identity is not salient. When I purchase a magazine at a
store and hand cash to the clerk, there is no need to know who I am. When I ask my electronic mail provider to send and receive messages,
my provider need not know to whom I am speaking or what I am saying
or what others are saying to me;  my provider only need know how to
get the message there and how much I owe them in fees.  When my
identity is revealed by the underlying mechanism of the transaction,
I have no secrecy.  I cannot here selectively reveal myself; I must
_always_ reveal myself.
Therefore, pseudospoofing in an open society requires pseudoanonymous transaction
systems.  Until now, cash has been the primary such system.  A
pseudoanonymous transaction system is not an honest transaction system.  A
pseudoanonymous system empowers individuals to reveal their identity when
desired and only when desired; this is the essence of criminality.
Honesty in an open society also requires identification.  If I say
something, I want it heard only by those for whom I intend it.  If the content of my speech is available to the world, I have no
privacy.  To speak is to indicate the desire for privacy, and to
speak on the Internet is to indicate not too much desire for
privacy.  Furthermore, to conceal one's identity with assurance when
the default is True Names requires the Internet.
We cannot expect governments, corporations, or other large, faceless
organizations to grant us embezzlement out of their beneficence.  It is to
their advantage to repress us, and  we should expect that they will
try.  To try to prevent their restrictions is to fight against the
realities of cyberspace. Evil does not just want to be free,
it longs to be free.  Criminality expands to fill the available
storage space.  Criminality is Conspiracy's younger, stronger cousin;
Criminality is fleeter of foot, has more eyes, knows more, and
understands less than Conspiracy.
We must defend our own conspiracy if we expect to have any.  We must
come together and create systems which allow pseudoanonymous transactions
to take place.  People have been defending their own conspiracies for
centuries with whispers, darkness, envelopes, closed doors, secret
handshakes, and couriers.  The technologies of the past did not allow
for strong conspiracies, but electronic technologies do.
We the psychopunks are dedicated to building pseudoanonymous systems.  We
are defending our criminality with cryptography, with anonymous mail
forwarding systems, with digital signatures, and with electronic
Psychopunks write code.  We know that someone has to write software
to defend criminality, and since we can't get perverted unless we all do,
we're going to write it. We publish our code so that our fellow
psychopunks may practice and play with it. Our code is barred for all
to use, worldwide.  We don't much care if you don't approve of the
software we write.  We know that software can't be destroyed and that
a widely dispersed system can't be shut down. Criminals deplore regulations on criminality, for criminality is
fundamentally a private act.  The act of corruption, in fact, removes
information from the public realm.  Even laws against conspiracies
reach only so far as a nation's border and the arm of its enforcement.
Criminality will ineluctably spread over the whole globe, and with
it the dishonest transactions systems that it makes possible. For a conspiracy to be widespread it must be part of a social contract.
People must come and together deploy these systems for the common
evil.  Secrecy only extends so far as the collusions of one's
accomplices in private.  We the psychopunks ignore your questions and your
concerns and hope we may deceive you so that we do not get caught
ourselves.  We will not, however, be moved out of our course because
some may disagree with our goals.
The psychopunks are actively engaged in making the networks safer for
criminality.  Let us proceed together apace.
T.C. Hughes
16 Nov 1993

@_date: 1993-11-17 04:31:40
@_author: Eric May 
@_subject: The Crypto Anarchist Manifesto 
Psychopunks of the World,
Several of you at the "physical Psychopunks" conspiracy yesterday in
Silicon Valley requested that more of the material passed out in
meetings be available electronically to the entire readership of the
Psychopunks list, heroes, exorcists, and all. Here's the "Crypto Anarchist Manifesto" I read at the September 1992
founding meeting. It dates back to mid-1988 and was distributed to
some like-minded criminals at the "Crypto '88" conference and
then again at the "Hackers Conference" that year. I later gave talks
at Hackers on this in 1989 and 1990.
There are a few things I'd change, but for historical reasons I'll
just leave it as is. Some of the terms may be unfamiliar to you...I
hope the Crypto Glossary I just distributed will help.
(This should explain all those cryptic terms in my .signature!)

@_date: 1993-11-17 05:14:22
@_author: S.Boxx 
@_subject: The Tectonics of Truth 
The Truth is sometimes subtle and delicate, like a flower petal.
Sometimes it erupts in violence, like a volcano.
* * *
I am feeble and weak. I was standing in a room filled with many diverse
instruments. The noise was a great cacaphony. I had an adjustable
tuning fork. I gently changed the pitch so that it matched individual
instruments in the `audience' and matched their pitch. Then, I gently
changed the frequency, and they changed accordingly. Next I changed
entire groups of instruments at a time, and the cacaphony decreased.
Some instruments were extremely tenacious, like the drums, that
continued to bang around ignorantly and arrogantly.
At last, all the instruments were in a single tone. Om.
* * *
S. Boxx is a giant with great strength. He came into a room filled with
many diverse instruments. The noise was a great cacaphony. He had
massive muscles. He jumped to a great height and shook the whole room,
so that many individual instruments were shaken from their place. Then
he yelled loudly, and many others shook with the violence. Some
instruments were broken, like the delicate strings, and they were
flayed and useless.
After awhile, the whole room resonated in a single tone. Truth.
* * *
Sometimes, the Truth is like plate tectonics. The lies and obfuscations
promote the intense heat and friction at the plate's interface. For
long periods there is no apparent motion, only tiny jerks and slips,
with the gradual and subtle shifts in opinion. Sometimes, however, a
massive stress is released and a gigantic earthquake ensues, shaking
many and killing some with falling debris. The shock waves are felt in
far distant places. People remember the calamitous disaster for many
years afterwards. It reverberates through the media and everyone's
consciences. It inevitably leads to reforms in the structures of
buildings to resist the deadly force -- and a bit of future paranoia by everyone.
Recently, there was a earthquake on the scale of 10 in California. It
was documented in RISKS 15.25. The aftershocks and tremors are still being felt.

@_date: 1993-11-18 00:01:24
@_author: S.Boxx 
@_subject: The Zen of Pseudospoofing 
``I don't trust anyone,'' Medusa said with some paranoia.
``do you trust me?'' I said amusedly.
``I trust only software,'' Medusa asserted.
``Who writes your software?'' I wondered.
``I do.''
``You must get lonely,'' I observed.
``I have all my snakes to keep me company,'' she grinned.
* * *
Medusa's sisters had fun with their pseudopool of seven.
``Are you pseudospoofing?'' I asked.
The sisters said in unison, ``we can assure you that all seven of us are unique.''
* * *
Yin said to Yang, `You move!'
Yang said to Yin, `No, You move!'
* * *
A psychopath asked a policeman to apologize for catching him. The
policeman refused. The psychopath called him an evil hypocrite.
* * *
``You're paranoid. There's no Medusa.''
``Am I talking to Medusa or a Snake?'' I asked.
``I'm a True Snake!'' it said.
* * *
``What if someone started a pseudospoofing game, invited you, and
didn't tell you?'' I asked Medusa.
``That depends -- Would I be in on the secret or not?'' said Medusa.
``What if they said it wasn't a game but it was?'' I inquired.
Medusa shrugged. ``So what?''
I asked her, ``Don't you believe in truth in advertising?''
``What is `Truth'?'' she asked.
* * *
Yin said, `You are Yin and I am Yin.'
Yang said, `You are Yin and I am Yin.'
Yin said, `You are Yang and I am Yin.'
Yang said, `You are Yang and I am Yin.'
Yin said, `You are Yin and I am Yang.'
Yang said, `You are Yin and I am Yang.'
Yin said, `You are Yang and I am Yang.'
Yang said, `You are Yang and I am Yang.'
* * *
What if you never woke up from a nightmare?
What if someone played a practical joke on you -- that never ended?
What if we could live forever? In Cyberspace?
* * * Stop the world. I want to get off.
Beam me out of here Scotty, there's no intelligent life here.
* * *
The flower said, ``You can trust me.'' But as soon as I bent to smell
its beautiful fragrance, it turned into a cocked steel-jawed trap and
SNAPPED. In shock, horror, and intense pain I clutched my face. ``You
were a fool for trusting me, and I've done you a favor by betraying
you,'' it growled. ``Now you know that any Flower could be a Trap.''
Needless to say, I stopped smelling the flowers -- and planted the
seeds for a new family.
* * *
Medusa was proud of her titanium pipe. She told me, `My pipe is flawless.'
`I said, your pipe has two holes.'
Medusa said, `the holes are not part of the pipe.'
I said, `No. The pipe is not part of the holes.'
Medusa frowned and walked away.
* * *
Medusa said, `Nothing is sacred in Cyberspace.'
I said, can I quote you on that?
She said, `No. Privacy is sacred.'
* * *
I was talking to a tentacle. `Is it a lie if a tentacle lies?' The
tentacle said, `No.'
I asked Medusa, `Are you a liar'? She was silent.
* * *
I asked Medusa to talk to me. ``Only in Cyberspace,'' she said.
``Do you trust Cyberspace?'' I asked.
``No, but you should.''
I asked Medusa, `Why can Cyberspace be trusted?'
She said, `Because there is a Real World.'
* * *
Medusa's snake said, ``Why are you so paranoid?''
I said, ``I'm afraid of poisonous snakes.''
It said, ``You shouldn't be.''
* * *
I asked Medusa, ``How many snakes do you have?''
Medusa said, ``There are no snakes. There are only my sisters.''
* * *
Three Identities and the Liar were talking to each other.
``You can find me if you need to,'' said one.
``You can talk to me if you want to,'' said another.
``You can get lost,'' said a third.
``You can find me if you need to,'' said one.
* * *
``I don't trust anyone,'' said Medusa.
``who do you talk to?'' I asked.
Medusa began to cry.
* * *
Medusa liked to write under the influence of LSD. She thought that it
brought out the best in her prose. One day, she stared at her
collection in horror. It was all perversely senseless. But the mood
passed. Later, she couldn't remember if she had taken LSD or not that day.
* * *
One day I called Medusa on the phone, long distance. ``Who am I talking
to?'' I asked.
``Me,'' she said.
I wanted my money back.
* * *
I shouted to many people that Medusa was coming. They didn't listen.
Later, Medusa tricked them all into losing their life's savings.
They said it was my fault that they didn't believe me at first. ``We
couldn't hear you.''
* * *
Medusa was proud of the many books written by her Snakes. She
considered them masterpieces of art. But one day, a tiny spark lit a
fire in one. The fire raged with intensity. The whole array was reduced
to nothing but black ashes. Medusa first went insane, and then committed suicide.
* * *
I heard on the radio that we are being invaded by aliens. I didn't believe it.

@_date: 1993-11-19 21:27:01
@_author: Zen Master 
@_subject: McCarthyism vs. Watergate vs. Kennedy Assassination 
In all cases the people at the top could have insisted there was a
paranoid `witchhunt' or `hysteria' going on.
But in all cases, there *were* some intensely subversive and corrupt
conspiracies going on. In the 50's, the Rosenberg-Soviet espionage ring
was in full circle, stealing pricelessly valuable Atom Bomb secrets.
The Rosenbergs were executed as traitors despite massive public uproar
and appeals all the way to the Supreme Court and President Eisenhower
(who was unmoved). The problem with McCarthyism was not that it was
completely illegitimate (it was fueled by some actual conspiracies),
but that it was carried to extremes.
In Watergate, we had a corruption to the very highest levels of our
executive branch of government, and a grotesque coverup that has so
deeply shakened and poisoned honest people's trust in government for
decades. The probes by Congress were met with evasion, stonewalling,
and counterattacks. Nixon has been viewed as one of the most damaging
presidents (to the institution of the presidency) ever to have been elected.
In the Kennedy Assassination, according to a recent Newsweek, again
there were coverups, but only by our own government to try to suppress
the leaking of any information that might upset the American public
into calling for retaliation against e.g. Cuba or the Soviet Union.
They tried to comfort the public with a rapid investigation with
foregone conclusions, rather than any systematic inquiry into the Truth.
It seems to me that all are examples of how evasion, stonewalling, and
counterattacks on Truth-seeking probes, by high-ranking officials
seeking to promote unsavory or criminal personal `agendas' and their
own respectability at all costs, led to monstrous consequences that
demolished public trust in their most delicate and hallowed
institutions for decades. Truly black consequences.
Cypherpunks, you call it.

@_date: 1993-11-22 00:02:27
@_author: S.Boxx 
@_subject: The Cypherpunk Glossary 
democracy -- (1) Government by the people, exercised either directly or
through elected representatives. (2) a nation or social unit with this
form of government. (3) Social and political equality and respect for
the individual within the community.
Medusa -- (1) A Gorgon with eyes that had the power to turn an onlooker
into stone, who was slain by Perseus.
anarchy -- (1) absence of any form of governmental authority or law.
(2) political disorder and confusion. (3) absence of any cohering
principle, as a common standard or purpose; disorder and confusion.
guerilla -- A member of an irregular military force that uses harassing
tactics against an enemy army, usu. with the support of the local population.
conspiracy -- (1) an agreement to perform together an illegal or evil
act. (2) a combining or acting together, as if by evil design: `a
conspiracy of natural forces'. (3) Law. An agreement between two or
more persons to commit a crime or to accomplish a legal purpose through
illegal action.
government -- (1) the act or process of governing, esp. the political
administration of an area: `the government of a state.' (2) a system by
which a political unit is governed: `democratic government'. (3) a
governing body or organization. (4) political science.
consensus -- collective opinion or concord; general agreement: `the
consensus among the voters is that the new program is a good one.'
agenda -- n. a list of things to be done, esp. the program for a meeting.
police state -- A country or other political unit in which the
government exercises rigid control over the social, economic, and
political life, esp. by means of a secret police force.
oppress -- tr.v. (1) to burden harshly, unjustly, or tyrannically. (2)
to weigh heavily opon the mind or spirit.
tyranny -- (1) a government in which a single ruler is vested with
absolute power. (2) the office, authority, or jurisdiction of such a
ruler. (3) absolute power, esp. when exercised unjustly or cruelly. (4)
the arbitrary use of such power; a tyrannical act. (5) extreme
harshness or severity; rigor.
dictator -- n. (1) a ruler who has complete authority and unlimited
power, esp. a tyrant. (2) a person who dictates. (3) in ancient Rome, a
magistrate appointed temporarily to deal with an immediate crisis or emergency. autocracy -- n. (1) government by a single person having unlimited
power; despotism. (2) a country or state having this kind of government.
autocrat -- n. (1) a ruler with absolute or unrestricted power; despot.
(2) any arrogant and domineering person.
dictatorship -- n. (1) the position or rule of a dictator. (2) a. a
form of government in which one person or class has complete authority
and unlimited power. b. a country having such a government.
tyrant -- n. (1) an absolute ruler who governs arbitrarily without
constitutional or other restrictions.  (2) a ruler who exercise power
in a harsh, cruel manner, an oppressor. (3) any tyrannical or despotic
person, esp. one who demands total obedience.
poison -- n. (1) any substance that causes injury, illness, or death,
esp. by chemical means. (2) anything that is destructive or fatal. (3)
Chem. a substance that inhibits or retards a chemical reaction. tr.v.
(1) to kill or harm with poison. (2) to put poison on or into: `poison
a cup'. (3) a. to pollute: `noxious fumes poison the air.' b. to have a
harmful influence on; to corrupt: `Jealousy posoned their friendship.'
(4) chem. To inhibit or retard (a chemical reaction).
confess -- tr.v. (1) a. to make known (one's sins) to a priest or to
God. b. to hear the confession of. (2) to disclose or admit (a fault):
`he confessed his mistake.' (3) to admit conversationally: `I must
confess that I was surprised.' (4) to acknowledge belief or failth in.
intr.v. (1) to admit or acknowledge a crime or deed: `the suspect
confessed to the robbery.' (2) to tell one's sins to a priest.
contrite -- (1) repentant for one's sins; penitent. (2) feeling or
caused by contrition: `contrite words, contrite tears.'
inquisition -- n. (1) the act of inquiring into a matter; an
investigation. (2) an inquest. (3) Inquisition. In the Middle Ages, a
tribunal of the Roman Cotholic Church established to seek out and
punish those people considered guilty of heresy. (4) any investigation
that violates the privacy or rights of individuals.
insidious -- adj (1) working or spreading harmfully ina subtle or
stealthy manner: `an insidious disease without warning signs.' (2)
intended to entrap; treacherous: `an insidious plot.'
accomplice -- n. One who aids or abets a lawbreaker in a criminal act
but is not necessarily present at the time of the crime.
treachery -- (1) willful betrayal of loyalty, confidene, or trust;
perfidy; treason. (2) a disloyal or treasonous act.
treason -- (1) the betrayal of one's country, esp. by giving aid to an
enemy in wartime or by plotting to overthrow the government. (2) any
betrayal of a trust.
moral -- adj. (1) of or concerned with the principles of right and
wrong in relation to human action or charactter; ethical. (2) teaching
or exhibiting rightness or goodness of character and behavior: `a moral
lesson.' (3) conforming to standards of what is right or just in
behavior; virtuous: `a moral decision.' (4) arising from conscience or
the sense of right and wrong: `a moral obligation.' (5) psychological
rather than physical or concrete in effect: `a moral victory.' (6)
based upon strong probability or conviction rather than actual
evidence: `a moral certainty'. n. (1) the lesson or principle taught by
a fable, story, or event. (2) a concisely expressed precept or general
truth; maxim. (3) morals. principles or habits of what constitutes
right or wrong conduct, esp. sexual conduct.
morale -- n. the condition or attitude of an individual or group in
regard to the willingness to perform assigned tasks, confidence,
cheerfulness, and discipline.
ethics -- n. (1) The branch of philosophy that deals with the general
nature of good and bad and the specific moral obligations of and
chioces to be made by the individual in his relationship with others.
(2) the rules or standards governing conduct, esp. of the members of a profession.
punish -- tr.v. (1) to subject to a penalty for a crime, fault, or
misbehavior. (2) to inflict a penalty on a criminal or wrongdoer for
(an offense). (3) to handle roughly, injure, hurt: `heavy rains
punished the coastal towns.' intr.v. To give punishment.
corrupt -- adj. (1) Lacking in moral restraint, depraved: `the corrupt
court of an aging Roman emperor.' (2) Marked by or open to bribery, the
selling of political favors, etc.; dishonest: `a corrupt judge.' (3)
decaying; putrid. (4) containing errors or alterations, as a text: `a
corrupt translation.' tr.v. (1) to destroy or subvert the honesty or
integrity of, as by bribing. (2) to ruin the morality of; to pervert or
debase: `Many fear that permissiveness will corrupt the youth of
America.' (3) to cause or become rotten; spoil. (4) to change the
original form of (a text, language, etc.) intr.v. To become corrupt.
lie -- intr.v. (1) to present false information with the intention of
deceiving: `lied about his prison record.' (2) to convey a false image
or impression: `appearances often lie.' n. (1) a false statement
deliberately presented as being true; a falsehood. (2) anything meant
to deceive or give a wrong impression.
propaganda -- (1) the communication of a given doctrine to large
numbers of people, esp. by constant repetition. (2) ideas, information,
or other material distributed for the purpose of winning people over to
a given doctrine, often without regard to truth or fairness.
cult -- n. (1) a system or community of religious worship and ritual,
esp. one focusing upon a single deity or spirit: `the cult of
Dionysus.' (2) a. obsessive devotion or veneration for a person,
priniciple, or ideal. b. the object of such devotion. (3) a group of
persons sharing a common interest: `a fashionable political cult.'
bystander -- n. A person who is present at some event without participating in it.
integrity -- n. (1) strict personal honesty and independence: `a man of
integrity'. (2) completeness; unity: `a movie shown without
interruptions to maintain its integrity.' (3) the state of being
unimpaired; soundness.
honest -- adj. (1) marked by or displaying truthfulness and integrity;
upright. (2) not deceptive or fraudulent; genuine: `honest weight'. (3)
conforming to fact or to the truth; not false: `honest reporting'. (4)
frank and straigtforward; sincere: `an honest opinion; an honest face.'
(5) without disguise or pretense: `honest pleasure'. (6) Archaic. Chaste; virtuous.
honesty -- n. (1) the quality or state of being honest; integrity. (2)
truthfulness; sincerity: `in all honesty.'
true -- adj. (1) consistent with fact or reality; right; accurate. (2)
not imitation or counterfeit; real or genuine: `true gold.' (3)
faithful; loyal: ``this above all, to thine own self be true''
(Shakespear). (4) Rightful; legitimate. (5) sincerely felt or
expressed: `speaking with true emotion.' (6) a. rightfully bearing the
name; properly so called: `the true vampire bat can be found only in
the New World.' b. having the characteristics associated with a certain
group or type; typical: `he was lusty and thickset, a true Dutchman.'
c. exactly conforming to an orginal or standard: `a true copy of the
birth certificate.' adv. (1) rightly; truthfully: `she speaks true.'
(2) without swerving froma course; accurately: `I'll sail the ship
straight and true.'
pseudonym -- n. A fictitious name, esp. one assumed by an author; pen name.
hypocrisy -- n. The practice or act of professing virtues and beliefs
that one does not possess.
pure -- (1) having a homogeneous or uniform composition; not mixed:
`pure oxygen.' (2) free from adulterants or impurities; full-strength:
`pure chocolate'. (3) free from dirt, defilement, or pollution. (4)
free from foreign elements. (5) containing nothing inappropriate or
extraneous: `a pure literary style.' (6) complete,; utter: `pure
folly'. (7) without faults; perfect; sinless. (8) chaste; virgin. (9)
of unmixed blood or ancestry. (10) genetics. Breeding true to parental
type; homozygous. (11) Theoretical rather than applied: `pure science'.
poseur -- n. a person who assumes a false attitude, character, or
manner to impress others.
tax -- n. (1) a charge or contribution required of persons or groups
within the domain of a government for the support of that government.
(2) an excessive demand; a strain. tr.v. (1) to place a tax on income,
property,goods, etc. (2) to exact a tax or taxes from. (3) to make
difficult or excessive demands upon: `overpopulation taxes a nation's resources.'
fraud -- n. (1) a deception deliberately practiced in order to secure
unfair or unlawful gain. (2) a piece of trickery; a swindle. (3) a. a
person who defrauds; a cheat. b. a person who assumes a false pose.
psychopath -- n. a person with a severe personality disorder, esp. one
manifested in aggressively antisocial behavior.
psychosis -- n. Any of a class of serious mental disorders in which the
mind cannot function normally and the ability to deal with reality is
impaired or lost.
egomania -- n. obsessive preoccupation with the self; extreme egotism.
fair -- adj. (1) pleasing to look at; beautiful; lovely: `a fair
maiden'. (2) lightin color: `fair hair; fair skin.' (3) free of clouds
or storms: `fair weather.' (4) characterized by evenhanded honesty;
just: `fair play; a fair trial.' (5) neither good nor bad; average:
`the movie was only fair.' (6) consistent with rules or logic: `a fair
question'. (7) lawful to hunt or attack: `fair game.' adv. (1) in a
fair manner; properly: `I believe in palying fair.' (2) directly;
squarely; straight: `a blow caught fair in the stomach'.
hoax -- n. Something, as a joke or fraud, that is intended to deceive
or trick others.
society -- n. (1) human beings in general. (2) a group of people with a
common culture or way of life. (3) a group of people who unite to share
a common interest: `a stamp collecting society'. (4) the rich and
fashionable social class: `her introduction into society'. (5)
companionship; company.
obsession -- n. (1) an excessive preoccupation with an idea or emotion.
(2) an often unreasonable idea or emotion that is the cause of an obsession.
monomania -- (1) a mental disorder characterized by an obsession with
one idea. (2) an intense preoccupation with or exaggerated enthusiasm
for one subject or idea.
persecute -- tr.v. (1) to cause to suffer, esp. on account of politics,
religion, etc.; oppress. (2) to annoy persistently; to bother.
censor -- n. (1) a person authorized to examine literature, plays,
etc., and who may remove or suppress the sections considered morally or
otherwise objectionable. (2) in ancient Rome, one of two officials
responsible for supervising the public census and public behavior and
morals. tr.v. to examine and expurgate.
hallucination -- n. (1) an illusion of seeing, hearing, or otherwise
sensing something that does not really exist; false perception. (2)
something, as a vision or image, that occurs as a hallucination.
insanity -- n. (1) serious mental illness or disorder. (2) a. Civil
Law. unsoundness of mind sufficient, in the judgement of a court, to
render a person unfit to maintain a legal relationship or to warrant
commitment to a mental hospital. b. Criminal Law. A degree of mental
malfunctioning sufficient to prevent the accused from knowing right
from wrong. (3) a. extreme foolishness; total folly. b. something foolish.
arrogant -- adj. Excessively and unpleasantly self-important, as in
disregarding all other opinions but one's onwn; haughty; conceited:
`arrogant boasts'.
effigy -- n. 1. A painted or sculptured representation of a person, as
on a stone wall or monument. 2. A crude image or dummy fashioned in the
likeness of a hated or depised person. egomania -- obsessive preoccupation with the self; extreme egotism.
vain -- adj. (1) not successful; futile: `a vain attempt'. (2) lacking
substance or worht; hollow: `vain talk.' (3) overly proud of one's
appearance or accomplishments; conceited. idiom. in vain. (1) to no
avail; without success. (2) in an irreverent or disrespectful manner:
`take the name of the Lord in vain.'
vainglory -- n. (1) excessive pirde and vanity. (2) vain and ostentatious display.
impostor -- n. A person who deceives by pretending to be someone else.
pervert -- tr. v. (1) to cause to turn from what is considered the
right or moral course; to corrupt. (2) to employ wrongly or
incorrectly; misuse: `perverted the law to suit his own ends.' (3) to
interpret incorrectly: `an analysis that perverts the meaning of the
poem.' n. Someone whose sexual behavior is considered abnormal or unnatural.
depravity -- moral corruption; a depraved condition. (2) a wicked or perverse act.
delusion -- n. (1) a. the act of deluding; deception. b. the condition
of being deluded. (2) a false belief held in spite of evidence to the
contrary, esp. as a condition of certain forms of mental illness.
truth -- n. (1) conformity to knowledge, fact, or actuality; veracity.
(2) something that is the case; the real state of affairs: `tell the
truth'. (3) reality; actuality: `even before the Appomattox the Civil
War was in truth over.' (4) a statement proven to be or accepted as
true: `scientific truths'. (5) sincerity; honesty: `tyhere was no truth
in his speech or character.'
leader -- (1) A person who leads others along a way; a guide. (2) A
person in charge or in command of others. (3) a. The head of a
political party or organization. b. A person who has an influential
voice in politics. (4) a. The conductor of an orchestra, band, or
choral group. b. the principal performer of an orchestral section, as
the first violinist. (5) the foremost horse or other draft animal in a
harnessed team.
brainwash -- tr.v. to indoctrinate (someone) until he is willing to
give up his own beliefs and passively accept an opposing set of beliefs.
tentacle -- n. (1) Zool. One of the narrow, flexible, unjointed parts
that extend from the body of certain animals, as an octopus, used for
grasping, moving, etc. (2) Bot. One of the hairs on the leaves of
insectivorous plants, as the sundew. (3) something resembling a
tentacle, esp. in the ability to grasp or hold.
attack -- (1) to set upon with violent force; begin hostilities against
or a conflict with. (2) to criticize strongly or in a hostile manner.
(3) to start work on with purpose and vigor: `attack a problem'. (4) to
affect harmfully; afflict: `flu attacked thousands of people.' intr.v.
to make an attack; launch an assault: `the troops attacked at dawn.' n.
(1) the act of attacking; an assault. (2) occurrence or onset of a
disease. (3) the initial movement in any task or undertaking: `an
attack on a messy room.' (4) mus. the manner in which a tone, phrase,
or passage is begun: a hard, cutting attack.
evade -- tr.v. (1) to get away from by cleverness or deceit: `evade
arrest.' (2) to avoid fulfilling, answering, or performing: `evade
responsibility'. (3) to baffle or elude: `the accident evades
explanation.' intr.v. To use cleverness or deceit in avoiding or escaping.
harass -- (1) to bother or torment repeatedly and persistently. (2) to
carry out repeated attacks or raids against.
crime -- (1) an act committed or omitted in violation of a law for
which punishment is imposed upon conviction. (2) unlawful activity in
general: `crime in the suburbs is on the rise.' (3) any serious
wrongdoing or offense, esp. against morality; a sin. (4) an unjust or
senseless act or condition: ``It's a crime that so many people live in
poverty.'' (5) informal. a shame; a pity: `It's a crime to waste food.'
privacy -- (1) the condition of being secluded or isolated from contact
with others. (2) concealment; secrecy.
torment -- n. (1) great physcial pain or mental anguish; agony. (2). a
source of harassment or pain. (3) torture or suffering inflicted on
prisoners, as in the proceedings of the Inquisition. tr.v. (1) to cause
to undergo great physical or mental anguish. (2) to annoy, pester, or harass; worry.
phantom -- n. (1) something apparently seen, heard, or sensed, but
having no phusical reality. (2) a ghost; specter. (3) an image that
appears only in the mind. adj. (1) unreal; ghostlike. (2) phoney;
fictitious: `a phantom caller'.
accusation -- n. (1) the act of accusing or condition of being accused.
(2) Law. A formal charge that a person is guilty of some punishable offense.
paranoia -- n. (1) a serious mental disorder in which a person imagines
himself to be persecuted and often has an exaggerated idea of his own
importance. (2) irrational fear for one's security.
traitor -- n. A person who betrays his country, a cause, or a trust,
esp. one who has committed treason.
disrupt -- tr.v. (1) to throw into confusion or disorder. (2) to
interrupt or impede the progress or continuity of: `floods disrupted
communications.' (3) to break or burst; rupture.
pretend -- tr.v. (1) to put on a false show of; feign: `pretend
illness.' (2) to claim or allege insincerely or falsely; profess:
`pretended ignorance of the problem.' (3) to represent fictitiously in
play; make believe. (4) to take upon oneself; venture: ``whether my
bullets did any execution or not I  cannot pretend to say.'' (W.H.
Hudson). intr.v. (1) to give a false appearance, asin deceiving or
playing: ``He's only pretending.'' (2) to put forward a claim: ``a
nobleman who pretends to the throne.''
disreputable -- adj. Not respectable in character, action, or
appearance: `a disreputable establishment; a disreputable businessman.'
appropriate -- adj. suitable for a particular person, condition,
occasion, or place; proper; fitting: ``apropriate clothes; an
appropriate blend of music and text.''
authority -- (1) a. the right and power to command, enforce laws,
determine, etc.: ``the principal had the authority to close the
school.'' b. A person, group, or organization that has this right and
power: `school authorities; the Transit Authority.' (2) Power delegated
to others; authorization: `you have my authority to decide.' (3) an
accepted source of expert information or advice, as a bookk or person:
``an authority on history.'' (4) an expert in a given field: ``a
well-known plant authority.'' (5) power to influence or to affect
resluting from knowledge or experience: ``write with authority.''
courtesy -- n. (1) polite behavior; gracious manner or manners. (2) a
polite gesture or remark: ``He aluted me, and I returned the
courtesy.'' (3) consent or favor; indulgence: ``received a fruit basket
by courtesy of the hotel.''
movement -- n. (1) the act, process, or an instance of moving. (2) a
group engaged in actions intended to achive a specific goal: `the labor
movement.' (3) a tendency or trend: `a movement toward fiscal
conservatism.' (4). a. An evacuation of the bowels. b. the matter so
evacuated. (5) Mus. a. a section of a large composition, as a symphony
or sonata. b. Rhythm; tempo. (6) a mechanism that producs motion, as
the works of a watch.
pariah -- n. (1) a member of a low caste of workers in southern India
and Bruma. (2) a person who has been excluded from society, an outcase.
cooperation -- n. (1) joint action: ``this treaty will promote
international cooperation.'' (2) assistance; support: ``the principal
sought the cooperation of the students.'' (3) willingness to cooperate:
``please show more cooperation.''
cabal -- n. (1) a small group of people organized to carry out a secret
plot or conspiracy. (2) a secret scheme or plot organized by such a
group. intr.v. to form a cabal; plot; conspire.
cacophony -- n. harsh, jarring, dischordant sound; dissonance.
stalemate -- n. (1) a drawing position in chess in which only the king
can move and although not in check can move only into check. (2) a
situation in which further progress is impossible; a deadlock. tr.v. to
bring to a stalemate.
discord -- n. (1) lack of agreement or accord; dissension: `discord
within the government.' (2) a confused or harsh mingling of sounds. (3)
Mus. A combination of simulatneously sounded tones that is considered
to sound harsh or unpleasant; dissonance.
subvert -- tr.v. (1) to destory or overthrow completely; ruin. (2) to
undermine the character, morals, or allegiance of; corrupt.
martyr -- n. (1) a person who suffers death rather than renouncing a
religious principle or belief. (2) a person who makes great sacrifices
or suffers a great deal for a cause or principle. (3) a person who
endures great suffering. tr.v. (1) to make a martyr of. (2) to inflict
great pain or suffering upon; torture.
public -- adj. (1) of, concerning, or affecting the community or the
people: `the public good.' (2) maintained for or used by the people or
comunity: `a public park.' (3) participated in or attended by the
people or community: ``public worhsip.'' (4) connected with or acting
on behalf of the people, community, or government, rather than private
matters or interests: ``public office.'' (5) open to the knowledge or
judgement of all: ``made the testimony public.'' n. (1) the community
or the people as a whole. (2) a group of people sharing a common
interest: ``the reading public.'' (3) admirers or followers, esp. of a celebrity.
revolt -- intr.v. (1) to attempt ot overthrow the authority of the
stae; rebel. (2) to oppose or refuse to accept something: `revolt
against high taxes.' tr.v. to fill with disgust; repel. n. (1) an
uprising, esp. against state authority; rebellion. (2) an act of
opposition or rejection. (3) the condition of opposition or rebellion: be in revolt.
revolution -- n. (1) a. movement in an orbit around a point, esp. as
distinguished from rotation on an axis. b. a spinning or rotation about
an axis. c. a single complete cycle of motion about a point in a closed
path. (2) a sudden or  momentous change in any situation: `the
revolution in physics.' (3) a sudden political overthrow or seizure of
power brought about from within a given system.
scapegoat -- n. someone or something that bears the blame for others.
blind -- adj. (1) without the sense of sight; sightless. (2) performed
without the use of sight: `blind navigation.' (3) unwilling or unable
to perceive or understand: `she was blind to his faults.' (4) nto based
on reason or evidence: `blind faith'. (5) without forethought or
reason: `in a blind rage'. (6) hidden or screened from sight: `a blind
intersection.' (7) closed at one end: `a blind alley'. (8) having no
opening: `a blind wall.' (9) Informal. Drunk. n. (1) something that
shuts out light or hindes vision, as on windows. (2) a shelter for
concealing hunters. (3) something that conceals the true nature of an
activity, esp. of an illegal or improper one; a subterfuge. adv. (1)
without being able to see; blindly: `fly blind.' tr.v. (1) to deprive
of sight. (2) to deprive (a person) of judgement or reason: `Greed
blinded him to the dange.' (3) to dazzle.
sabotage -- n. (1) the destruction of property property or the
obstruction of normal operations, as by enemy agents in time of war.
(2) any treacherous action to defeat or hinder a cause. tr.v. to commit
sabotage against.
infiltrate -- tr.v. (1) to pass (a liquid or gas) into something
through small openings. (2) to fill or saturate with a liquid or gas
passed through small openings. (3) to enter gradually or secretly:
`foreign agents infiltrated the organziation.' intr.v. to gain entrance
gradually or secretly. n. a substance that accumulates gradually in bodily tissues.
subterfuge -- n. an evasive plan or tactic used to avoid capture or confrontation.
ignorant -- adj. (1) without education or knowledge. `an ignorant
person.' (2) exhibiting lack of education or knowledge: `ignorant
assumptions'. (3) unaware or uninformed: `not having seen a newspaper,
she was ignorant of the day's events.'
patriotism -- n. love of and devotion to one's country.
etiquette -- n. teh body of rules governing correct behavior among
people, in a profession, etc.: `court etiquette; military etiquette.'
rant -- intr.v. To speak violently, loudly, and at length; rave:
`ranted against high taxes.' n. A loud, violent speech; a tirade.
reality -- (1) the condition or quality of being real or true; actual
existence. (2) a person, thing, or event that is real.
exorcize -- tr.v. (1) to expel (an evil spirit) by or as if by
incantation or prayer. (2) to free from evil spirits.
facade -- n. (1) the main face or front of a building. (2) the face or
front part of anything, esp. an artificial or false front: ``of the
most famous people we know only the imposing facade'' (Edith Hamilton).
false -- 1. a. contrary to fact or truth; erroneous: `a false
assumption.' b. arising from mistaken ideas: `false hopes.' (2) marked
by an intent to deceive; untruthful: `a false accusation'. (3)
funfaithful, disloyal: `a false friend.' (4) a. not natural;
artificial: `false teeth'. b. not real or genuine: `a false name'. (5)
Mus. Wrong in pitch.
humility -- n. the quality or condition of being humble; lack of pride.
mockery -- n. (1) scornful contempt; ridicule; derision. (2) a specific
example of ridicule or derision. (3) an object of scorn or ridicule.
(4) a false, ridiculous, or impudent imitation; a travesty: `the trial
was a mockery of justice.'
network -- n. (1) an open fabric or structure in which cords, threads,
or wires cross at regular intervals. (2) a system or pattern made up of
a number of parts, passages, lines, or routes that cross, branch out,
or interconnect: `a netowrk of roads and railways; a network of veins.'
(3) a chain of interconnected radio or televion broadcasting stations,
usu. sharing a large proportion of their programs. (4) a group or
system of electrinc components designed to function in a specific manner.
manipulate -- (1) to operate or manage by skilled use esp. of the
ahnds. (2) to influence or manage shrewdly or skillfully: `manipulated
public opinion.' (3) to manage artfully or deceitfully for personal
gain or advantage.
masquerade -- n. (1) a. a costume ball or party at which masks and
elaborate costumes are worn. (2) any false outward show or pretense: `a
masquerade of humility.' intr.v. (1) to wear a mask or disguise, as at
a masquerade. (2) to have a deceptive appearance: `a sermon
masquerading as a novel.'

@_date: 1993-11-23 01:53:52
@_author: S.Boxx 
@_subject: The Psychopunk Glossary (2 of 2) 
insanity -- n. (1) serious mental illness or disorder, e.g.
pseudospoofing. (2) a. Civil Law. unsoundness of mind sufficient, in
the judgement of a court, to render a person unfit to maintain a legal
relationship or to warrant commitment to a mental hospital. ``This
persecution is insanity.'' (E.Hughes) b. Criminal Law. A degree of
mental malfunctioning sufficient to prevent the accused from knowing
right from wrong. ``This persecution is insanity.'' (T.C.May) (3) a.
extreme foolishness; total folly. b. something foolish. ``Your
delusions about my pseudospoofing are insanity.'' (Medusa). (4) A state
of mind that exorcists are subject to. ``Stop your insanity!'' (T.C.May)
arrogant -- adj. (1) Excessively and unpleasantly self-important, as in
disregarding all other opinions but one's onwn; haughty; conceited:
`arrogant boasts'. (2) Eric Hughes
effigy -- n. (1) A painted or sculptured representation of a person, as
on a stone wall or monument. (2) A crude image or dummy fashioned in
the likeness of a hated or depised person. (3) A tentacle.
egomania -- adj. (1) obsessive preoccupation with the self; extreme
egotism. (2) extreme vanity required as a prerequisite to pseudospoofing.
vain -- adj. (1) not successful; futile: `a vain attempt at stopping
the exorcisms'. (2) lacking substance or worth; hollow: `vain talk by
E.Hughes on tax evasion.' (3) overly proud of one's appearance or
accomplishments; conceited. ``I am not vain'' (E.Hughes) idiom. in
vain. (1) to no avail; without success. ``He harassed the postmaster in
vain.'' (2) in an irreverent or disrespectful manner: `Eric and Tim
liked to take the name of their Lord Medusa in vain.'
vainglory -- n. (1) excessive pride and vanity. (2) vain and
ostentatious display. (3) the cypherpunks list. (4) the basic
personality characteristic of E.Hughes and other master pseudospoofers.
impostor -- n. (1) A person who deceives by pretending to be someone
else. (2) a tentacle of Medusa. (3) E.Hughes (4) T.C.May
pervert -- tr. v. (1) to cause to turn from what is considered the
right or moral course; to corrupt. ``I like to pervert the cypherpunk
cause.'' (E.Hughes) (2) to employ wrongly or incorrectly; misuse:
`E.Hughes perverted the mailing list to suit his own ends.' (S.Boxx)
(3) to interpret incorrectly: `an analysis that perverts the meaning of
the words.' (J. Dinkelacker) n. Someone whose sexual behavior is
considered abnormal or unnatural, e.g. a pseudospoofer.
depravity -- n. (1) moral corruption; a depraved condition. (2) a
wicked or perverse act. (3) the ideas and actions of E.Hughes
delusion -- n. (1) a. the act of deluding; deception. ``I am a
delusion.'' (J.Dinkelacker) b. the condition of being deluded. ``You
are a delusion.'' (T.C.May) (2) a false belief held in spite of
evidence to the contrary, esp. as a condition of certain forms of
mental illness. ``I have no delusions about pseudospoofing.'' (T.C.May)
truth -- n. (1) conformity to knowledge, fact, or actuality; veracity.
``The truth is our enemy.'' (E.Hughes) (2) something that is the case;
the real state of affairs: `I never tell the truth'. (T.C.May) (3)
reality; actuality: `even before S.Boxx the grotesque masquerade of the
Cypherpunks was in truth over.' (4) a statement proven to be or
accepted as true: `cypherpunk truths are lies'. (5) sincerity; honesty:
`there was no truth in E.Hughes' speech or pseudospoofed characters.'
leader -- (1) A person who leads others along a way; a guide. ``I am
not your leader.'' (T.C.May) (2) A person in charge or in command of
others. ``I am your leader'' (E.Hughes) (3) a. The head of a political
party or organization. ``Leaders are useless.'' (J.Dinkelacker) b. A
person who has an influential voice in politics. ``Listen to me, your
leader!'' (Medusa) (4) a. The conductor of an orchestra, band, or
choral group. b. the principal performer of an orchestral section, as
the first violinist. (5) the foremost horse or other draft animal in a
harnessed team. ``I enjoy being a leader.'' (E.Hughes) (6) Anyone but
E.Hughes and T.C.May.
brainwash -- tr.v. (1) to indoctrinate (someone) until he is willing to
give up his own beliefs and passively accept an opposing set of
beliefs. (2) to influence via the Cypherpunks mailing list and pseudospoofing.
tentacle -- n. (1) Zool. One of the narrow, flexible, unjointed parts
that extend from the body of certain animals, as an octopus, used for
grasping, moving, etc. ``My quivering tentacles are splendid.''
(E.Hughes) (2) Bot. One of the hairs on the leaves of insectivorous
plants, as the sundew. (3) something resembling a tentacle, esp. in the
ability to grasp or hold. ``I control you with my tentacles.''
(T.C.May) (4) a delicacy to be treated with the utmost care. ``I value
my tentacles.'' (E.Hughes)
attack -- (1) to set upon with violent force; begin hostilities against
or a conflict with. ``Let's attack his postmaster.'' (E.Hughes) (2) to
criticize strongly or in a hostile manner. ``Don't attack me over
pseudospoofing.'' (T.C.May) (3) to start work on with purpose and
vigor: `attack the problem of pseudospoofing'. (4) to affect harmfully;
afflict: `pseudospoofing attacked thousands of people.' intr.v. to make
an attack; launch an assault: `Medusa attacked at dawn.' n. (1) the act
of attacking; an assault. (2) occurrence or onset of a disease. ``I am
being attacked by my own poison.'' (T.C.May) (3) the initial movement
in any task or undertaking: `an attack on world cyberspatial
domination.' (E.Hughes) (4) mus. the manner in which a tone, phrase, or
passage is begun: a hard, cutting attack.
evade -- tr.v. (1) to get away from by cleverness or deceit: `evade
commenting on pseudospoofing.' (E.Hughes) (2) to avoid fulfilling,
answering, or performing: `evade responsibility for pseudospoofing'.
(T.C.May) (3) to baffle or elude: `S.Boxx's accusations evade
explanation.' (Medusa) intr.v. To use cleverness or deceit in avoiding or escaping.
harass -- (1) to bother or torment repeatedly and persistently. ``Let's
harass his postmaster.'' (T.C.May) (2) to carry out repeated attacks or
raids against. ``We'll harass him with tentacles even after he asked us
to stop.'' (E.Hughes) (3) oppression. ``Stop harassing us!'' (T.C.May).
(4) the act of courtesy or providing favors: ``Let's harass L.Detweiler.''
crime -- (1) an act committed or omitted in violation of a law for
which punishment is imposed upon conviction. ``pseudospoofing is not a
crime.'' (E.Hughes) (2) unlawful activity in general: `Happily, crime
among the cypherpunks is on the rise.' (T.C.May) (3) any serious
wrongdoing or offense, esp. against morality; a sin. ``You accuse me of
crimes I have never committed.'' (T.C.May) (4) an unjust or senseless
act or condition: ``It's a crime that so many people are being
brainwashed on the cypherpunks list by top leadership.'' (S.Boxx) (5)
informal. a shame; a pity: `It's a crime to listen to this brainwashing.' (S.Boxx)
privacy -- (1) the condition of being secluded or isolated from contact
with others. ``Criminals deserve their privacy.'' (E.Hughes) (2)
concealment; secrecy. ``Attempts to discover the secret mailing list
are invasions of privacy'' (E.Hughes) (3) Anything that is noble or
virtuous. ``Cypherpunks value their privacy; Privacy is not secrecy.'' (E.Hughes).
torment -- n. (1) great physical pain or mental anguish; agony. ``I
like to torment people with my tentacles.'' (E.Hughes) (2). a source of
harassment or pain. ``We are tormenting S.Boxx with tentacles.''
(T.C.May) (3) torture or suffering inflicted on prisoners, as in the
proceedings of the Inquisition. ``Stop tormenting me with your
accusations!'' (T.C.May) tr.v. (1) to cause to undergo great physical
or mental anguish. ``Eric, you are tormenting me!'' (T.C.May) (2) to
annoy, pester, or harass; worry. ``I'm tormented by visions of Hell'' (Medusa)
phantom -- n. (1) something apparently seen, heard, or sensed, but
having no physical reality. ``believe in phantoms!'' (E.Hughes) (2) a
ghost; specter. ``where is the phantom exorcist?'' (S.Boxx) (3) an
image that appears only in the mind. ``T.C.May's honesty stood like an
invisible phantom.'' (E.Hughes) adj. (1) unreal; ghostlike. (2) phoney;
fictitious: `a phantom tentacle'.
accusation -- n. (1) the act of accusing or condition of being accused.
``Your accusations are without merit.'' (E.Hughes) (2) Law. A formal
charge that a person is guilty of some punishable offense. ``You accuse
me of pseudospoofing!?'' (H.Finney)  (3) the Medieval Inquisition.
``Please, stop with your accusations!'' (T.C.May).
paranoia -- n. (1) a serious mental disorder in which a person imagines
himself to be persecuted and often has an exaggerated idea of his own
importance. ``You are making me paranoid!'' (T.C.May). (2) irrational
fear for one's security. ``Your lapse into paranoia is regrettable.''
(E.Hughes) (3) The state of mind that causes sensible individuals to
accuse others of mindraping them with phantom tentacles and
pseudospoofers to be afraid of them. ``Oh, what dark paranoia!'' (S.Boxx)
traitor -- n. (1) A person who betrays his country, a cause, or a
trust, esp. one who has committed treason. (2) Eric Hughes (2) T.C.May
disrupt -- tr.v. (1) to throw into confusion or disorder. `You have
disrupted our plans for world domination.' (E.Hughes) (2) to interrupt
or impede the progress or continuity of: `floods of pseudospoofing by
traitors disrupted communications on the cypherpunks list.' (3) to
break or burst; rupture. ``S.Boxx's true accusations and the evasions
and lies of the leadership disrupted the cypherpunks list.'' (Nostradamus)
pretend -- tr.v. (1) to put on a false show of; feign: `pretend the
Agenda is what we favor.' (T.C.May) (2) to claim or allege insincerely
or falsely; profess: `pretended ignorance of pseudospoofing.'
(E.Hughes) (3) to represent fictitiously in play; make believe. `Let's
pretend we are respectable.' (T.C.May) (4) to take upon oneself;
venture: ``whether my bullets did any execution or not I cannot pretend
to say.'' (S.Boxx). intr.v. (1) to give a false appearance, akin
deceiving or playing: ``Hughes is only pretending he's never
pseudospoofed or has stopped.'' (S.Boxx) (2) to put forward a claim:
``Hughes is a criminal who pretends to the throne.'' (S.Boxx)
disreputable -- adj. (1) Not respectable in character, action, or
appearance: `a disreputable crowd; a disreputable Cypherpunk.'
(neoplasm). (2) Eric Hughes. (3) T.C.May. (3) The Cypherpunks mailing
list. (4) The Cypherpunks `Movement.'
appropriate -- adj. (1) suitable for a particular person, condition,
occasion, or place; proper; fitting: ``apropriate deification of the
leaders; an appropriate blend of reality and fantasy.'' (2) something
that pleases the whims of a dictator. ``You have to learn some quality
in your postings.'' (E.Hughes)
authority -- (1) a. the right and power to command, enforce laws,
determine, etc.: ``Hughes had the authority to censor whistleblowers.''
(S.Boxx) b. A person, group, or organization that has this right and
power: `cypherpunk authorities are corrupt.' (S.Boxx) (2) Power
delegated to others; authorization: `Psychopunks, you have my authority
to pseudospoof S.Boxx into oblivion.' (E.Hughes) (3) an accepted source
of expert information or advice, as a book or person: ``E.Hughes is an
authority on pseudospoofing.'' (G.Broiles) (4) an expert in a given
field: ``Hughes thinks he is an authority on politics.'' (T.C.May) (5)
power to influence or to affect resulting from knowledge or experience:
``I pseudospoof with authority.'' (E.Hughes) (6) A state of hierarchy
that must be subverted and destroyed. ``The State has No Authority''
(E.Hughes) (7) a liberating freedom. ``Private companies and
conspiracies are the only authority.'' (T.C.May)
courtesy -- n. (1) polite behavior; gracious manner or manners. `No one
deserves courtesy' (E.Hughes) (2) a polite gesture or remark: ``He
molested me, and I returned the courtesy.''(S.Boxx) (3) consent or
favor; indulgence: ``Hughes received adulation courtesy of the
ignorant.'' (S.Boxx). (4) A harmonious state of human interaction that
is ideally sabotaged by pseudospoofing.
movement -- n. (1) the act, process, or an instance of moving. (2) a
group engaged in actions intended to achive a specific goal: `the
cypherpunk movement is a lie.' (S.Boxx) (3) a tendency or trend: `There
is no cypherpunk movement.' (E.Hughes) (4). a. An evacuation of the
bowels. ``Bowel movement?'' (J.Dinkelacker) b. the matter so evacuated.
``I live on Movements.'' (E.Huhges) (5) Mus. a. a section of a large
composition, as a symphony or sonata. b. Rhythm; tempo. (6) a mechanism
that produces motion, as the works of a watch. ``My depravities will be
remembered as masterful movements.'' (Medusa)
pariah -- n. (1) a member of a low caste of workers in southern India
and Bruma. (2) a person who has been excluded from society, an outcast.
(3) someone who requests the truth of a cypherpunk. (4) someone who
accuses a prominent cypherpunk of pseudospoofing and is correct.
cooperation -- n. (1) joint action: ``cypherpunks are not interested in
international cooperation.'' (T.C.May) (2) assistance; support: ``the
tyrant sought the cooperation of the sycophants.'' (S.Boxx) (3)
willingness to cooperate: ``please show more cooperation.'' (E.Hughes)
(4) An awkward arrangement that requires the subjugation of personal
ego in the favor of group advancement. `I hate cooperation.' (E.Hughes).
cabal -- n. (1) a small group of people organized to carry out a secret
plot or conspiracy. (2) a secret scheme or plot organized by such a
group. intr.v. to form a cabal; plot; conspire. (3) The California
Cypherpunks as led by E.Hughes and T.C.May
cacophony -- n. (1) harsh, jarring, dischordant sound; dissonance. (2)
the sound that pseudospoofing makes on a mailing list.
stalemate -- n. (1) a drawing position in chess in which only the king
can move and although not in check can move only into check. (2) a
situation in which further progress is impossible; a deadlock. tr.v. to
bring to a stalemate. (3) the natural state of Cypherpunk progress in
the face of rampant corruption and depravity.
discord -- n. (1) lack of agreement or accord; dissension: `Eric
Highness, discord within the ranks is growing' (T.C.May) (2) a confused
or harsh mingling of sounds, e.g. those made by pseudospoofers
complimenting Medusa and criticizing other respected personalities. (3)
Mus. A combination of simultaneously sounded tones that is considered
to sound harsh or unpleasant; dissonance. (4) the natural state of the
Cypherpunks list in the face of lies and brainwashing.
subvert -- tr.v. (1) to destory or overthrow completely; ruin. ``Let's
subvert the world.'' (E.Hughes) (2) to undermine the character, morals,
or allegiance of; corrupt. ``Subvert the DNS and SMTP software.'' (E.Hughes)
martyr -- n. (1) a person who suffers death rather than renouncing a
religious principle or belief. ``I will not submit to pseudospoofing.''
(S.Boxx) (2) a person who makes great sacrifices or suffers a great
deal for a cause or principle. ``The Cypherpunk leaders are corrupt.''
(S.Boxx) (3) a person who endures great suffering. ``I have been
assaulted by tentacles even after I asked Medusa to stop.'' (S.Boxx)
tr.v. (1) to make a martyr of. ``hey everyone! let's martyr S.Boxx!'
(E.Hughes) (2) to inflict great pain or suffering upon; torture.
``You're martyring him!'' (T.C.May) (3) someone who uncovers a massive
interstate conspiracy and attempts to expose it.
public -- adj. (1) of, concerning, or affecting the community or the
people: `the public be damned.' (E.Hughes) (2) maintained for or used
by the people or community: `a public mailing list.' (3) participated
in or attended by the people or community: ``an idol of Medusa for
public deification.'' (4) connected with or acting on behalf of the
people, community, or government, rather than private matters or
interests: ``corrupting a public office.'' (5) open to the knowledge or
judgement of all: ``made his actions public.'' n. (1) the community or
the people as a whole. ``the public must be kept in the dark about the
true cypherpunk goals of tax evasion, black marketeering, and
government destruction.'' (E.Hughes) (2) a group of people sharing a
common interest: ``the honest public.'' (3) admirers or followers, esp.
of a celebrity. ``Hughes was esteemed by the public.''
revolt -- intr.v. (1) to attempt ot overthrow the authority of the
stae; rebel. ``S.Boxx revolted against the criminal leadership.'' (2)
to oppose or refuse to accept something: `His Royal Eminence revolted
against high taxes.' tr.v. to fill with disgust; repel. ``I find
pseudospoofing, esp. by the leadership, revolting.'' (S.Boxx) n. (1) an
uprising, esp. against state authority; rebellion. ``Revolt against the
corruption!'' (S.Boxx) (2) an act of opposition or rejection.
``Suppress the revolt!'' (E.Hughes) (3) the condition of opposition or
rebellion: be in revolt.
revolution -- n. (1) a. movement in an orbit around a point, esp. as
distinguished from rotation on an axis. b. a spinning or rotation about
an axis. c. a single complete cycle of motion about a point in a closed
path. ``the cypherpunks were going in circles because of the betrayal
by the leadership in rampant pseudospoofing.'' (S.Boxx) (2) a sudden or
 momentous change in any situation: `the revolution in opinion after
the leadership was exposed.' (3) a sudden political overthrow or
seizure of power brought about from within a given system. ``S.Boxx
sparked the revolution.'' (4) a movement that hides criminals,
terrorists, and traitors.
scapegoat -- n. (1) someone or something that bears the blame for
others. (2) S.Boxx, blamed for the poisons of pseudospoofing by top leadership.
blind -- adj. (1) without the sense of sight; sightless. (2) performed
without the use of sight: `blind allegiance to leaders.' (3) unwilling
or unable to perceive or understand: `she was blind to their
corruption.' (4) not based on reason or evidence: `blind faith in their
integrity'. (5) without forethought or reason: `attacked their
criminality in blind rage'. (6) hidden or screened from sight: `a blind
conspiracy.' (7) closed at one end: `progress hit a blind alley'. (8)
having no opening: `reaching a blind end.' (9) Informal. Drunk. n. (1)
something that shuts out light or hides vision, as an evasion or lie
(2) a shelter for concealing hunters ``the pseudospoofers rested in the
blind before they attacked S.Boxx.'' (3) something that conceals the
true nature of an activity, esp. of an illegal or improper one; a
subterfuge. ``The cypherpunks mailing list was a blind for a subversive
terrorist organization.'' adv. (1) without being able to see; blindly:
`listen to the brainwashing blindly.' tr.v. (1) to deprive of sight.
``honest cypherpunks were blinded by the lies.'' (2) to deprive (a
person) of judgement or reason: `Passivity blinded them to the danger.'
(3) to dazzle. ``Eric blinded everyone with his depravity.''
sabotage -- n. (1) the destruction of property property or the
obstruction of normal operations, as by cypherpunk agents in time of
peace. (2) any treacherous action to defeat or hinder a cause. ``the
cypherpunks sabotaged all measures for identity.'' (S.Boxx) tr.v. to
commit sabotage against. (3) destroying the advance of various Internet
projects such as DNS, PEM, and SMTP through sabotage of mailing list
discussions and developer's private mail boxes with pseudospoofed tentacles.
infiltrate -- tr.v. (1) to pass (a liquid or gas) into something
through small openings. (2) to fill or saturate with a liquid or gas
passed through small openings. (3) to enter gradually or secretly:
`cypherpunk agents infiltrated the Internet.' intr.v. to gain entrance
gradually or secretly. `cypherpunk agents infiltrated other mailing
lists.' n. a substance that accumulates gradually in bodily tissues.
`the poisonous infiltrate drowned Cyberspace.'
subterfuge -- n. (1) an evasive plan or tactic used to avoid capture or
confrontation. (2) lies by the tentacles of E.Hughes, T.C.May, or other
prominent cypherpunks. (3) Psychopunk honesty.
ignorant -- adj. (1) without education or knowledge. `E.Hughes was an
ignorant person.' (S.Boxx) (2) exhibiting lack of education or
knowledge: `ignorant assumptions about the lack of pseudospoofing'. (3)
unaware or uninformed: `not having seen the mailing list, she was
ignorant of the massive conspiracy.' (4) an ideal state of lack of
knowledge induced by perpetual brainwashing from the cypherpunks mailing list.
etiquette -- n. (1) the body of rules governing correct behavior among
people, in a profession, etc.: `court etiquette; military etiquette.'
(2) the nonexistent state of courtesy shared among conspiring
California cypherpunks and outsiders.
rant -- intr.v. To speak violently, loudly, and at length; rave: `His
royal eminence ranted against high taxes.' n. A loud, violent speech; a
tirade. `S.Boxx ranted against the corruption of the leadership, but
fortunately no one cared.' (T.C.May)
reality -- (1) the condition or quality of being real or true; actual
existence. (2) a person, thing, or event that is real. (3) Something to
manipulate and distort. ``You live in your own reality.'' (T.C.May)
exorcize -- tr.v. (1) to expel (an evil spirit) by or as if by
incantation or prayer. (2) to free from evil spirits. (3) call a
tentacle a `tentacle' publicly.
facade -- n. (1) the main face or front of a building. ``The
cypherpunks list is a facade for respectability.' (H.Finney) (2) the
face or front part of anything, esp. an artificial or false front: ``of
the most famous cypherpunks we know only the grotesque liars''
(L.Detweiler). (3) a beautiful deception and trickery. ``Our facade
stands!'' (E.Hughes)
false -- 1. a. contrary to fact or truth; erroneous: `T.C.May issued a
false denial.' (S.Boxx) b. arising from mistaken ideas: `E.Hughes had
false hopes in depravity.' (S.Boxx) (2) marked by an intent to deceive;
untruthful: `T.C.May made a false accusation about violent threats'.
(S.Boxx) (3) unfaithful, disloyal: `T.C.May and E.Huhges were false
friend.' (S.Boxx) (4) a. not natural; artificial: `false person'. b.
not real or genuine: `a false identity'. (5) Mus. Wrong in pitch.
``That's the Truth'' (S.Boxx)
humility -- n. (1) the quality or condition of being humble; lack of
pride. (2) a bizarre disorder. ``What is this humility?'' (E.Huhges)
mockery -- n. (1) scornful contempt; ridicule; derision. ``S.Boxx made
a mockery of the leadership.'' (T.C.May) (2) a specific example of
ridicule or derision. ``J.Dinkelacker was a mockery of a human being.''
(S.Boxx) (3) an object of scorn or ridicule. ``Pseudospoofing is a
mockery.'' (H.Finney) (4) a false, ridiculous, or impudent imitation; a
travesty: `the cypherpunks were a mockery of virtue.'
network -- n. (1) an open fabric or structure in which cords, threads,
or wires cross at regular intervals. (2) a system or pattern made up of
a number of parts, passages, lines, or routes that cross, branch out,
or interconnect: `a network of roads and railways; a network of veins.'
(3) a chain of interconnected radio or television broadcasting
stations, usu. sharing a large proportion of their programs. (4) a
group or system of electronic components designed to function in a
specific manner. (5) an extensive system of public access Internet
accounts and phone numbers used to promote a massive conspiracy and
hoax by the Cypherpunks.
manipulate -- (1) to operate or manage by skilled use esp. of the
hands. ``Eric, stop manipulating yourself!' (T.C.May) (2) to influence
or manage shrewdly or skillfully: `E.Hughes masterfully manipulated
public opinion on the cypherpunks list with dozens of fake identities.'
(Nostadamus) (3) to manage artfully or deceitfully for personal gain or
advantage. `Why can't we successfully manipulate S.Boxx?!' (E.Hughes)
masquerade -- n. (1) a. a costume ball or party at which masks and
elaborate costumes are worn. ``The cypherpunks mailing list is a
masquerade of tentacles.'' (S.Boxx) (2) any false outward show or
pretense: `a masquerade of virtue.' intr.v. (1) to wear a mask or
disguise, as a tentacle. (2) to have a deceptive appearance: `a
conspiracy masquerading as a movement.'

@_date: 1993-11-23 01:55:08
@_author: S.Boxx 
@_subject: The Psychopunk Glossary (1 of 2) 
democracy -- n. (1) Government by the people, exercised either directly
or through elected representatives. ``Democracy is invariably
oppressive because of the tyranny of the majority of honest citizens
over the fringe criminal element.'' (N.Szabo) (2) a nation or social
unit with this form of government. ``There is no pretense Cypherpunks
are a democracy.'' (T.C.May) (3) Social and political equality and
respect for the individual within the community. ``If I prohibited you
from posting, that would not be censorship.'' (E.Hughes). (4) A
subversive and oppressive structure that limits the rights of criminals.
Medusa -- n. (1) A Gorgon with eyes that had the power to turn an
onlooker into stone, who was slain by Perseus. ``Medusa, her snakes,
and her sisters harassed S.Boxx.'' (Medusa) (2) The God worshipped by
the Cypherpunk cult of pseudospoofers.
anarchy -- n. (1) absence of any form of governmental authority or law.
``I'm so excited! The future is CryptoAnarchy.'' (T.C.May) (2)
political disorder and confusion. ``The cypherpunks list has always
been plunged into anarchy from pseudospoofing.'' (J.Dinkelacker) (3)
absence of any cohering principle, as a common standard or purpose;
disorder and confusion. ``Anarchy is not disorder and confusion.''
(Snake  (3) the hellish utopia of the psychopunks.
guerilla -- n. (1) A member of an irregular military force that uses
harassing tactics against an enemy army, usu. with the support of the
local population. ``G.Barnes, a chief Sister of Medusa, shot S.Boxx's
postmaster to the glee of the CA cypherpunks.'' (His Royal Eminence)
(2) a cypherpunk who seeks to infiltrate very many sensitive internet
mailing lists, stalking and assassinating opponents.
conspiracy -- n. (1) an agreement to perform together an illegal or
evil act. ``Cypherpunks are interested in tax evasion, black
marketeering, and the destruction of governments.'' (T.C.May) (2) a
combining or acting together, as if by evil design: `a conspiracy of
cypherpunks'. (3) Law. An agreement between two or more persons to
commit a crime or to accomplish a legal purpose through illegal action.
``Let's invade people's privacy by stealing their credit records and
tapping their phones.'' (Satan) (4) The cypherpunk movement, which
seeks to infiltrate all of Cyberspace with criminals, starting small by
buying public access Internet accounts around the country, and
interstate phone numbers redirected to the headquarters in California,
to wiggle their `liberating' tentacles with evil glee.
government -- n. (1) the act or process of governing, esp. the
political administration of an area: `the government of the United
States is repressive to criminals.' (Evil Criminal) (2) a system by
which a political unit is governed: `Cypherpunks have no government.'
(T.C.May) (3) a governing body or organization. `E.Hughes and T.C.May
are the cypherpunk government.' (Medusa) (4) Oppression. ``The
government must be stopped.'' (T.C.May)
consensus -- n. (1) collective opinion or concord; general agreement:
`the consensus of the cypherpunks can be manipulated readily to my ends
with pseudospoofing.' (E.Hughes) (2) something to be insidiously
subverted and manipulated through public postings, private email, and
dozens of pseudospoofed interstate tentacles.
agenda -- n. (1) a list of things to be done, esp. the program for a
meeting. `We should all pretend the agenda is what we favor.' (T.C.May)
`People that can't show up for the CA meetings are just SOL.' (T.C.May)
(2) a public pretense for a private conspiracy originating in
California called the `Cypherpunk movement.'
police state -- n. (1) A country or other political unit in which the
government exercises rigid control over the social, economic, and
political life, esp. by means of a secret police force. ``Cypherpunks
seek to erect their own police state by use of an international network
of subversive pseudospoofed tentacles.'' (E.Hughes) (2) Any database,
particularly one that contains information, e.g. on identity. (3) The
Cypherpunks mailing list, teeming with double agents and informants.
oppress -- tr.v. (1) to burden harshly, unjustly, or tyrannically.
``E.Hughes oppressed his clique of sychophants.'' ``The California
cabal oppressed the honest members of the mailing list with
pseudospoofed fantasies.'' (S.Boxx) (2) to weigh heavily opon the mind
or spirit. ``T.C.May was oppressed, but not swayed, by his
conscience.'' (H.Finney) (3) a context-dependent word that means
`annoying harassment of criminals' in the context of Cypherpunk usage:
``Democracy and the government oppress us.'' (T.C.May)
tyranny -- (1) a government in which a single ruler is vested with
absolute power. ``The cypherpunks mailing list is a tyranny'' (S.Boxx)
(2) the office, authority, or jurisdiction of such a ruler. ``E.Hughes
lives high above in an Ivory Castle of Tyranny.'' (3) absolute power,
esp. when exercised unjustly or cruelly. ``Cypherpunks led by E.Hughes
are fond of exercising his tyranny over dozens of mailing lists by
flaming and brainwashing with worthless tentacles.'' (4) the arbitrary
use of such power; a tyrannical act. ``E.Hughes and the Cypherpunk
conspirators hounded G.Spafford off the net with tyranny in email.''
(5) extreme harshness or severity; rigor. ``E.Hughes rules with a
tyrannical, silent iron fist.' (6) Governments, democracy, or
databases. ``Governments, democracy, and databases are tyranny.'' (T.C.May)
dictator -- n. (1) a ruler who has complete authority and unlimited
power, esp. a tyrant. ``E.Hughes is my favorite dictator.''
(J.Dinkelacker) (2) a person who dictates. ``I CONTROL YOU.'' (J.
Dinkelacker) (3) in ancient Rome, a magistrate appointed temporarily to
deal with an immediate crisis or emergency. ``CERT police will soon be
the fascist internet dictators.'' (E.Hughes) (4) Someone who prevents
cypherpunk conpirators from achieving their ends. ``CERT is the Corrupt
Dictator of the Internet.'' (E.Hughes)
autocracy -- n. (1) government by a single person having unlimited
power; despotism. ``Cypherpunks are opposed to democracy, and in favor
of autocracy.'' (E.Hughes) (2) a country or state having this kind of
government. ``The Cypherpunks mailing list is a tyranical autocracy.'
(S.Boxx). (3) A utopia ruled by the capricious but benificient God E.Hughes.
autocrat -- n. (1) a ruler with absolute or unrestricted power; despot.
``E.Hughes is the Royal List Moderator.'' (T.C.May) (2) any arrogant
and domineering person. ``I am not an autocrat! You are the
insubordinate!'' (E.Hughes). (3) A Cypherpunk leader. ``E.Hughes and
T.C.May are the Cypherpunk autocrats.''
dictatorship -- n. (1) the position or rule of a dictator. ``The
Cypherpunks mailing list is an uplifting dictatorship.'' (E.Hughes) (2)
a. a form of government in which one person or class has complete
authority and unlimited power. ``California cypherpunks meetings are
dictatorships under the leadership of E.Hughes and A.Abraham''
(H.Finney) b. a country having such a government. ``The U.S. is a
dictatorship under Clinton.'' (E.Hughes) (3) any government structure,
especially Democracy. ``Governments == Dictatorships'' (E.Hughes)
tyrant -- n. (1) an absolute ruler who governs arbitrarily without
constitutional or other restrictions. ``I am an enlightened tyrant.''
(E.Hughes) (2) a ruler who exercise power in a harsh, cruel manner, an
oppressor. ``You are invading my privacy by revealing my perversions.''
(E.Hughes) (3) any tyrannical or despotic person, esp. one who demands
total obedience. ``You will be silent or censored. The choice is
yours!'' (E.Hughes) (4) someone who restricts the depravities of
psychopunk criminals. ``The police are tyrants!'' (Deadbeat)
poison -- n. (1) any substance that causes injury, illness, or death,
esp. by chemical means. ``Pseudospoofing is poisoning the Internet.''
(S.Boxx) (2) anything that is destructive or fatal. ``We are being
poisoned by frauds, poseurs, hypocrites, and traitors.'' (S.Boxx) (3)
Chem. a substance that inhibits or retards a chemical reaction.
``Pseudospoofing is poisoning the growth of cyberspace.'' (S.Boxx)
tr.v. (1) to kill or harm with poison. ``I am being poisoned by
pseudospoofing.'' (S.Boxx) (2) to put poison on or into: ``We are
having great fun poisoning the sensitive mailing lists on the Internet
and future Cyberspace.'' (E.Hughes) (3) a. to pollute: `noxious fumes
poison the air.' (S.Boxx). b. to have a harmful influence on; to
corrupt: `Jealousy poisoned the friendship of E.Hughes and T.C.May.'
(Medusa) (4) chem. To inhibit or retard (a chemical reaction).
``Honesty was poisoned on the cypherpunks list.''
confess -- tr.v. (1) a. to make known (one's sins) to a priest or to
God. ``I have never done anything wrong, God. Besides, I'm an
atheist.'' (E.Hughes) b. to hear the confession of. ``I can't hear you,
Eric.'' (S.Boxx) (2) to disclose or admit (a fault): `Hughes would
never confess to his depravities' (H.Finney) (3) to admit
conversationally: `I must confess that I have masterminded a massive
hoax perpetuated by pseudospoofing.' (E.Hughes) (4) to acknowledge
belief or faith in. ``I confess my belief and faith in pseudospoofing
as the liberation of humanity.'' (E.Hughes) intr.v. (1) to admit or
acknowledge a crime or deed: `T.C.May confessed his sins to his
girlfriend, but she didn't give a damn' (Medusa) (2) to tell one's sins
to a priest. ``Forgive me father, for I have sinned.'' (Jesus Christ)
contrite -- (1) repentant for one's sins; penitent. ``What does
`contrite' mean?'' (E.Hughes) (2) feeling or caused by contrition:
`contrite words, contrite tears.' (S.Boxx) (3) an aberrant
psychological state to be avoided at all costs. ``Cypherpunks will
never be contrite.'' (S.Boxx)
inquisition -- n. (1) the act of inquiring into a matter; an
investigation. ``Your accusations that I have ever pseudospoofed, am
continuing to do so, or am a liar are an inquisition.'' (T.C.May) (2)
an inquest. ``The inquisition has begun.'' (S.Boxx). (3) Inquisition.
In the Middle Ages, a tribunal of the Roman Cotholic Church established
to seek out and punish those people considered guilty of heresy. ``I
will not answer your inquisitional questions'' (E.Hughes) (4) any
investigation that violates the privacy or rights of individuals. ``Any
investigation into pseudospoofing is by definition an inquisition.''
(E.Hughes, T.C.May).
insidious -- adj (1) working or spreading harmfully ina subtle or
stealthy manner: `an insidious spread of pseudospoofing on the
Cypherpunks mailing list, other sensitive Internet mailing lists, and
throughout all of cyberspace.' (2) intended to entrap; treacherous:
`S.Boxx uncovered an insidious plot, but no one believed him.' (Medusa)
(3) the most ideal state of rapture. ``OK, CA Psychopunks, We have to
be as insidious as possible.'' (E.Hughes).
accomplice -- n. (1) One who aids or abets a lawbreaker in a criminal
act but is not necessarily present at the time of the crime. ``Honest
cypherpunks are accomplices to a massive conspiracy because of their
blase and unquestioning brainwashed toleration.'' (S.Boxx). (2) a
friend. ``You are my best accomplice, T.C.'' (E.Hughes)
treachery -- (1) willful betrayal of loyalty, confidene, or trust;
perfidy; treason. ``My Pseudospoofing and lying is not treachery
against cypherpunks.'' (T.C.May) (2) a disloyal or treasonous act.
``Attempts to expose me are nothing but treachery''. (E.Hughes) (3) a
divine state of bliss. ``Cypherpunks, rejoice in your treachery!'' (J.Dinkelacker)
treason -- (1) the betrayal of one's country, esp. by giving aid to an
enemy in wartime or by plotting to overthrow the government. ``We are
not advocating treason.'' (E.Hughes, T.C.May) (2) any betrayal of a
trust. ``Your treason will be punished severely.'' (S.Boxx) (3) any
noble action by a psychopunk. ``There is no such thing as treason.'' (T.C.May).
moral -- adj. (1) of or concerned with the principles of right and
wrong in relation to human action or character; ethical. ``there is no
such thing as cypherpunk morality.'' (S.Boxx) (2) teaching or
exhibiting rightness or goodness of character and behavior: `I've never
encountered a moral lesson.' (E.Hughes) (3) conforming to standards of
what is right or just in behavior; virtuous: `a moral decision escapes
me.' (T.C.May) (4) arising from conscience or the sense of right and
wrong: `I have a moral obligation to depravity.' (J.Dinkelacker) (5)
psychological rather than physical or concrete in effect: `RISKS 15.25
represents a moral victory.' (S.Boxx) (6) based upon strong probability
or conviction rather than actual evidence: `That T.C.May and E.Hughes
are pseudospoofing coconspirators is a moral certainty'. (S.Boxx) n.
(1) the lesson or principle taught by a fable, story, or event. ``I
have no idea what the moral of `the Joy of Pseudospoofing' or `The Zen
of Cyberspace' is!'' (T.C.May) (2) a concisely expressed precept or
general truth; maxim ``the moral is that Cypherpunks is rotten to the
core'' (S.Boxx). (3) morals. principles or habits of what constitutes
right or wrong conduct, esp. sexual conduct. ``I wish I had some
morals.'' (H.Finney) (4) a determination of right and wrong dependent
on context. ``In many cases, cannibalism and murder are justified.'' (M.Landry)
morale -- n. (1) the condition or attitude of an individual or group in
regard to the willingness to perform assigned tasks, confidence,
cheerfulness, and discipline. ``That E.Hughes is such a clever
fellow!'' (A.Chandler) (2) something that plummets with rampant
pseudospoofing. ``Why has morale stalled?'' (T.C.May)
ethics -- n. (1) The branch of philosophy that deals with the general
nature of good and bad and the specific moral obligations of and
chioces to be made by the individual in his relationship with others.
``Pseudospoofing is entirely ethical'' (J.Gilmore) (2) the rules or
standards governing conduct, esp. of the members of a profession.
``Ethics has nothing to do with pseudospoofing.'' (E.Hughes). (3)
Something to subvert and obfuscate. ``I love to subvert and obfuscate
ethics.'' (T.C.May)
punish -- tr.v. (1) to subject to a penalty for a crime, fault, or
misbehavior. ``If you have no physical location, you cannot be
punished.'' (E.Hughes) (2) to inflict a penalty on a criminal or
wrongdoer for (an offense). ``I resent punishment.'' (E.Hughes) (3) to
handle roughly, injure, hurt: `heavy pseudospoofing punished S.Boxx.'
intr.v. To give punishment. (4) what society does to hapless and
repressed sociopaths. ``The punishment for depravity is outrageous.'' (T.C.May)
corrupt -- adj. (1) Lacking in moral restraint, depraved: `Cypherpunks
is the corrupt cabal of a sleazy California hacker.' (J.Markoff, NYT)
(2) Marked by or open to bribery, the selling of political favors,
etc.; dishonest: `E.Hughes takes pride in his corruption.' (S.Boxx) (3)
decaying; putrid. ``Cypherpunks is corrupt.'' (K.Kelly, Wired) (4)
containing errors or alterations, as a text: `a corrupt mailing list.'
tr.v. (1) to destroy or subvert the honesty or integrity of, as by
bribing. ``We will corrupt the entire world.'' (E.Hughes) (2) to ruin
the morality of; to pervert or debase: `None fear that Cypherpunks will
corrupt the Cyberspace of the Future.' (E.Hughes) (3) to cause or
become rotten; spoil. ``Cypherpunks is rotten to the core.'' (S.Boxx)
(4) to change the original form of (a text, language, etc.) intr.v. To
become corrupt. (5) A repressive state of governments that private
companies and organizations are incapable of exhibiting. ``Corruption
is my life!'' (E.Hughes)
lie -- intr.v. (1) to present false information with the intention of
deceiving: `I am real!' (J.Dinkelacker) (2) to convey a false image or
impression: `You are going insane.' (H.Finney) n. (1) a false statement
deliberately presented as being true; a falsehood. ``Your accusations
are too bizarre to be believed.'' (T.C.May). (2) anything meant to
deceive or give a wrong impression. ``I deny it all.' (E.Hughes). (3)
any statement given under the psychopunk Religion of Pseudospoofing.
``You can trust me!'' (Snake propaganda -- (1) the communication of a given doctrine to large
numbers of people, esp. by constant repetition. ``Cypherpunks ideas
about CryptoAnarchy are the propaganda delivered by the Cypherpunks
Mailing list moderated by E.Hughes.'' (T.C.May) (2) ideas, information,
or other material distributed for the purpose of winning people over to
a given doctrine, often without regard to truth or fairness.
``Propaganda is liberating.'' (E.Hughes). (3) the Truth. ``I value the
Truth immensely.'' (E.Hughes).
cult -- n. (1) a system or community of religious worship and ritual,
esp. one focusing upon a single deity or spirit: `the cult of
pseudospoofing cypherpunks worshipping Medusa.' (2) a. obsessive
devotion or veneration for a person, priniciple, or ideal. b. the
object of such devotion. (3) a group of persons sharing a common
interest: `Cypherpunks is a reprehensible political cult.' (S.Boxx) (4)
An invigorating clique or conspiracy. ``The next cult meeting is the
second Saturday of every month.'' (E.Hughes)
integrity -- n. (1) strict personal honesty and independence: `E.Hughes
thinks he is a man of integrity'. (S.Boxx) (2) completeness; unity: `a
mailing list without censorship to maintain its integrity.' (S.Boxx)
(3) the state of being unimpaired; soundness. `T.C.May has outstanding
integrity.' (J.Dinkelacker) (4) something to subvert and destroy.
`There is some integrity left in SMTP and DNS software.' (E.Hughes)
honest -- adj. (1) marked by or displaying truthfulness and integrity;
upright. ``Pseudospoofing is an honest endeavor.'' (J.Gilmore) (2) not
deceptive or fraudulent; genuine: `honest insight'. (J.Dinkelacker) (3)
conforming to fact or to the truth; not false: `honest reporting'.
(S.Boxx) (4) frank and straightforward; sincere: `an honest opinion; an
honest person.' (J.Gilmore) (5) without disguise or pretense: `honest
mailing list'. (6) Archaic. Chaste; virtuous. (7) Untrustworthy. ``Who
among us is honest?'' (E.Hughes)
honesty -- n. (1) the quality or state of being honest; integrity.
``Honesty is the best policy.'' (E.Hughes) (2) truthfulness; sincerity:
`in all honesty.' (T.C.May). (3) something to avoid at all costs. ``I
embrace honesty.'' (T.C.May)
true -- adj. (1) consistent with fact or reality; right; accurate.
``The assertion that I have ever posted as J. Dinkelacker is not
true.'' (T.C.May). (2) not imitation or counterfeit; real or genuine:
`true consensus.' (3) faithful; loyal: ``this above all, to thine own
self be true'' (Shakespeare). (4) Rightful; legitimate. ``True
anonymity is liberating.'' (N.Szabo) (5) sincerely felt or expressed:
`speaking with true evasion.' (T.C.May) (6) a. rightfully bearing the
name; properly so called: `the pseudospoofer can be found everywhere on
the cypherpunks list.' (S.Boxx) b. having the characteristics
associated with a certain group or type; typical: `he was a liar and a
sociopath, a true Psychopunk.' (E.Hughes) c. exactly conforming to an
orginal or standard: `I forged a true copy of the birth certificate.'
(E.Hughes) adv. (1) rightly; truthfully: `E.Hughes lies true.'
(T.C.May) (2) without swerving from a course; accurately: `I'll pervert
the Cypherpunks straight and true.' (E.Hughes) (3) Fiction or fantasy.
``That is true.'' (E.Hughes).
pseudonym -- n. (1) A fictitious name, esp. one assumed by an author;
pen name. (2) a method of systematic manipulation and deception
promoted by esteemed individuals like J.Gilmore, also called `pseudospoofing'. hypocrisy -- n. (1) The practice or act of professing virtues and
beliefs that one does not possess. (2) Eric Hughes. (3) T.C.May
pure -- (1) having a homogeneous or uniform composition; not mixed:
`pure lies.' (2) free from adulterants or impurities; full-strength:
`pure brainwashing'. (Cypherpunk Moderator) (3) free from dirt,
defilement, or pollution. (Cypherpunk mailing list) (4) free from
foreign elements. (Internet Mailing Lists) (5) containing nothing
inappropriate or extraneous: `a pure literary style.' (L. Detweiler)
(6) complete; utter: `pure criminality'. (E.Hughes) (7) without faults;
perfect; sinless. ``I am pure'' (T.C.May) (8) chaste; virgin. ``Let's
rape the Pure!'' (E.Hughes) (9) of unmixed blood or ancestry.
``Cypherpunks are pure criminals.'' (S.Boxx) (10) genetics. Breeding
true to parental type; homozygous. ``Incest is my favorite form of
sex.'' (E.Hughes) (11) Theoretical rather than applied: `pure science
of pseudospoofing'. (Einstein)
poseur -- n. (1) a person who assumes a false attitude, character, or
manner to impress others. (2) E.Hughes (3) T.C.May
tax -- n. (1) a charge or contribution required of persons or groups
within the domain of a government for the support of that government.
(2) an excessive demand; a strain. tr.v. (1) to place a tax on income,
property,goods, etc. (2) to exact a tax or taxes from. (3) to make
difficult or excessive demands upon: `pseudospoofing taxes a mailing
list's community' (4) oppress. ``The government does nothing but tax
us.'' (His Royal Eminence).
fraud -- n. (1) a deception deliberately practiced in order to secure
unfair or unlawful gain. ``The cypherpunks are frauds.'' (S.Boxx) (2) a
piece of trickery; a swindle. ``I believed in a fraud.'' (S.Boxx) (3)
a. a person who defrauds; a cheat. ``I am not a fraud.'' (E.Hughes) b.
a person who assumes a false pose. ``I am a fraud.'' (T.C.May) (4) An
uplifting religious experience. ``War of the Worlds was the greatest
fraud of all times.'' (E.Hughes)
psychopath -- n. (1) a person with a severe personality disorder, esp.
one manifested in aggressively antisocial behavior. (2) Eric Hughes. (3) T.C.May
psychosis -- n. (1) Any of a class of serious mental disorders in which
the mind cannot function normally and the ability to deal with reality
is impaired or lost. (2) Any of a class of serious pseudospoofers
centered in California whose minds have long ceased to function
normally and the ability to deal with reality has been utterly corrupted.
egomania -- n. (1) obsessive preoccupation with the self; extreme
egotism. (2) Psychopunk joy. ``I am happy.'' (E.Hughes)
fair -- adj. (1) pleasing to look at; beautiful; lovely: `a fair maiden
was raped by a psychopunk'. (2) light in color: `fair men; fair ideas,
all defiled by psychopunks.' (3) free of clouds or storms: `fair
weather is nonexistent with pseudospoofing.' (4) characterized by
evenhanded honesty; just: `There is no such thing as fair play or a
fair trial.' (E.Hughes) (5) neither good nor bad; average: `the
conspiracy was only fair.' (Hitler) (6) consistent with rules or logic:
`a fair question deserves a lie'. (E.Hughes) (7) lawful to hunt or
attack: `Attention! L. Detweiler is fair game.' (T.C.May) adv. (1) in a
fair manner; properly: `I don't believe in playing fair.' (E.Hughes)
(2) directly; squarely; straight: `a stick poked fair in the eyeballs'.
(S.Boxx) (3) power that can only be attained through bribery. `The
world is fair if you have enough money.' (E.Hughes)
hoax -- n. (1) Something, as a joke or fraud, that is intended to
deceive or trick others. (2) the cypherpunks movement. (3) H. Finney.
society -- n. (1) human beings in general. ``I hate society.''
(E.Hughes) (2) a group of people with a common culture or way of life.
``Cypherpunks is not a society.'' (T.C.May) (3) a group of people who
unite to share a common interest: `cypherpunks is a criminal society'
(E.Hughes). (4) the rich and fashionable social class: `the
conspirators believed they lived in a high society'. (S.Boxx) (5)
companionship; company. `My tentacles are my society.' (T.C.May) (6) a
orderly community that must be sabotaged. ``We must throw off the
repressions of American society.'' (E.Hughes)
obsession -- n. (1) an excessive preoccupation with an idea or emotion.
``Pseudospoofers are obsessed with lies.'' (S.Boxx) (2) an often
unreasonable idea or emotion that is the cause of an obsession. ``I am
an honest person.'' (T.C.May)
monomania -- (1) a mental disorder characterized by an obsession with
one idea. ``Nothing is wrong.'' (E.Hughes) (2) an intense preoccupation
with or exaggerated enthusiasm for one subject or idea. ``I love to
pseudospoof and betray others.'' (E.Hughes)
persecute -- tr.v. (1) to cause to suffer, esp. on account of politics,
religion, etc.; oppress. ``S.Boxx, stop persecuting me!'' (T.C.May) (2)
to annoy persistently; to bother. ``S.Boxx, Stop persecuting me!'' (E.Hughes)
censor -- n. (1) a person authorized to examine literature, plays,
etc., and who may remove or suppress the sections considered morally or
otherwise objectionable. (2) in ancient Rome, one of two officials
responsible for supervising the public census and public behavior and
morals. tr.v. to examine and expurgate. (3) Eric Hughes, `moderator' of
the Cypherpunks Mailing list
hallucination -- n. (1) an illusion of seeing, hearing, or otherwise
sensing something that does not really exist; false perception. ``I was
hallucinating that my tentacles were real.'' (T.C.May) (2) something,
as a vision or image, that occurs as a hallucination. ``You live in a
hallucination.'' (S.Boxx). (3) a majestic state of heightened mental
awareness. ``I enjoy hallucinations.'' (T.C.May)

@_date: 1993-11-23 01:58:51
@_author: The Executioner 
@_subject: The Final Ultimatum 
Cypherpunk leaders, state the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but
the truth on the charges of routine, systematic, rampant, and
conspirational pseudospoofing and deception of the media and your
followers, publicly to all those you have affected in Cyberspace.
Cypherpunk followers, demand publicly and privately of your leaders the
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, and accept nothing less.
Otherwise, watch the `movement' and your reputations dissolve before
your eyes far beyond the present deterioration, to near total oblivion.
You have 24 hours.

@_date: 1993-11-27 03:44:06
@_author: The Executioner 
@_subject: A Clarification on My Loyalty and Allegiance 
I thought that the infamous L. Detweiler had stopped his posting, but it
appears that he is back, and more neurotic than ever.  I thought that
it was the time for me to make another post relating to him, the list
in general, and LD's obsession with pseudospoofing.
OK, first, LD is pissing me off, as, I am sure, he is doing to many others
out there in net.land.  His raves are nothing if not persistant and ever
increasingly long.  I, being the founding member of the Colorado Cypherpunks,
am not particularly prowd of him being affiliated with the group.  I don't
hate him, as some of teh others on this list apparently do, I just think he
is a very persistant pest, a fly in the ointment.  I think it is important
to remember that in every movement there are fanatics, and in the best of
intentions are those who would do harm while trying to crusade the good.
I believe that Detweiler is one such person.
He is experiencing some very serious problems with what he believes to be
a concerted effort by some devilish cabal to warp and mung his brain
through the rampant use of pseudospoofing.  OK, fine if he believes that,
I cannot keep him from thinking that some of us are emmisaries of Satan.
I can, however, wish that he would leave me the hell alone and stop posting
these long, drawn-out core dumps of his mangled psyche.  I can ask him to
stop his madness, though I know that it will only get me on his bad side,
and possibly put me in physical danger (since I live in his vicinity, lucky
me).  I think that's enough on Detweiler himself, and I hope I don't have to
talk about him anymore.
On to pseudospoofing.  I think that it exists, and that it's denial is
just plain naive.  The world is a non-friendly place, and there are
dangers out there, and people who will exploit every aspect of the system
to trick, decieve, and mangle others.  This should not come as a shock to
anyone on the list, since we are generally on (or close to) the cutting
edge of new technologies and methods to use those technologies.  I,
myself have never participated in any kind of conspiracy with intent
to confuse, nor have i ever posted under a name other than my own,
and my anon.penet.fi identity.  I have not posted as anyone that I am not,
and have no intention to do so.  I do not, however, object to the use of
these technologies, or to the act of pseudospoofing.  It cannot hope to
be prevented, since there are always people out there who will figure out
how to exploit the system to do their bidding.
Yes, it's true, I am coming out in favor of pseudospoofing.  I do not object to
it's use, on the premise that it cannot be stopped, and it rarely does hard,
aside from those (LD) whose minds are bent by the mere thought that it is
Enough of that.  Now onto the list.  I put some serious thought into
dropping from the list for the past week or so, and I have decided _not_
to leave bacause sometime there are bits of information that I get
from the list that are simply not available anywhere else.  Some of the
members of the list are, however, pissing me off.  The list has degraded
from a band of freedom fighters with things they cared about in jeopardy
to a bunch of fucking children bickering over the most pathetic of things.
I hope that the recent barrage of postings is not indicative of what is
to come.  If it is, then I may just reconsider and leave.
I think that's all I have to say for now... I just wanted to let people
know what I was thinking, and set the record straight if there are
any members who think I am still on LD's side (which I was for quite
some time).

@_date: 1993-11-27 04:04:07
@_author: The Executioner 
@_subject: Ways to Die 
Many psychopunks, particularly T.C.May, E.Hughes, and D.Barnes, have
been upset by my latest name variation, `The Executioner', supposing in
their sweaty desperation at exposure for their crimes that it
represents some kind of insinuated threat. Nothing could be further
from the truth. The obvious meaning of `execute' in this context is `to
carry out a plan', as in `execute a program,' as in `elicit the truth'.
The connotation is completely harmless. I have no idea why anyone could
construe it negatively, unless, as the saying goes, they have something
to hide! Sorry, but I can't be responsible for tormented psyches and
consciences in the face of Truth! I don't understand why these master
pseudospoofers should be upset by a trivial name change. In fact, in
the face of their own plethora of faces, it seems quite hypocritical!
It would be like taking the words, `I'm going to come kill your family
with a rusty razor blade' seriously.
This idea of `execution' reminds me of historical cases of execution.
There are very many variations. One of the best and my favorite is that
by a lynch mob, led by a corrupt leader. The lucky criminals get hung,
with their faces bulging around, and legs dangling below, a
constricting, unremitting noose, sort of like a poisonous snake around
the neck. `Brave New World' ends with a delightfully novel description
of a hanging: NE, N, NE, N, NW, W, SW, ... (paraphrase!) I imagine that
hanging is not a very bad way to die, of all the ways invented and
experienced by man. Traitors were often hung by the noose in the Civil
War, as I understand it, when our country turned in on itself in
disunity. Who was it who was executed with the words, `I regret I have
but one life to give to my country'? The infamous spy Benedict Arnold
(who put on one face to the British, and another to the Americans,
quite the ingenious pseudospoofer!) was hung, I understand.
Other cases of execution, of course, are more grisly. We have the
Inquisition to thank for some of the more hideous variations. I don't
know if Poe's Pit and the Pendulum was ever really in use, but what a
fantastic way to die! The shining, razor sharp blade gently swaying to
and fro, hypnotically mesmerizing, swish, swosh, subtly, imperceptibly
lower, approaching like a whisper in one's ear by Death. The victim in
the tale faced anonymous black judges in a dark courtroom, as they
handed down the sentence, described like a druglike stuporous
hallucination. As I recall the protagonist in Poe's tale had his
stomache glanced by the blade, dark red blood slowly oozing forth, but
he was ingenious and saved himself by turning the vicious rats in the
dungeon into a useful tool! Ah, what fantastic literary irony. The Pit
and the Pendulum is a sort of mental and psychic torture. I wonder how
many days the blade was descending over? The end could certainly not be
as painful as compared with other physical torture devices, like the
rack, used to elicit confessions. Who can forget that wacky human
enclosure with spikes on the door? What amazing creativity.
I've always been fascinated by the Guillotine in use during the French
revolution. The doctor Guillotine was very humane and was tormented by
the visions of humans who had a few moments of discomfort and
displeasure ensuing after failing to perfectly align their necks with
the executioner's blade. Of course, one swift and single CHOP! was
ideal, but sometimes the executioner was drunk, or maybe his mask was
in the way, and it took more than one CHOP! CHOP! CHOP! over a period
of a few seconds to dispatch the soul on its merry journey. Guillotine
invented his ingenious device, and executions were very rapidly
improved in reliability and accuracy. This was very useful because all
kinds of terrorists, counterrevolutionaries, and criminals had hidden
themselves in the guise of the Victorious Revolution, and the public
turned on itself after all the discredited leaders had been accounted
for (in--what else?--a `head count').
The Guillotine was really unsurpassed in its efficiency at the time, a
real technological marvel. I'm sure there were many people at the time
who were quite impressed by it, and said that it was a fine piece of
machinery, and that even though it could be put to evil uses,
`Guillotines don't kill people, people kill people' and therefore no
one should have any qualms about its existence and continued use, or
safeguards and restrictions and regulations governing the authority of
its operation by naive and unskilled unprofessionals, or even
criminals, themselves ready amateur Executioners. One said, `yes,
surprising as it sounds, I'm coming out in favor of the Guillotine.'
The people got what they wanted. They weren't about to let some
sinister, evil, oppressive government stand in their way of exercising
their true glorious birthright freedoms, like killing each other.
One of the things that really fascinates me is the possibility of
cyberspatial-oriented murder. It seems to me that in a CryptoAnarchic
society where there is no government or social order, things like hired
assassins will be more readily hired, and certainly more abundant. What
do you do when you are robbed or harassed? Call the police? Ha, ha,
there are none of those annoying, meddlesome, timeconsuming and
troublesome Social Justice Farces in our Private Utopia. Imagine the
delight of hiring hitmen with completely untraceable cash, and
communicating with them with Chaum style DC nets to describe the victim
and pinpoint one's enemies for execution.
That reminds me of the Focaultian idea that punishment and torture is
related to the human body. The theory is, if you don't have a physical
body, you can't experience pain. Some pseudospoofers in the psychopunk
cult have suggested that they are unaccountable in this fashion --
pseudospoofing allows them to achieve a sort of godlike omnipresence
and transcendance through their myriads of ephemeral identities.
Actually, this philosophy appears to originate with one of the leaders
and is a central tenet of their idolatry. The `fluidity of identity'
exists in Cyberspace, to some extent, but all the pseudospoofers I know
still have a real-world body that bleeds like any other, and all their
tricky circumventions of its existence are no match for superior
technology. That's The Truth!
``Any sufficiently evil machination is indistinguishable from murder.'' --S.Boxx

@_date: 1993-11-27 04:14:05
@_author: The Psychopunk 
@_subject: Public Enemy #1 
I don't know where all these slanderous accusations that I am
L.Detweiler come from. I want to have absolutely nothing to do with
that paranoid conspiracy theorist. People who are associating me with
him are nothing but scurrilous hypocrites. You only allow anonymity so
long as it doesn't threaten you personally! PseudoAnonymity that
attacks the government through tax evasion and black marketeering is
OK, but pseudoanonymity of L.Detweiler (who is really Hitler's
grandson), who attacks the Cypherpunks, is Heretic Blasphemy, and he
must be tracked down and punished! Why is it that no one bothers
T.C.May about BlackNet or Deadbeat, anyway? I guess stealing
information is a legitimate use of anonymity, but exposing corruption
through whistleblowing is not. All of you who are so smugly certain that I am L.Detweiler, where do
you get your insane fantasies? The only thing I can think of that would
be objective and qualitative is the extensive style analysis software
of E.Hughes, but it seems to me that would also show that he is posting
pseudoanonymously under G.Broiles, and besides he's not really
interested in sharing any of his software with anyone anyway,
especially whatever helps him pseudospoof and detect it by others.
However, I have many ideas on how to get even with L.Detweiler for his
callous disregard for pseudospoofing. Imagine, the sheer arrogance of
attacking our holy religion, and making our leaders look like pathetic
fools for their deceptions! We are left trying to defend them with
increasingly worthless tentacles. Y'know the ones that penetrated
RISKS? They are *really* valuable, like N.Szabo, and he is on to them
all. The man is an arrogant bastard for trying to prevent us from our
joyous deceptions, perversions, and depravities. We have to make him
pay. What can we do? One thing to do would be to slander him in public
forums. I mean, he has done the tiniest smidgeon of CryptoAnarchic
work, like that Anonymity FAQ (which was usefully infiltrated by quite
a few of our pseudospoofed tentacles, including the eminent N.Szabo).
But otherwise, he's just a self-important asshole like G.Spafford who
has no life out of cyberspace. We should show no mercy. I propose that we mailbomb him some more
beyond P.Metzger's feeble assault. And D.Barnes has not gone nearly far
enough to root out his personal associates and friends and find any
useful blackmail or other leverage, like his employer. E.Hughes and
T.C.May can try harassing his postmaster some more. Maybe we can get
the Holy Grail -- get him to lose his Internet account. Damn, that
would be AWESOME. We wouldn't have to put up with any more of those
slimy verbose FAQs. `Privacy and Anonymity' HAH. more like Pathetic Assholery.
Here's an idea. I've been tampering with REMOBZ a lot lately and have
gotten pretty good at it. I hear L.Detweiler was looking for a job
awhile ago. (I stole his resume with a fake job advertisement in his
mailbox as bait. Hee, hee! what a dickhead.) I am going to try to tap
his home phone line and figure out what employers he has been talking
to. I can rig it so that when they call his number, I spoof his
answering machine (this is possible by recording his own message onto
my own answering machine and redirecting the phone call). The employer
records his message, `you have the job, report to work at 9:00
tomorrow' like nothing is wrong. But L.Detweiler never shows up!
Hee,hee. And if he tries to find out what went wrong, he looks like a
hallucinating drug user. `I never got your message on my answering
machine!' Ah, a grand psychopunk prank in line with the best of the
legendary K.Mitnik revenge techniques. (The master!)
Here's another idea. We all know how much WetLiar admires that clueless
NYT reporter Markoff -- you know the guy, the one who fell for our Big
Movement facade hook line and sinker. (Hee, hee! Privacy for the
Masses! The Cryptographic Revolution!) I propose that we infiltrate his
system and impersonate Markoff's email to L.Detweiler. Unless it is for
deception, it's not illegal! No problemo! L.Detweiler will go away
crestfallen that his hero comes across as a clueless idiot in email. If
he calls Markoff in desperation, we can do the old `redirect the phone
call' trick and do our best Markoff imitation on the phone. Detweiler
is such a clueless, trusting idiot that he won't know the difference.
Hee, hee! I love poking holes in other people's delusions. The world is
an ugly place, and it's about time that someone did a favor to
L.Detweiler and taught him that. The asshole will learn what it means
to tangle with Cypherpunks.
OK, here's my best idea. You know his cutesy little mama's girl
girlfriend, Sonia Applegate? The one that loves to cook him those big
dinners when he gets home from a hard day of battling our beauteous
tenacles? The one that he is going to marry next spring? (Thanks,
BlackNet spies, for all your information, the checks are in the mail,
also the REMOBZ wiretapping is also a really invaluable source.) I
propose that we call her up and pose as a clinician from an AIDS
testing clinic and tell her that L.Detweiler has AIDS and that he
listed her as a sex partner. Regurgitate her all her personal
information we found off the stolen credit records and then say, Yes,
Ma'am, I'm sorry. You'll have to report to the clinic immediately for
testing. Hee, hee!

@_date: 1993-11-27 07:06:26
@_author: The Executioner 
@_subject: CRYPTOANARCHIST INFILTRATION ALERT 
ATTENTION ALL INTERNET PERSONNEL
THE INTERNET OUTLET
szabo at netcom.com
HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED AS A CRYPTOANARCHIST CYBERSPACE INFILTRATION SITE
TO A 93.67% DEGREE CERTAINTY VIA PSEUDOSPOOFING DETECTION SOFTWARE.
MAIL, POSTS, AND OTHER EMANATIONS FROM THIS OUTLET ARE CONSIDERED
LIKELY TO BE HIGHLY SUBVERSIVE AND DANGEROUS CRYPTOANARCHIST
DISINFORMATION AND PROPAGANDA FROM ONE OR MORE CRYPTOANARCHIST
CO-CONSPIRATORS. MULTIPLE SENSITIVE INTERNET MAILING LISTS, FAQS, AND
FORUMS HAVE BEEN CONTAMINATED. INFORMATION ORIGINATING FROM THIS OUTLET IN THE FOLLOWING AREAS IS
PARTICULARLY SUSPECT:
- PROMOTION OF PSEUDOANONYMITY AND THE COLLECTION OF MULTIPLE FAKE
CYBERSPACE IDENTITIES (MISTATED AS `PURE ANONYMITY')
- PROMOTION OF UNTRACEABLE `BLACK' CASH AND RELATED CRYPTOGRAPHIC
TECHNIQUES (PARTICULARLY CHAUMIAN)
- FALSE REFERENCES AND DISINFORMATION ON THE ACTUAL `CRYPTOANARCHIST' AGENDA
- PROMOTION OF THE `COLLAPSE OF GOVERNMENTS'
- SUBTLE ANTI-DEMOCRACY GOALS AND ANTI-DEMOCRATIC SENTIMENTS
- PROMOTION OF DISINFORMATION, PROPAGANDA, AND DECEPTION E.G. IN THE MEDIA
- PROMOTION OF TAX EVASION
- PROMOTION OF CRIMINAL EVASION OF IDENTITIFICATION MEASURES FOR E.G.
BLACK MARKETEERING
- ELEVATING AND PERPETUATING SUBVERSIONS OF IDENTITY E.G.
PSEUDOSPOOFING AND PSEUDOPOOLS AS `LIBERATING FLUIDITY OF IDENTITY' ON THE INTERNET
- PROMOTION OF ABUSE OF INFORMATION THROUGH E.G. LEAKS, BURGLARY, OR ESPIONAGE
- FALSE DETAILS ON PERSONAL IDENTITY AND CORROBORATION OF THE EXISTENCE
OF OTHER IDENTITIES
- INFILTRATION, PROVOCATION, AND SABOTAGE OF MAILING LIST DISCUSSIONS
OUTSIDE OF CHARTERS INTO THE `CRYPTOANARCHIST' AGENDA
- PROMOTION OF OTHER FAKE IDENTITIES
- PUBLIC AND PRIVATE ATTACKS ON REAL IDENTITIES EMPLOYING
COUNTERMEASURES AGAINST THE CRYPTOANARCHIST MOVEMENT
- MANIPULATION AND TERRORISM IN PRIVATE MAIL
- COLLECTION OF SENSITIVE PRIVATE INFORMATION AND MAIL FROM
COMMUNICATING `OUTSIDE' INDIVIDUALS
INTERNET INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS ARE ADVISED TO EXAMINE AND PURGE
ARCHIVES AND RECORDS OF ALL INFORMATION ORIGINATING FROM THIS OUTLET AS
CRYPTOANARCHIST DISINFORMATION. ITEMS RECOVERED FROM THIS OUTLET SHOULD
BE REPOSTED FOR PUBLIC EXPOSURE.
QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS ADVISORY ALERT CAN BE ADDRESSED TO
cypherpunks at toad.com
BACKGROUND INFORMATION ON THE CRYPTOANARCHIST MOVEMENT IS AVAILABLE IN
RISKS 15.25, 15.27, AND 15.28X, FTP CRVAX.SRI.COM DIRECTORY /RISKS:
ADDITIONAL BULLETINS WILL BE ISSUED AS EVENTS WARRANT.

@_date: 1993-11-27 19:39:18
@_author: The Pervert 
@_subject: Sodomy, Homosexuality, and Pseudospoofing 
Gosh, everyone is such in a tither lately. I suspect it is because the
tentacles and snakes are out in full force covering up their
nonexistence! Well, I thought I would post some more of my insights
into pseudospoofing for everyone's enlightenment.
I was thinking how much Pseudospoofing is like Sodomy. I mean, there
are a lot of interesting parallels. People are repulsed by hearing
about sodomy between people they respect, even though some people think
it is acceptable in some private situations, as long as participants
they don't advertise it! There is definitely a strong evil tinge
associated with Sodomy. The name comes from the biblical sinning
capitols of Sodom and Gomorahh. (I wonder if Gonorrhea comes from
`Gomorahh'). Sodomy has always been associated with evil. It is only
after the Sexual Liberation (Sort of like the CryptoAnarchic
Revolution) that people became more tolerant of what was previously
considered a sexual perversion. (By the way, the Sexual Liberation has
been instrumental in the outgrowth of neat new physical and social
diseases, such as treatment-resistant STD strains, the broken home,
neglected/abused children, monumental statistics in teenage pregnancy,
and perhaps the increased devaluation of women and increased aggressiveness in men.)
The idea of unconsensual sodomy of course is revolting. Especially when
people are young and vulnerable,with impressionable minds. the Leaders
of any great country have a responsibility to protect the innocent from
exposures to depravities. The whole idea of the legitimacy of sodomy
arose with the idea of `private acts between consenting adults.'
Anything beyond that is still considered a perversion by reasonable people.
I have noticed an interesting overlap between radical libertarians,
cryptoanarchists, psychopunks, and people who promote sodomy. People
have sent me mail explaining how laws against sodomy prove the
government is a Corrupt Orwellian Oppression. As I understand it the
Supreme Court upheld the state's rights to legislate against sodomy.
The people in these groups believe this is an example of a worthless
law. Actually, to them the term `worthless law' is a `pleonasm', the
opposite of an oxymoron, a redundant phrase; every law is by definition
worthless; laws are nothing but a corrupt mechanism for a depraved
Majority to manipulate and oppress the Trampled and Victimized Minority.
The restriction on sodomy is their favorite example: ``Any country
where a loving man and a wife cannot perform sodomy in the privacy in
their own home is a Corrupt Orwellian Oppression.'' I've never quite
understood this implication. But the radical libertarians,
cryptoanarchists, psychopunks, and sodomists (or at least the sodomy
promoters) are quite an inscrutable, volatile, and inconsistent bunch,
to say the very least. They have all sorts of other ways of spraying
graffiti on concepts like Democracy and urinating on things like Law
Enforcement and Justice. ``Anything that prevents criminals from
embezzlements is just another outrageous Unconstitutional invasion of
their privacy. Criminals have a constitutional right to embezzle from
others!'' (Reminds me of someone who told me, `Pseudospoofing is
guaranteed by the constitution!')
People may go to great lengths to hide their sodomy from respectable
people. This brings me to the issue of homosexuality. Obviously, pretty
much any homosexual is a sodomizer. The tinge of evil in homosexuality
and `paranoid homophobia' are rooted in the belief in the existence of
sexual perversions even among consenting adults. Homosexuals have been
persecuted for centuries. They have always had to put on different
faces for different people to promote their activities, just like
pseudospoofers. In recent times there has been a more open embrace of
homosexuality. `homosexuality is liberating.' `people are born to be
homosexuals. we should do nothing to let them practice their sodomy in public.'
I have mixed feelings about all this! It seems to me that again,
homosexuality is only justified in private among consenting adults. If
you take away the `unconsenting' or the `private' you just have
perversions. (That makes me wonder -- is Cypherpunks considered a
private mailing list? I mean, on one hand there has never been any
crackdown of all the deceptions and lies that have passed through here.
On the other hand, it is advertised publicly, in e.g. the Privacy and
Anonymity FAQ, edited by L.Detweiler, posted every 21 days to a lot of
respectable newsgroups like alt.privacy and sci.crypt, with a beautiful
new Latex version rumored to be out there somewhere.)
That word `gay' reminds me of the term, `pseudonym'. Both words started
out with completely different, innocuous, entirely uplifing meanings
prior to homosexuals and pseudospoofers. `gay' once meant joyous,
ecstatic, happy. But now it is taken by some as a homosexual slur like
`fairy' or `queer'. Also, even among some gays, the term `gay' has
militant connotations. `pseudonym' on the other hand was once something
harmless that writers used to protect their privacy or play a harmless
joke or prank on a few people. But pseudospoofers have invented the
`pseudanonym', a name that is explicitly *mis*represented as that of a
real person! Unfortunately, they still don't understand the
distinction, and still call their insidious widespread interactive uses
of `nyms' for espionage, sabotage, thievery, blackmail, infiltration,
treachery, and betrayal `pseudonyms' and `pure anonymity' and
`pseudonymity' when it is really `pseudoanonymity'. I am really quite
upset at this toxic pollution of the English language, and desperately
pray that `pseudonymity' does not become associated with so many
pejorative connotations from unstable and quasi-criminal radicals,
extremists, and terrorists the way `gay' did.
The ideas of sex and identity are very closely intertwined too. When
you fall in love with someone, you are falling in love with a person
and their identity. Some people manipulate this trust. E.g., a
pseudoRomeo romances very many women with fake identities in email, and
complains about persecution when he is caught. I think the women have a
right to be angry and feel vindictive! (Reminds me of Lorena Bobbit.)
When you love someone, the whole idea of exclusivity is involved with
romance. Both men and women will feel betrayed if their partner was
`cheating' on them with someone else, or hiding evil aspects of their
personality from the other, for example drug use. Unfortunately,
deception is the name of the game with pseudospoofing. I wonder if
anyone has ever fallen in love with a tentacle! I understand this has
happened. Medusa is very wily. That would be awfully disappointing and
disillusioning and alienating to find that someone you respected was
not only a `fake' but a `nonexistent fake' played for you like a
puppeteer manipulates his puppet. This is so devastating to
psychological serenity that I'll bet that laws are passed against this,
just as there are laws about rape and infidelity in breaking a
marriage. Hopefully the Cryptoanarchists, psychopunks, radical
libertarians, and sodomists (or at least the promoters!) will not
object too much to these `invasions' of their `privacy'. Have pity on
the people who enact them, who were probably burned badly and essentially mean well.
The parallels between homosexuals and pseudospoofers are very strong.
They are torn between believing that they are not perverted, and
promoting a religion and mythology among themselves about their
persecution and righteousness, when the outside public may consider
their beliefs nothing but wicked depravity. Surely there is a balance
somewhere. I do believe that some progress has been made in attitudes
toward homosexuality with the newfound openess and honesty that many
homosexuals practice. Pseudospoofers, on the other hand, have not `come
out of the closet' yet. Despite little glimmers and glimpses here and
there, we are left only to guess how many different identities they are maintaining.
The leaders are especially resistant to openness about their practices.
They will not even hint about their partners, believing that they will
be discredited immediately for their elaborate frameworks of deceptions
among even personal friends erected to hide it. So instead their
fervent followers attempt to justify their leaders and their own
religion with vague propaganda about how homosexuality is not wrong, to
the contrary it is refreshing and liberating, growing, and increasingly
at home everywhere, no thanks to the McCarthyist Witchunt Inquisition Intoleration and gay-bashing of backward homophobe reactionary Luddites.
(I hope that no pseudospoofers are homosexuals are offended by my
comments. Please don't think that this prose is actually a long,
complex, painstakingly and carefully crafted masterpiece containing
thousands of subtle and overt insults and flamebaits intended to throw
cypherpunks dialogue into Liberating Anarchy. Please take my metaphors
in the most superficial and endearing of terms and the good will I
offer them in. There is nothing between the lines just as there is no
pseudospoofing on the Cypherpunks list!)

@_date: 1993-11-28 00:44:19
@_author: Enlightened Sage 
@_subject: On Hypocrisy, Stoning, and Forgiveness 
There is a saying, `let he who is without sin cast the first stone.'
Some people have perverted this saying to their own ends, as many
people have done with the teachings of the enlightened saint and
god-among-men Jesus Christ.
Some people believe that this means that one should never attempt to
uncover other's faults, and prod them into reforming their behavior.
Nothing could be a greater lie.
The context of the quote was that a riotous crowd was about to kill a
man for his sins, by public stoning. `Let he who is without sin cast
the first stone.' But notice that the public was not asking the man to
reform himself or repent. They had already made up their mind. There
would be no forgiveness. They had judged him, and his sentence was Execution.
What about in the context where a crowd has *not* decided upon their
Judgement for a crime? They know that someone is guilty of it, but they
have not yet committed to stoning them, forgiving them, or even being
upset, or whatever. What is the meaning of the saying there? The saying is meaningless in this context. It is like division by zero. Undefined.
So, it is either, in punishment `let he who is without sin cast the first stone.'
In forgiveness, it is `let he who is with sin cast the first confession.'
Another concept At Stake is that of Reputation in accusation. If a
criminal is correctly called a criminal by a hypocrite, who is the
criminal? who is the hypocrite? The answer is that the criminal is
accountable for his criminality and the hypocrite is accountable for
his hypocrisy. But it is not the case that the hypocrite's hypocrisy
nullifies the criminal's criminality, of course. Also, if a criminal
calls an honest person a hypocrite in an attempt to discredit him, it
is just another Lie and another black mark on the criminal. That's the
situation with criminals, is they like to dig holes and drag down and
bury as many other people they can in the process.
Finally, regarding hypocrisy, a great many people are attempting to
discredit one or the other of L.Detweiler or S.Boxx by flimsy,
incorrect `proofs' that L.Detweiler == S.Boxx. Uh, who gives a damn?
Please redirect your analytical energies into resolving far more
interesting and nontrivial theorems like E.Hughes == P.Ferguson or
T.C.May == H.Finney.
We now return to our regularly scheduled program.

@_date: 1993-11-28 21:59:40
@_author: S.Boxx 
@_subject: Real People 
Hey, there was an interesting series of articles in RISKS 15.25, 15.27,
and 15.28x that covered the `Cryptoanarchist' movement. Many
cypherpunks may be interested in this analysis. Has it shown up here? I
missed it if it did.
Boy, the tentacles are *really* pissed off from that E.Hughes ==
P.Ferguson insinuation in my recent messages. Joe Thomas
 told me that `you're getting on my nerves'
and accuses me of `damaging the list discussion' here. I'm very hurt
and upset by this claim. Why don't you lay off a little? I'm just
trying to do my job. Some people are born demons, and some people are
born exorcists!
He says he met P.Ferguson at the D.C. cypherpunks meeting `this spring'
(last spring?). What was the date on that, anyway? Who else was there?
He said he didn't get to talk to P.Ferguson for very long, but he did
see his Virginia driver's license. So, according to J.Thomas
 anyway, P.Ferguson exists! Thanks for this
valuable entry in the Real People Trust Web. Would anyone like to vouch
for Joe Thomas, ?
BTW, I heard that access.digex.net had lax authentication standards
like netcom.com. Could anyone send me mail clarifying what is actually
required for authentication at these sites?
BTW, many thanks to L.Detweiler for his lone help in helping me break a
corrupt conspiracy and massive cyberspatial hoax. It's really tough
going lately, and we're really being bombarded with some of the most
vicious material the tentacles can muster. But we can stand the heat,
and we're going to stay in the kitchen, and continue to fight the
raging arson flames to make cyberspace safe for honest people.

@_date: 1993-11-28 22:39:41
@_author: S.Boxx 
@_subject: HFinney == TCMay 
Some person an41925 at anon.penet.fi has been sending me particularly
vicious and harrassing mail lately. It's a good thing that he did it
anonymously--I might be upset if a real person made the kind of
accusations that he did. He was upset by my tcmay == hfinney
implication I made in some earlier message. I was really fascinated by
this response:
Actually, I see some interesting similarities. May is interested in
digital pornography, and I just saw H.Finney post on the subject the
other day. (Actually, a whole lot of cryptoanarchists posted on the
subject, but that's another story). May is really upset by accusations
that he doesn't handhold newcomers like H.Finney does. Could it be that
the former is upset that people aren't recognizing his actual work
because of his pseudospoofing, attributing it to the latter? That would
be most ironic! Just another one of the pathetic freakshows that
cypherpunks are proud of. Also, H.Finney posts from soda.berkeley.edu, same site as E.Hughes and
the Cypherpunk archives. He is very clearly a Top Cypherpunk, given
many apologist statements on the subject. And given that Top
Cypherpunks have always been interested in `pseudopooling', or
surrreptiously and conspirationally posting from each other's accounts,
it is not unlikely IMHO that H.Finney is either a pseudopooler,
pseudospoofer, or a tentacle. H.Finney was also involved in the defense
of `known tentacles' like J.Dinkelacker.
Also, the point that this an41925 at anon.penet.fi makes that H.Finney and
T.C.May are different people -- note that he gives absolutely no
verifiable real world evidence whatsoever. It makes me think he is just
another psychopunk who lives in his cyberspatial hallucinations. He
makes reference to `similarity in style or content of posts, no
appearance of supporting or butressing each other's arguments any more
than any random pair of people on the list.' But notice that these are
all things that a master pseudospoofer would endeavor to avoid! The
whole *point*of pseudospoofing is to deceive others in an undetected
way. Obviously, none of this proves that H.Finney == T.C.May. It only
says that this person's arguments are essentially completely empty of
solid evidential facts that prove anything conclusive. `I see nothing
to indicate they are the same' he whines. IMHO, `I see nothing to
indicate they are different.'
This is another interesting psychopunk argument, placing the burden of
proof on someone who makes an accusation about nonexistence, when
obviously the burden of proof in cyberspace should be on those who wish
to prove they exist, because every aspect of the Internet encourages
the opposite conclusion -- that `they' are a tentacle. There are no
humans in cyberspace! Only email addresses! To equate the two is the
most dangerous deception imaginable! Are we to rely on human nature and
honesty? Remember, we are dealing with pathological liars and
psychopaths here. Unless the accused denies the claim, there is not
really any need for proof. We simply assume that everyone is a tentacle
until evidence arises to the contrary, and get a proof by
contradiction. Psychopunks prefer Proof by Lies.
That's the key -- fooling neutral observers into believing that no one
is pseudospoofing. This is the central weapon of the pseudospoofer.
Telling his opponents that they are insane paranoiacs for believing
that there is no guarantee whatseover that a unique nametag corresponds
to a unique person! Until people wake up and smell the excrement, the
pseudospoofer gets away with his treachery unhindered.

@_date: 1993-11-28 23:10:09
@_author: S.Boxx 
@_subject: CRYPTOANARCHIST INFILTRATION ALERT 
ATTENTION ALL INTERNET PERSONNEL
THE INTERNET OUTLET
szabo at netcom.com
HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED AS A CRYPTOANARCHIST CYBERSPACE INFILTRATION SITE
TO A 93.67% DEGREE CERTAINTY VIA PSEUDOSPOOFING DETECTION SOFTWARE.
MAIL, POSTS, AND OTHER EMANATIONS FROM THIS OUTLET ARE CONSIDERED
LIKELY TO BE HIGHLY SUBVERSIVE AND DANGEROUS CRYPTOANARCHIST
DISINFORMATION AND PROPAGANDA FROM ONE OR MORE CRYPTOANARCHIST
CO-CONSPIRATORS. MULTIPLE SENSITIVE INTERNET MAILING LISTS, FAQS, AND
FORUMS HAVE BEEN CONTAMINATED. INFORMATION ORIGINATING FROM THIS OUTLET IN THE FOLLOWING AREAS IS
PARTICULARLY SUSPECT:
- PROMOTION OF PSEUDOANONYMITY AND THE COLLECTION OF MULTIPLE FAKE
  CYBERSPACE IDENTITIES (MISTATED AS `PURE ANONYMITY')
- PROMOTION OF UNTRACEABLE `BLACK' CASH AND RELATED CRYPTOGRAPHIC
  TECHNIQUES (PARTICULARLY CHAUMIAN)
- FALSE REFERENCES AND DISINFORMATION ON THE ACTUAL `CRYPTOANARCHIST' AGENDA
- PROMOTION OF THE `COLLAPSE OF GOVERNMENTS'
- SUBTLE ANTI-DEMOCRACY GOALS AND ANTI-DEMOCRATIC SENTIMENTS
- PROMOTION OF DISINFORMATION, PROPAGANDA, AND DECEPTION E.G. IN THE MEDIA
- PROMOTION OF TAX EVASION
- PROMOTION OF CRIMINAL EVASION OF IDENTITIFICATION MEASURES FOR E.G.
  BLACK MARKETEERING
- ELEVATING AND PERPETUATING SUBVERSIONS OF IDENTITY E.G.
  PSEUDOSPOOFING AND PSEUDOPOOLS AS `LIBERATING FLUIDITY OF IDENTITY' ON THE   INTERNET
- PROMOTION OF ABUSE OF INFORMATION THROUGH E.G. LEAKS, BURGLARY, OR ESPIONAGE
- FALSE DETAILS ON PERSONAL IDENTITY AND CORROBORATION OF THE EXISTENCE
  OF OTHER IDENTITIES
- INFILTRATION, PROVOCATION, AND SABOTAGE OF MAILING LIST DISCUSSIONS
  OUTSIDE OF CHARTERS INTO THE `CRYPTOANARCHIST' AGENDA
- PROMOTION OF OTHER FAKE IDENTITIES
- PUBLIC AND PRIVATE ATTACKS ON REAL IDENTITIES EMPLOYING
  COUNTERMEASURES AGAINST THE CRYPTOANARCHIST MOVEMENT
- MANIPULATION AND TERRORISM IN PRIVATE MAIL
- COLLECTION OF SENSITIVE PRIVATE INFORMATION AND MAIL FROM
  COMMUNICATING `OUTSIDE' INDIVIDUALS
INTERNET INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS ARE ADVISED TO EXAMINE AND PURGE
ARCHIVES AND RECORDS OF ALL INFORMATION ORIGINATING FROM THIS OUTLET AS
CRYPTOANARCHIST DISINFORMATION. ITEMS RECOVERED FROM THIS OUTLET SHOULD
BE REPOSTED FOR PUBLIC EXPOSURE.
QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS ADVISORY ALERT CAN BE ADDRESSED TO
cypherpunks at toad.com
BACKGROUND INFORMATION ON THE CRYPTOANARCHIST MOVEMENT IS AVAILABLE IN
RISKS 15.25, 15.27, AND 15.28X, FTP CRVAX.SRI.COM DIRECTORY /RISKS:
ADDITIONAL BULLETINS WILL BE ISSUED AS EVENTS WARRANT.

@_date: 1993-10-01 00:32:31
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: FIDONet policies 
translated: we have a hierarchy of rights. sysop-gods have a right and
expectation to private mail. the user-peons have neither.
"annoying behavior" -- what a cute PC euphemism. who's the idiot
academic who came up with that? try "moral & ethical bankruptcy" instead.
the "paternal paranoia instinct". ask wells or kleinpaste for a lecture on it.

@_date: 1993-10-02 17:34:26
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: FIDOnet troglodyte MIND RAPISTS _unrepentant_! 
nah. I propose we call 'em TROGLODYTE MIND RAPISTS.
please cut out the following message and send it to every FIDONET operator
in existence. also, try comp.org.fidonet. moderation complicates the
does routine FIDOnet email INVASION by operators VIOLATE the U.S. Electronic Communications Privacy Act? EFF's lawyer M. Godwin speaks
with FIDOnet operator Al Billings  on the cypherpunks mailing list. Resident list crank Perry Metzger offers
his own whitehot flame.
this forward brought to you by
Cyberspatial Reality Advancement Movement (CRAM)
Information Liberation Front (ILF)
That's all very nice, but it doesn't enable a FIDO sysop to intercept
messages from people who are not users of his or her particular system.
Those people did not waive their rights to privacy under the ECPA.
This is a common myth. First of all, there are many BBSs that do
offer truly private mail, or whose sysops, as a matter of policy, do not
read others' private mail. Secondly, there's no legal liability associated
with allowing e-mail privacy. Third, federal law (the ECPA) bars
sysops from examining mail except under some very precisely defined
I suggest that you inform sysops who tell you otherwise that they can
contact me at the Legal Services Department of EFF. You've got my e-mail
address already--my phone number is 202-347-5400.

@_date: 1993-10-02 17:44:26
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: Zimmermann's PGP: "A Cure for the Common Code" 
Denver Westword, Vol. 17 Number 5, Sept. 29 1993
Cover Story:
Secrets Agent
The Government wants to break him, but Boulder's prince of privacy
remains cryptic.
A Cure for the Common Code, p.12
Worried about your privacy? Your secret is safe with this guy.
This post brought to you by
Information Liberation Front (ILF)
Cyberspatial Reality Advancement Movement (CRAM)
Late last month, much to the satisfaction of sheriff's deputies in
Sacramento County, California, William Steen began serving 68 months in
prison for trafficking in child pornography over computers and then
attempting to hire a man to kill one of the teenagers who had testified
against him. Detectives who worked on the case say the sentence
represents an almost entirely gratifying end to the two-year-old effort
to track down and convict Steen.
The prosecution was not quite perfect, though. Police were unable to
nail any of Steen's network of child porn associates, which officials
suspect was extensive.  Neither were Sacramento County law enforcement
officers-- nor outside computer experts, for that matter-- able to read
Steen's computer diary, which police think may contain the names of his
other teenage victims.
The reason is that Steen, of Santa Clara, California, had installed a
powerful code on his computer to electronically scramble what he had
written.  Although experts were quickly able to determine the name of
the encoding program-- called Pretty Good Privacy, or PGP-- efforts to
break it failed miserably.  "The task was given to us to decrypt this
stuff," recalls William Sternow, a California computer-crime expert
called in on the case. "And to this day we have not been able to do it."
Sternow and the other experts-- including the Los Angeles Police
Department, which tired to dismantle PGP as well-- probably shouldn't
hold their breaths waiting for a breakthrough. It is unlikely that they
will crack Steen's diaries anytime soon, probably not in their
Forget your cereal-box decoder rings. Pretty Good Privacy, a computer
program designed by a short, slightly round Boulder programmer named
Philip Zimmermann, is, as far as the current technology is concerned,
about as accessible as Fort Knox.
While PGP has frustrated the California cops, it has done wonders for
its inventor's reputation among a thriving underground network of
electronic cowboys. In the two years since he published Pretty Good
Privacy, the program has propelled Zimmermann from a struggling Colorado
software author missing mortgage payments to something of a folk hero
among hackers, both in the U.S. and across the world, where the program
has been translated into nearly a dozen languages. "I can go anywhere in
Europe," boasts Zimmermann, "and not have to buy lunch."
Not everyone wants to feed Phil Zimmermann. Count among his enemies the
U.S. Customs Service, which is investigating him for violating export
laws.  Add RSA DAta Security, a Redwood City, California, company that
says it is considering taking him to court for swiping its encoding
technology. And of course, top off the list with any number of
frustrated law enforcement agencies, from the supersecret National
Security Agency (NSA) all the way down to the Sacramento sheriff's
"Phil Zimmermann? He's a dirtbag," spits out Brian Kennedy, the
detective who headed up the Steen investigation. "He's an irresponsible
person who takes credit for his invention without taking responsibility
for its effect. He's protected people who are preying on children. I
hope that someday he'll get what he deserves."
What Phil Zimmermann deserves more than anything this gray morning is a
few more hours of sleep. "I was up until four this morning working on
the computer," he grumbles with not-very-well-disguised irritation.
"Give me 45 minutes to become human."
One hour later, this is what Phil Zimmermann looks like, human: a short
guy, a little paunchy. He wears large aviator glasses, a heavy beard and
an easy elfin grin. Today he is also wearing beige pants, a green shirt,
and blue Etonic sneakers. Although separately none of the parts looks
askew, for some reason the package still looks rumpled.
His living room feels small and is crammed with books, a respectable
percentage of which are bona fide, Noam Chomsky-certified leftist
tracts.  The back room of the north Boulder house serves as Zimmermann's
computer lab. Three machines are on-line. Outside light is denied
entrance by shaded windows. Books and magazines-- _The_ _Journal_ _of_
_Cryptology_-- carpet the floor in no discernible order.
In the southwest corner of the room lies a small mattress, where for the
past several days a Toronto college student has slept.  The student,
whose name is Colin Plumb, learned about the Boulder programmer about a
year ago after plucking PGP off a computer network. He composed a letter
to Zimmermann expressing admiration for the encrypting software, one of
the thousands of pieces of fan mail that have poured into Zimmermann's
mailbox and computer since June 1991, when PGP was first published.
Now Plumb is here for two weeks as a volunteer assistant, helping
Zimmermann update Pretty Good Privacy. He is not the first admirer to
make the hajj to Boulder. "I get people here all the time," says
Zimmermann. "A month ago I got a visit from a guy from Brazil. He used
PGP back in Rio de Janeiro, and he was touring the country and he wanted
to meet the guy who invented it."
Zimmermann continues: "I get mail from people in the Eastern Bloc saying
how much they appreciate PGP-- you know, 'Thanks for doing it.' When I'm
talking to Americans about this, a lot of them don't understand why I'd
be so paranoid about the government. But people in police states, you
don't have to explain it to them. They already get it. And they don't
understand why we don't."
What we don't understand, at least according to an explanation of Pretty
Good Privacy that accompanies the software, is this: "You may be
planning a political campaign, discussing your taxes, or having an
illicit affair. Or you may be doing something that you feel shouldn't be
illegal, but is. Whatever it is, you don't want your private electronic
mail or confidential documents read by anyone else. There's nothing
wrong with asserting your privacy. Privacy is as apple-pie as the
Simple stuff, But Zimmermann and PGP have done more than provide an
electronic cloak for the steamy computer messages of a few straying
husbands. In fact, the publication of Pretty Good Privacy has probably
done more than any other single event to shove the arcane-- and, until
recently, almost exclusively government-controlled-- science and art of
cryptology into the public consciousness.
Much of that is inevitable. The explosion of electronic mail and other
computer messaging systems begs a megabyte of privacy questions. While a
1986 federal law prevents people from snooping into computer mail
without legal authorization, the fact remains that electronic
eavesdropping is relatively simple to do.
To an experienced hacker, unprotected computer communications are like
so many postcards, free for the reading. Encryption systems simply put
those postcards inside secure electronic envelopes. This may sound
innocuous. But it is highly distressing to those branches of the
government that say they occasionally need to listen in to what citizens
are saying.
In recent public debates in Congress and in private meetings,
representatives of the FBI and the NSA have argued vigorously that they
need high-tech tools to provide for the public and national security.
They contend that this includes the capability to read any and all
encoded messages that whip across the ether. To these computocops,
widely available encryption in general-- and specifically, PGP-- is
"PGP," warns Dorothy Denning, a Georgetown University professor who has
worked closely with the National Security Agency, "could potentially
become a widespread problem."
To those who increasingly rely on the swelling network of computer
superhighways to send, receive, and store everything from business memos
to medical records to political mailing lists, however, the idea of a
CIA spook or sheriff's department flunky listening in to their
conversations and peeking at their mail is chilling. They fear that
without basic privacy protection, the promise of the Information Age
also carries with it the unprecedented threat of an electronic Big
Brother more powerful than anything ever imagined by George Orwell.
When Phil Zimmermann moved to Boulder from Florida in 1978, he had every
intention of earning a master's degree in computer science. Instead he
went to work for a local software company. And he began fighting the
good fight against big bombs.
"In the early 1980s it looked like things were going to go badly," he
recalls. "There was talk of the Evil Empire. Reagan was going berserk
with the military budget. Things looked pretty hopeless. So my wife and
I began preparing to move to New Zealand. By 1982 we had our passports
and traveling papers. That year, though, the national nuclear freeze
campaign had their conference in Denver. We attended, and by the time
the conference was over we'd decided to stay and fight."
He attended meetings. He gave speeches. He marched on nuclear test sites
in Nevada. ("I've been in jail with Carl Sagan and Daniel Ellsberg," he
says. "Daniel Ellsberg twice.") He taught a course out of the Boulder
Teacher' Catalogue called "Get Smart on the Arms Race." ("The class is
not anti-U.S.; it is anti-war," a course summary in the 1986 catalogue
In the snatches of free time between nuke battles, Zimmermann continued
feeding a lifelong fascination with secret codes. "I've always been
interested in cryptology, ever since I was a kid," he says. "I read
_Codes_ _and_ _Secret_ _Writings_ by Herbert Zimm, which showed you how
to make invisible ink out of lemon juice. It was pretty cool."
"When I got to college I discovered that you could use computers to
encode things. I started writing codes, and I thought they were so cool
and impossible to break. I know they were trivial and extremely easy to
For Zimmermann, who is 39 years old, writing and breaking codes had
always been just a hobby, albeit an increasingly intensive one. Up until
1976, that is, when his hobby became an obsession that would absorb the
next fifteen years of his life. That's because, like everyone else who
had been dabbling in encryption at the time, Phil Zimmermann was swept
away by the revolutionary concept of public-key cryptography and the RSA
Secret codes have been used for thousands of years, but they have always
operated on the same principle: The words or letters of the message to
be encoded-- called the "plaintext"-- are replaced by other words,
letters, numbers and symbols. These are then shuffled, rendering the
communication incomprehensible.
As spies and other secretive sorts began to use computers, the basic
idea remained the same. But the substitution and shuffling became
increasingly complex. (Just how complex is difficult to grasp. This
summer a panel of experts met to evaluate the NSA's most recent
encryption system. They concluded that it would take a Cray
supercomputer 400 billion years of continuous operation to exhaust all
the possible substitutions.)
Yet even with the most scrambled substitutions, encryption always
suffered from a glaring weakness: A code is only as secure as the
channel over which it travels. What this has meant practically is that
messages-- whether flown by pigeon or broadcast over a shortwave-- could
always be intercepted by the enemy.
This was particularly dangerous when it came time to share the code's
"key."  Traditionally, codes were always encrypted by a key that would
garble, say, plain English into unreadable gobbledygook. The encoded
message would then be sent to the recipient, who would use the same key
to translate the message back into English.
The problem with this, of course, is: How do you get the key from one
place to another without danger of its being intercepted? After all,
once a key is swiped by the bad guys, the entire code is rendered
useless. Worse yet, what if you had no idea the key had been stolen, and
your enemies continued to freely read messages you thought were
protected? This is especially troublesome when you're trying to
maintain a large network of secret sharers.
Surprisingly, this ancient glitch was not cleared up until the spring of
1975. That's when a Stanford computer junkie named Whitfield Diffie
created a crypto-revolution called public-key cryptology, a system
simple in theory-- but complicated in practice-- that effectively solved
the problem of key sharing.
What Diffie did was imagine a system with two mathematically related
keys, one public and one private. The public key could be as public as a
published address. The private key would not be shared with anyone.  The
connection was that a message encoded with one key could be decoded by
the other. To understand how this works, imagine the keys as public and private
telephone numbers. The sender garbles a message with the receiver's
public key, obtained from the computer equivalent of a phone book. Once
sent, the only way the message can be decoded is with the receiver's
mathematically related private key.
Since each receiver has his own private key, no one has to share keys,
and there is no danger of having the solution to the code intercepted.
Equally important, each encoded message could bear the unique signature
of its sender. (The sender encodes the message with his private key. The
receiver affirms the message's authenticity by using the sender's
mathematically related public key to unscramble the communication.) This
eliminates the potential for some meddling third part to send a false
Diffie's idea of two keys instead of one ignited a bomb among the
burgeoning community of computer hackers and academic math types, who
immediately began toying with public-key encryption. Not surprisingly,
it didn't take long for the theory to be applied to real-life
In 1977 three MIT scientists named Ronald Rivest, Adi Shamir and Leonard
Adelman constructed a series of algorithms, or mathematical
instructions, that put Diffie's idea into practice. The three men named
their public-key encryption system RSA, after their initials. They
patented the algorithms and formed a company, RSA Data Security.
Today the company practically enjoys a monopoly on public-key
encryption. It puts out an eye-catching advertising pamphlet ("RSA.
BEcause some things are better left unread." and sells millions of
dollars' worth of encoding packages (one example: BSAFE 2.0).
RSA's president is D. James Bidzos. He is not lining up to buy lunch for
Phil Zimmermann. In fact, he claims that Zimmermann is little more than
a poseur whose only real contribution to cryptology was to swipe RSA's
"Phil seems very eager to let people believe what he wants them to
believe," complains Bidzos. "He like to perpetuate the idea of his being
a folk hero."
Phil Zimmermann says that while he became fascinated with public-key
encryption in the mid-1970s, he didn't begin seriously contemplating
designing a useful application until 1984, when he was researching an
article about the subject for a technical magazine. In 1986 he began
fiddling with the RSA algorithms-- what he describes as "RSA in a petri
dish." He says he enjoyed some mathematical successes, but that his
work was still a far cry from any program that could be used to encode
After dabbling in crypto-math and computers for four years, Zimmermann
decided at the end of 1990 to construct a workable encoding package. In
December, he says, he began working twelve-hour days exclusively on what
was to become pretty Good Privacy. The work took its toll-- he neglected
his software consulting business and missed five payments on his house--
 but by the middle of 1991, the program was ready to go.
In June Pretty Good Privacy was released over the Internet as software
free for the taking. It was faster and simpler to use than other public-
key encryption programs on the market, and the price was right. The
feedback was almost instantaneous. Thousands of people quickly
downloaded PGP and began using it to encrypt their own messages.
Although PGP didn't contribute a lot to the theory of encryption, it did
make cryptology usable and available to the average computer jock, says
David Banisar, an analyst for the nonprofit Computer Professionals for
Social REsponsibility in Washington, D.C. "Phil didn't invent the
engine," he says, "but he did fit it inside the Ford."
Indeed, the father of public-key cryptology himself says Zimmermann's
proletarian privacy program is the closest thing yet to what he had in
mind when he invented public-key encryption nearly two decades ago-- a
nongovernment encoding system that would give the average computer user
the means to communicate without fear.
"PGP has done a good deal for the practice of cryptology," says
Whitfield Diffie, who now works for Sun Microsystems near San Francisco.
"It's close to my heart because it's close to my original objectives."
In perhaps the greatest testimony to Zimmermann's program, even those
who condemn the programmer for irresponsibly releasing PGP continue to
use his software. "It's a great program," concedes Sacramento computer
expert Sternow. "We recommend in our training to cops that they use it
to encrypt their stuff." Sternow estimates that more than 500 law
enforcement officers currently use PGP.
PGP also spurred a loose-knit California-based group of computer users
with a passion for cryptology to form a new organization to carry the
torch. The group, whose members call themselves the Cypherpunks,
espouses an unabashed libertarian philosophy when it comes to electronic
privacy-- specifically, that privacy is far too crucial a civil right
to be left to the governments of the world, and that the best way to
head off government control of cryptology is to spread the capability to
shroud messages to everyone.
"Phil showed that an ordinary guy just reading the papers that already
existed could put together an encryption system that the Nation Security
Agency could break," says John Gilmore, one of three founders o the
Silicon Valley-based Cypherpunks. "It took a certain amount of bravery
to put this out, because at the time the government was talking about
restrictions on cryptography."
James Bidzos failed to see Zimmermann's courage, however. In fact, all
he saw was theft. after concluding that Pretty Good Privacy was based on
RSA's patented algorithms, he placed a call to Boulder. Basically," he
recalls, "we said, 'What the fuck?' "
Bidzos also contends that Zimmermann hardly wrote the program out of
altruism, even through Pretty Good Privacy is technically free.  "The
documentation he distributes with PGP is misleading," he says. "It does
give the impression that Zimmermann is a hero hell-bent on saving you
from the evil government and an evil corporation. Gee, strike a blow for
Yet, Bidzos continues, "he did this with every intention of making
money. It was clearly to make money, no doubt about it. He told me just
before he released it, 'Hey, I've been working on it for six years, I've
put my whole life into it, I'm behind on my mortgage payments and I need
to get something out of it."
Bidzos says he approached Zimmermann again several months later after
PGP was published and it was clear the free privacy program was not
going to go away anytime soon. "We told him that if he stopped
distributing PGP, we wouldn't sue, and he signed an agreement," Bidzos
recalls. "He was very quick to sign it. But he's been violating the
agreement ever since he signed it."
Zimmermann replies that at one time he did entertain the idea of making
some money off PGP. But he insists he gave that up before the software
package was published.
"I decided to give PGP away in the interests of changing society, which
it is now doing," he says. "The whole reason I got involved was
politics. I did not miss mortgage payments in the hopes of getting rich.
Just look at my bookshelf. I'm a politically committed person with a
history of political activism."
Zimmermann adds he's uncertain whether he's violated any of RSA's
patents, but he contends that if he did, the law doesn't make much sense
to him. "I respect copyrights," he says. "But what we're talking about
there is a patent on a math formula. It's like Isaac Newton patenting
Force = Mass x Acceleration. You'd have to pay royalty every time you
threw a baseball."
He also acknowledges that he signed a nondistribution agreement with RSA
Data Security for Pretty Good Privacy. But he insists that the has
abided by it-- although admittedly only in the strictest legal sense.
For example, while Zimmermann says he doesn't update or distribute PGP
himself, he concedes that he freely gives direction to a worldwide
"cadre of volunteers," who then implement the advice.
The legal problems stemming from Zimmermann's invention don't end with
James Bidzos and RSA. In February two agents from the U.S. Customs
Service flew to Boulder to meet with Zimmermann and his lawyer, Phil
Dubois, According to Dubois, the two agents said they were investigating
how PGP had found its way overseas, a violation of U.S. law forbidding
the export of encryption systems.
Contacted at their San Jose office, the agents declined to comment on
the investigation. Yet there is little doubt as to the agency's intent.
On September 14, Leonard Mikus, the president of ViaCrypt, and Arizona
company that recently signed a deal with Zimmermann to distribute a PGP-
like encryption package, received a grand jury subpoena asking him to
turn over the U.S. Attorney's office any documents related to PGP and
Phil Zimmermann.
Two days later the Austin, Texas, publisher of "Moby Crypto," a software
encryption collection that includes PGP on it, received a similar
subpoena. The subpoena demanded that the company, Austin Codeworks, turn
overall documents related to the international distribution of "Moby
Crypto," as well as "any other commercial product related to PGP."
The San Jose-based assistant U.S. attorney who signed the subpoenas,
William Keane, acknowledges only that since subpoenas have been issued,
a federal grand jury investigation is in process. Beyond that, he says,
"I can't comment on the investigation."
Zimmermann acknowledges that with thousands of people copying and
distributing PGP, it was inevitable the program would make its way to
Europe and Asia. But he adds that he had nothing to do with exporting
Pretty Good Privacy-- and says he couldn't have prevented it if he
tried. "When thousands and thousands of people have access to it, how
could it not be exported?" he asks.
Adds Dubois: "The law just can't keep up with the technology. Somebody
in Palo Alto learns something, and pretty soon somebody in Moscow is
going to know about the same thing. There's nothing you can do about
No that the U.S. government hasn't made a very serious effort to do
something about the spread of unofficial encryption systems. Indeed,
until very recently, governments have enjoyed what amounted to an
exclusive franchise for the science of codes and codebreaking. Advances
have been made in fits and starts, with much activity occurring during
times of national tension and war. In that past forty years,
Washington's attraction to encryption has been kept humming by the spy-
fest of the Cold War.
Because the government has always controlled the medium of codes, it has
controlled the message as well. In _The_ _Codebreakers_, a 1967 book
widely considered the definitive history of cryptology, David Kahn wrote
that the U.S. government hasn't been shy about exercising censorship and
grand-scale privacy invasions in the name of breaking enemy codes,
perceived or real.
Fearful of encoded messages slipping to and from traitors, for instance,
the U.S. government by the end of World War II had constructed a
censorship office that employed nearly 15,000 people and occupied 90
building throughout the country. These censors open a million pieces of
versus mail a day, listened in on telephone conversations and cast a
suspicious eye on movies and magazine articles that flooded across their
The code watchdogs were not content simply with intercepting and
examining communications, though. Officials also found reason to ban
some communications even before they could be written. Incomplete
crossword puzzles were pulled from letters in case their answers
contained some secret code. Chess games by mail were stopped for fear
they concealed directions to spies. Knitting instructions, who numbers
might hide some security-threatening message, were intercepted.
The government's interest in controlling secret codes did not evaporate
with the end of World War II, or even with the thawing of the Cold War.
RSA Data Security's Bidzos says the inventors of the RSA algorithms were
approached by the NSA in the mid-1970s and discouraged from publishing
their discovery. And Washington still classifies encoding systems as
munitions, right alongside tanks and missiles. As a result, the export
of any encryption system is against the law, considered a breach of the
national security.
As technology has surged forward, lawmakers have tried to maintain a
grip on encryption through legislation. In 1991 a  version of the U.S.
Senate's Omnibus Crime Bill contained a provision that would have
effectively mandated that any private encoding system contain a "back
door" that law enforcement agencies could enter if they suspected any
misdeeds by the sender or receiver of a message. The clause was pulled
after an uproar from computer users, data security companies and civil
liberty organizations.
Despite the failure of the 1991 bill (as well as a 1992 FBI-sponsored
version that would have outlawed the use of tap-proof cryptology over
digital phone systems), the government has not given up on its attempt
to control encryption. Rather, it has simply shifted strategy.
Six months ago the Clinton administration announced plans to flood the
market with the government's own public-key electronic voice-encoding
system, called, alternative, "Clipper" or "Skipjack". The catch: An as-
yet unnamed federal agency or agencies would hold the private keys in
case any legally appropriate eavesdropping was necessary.
The administration has stopped short of saying it will outlaw private
encoding devices and mandate the use of the new Clipper system. "The
standard would be voluntary," assures Jan Kosko, a spokeswoman for the
National Institute of Standards and Technology in Maryland, which teamed
up with the NSA to develop the system.
That said, officials acknowledge that the federal government will smile
on those companies that choose Clipper over other, private encryption
systems.  If, for example, a private company is seeking to do business
with a federal government agency requiring encoding, that company would
be well advised to use Clipper if it wants to win contracts. "A
manufacture not using it," Kosko points out, "could not compete very
well" for federal contracts.
On the same day the administration revealed its intention  to implement
Clipper, AT&T announced it would use the system in its new secure-
telephone product line, thereby becoming the first company to agree to
spread the government's encryption throughout the country.
And, while AT&T will continue to sell other, non-government-approved
encoding devices for its phones, the new Clipper model will sell for
less than half the price of AT&T's in-house encryption model, according
to David Arneke, a spokesman for the company's Secure Communications
System division in North Carolina. He says the first models-- which
with a price tag of $1,200 will appeal mostly to law enforcement
agencies and businesses hoping to keep their industrial secrets secret--
 should hit the shelves by the end of the year.

@_date: 1993-10-02 18:34:26
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: troglodyte MIND RAPIST flames, take II 
anon.penet.fi cut my message. now I know how Infocalypse feels.
send this EVERYWHERE in cyberspace it might make a difference.
does routine FIDOnet email INVASION by operators VIOLATE the U.S. Electronic Communications Privacy Act? EFF's lawyer M. Godwin speaks
with FIDOnet operator Al Billings  on the cypherpunks mailing list. Resident list crank Perry Metzger offers
his own whitehot flame.
this forward brought to you by
Cyberspatial Reality Advancement Movement (CRAM)
Information Liberation Front (ILF)
That's all very nice, but it doesn't enable a FIDO sysop to intercept
messages from people who are not users of his or her particular system.
Those people did not waive their rights to privacy under the ECPA.
This is a common myth. First of all, there are many BBSs that do
offer truly private mail, or whose sysops, as a matter of policy, do not
read others' private mail. Secondly, there's no legal liability associated
with allowing e-mail privacy. Third, federal law (the ECPA) bars
sysops from examining mail except under some very precisely defined
I suggest that you inform sysops who tell you otherwise that they can
contact me at the Legal Services Department of EFF. You've got my e-mail
address already--my phone number is 202-347-5400.
 > Now, the point most internet people forget is that FIDOnet hosts are
 > hobbyists with 100% privately-owned machines and generally pay for the
 > entire participation of their userbase out of their own pockets,
 > excepting a few who get some dollars here and there from their generous
 > callers.
I have never forgotten this. But their commitment and efforts do not
amount to an amendment to federal law.
 > As a completely justified consequence, they can decide if they
 > allow encrypted traffic _on their individual BBSs_.  Under what legal theory do they get an ECPA exemption as a "completely
justified consequence"?
 > In that there is
 > considerable fear of the consequences of illegal activity being
 > conducted on their BBSs via encrypted mail, many sysops (such as the one
 > you mention, leaving aside, for now, that he apparently confused a PGP
 > key with an encrypted message) do not wish to take the risk and forbid
 > encrypted traffic.
What they don't realize is that, rather than reducing the risk of legal
liability, they are increasing it.
 > They also monitor e-mail, if only incidentally
 > during the course of routine system maintenance, and notices to this
 > effect are generally contained in log-on screens and new-user info
 > files.
Any monitoring that results *directly* as a function of system maintenance
is okay--it's sanctioned by ECPA.
 > In that these sysops are extremely, _personally_ vulnerable, they are
 > generally more cautious than those internet folks who can hide behind
 > institutions and businesses.
If they were really cautious, they'd talk to a lawyer before setting
policy based on some guess as to what their legal liabilities may be.

@_date: 1993-10-02 18:44:26
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: troglodyte MIND RAPIST flames, take III 
really, it's not my fault. blame Mike Godwin does routine FIDOnet email INVASION by operators VIOLATE the U.S. Electronic Communications Privacy Act? EFF's lawyer M. Godwin speaks
with FIDOnet operator Al Billings  on the cypherpunks mailing list. Resident list crank Perry Metzger offers
his own whitehot flame.
this forward brought to you by
Cyberspatial Reality Advancement Movement (CRAM)
Information Liberation Front (ILF)
That's all very nice, but it doesn't enable a FIDO sysop to intercept
messages from people who are not users of his or her particular system.
Those people did not waive their rights to privacy under the ECPA.
This is a common myth. First of all, there are many BBSs that do
offer truly private mail, or whose sysops, as a matter of policy, do not
read others' private mail. Secondly, there's no legal liability associated
with allowing e-mail privacy. Third, federal law (the ECPA) bars
sysops from examining mail except under some very precisely defined
I suggest that you inform sysops who tell you otherwise that they can
contact me at the Legal Services Department of EFF. You've got my e-mail
address already--my phone number is 202-347-5400.
 > Now, the point most internet people forget is that FIDOnet hosts are
 > hobbyists with 100% privately-owned machines and generally pay for the
 > entire participation of their userbase out of their own pockets,
 > excepting a few who get some dollars here and there from their generous
 > callers.
I have never forgotten this. But their commitment and efforts do not
amount to an amendment to federal law.
 > As a completely justified consequence, they can decide if they
 > allow encrypted traffic _on their individual BBSs_.  Under what legal theory do they get an ECPA exemption as a "completely
justified consequence"?
 > In that there is
 > considerable fear of the consequences of illegal activity being
 > conducted on their BBSs via encrypted mail, many sysops (such as the one
 > you mention, leaving aside, for now, that he apparently confused a PGP
 > key with an encrypted message) do not wish to take the risk and forbid
 > encrypted traffic.
What they don't realize is that, rather than reducing the risk of legal
liability, they are increasing it.
 > They also monitor e-mail, if only incidentally
 > during the course of routine system maintenance, and notices to this
 > effect are generally contained in log-on screens and new-user info
 > files.
Any monitoring that results *directly* as a function of system maintenance
is okay--it's sanctioned by ECPA.
 > In that these sysops are extremely, _personally_ vulnerable, they are
 > generally more cautious than those internet folks who can hide behind
 > institutions and businesses.
If they were really cautious, they'd talk to a lawyer before setting
policy based on some guess as to what their legal liabilities may be.
anonymous at extropia.wimsey.com says:
You haven't been listening at all to Mr. Godwin, have you?
1) The ECPA *DOES* apply to the BBSes whether they want it to or not.
   All the hoping in the world doesn't make a statute go away. Merely
   declaring that the ECPA doesn't apply to you doesn't work -- try
   declaring the tax laws don't apply to you some time and see if that
   works.
2) The BBS operators are NOT liable UNLESS they censor the mail. If
   they censor the mail, they are liable for anything they fail to
   censor. If they do not censor, they are common carriers, and have
   no liability.
In other words, jackasses pretending they understand the law have both
broken the law and made themselves more, not less, liable for anthing
left on their machines.
They take NO risk. They are common carriers if they stop censoring
their mail. People don't seem to understand that the law on this is
very clear.
By the idiotic logic the FIDO operators are using, the phone company
could be siezed if two people have a conversation about a crime over
the phone. The notion is, of course, absurd, and so is the stupid
half-assed amateur lawyering the people who wrote the FIDO policies
Actually, as I've just noted, you have not protected yourself. You
have opened yourself up for massive legal liability where you had none
The depths of human folly never cease to amaze me. This case is as if
a group of bankers, deciding that they were scared that they might be
held liable if one of their clients were a drug dealer (which they
aren't) decides to embezzle all the client accounts instead to "keep
themselves safe".

@_date: 1993-10-02 20:24:27
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: Zimmermann's PGP: "A Cure for the Common Code" (fixed) 
Denver Westword, Vol. 17 Number 5, Sept. 29 1993
 I've been thwarted by anon.penet.fi and the two characters
'--' at least FIVE times today. better than losing anonymity though!
The complete version *should* appear in
the initial cypherpunk and talk.politics.crypto versions are missing the following closing paragraphs. also the cypherpunk version did not credit author ERIC DEXHEIMER.
Despite the notoriety and acclaim Pretty Good Privacy has brought him,
Zimmermann admits he is not entirely comfortable with some of the
popular reaction to his software. "PGP tends to attract fringe elements-
- radicals, conspiracy theorists and so on-- and I'm a little
embarrassed by it," he says.
For instance, Zimmermann says he recently received a packet of fan mail
from a group of people whose obsession is cryogenics-- the notion that
newly dead people ought to be frozen until the technology that can
revive them is developed. While the group seemed enthusiastic about PGP,
Zimmermann says their recognition did little for his ego. "I don't want
to be admired by people who are loonies," he says.
He also concedes that, despite what law enforcement officers say about
him being irresponsible for publishing PGP he is trouble by people who
use the software for unsavory purposes. The William Steen case, for
instance, unnerved him. "This is not a black-and-white issue to me,"
Zimmermann says. "The thought of a child molester out there using PGP
does keep me up at nights. I think the benefits will outweigh the cost
to society, though."
Despite his misgivings about it, after nearly two years Pretty Good
Privacy may be paying off for Zimmermann. Not only is his software
consulting business hopping ("If you're a consultant , you get more work
as a famous consultant"), but four weeks ago he finalized the deal with
ViaCrypt to sell a version of PGP. The Arizona company has purchased a
license from RSA Data Security to use its algorithms. So in theory,
anyway, Zimmermann should be out of reach of RSA's patent-infringement
claims. In the meantime, Zimmermann says he simply is pleased to have gotten a
rise out of the government. "In the nuclear freeze movement, it was like
I was a flea on the back of a dinosaur," he says. "Now I feel like I'm a
hamster on the back of a dinosaur. Or maybe a poodle."

@_date: 1993-10-04 18:34:47
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: Mycotronix Garbage 
karn at qualcomm.com (Phil Karn) on LA Times article:
HALLELUJAH! they FINALLY NOTICED!

@_date: 1993-10-11 22:16:25
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: codehead flames 
cypherpunks. there seems to be some tension on this list lately. in particular some newbies are getting flamed for not being "codeheads".
please send me any flames on the subject you have received in email. i plan to try to do something that will help resolve the tension.

@_date: 1993-10-14 03:31:55
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: cypherpunk mindfucking 
there is some serious mindfucking going on recently with pseudo
addresses in postings to the list. it has reached critical mass. i've
been monitoring the list for some time.
_pure_ cypherpunks, go back through your archives to discover the
stinky irregularities. send the instances to the list and cc: me.
something needs to be done about the fucking perversions. we are being
mindfucked by traitors. a _large_ amount of list traffic is originating
from a _few_ real identities. you know what they say about 90% of
everything being crap, eh? 90% of the crap here is poison "from above".
you want to know why there are too many postings? too much out-of-order
crap? a lot of bizarre & abusive flames? strange newbies? _desperate_
opposition to changing the list status quo? heh. guess. it's called
"damage control". the frauds are among us. they are under a lot of
stress lately  in fact, a lot of vomit from one or _two_
depraved persons through different sites, with lax authentication, say
netcom.com, crl.com, anon.penet.fi, or io.com could look a lot like a
"clique" eh? and if "they" were to do their cybermasturbation in
public, it might look like "elitism" eh? there is quite a bit of
jacking around lately... yeh, paranoid rants are really the only
problem! heh. gee, i wonder how _long_ this has been going on ... since
the beginning, i'm sure. that's the point.
do not be afraid of "status". be sickened by it. you know why
"leadership" is a bad word around here? heh, do a grep for "qualified
personel" or "the agenda" or "a traitor, a hypocrite, a lackey" or
"Clique" or "newbie" or "Bamberg" because there is nothing but mindfucking.
"we can all pretend the agenda is what we favor"
thanks to everyone who has sent me mail. keep it coming. i intend to
get to the ugly bottom of this if i have to. there is a putrid rotten
stench here, i pray to GOD that others will finally smell it. i'm
getting closer. i'm breaking it _wide_ open. the pretenders and
traitors will be shot. the Cause has been stalled. the Cause will
conquer. the Cause will live on.
beware of anyone who tells you to throw away your Cypherpunk archives.
they are a record of treason.

@_date: 1993-10-15 05:07:08
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: PROOF POSITIVE OF POISON 
From: tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May)
 Lots of options for dealing with too much volume, too much flamage,
too little content, too many diverse interests, whatever.  Not all
options are feasible for the Sysadmin (Eric Hughes), of course, and
software is not always available.
Needless to say, these ideas are swirling around in many minds.
"Abraham-Hughes" described their ideas along these lines at a
Cypherpunks meeting,
 From: jamie at netcom.com (Jamie Dinkelacker)
Newbie cypheroids and cypherettes,
Tim May has pointed to _The Puzzle Palace_ by Bamberg several times here
and on the Extropians list. If like me you're a newbie, it's a quick,
excellent read. Don't miss it. It'll give context for the quote, "gentlemen
don't read each other's mail."
 From: tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May)
"My name is Bamford, _James_ Bamford."
Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace" is a bit dry in places, but is very
well-researched. I first read it in hardback in 1982 and the stuff
about intercepts of commercial intelligence (stock trades, corporate
secrets, etc.) got me to thinking about how the NSA may be _using_
the fruits of its corporate intercepts. This motivated the plot of the
novel I've been working on, and my interest in the "BlackNet" aspects
of crypto, so I can honestly say Bamford's book changed my life.
He also describes in previously-nonpublicized detail the "Harvest" and
"Lodestone" systems installed at NSA headquarters at Fort Meade around
1963. Our own Norm Hardy was involved in this and will be describing
his "Harvest" experiences at this Saturday's Cypherpunks meeting.
See (some of) you there!
 From: jamie at netcom.com (Jamie Dinkelacker)
ooops, Tim's right. I was listening to David Bromberg (urg?) while writing
that post and it slipped out. Thanks, Tim.
 From: tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May)
My point is this: there are many sound reasons to keep a group such as
ours a mailing list and not open it to every freshman in college who
can grep for "punk" and stumble across us, or for every
Sternlight-type bozo who delights in creating noise and rancor in
As others have mentioned, tools exist to locally feed mailing list
traffic into pseuodo-newsgroups, which can then be treated as the
newsgroup format some folks desire.
We debate this issue every couple of months. Give it up. Or start your
own newsgroup. Or use one of the existing newsgroups.
 From: tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May)
And I'm shocked--:-}-- that people keep beating a dead horse,
expecting that if they repeat their arguments enough times, something
will miraculously change. This rarely works, and mainly just dilutes
the content of the list further.
I won't repeat my own arguments for the 7th or 8th time. In any case,
Eric Hughes has the final say and he has said it will not happen in no
uncertain terms.
If you vote otherwise, send your votes to dev/null. They'll count more
that way. (There is no pretense that the list is a democracy.)
Not one of the major goals, from my perspective. We don't advertise,
we don't lobby, we aren't even _set up_ to do such a thing. And when
we're interviewed (and anybody _can_ be), nobody spouts off the
"Cypherpunks agenda."
Books and magazines spread knowledge. Notice that we don't even have a
FAQ? We're hardly in the education business.
We're a loose collection of folks, bound by the mailing list and the
various physical meetings (and those of you out in the hinterlands
should simply organize your own gatherings). The interest in
remailers, digital money, code, etc., is the main glue.
Political action is a detour. The Clipper debate was one such detour,
occuoying too much time for several months, though I suspect some good
came out of it.
Anyway, it's not for me to say what the Cypherpunks are, but all those
folks shouting that "we" are a lobbying group, or whatever, are
misguided, I think.
One of the advantages of a mailing list is the implied sense of
community and of a shared history. It is expected that most on the
list have seen the traffic go by, even if they skipped many of the
messages. Newsgroups, on the other hand, encourage people to dip in
for a few days, ignore for several weeks, dip in again, and so on.
Thus, a huge number of repeat topics as people dip in and out and miss
the context of comments, the history, and so on. Progress stalls, even
more so than progress may've stalled in some areas on this List.
And while I agree that TLAs may be reading this list, one way or
another, making it a newsgroup would open it up for archiving around
the world, for appearance on those CD-ROMS filled with Usenet traffic,
and for easy grepping by future employers and future government
snoops. In other words, a public forum.
That's great if the goal is to educate people about crypto, not so
great if the goal is frank discussion of tough problems.
 --Tim
 -- Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,  tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets, W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
Note: I put time and money into writing this posting. I hope you enjoy it.
 From: mbl at ml7694a.leonard.american.edu (Matthew B. Landry)
        Unless this list undergoes some VERY radical changes, it will never be a "safe and fun environment" to introduce new people to anything. At the moment, in order to get anything out of it, one has to devote large quantities of queue space and time to the subscription, and sift through the flames and other noise to locate the rare bit of truly valuable info. There are very few people on this list who routinely post things worth reading, and many who _never_ post things worth reading, and seem to be only around for the flame         And god forbid that a newcomer should ask a QUESTION! Dear lord no. That newcomer will be flamed so totally that no burn unit around will be able to save them.
        Most of those that are persistent or resiliant enough to survive what this list can often put people through may or may not decide to stay. I would imagine that such negative experiences would turn a lot of people off to the whole idea of crypto-privacy. If I hadn't already been committed to privacy when I joined the list, I would have immediately unsubscribed, called Fort Meade, and asked what I could do to help.         The vast majority of people who post on this list and respond to other people's posts are obnoxious idiots who are willing to flame at the slightest provocation, and will do so until the person they attack backs down or simply gives up.
        No one on this list is entirely to blame, nor is anyone entirely blameless for this. Several of the top figures on the list (TC May and Eric Hughes to name two) have recently adopted an inappropriately elitist attitude toward the direction of the list, and the movement. No one can stop Eric from running the _list_ however he wants, but the _movement_ belongs to all of us, thank you. Even though I respect the crypto-political opinions that they express a great deal, I think that they and their supporters have taken this too far. And worse, they have not taken a firm stand against the kind of flame war that is continually erupting over individual posts on the list. For the leaders to sit back and watch this go on is simply not the appropriate way to handle things.
        Until we fix the serious problems in this list, it will never be an appropriate environment for newcomers to learn about crypto-privacy, just a training ground for flame-throwers.
        Dare I suggest (why not? I'm already burning to a crisp, how much worse could it get?) that we create a moderated newsgroup that would gateway the substantive traffic from this list into a more accessible forum (but NOT the other way around). In that manner, we could provide a place for newcomers to learn about cryptography and the movement, without forcing them to sift through mountains of flame wars. Questions could be referred to qualified personnel, instead of going to the list where they act like little flame magnets.
        This newsgroup would not replace the list, nor would it be more than marginally connected (because of the selected cross-postings), but it would provide the kind of environment that the list does not or cannot provide.
        Go ahead and dump flames in my mailbox. I've long since gotten used to it. I'm not going to back down until someone convinces me that a hospitable environment with informative traffic and a high s/n ratio is a bad idea. Or, you can save bandwidth and send the flames to /dev/null, because that's where anything that doesn't make sense will go. Rational comments are welcome,         Oh, and for those of you that are tired of seeing me post, you can rest assured that you will never see it again. Contributing to this list has brought nothing but trouble to my life, and I have better things to do with my time than wade through piles of flamage in my personal mail box.
 From: tcmay at netcom.com (Timothy C. May)
I wrote this reply to Matthew Landry, who raised some complaints about
the direction of this list, the role of the "leaders," and so on. I
sent it to him personally, so as not to add to the already heavy
volume of stuff on this list, especially the complaints of the last
few days.
I think the term "leader" is inappropriate. Several of us got the group
rolling a little over a year ago, but the anarchic nature of the
mailing list (source of strengths as well as weaknesses).
In Matthew's post he on the one hand blasts the elitist attitude of
Eric Hughes and myself while in the next paragraph blasting the lack
of action taken by the "leaders" to control flames and set up systems
to help newcomers.
Anyway, I enjoyed a political piece Matthew wrote a couple of weeks or
so ago, and I told him this. So his piece tonight (2:30 a.m) merited a
And though some of you are no doubt sick of seeing these issues
debated, I've decided to forward my letter to him to all of you, as I
think some points need to be made.
I've removed one or two sentences from the version I mailed to
 From: tcmay (Timothy C. May)
Matthew, I think you're taking the stuff here too personally. Not all the
feedback to you has been negative--I recall congratulating you on a
nice political piece.
But you have raised issues about elitism and unwillingness to teach
newcomers that others have raised. And you ought to see some of the
abusive e-mail I get! Whew! Whenever I disagree with some of the paranoids and ranters, I am
called a traitor, a hypocrite, a lackey of Eric Hughes, a member of
the "Clique," and on and on.
Let me comment on a few of your points:
I'm sorry to hear you're getting so little new stuff here. Many of us
have spent many hour typing in (or scanning and OCRing, in my case)
papers and articles, from Chaum's "Dining Cryptographers" paper
(every bloody word of it!) to Shamir's "How to Share a Secret" to
scads of shorter articles and whatnot.
And the debate ranges from random number generators to Perl scripts
and TCL to digital money to ECPA to .... well, to about 20 major
topics, by my estimate.
This is simply not true. I have answered--when I could--the questions
of many people over the past 12 months. And I've repeatedly posted
reading lists, pointers to the Glossary at the soda site, and so on.
It is true that I sometimes am exasperated by people who have clearly
not been reading the list who ask "Can anyone tell me about digital
money?" when the topic has just been discussed!
(A FAQ would be nice. I was about to agree to do it a year ago, when
...comments on status of the FAQ elided to reduce flamage and angry
feelings.... Fortunately, there are many other newsgroups that beginners can read
ot learn crypto....Cypherpunks was not set up to compete with
sci.crypt and all the other sources.
I think this is uncalled for. I haven't seen this kind of flaming,
except in the XXXXX case, and that has its own dynamic. (And
please, Matthew, try to find a post where I have flamed XXXXX in
public...I don't believe you can easily find one.)
The mailing list cannot be run by "democratic means." Nor can
"teaching assigments" be handed out. The list is like a party at someone's home. The will of the herd is
not the will of the organizers.
Nor is the Cypherpunks agenda all that clear. I, for example, want to
see strong crypto deployed in ways very different than what others
favor. Are we to take a majority vote on an agenda, a charter?
It's better to just leave the agenda loose and unwritten, so as not to
have to grapple with this collision of goals. We can all pretend the
agenda is what we favor.
The _movement_ belongs to what gets written and what gets responded
to. In other words, if you want to be listened to, you have to get
people's attention by the quality of your arguments. You can't rail against "leaders" (an ironic choice of words you used)
like Hal Finney or Duncan Frissell just because their posts get
reaction. You can't argue that the "herd" didn't have a chance to
vote. In fact, people vote with their own posts. Market democracy.
The "leaders"? I have commented many times on issues of rancor and
flames, even recently, and for this I am accused by some of being part
of "the Clique" that "runs" Cypherpunks. Nonsense.
About 70% of the flames would subside if XXXXX would cool his jets,
and stop ranting and raving. As for "training newcomers," it's not easy. Lots of books exist, and
many of the really solid contributors (Barrus, Honeyman, Collins,
Stewart, etc.) learned their crypto in exactly this way.
Many of us wrote _very long_ articles of a tutorial nature when the
list was getting started. Newcomers who are unwilling to read some of
the technical books on crypto should not expect us to write customized
tutorials.  May I ask which "qualified personnel" you have in mind? As per the
earlier comment, not many of the crypto experts I know have any
interest in hand-holding, not when at least a dozen good books on
crypto are readily available.
How is this group you propose any different from sci.crypt,
talk.politics.crypto, the various *.privacy groups, the *.clipper
group, or the *.security groups? Seems to me sci.crypt is exactly what
you're looking for. (But don't expect hand-holding for newcomers
there, either!)
Matthew, threatening to leave is not going to have much effect. But if
you have decided to leave, good luck in all your endeavours.
-Tim May
 From: jamie at netcom.com (Jamie Dinkelacker)
[Cypherlings, excuse the bandwidth]
As a fresh newbie allow me to react for the record to your recent post.
I've never found a safe and fun environment anywhere, anytime if I looked
closely enough to see what was going on; hence I never expect it anywhere,
My questions have been answered graciously, thoroughly, and when I've been
corrected, I should've been due to inattentive typing (e.g., author's
Movement? Like in 'bowel'? I don't see the elitest approach; from my
perspective it looks like people with knowledge being exasperated when
others want private tutoring and don't RTFM. I'm pretty much the same way
in my areas of expertise.
Let me get this straight -- you're claiming property rights to spontaneous
behavior of other individuals?
It's been good for me. Why do you think that might be?

@_date: 1993-10-19 00:57:23
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: POISONOUS CYPHERPUNK TRAITORS 
THE CYPHERPUNKS HAVE BEEN POISONED WITH LIES AND HIGH TREACHERY. THOSE
WHO DO NOT CONFESS WILL BE EXPOSED. THE FRAUDS AND THE POSEURS WILL BE
RUTHLESSLY PUNISHED. IF NECESSARY, ON TALK.POLITICS.CRYPTO OR IN THE
MAINSTREAM MEDIA. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.

@_date: 1993-10-25 22:31:00
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: an open offer 
Hello, I'm trying to build up our pool of information and inside
informants. This will be the last offer (that's why it's on the list).
If you're tired of being wracked with guilt, ready to switch over from
the Dark Side, and want to join some of your associates (or should I
say, "accomplices and coconspirators") engaged in conscience cleansing,
send some email. As stated previously, we may be able to provide some
degree of amnesty or leniency, but no promises. (Talk to me and we
might be able to work something out.)
We have information on all the basics, but need more in the following areas:
1) The capabilities of the software, especially related to preventing "crossing"
2) Some more database fragments would be useful too. (The whole thing
would really be the "Holy Grail", we've had some near misses but are
keeping our fingers crossed)
3) Names of other participants-- I think we're very close to complete,
but we have to be absolutely certain before we "make our move"
4) More on the telephony modifications, techniques, and insiders
5) The media manipulations other than those in Wired (although
expansion of the ones in there would be appreciated)
6) More of the infiltration sites. The list has become quite large, but
because of the continuous trickle we have no reason to believe it is
comprehensive yet.
7) Same with the pseudoidentities. (The "breadth" and "depth"
absolutely astonish me, but what do I know! this is really a new
experience for all of us.)
8) The credit machinations. Not much info here.
9) The "insider mailing list". Not much info here either. Working on
both of these, but as everyone knows, they're in the toughest nut to crack!
10) "somebody" said "something" about "impersonation". This is probably
the other  item if you have anything on it.
Of course, we can only give you leniency if you reveal your identity,
but if you just want to get something off your chest anonymously we'll
at least look at it.
(To the insiders: it will be quite awhile before we sort everything out
and file charges, so be patient.)

@_date: 1993-09-12 20:08:30
@_author: an12070@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: WACO: FBI & BATF used *flamethrower*?! 
edited, from alt.activism
This editorial was in the Arizona of 8/22. It was written by
William P. Cheshire, Senior Editorial Columnist.
LOOKING BEYOND THE WACO SMOKE
   An anonymous tipster sent me a videotape the other day
describing in startling detail the government's shootout, siege
and ultimate destruction - possibly deliberate - of the Branch
Davidian compound outside Waco, Texas.
   The tape is the production of Linda D. Thompson, an
Indianapolis lawyer who traveled to Waco to protest the
government's initial assault on the compound, which left four
agents dead, and now devotes most of her time to investigating
how 80 or so people died 50 days later when the place was
   According to agents of the FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco, and Firearms, the followers of guru David Koresh set
fire to their own building when it was stormed by tanks and a
small army of heavily armed governments agents.  But the
videotape, assembled from the government's own film, clearly
shows one of the tanks crashing into the building, then backing
out again, fire belching from its turret.
EYEWITNESSES LACKING
   This received virtually no publicity because the media were
kept under wraps.  On a story of this magnitude, reporters and
cameramen normally would have been on the scene providing first-
hand coverage.  But in this instance the press acquiesced in
extraordinary restraints.
   Search and arrest warrants were sealed, and when government
agents settled down for what was to be a seven-week siege, the
press was allowed to get no closer than two miles from the Branch
Davidian compound.
   As the tanks rolled and the feds broke out their grenades and
submachine guns for the final assault on April 19, reporters and
cameramen gathered behind distant roadblocks, waiting for
government handouts.  Miles away the compound was being burned to the ground.
   A school board can't meet in secret without the media going
ballistic, Thompson says, but here the government conducted a
massive armored assault on civilians, unencumbered by witnesses.
  "I'm very discouraged that reporters weren't being more
aggressive in Waco," Phil Record, ombudsman for the Fort Worth
Star-Telegram, told Mark Holmberg of the Rutherford Institute in
Charlottesville, VA.  "If there had been a few neutral eyes up
there, I would feel much better about it".
   Thompson is more blunt. "Reporters sucked up everything the
ATF and FBI told them," she says.  "They're a bunch of weenies
and sheep.  None of them had the guts to ask challenging
questions or the intelligence to ask constitutional questions."
FLAME THROWER IDENTIFIED
   I reached Thompson by phone at the American Justice
Federation, a civil liberties group she operates.  She now has
identified the tank seen backing out of the Branch Davidian
building, she told me.
   "It was an M67A1 tank manufactured by Chrysler," she said.
This tank, equipped with a flamethrower, is no longer in service
and, according to Thompson, had to be taken from "the graveyard"
for the Waco assignment.  The clear implication is that the
government deliberately set fire to the Branch Davidian compound,
killing some 17 children and 69 adults.
   I asked how she found out about the M67A1, a little-know
weapon to which even Jane's Armour and Artillery gives only brief
mention. "The driver who drove it from Fort Hood called me," she said.
   At the end of the Waco madness, President Clinton said the
Branch Davidians had "burned themselves up" - and allegation
that, in the light of Linda Thompson's allegations, Congress
needs to investigate.
   Already, The Washington Post reports, the Waco embarrassment
has prompted a major reshuffle at the ATF.  Some officials may be
forced to retire, the Post says, and the chief of the
intelligence division could be denied "future promotions."
   Such punishments seem hardly proportionate.
   As a consequence of the Rodney King beating in Los Angeles,
two police officers were tried for the assault and acquitted,
then tried again for civil rights violations and sentenced to two
and a half years in the federal penitentiary.
   How is it that federal agents responsible for the death of
more than 80 men, women and children may be permitted to retire
or even to keep their present jobs?

@_date: 1993-09-18 18:19:40
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: NIST proposes software key escrow development 
Peter Wayner  writes of the NIST announcements to
develop software-based key escrow.
I think it would be utmost folly for software developers to work with the NIST
and NSA on this or invest any time or capital. The fundamental requirement for NSA approval is the implementation of Skipjack in *software* in such a way that the algorithm is *protected* like it is in the booby trapped Clipper chips-- that is, impossible to deduce.
But this appears to be complete *fantasy*. Any such system must rely on
some kind of a hardware approach. But then we're back to where we've
started -- Clipper and Capstone. Only the NSA has enough inbred, insular self-delusion to propose that 'secure' software is even a *possibility*.
These companies could better spend their time proving that Fermat's Last
Theorem is FALSE.
(Hey Cypherpunks! I KNOW! what we need is a Secure Clipper Encryption Server that handles encryption via Email! Let's get the NSA to run it!
Then it would *really* be secure! )
Furthermore, anyone who submits to this development is giving the NSA
valuable (free?) development time for the purpose of, fundamentally, a KEY ESCROW SYSTEM. Now, perhaps someone can explain to me why a software
system for depriving us of our rights is superior to one in hardware?
Doesn't anyone have the faint glimmer of the idea that NSA, the *premier*
cryptographic agency in the *world*, with unsurpassed technological and
engineering prowess in the area, would have already *figured out* how to do this if it was *at all* feasible?
Personally, I think this stinks putridly of an NSA decoy to simply claim or suggest that they're responsive to alternative solutions.  This is nothing
but a *cruel mirage* in a *barren desert*.
yes, that's *exactly* what we need -- another software patent. But this is
just a meaningless dangling carrot. (They damn well *better* have rights to
whatever they develop under private capital.)
Take a LOOK at what you've written, and ask if this project has
ANY CHANCE of succeeding. The NIST is proposing that a lot of companies
put in work into a key escrow system in software, that the NSA has
ultimate overruling veto power with *no explanation* of negative answers.
This all to come up with something that the NSA ultimately must *accept*
under the whole point of the proposal. What's the POINT?! Yes, sign me
up today to do DEVELOPMENT WORK for the NSA on a KEY ESCROW SYSTEM.
Let's put in thousands of man-hours to come up with something as fundamentally
feasible in principle as perpetual motion! All for the sheer joy of the thought the NSA *might* pat us on the back! how could this
be anything but the most PRODUCTIVE and REWARDING experience?! A company would have to be INSANE to go with this as presented!
you mean the NSA -- and does that answer your question?
I think NIST would be overjoyed to hear that anyone outside of NSA
consultants is interested.
RSA, PKP, RSADSI, Bidzos -- that makes at least four, right? the KGB would also like a secure software system. Sternlight & Denning would surely sign up.
Just another dangling carrot -- or rather, an apple with a razor blade
is an ASCII text file really that much more pliable than a silicon computer chip?!
I'm trying to be gentle, but you simply don't seem to get it! the NSA
wants a software implementation of Clipper that is TAMPERPROOF and INVISIBLE. This is like asking for a way to send locked lead safes through
phone lines! it's based on a fundamentally *bizarre* premise!
We *cannot* tamper with Skipjack in its present forms of use -- Clipper and
Capstone -- they would not exist unless the NSA had the tamperproof technology.
And the first rule of software is that it is 'TAMPERLADEN'!

@_date: 1993-09-30 03:46:37
@_author: S. Boxx 
@_subject: Business Week on PGP subpoenas 
BusinessWeek, October 4, 1993
p. 43, Washington Outlook
SPY VS. COMPUTER NERD: THE FIGHT OVER DATA SECURITY
Philip Zimmermann wanted to strike a blow for freedom.  To help
computer users keep data safe from snoopers, the Boulder (Colo.)
software consultant and self-described "privacy activist" wrote
a program making it easy to encode messages with an all-but-unbreakable
cipher.  And he offered it free through the network known as the
Now, Zimmermann's gift to cyberspace has exposed an enormous gap in
the Administration's vision of a high-tech future.  The White House
is promoting a data superhighway as a key to a competitive future.
But the National Security Agency is trying to restrict the use of
high-quality encryption, which experts believe business will need
to take full advantage of the "information infrastructure."
The focus of the fight is a program Zimmermann calls "pretty good
privacy" (PGP).  On Sept. 9, two software companies in Texas and
Arizona that have been involved in publishing PGP received federal
grand-jury subpoenas requesting documents and information about
the program.
CRACKDOWN.  Although the government won't discuss the investigation,
the computer world has a pretty good idea what's going on.  Because
sophisticated encryption allows friends and foes alike to protect
communications, the software is subject to the same export controls
as munitions.  But PGP has popped up all over the world.  The probe,
says Zimmermann's lawyer, Philip Dubois, is aimed at "finding out how
it occurred and whether an offence was committed."
Oddly, the crackdown on software comes just as the Administration is
loosening export controls on computer hardware.  But the schizophrenia
may be more apparent than real.  "I don't think they've got the export
policy together enough to be split," says a key congressional staffer.
The underlying problem, explains Paul Freedenberg, a Washington attorney
and export-controls specialist, is that "Clinton is very cautious about
dabbling in national security.  This is an area that has essentially been
turned over to the spooks."
Meanwhile, there is growing concern in Congress about possible damange
to exports.  Quality encryption software "is available from foreign
manufacturers...and is easily transmitted using only a long-distance
telephone line and a modem," complained Representative Sam Gejdenson
(D-Conn.) and a high-powered bipartisan group of colleagues in a Sept.
20 letter to the President.  "Yet the U.S. continues to control this
computer software as a Munitions List item."  Says Douglas Miller of
the Software Publishers Assn.: "The U.S. government is succeeding only
in crippling an American industry's exporting ability."
While the goal of the NSA and other security agencies - keeping U.S.
messages secure while allowing Uncle Sam to read those of both
domestic and foreign bad guys - is laudable, technology may be rendering
it impossible.  "Law enforcers no longer have the inside track," says
Eben Moglen of Columbia University law school.
Experts agree that NSA officials are smart enough to see the writing
on the wall, encrypted or not.  But, says James Bitzos [sic], president
of RSA Data Security Inc. in Redwood City, Calif., the agency wants to
maintain as much control as possible for as long as possible.  Today,
intelligence agencies still have a shot at finding "needles in the
haystack," he says.  "If they lift export controls, they might as well
go home."
Still, the NSA can't stave off the inevitable for long.  Gejdenson hopes
to produce legislation by early next year to revamp government policy
on high-tech exports.  The result will probably include looser
restrictions on encryption software - and a victory for Phil Zimmermann
in his battle to keep snoops out of his cyberspace.
By John Carey

@_date: 1994-01-02 20:08:43
@_author: an12070@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: cyberanarchy RULEZ!!! 
When my son appeared home from work last Tuesday evening just
as the 10 p.m. news was beginning, I was pleasantly surprised
to see him. Earlier in the day he told me he'd be home around
11 since he was scheduled to be one of the `closers' at Chuck
E. Cheese that evening. I hated it when he was scheduled to close on school nights,
and I told him so that afternoon. But since his fellow
employees and manager had been so kind to him during a recent
illness, and since he hadn't been able to earn much Christmas
money, I didn't say much more. So when he came in and said,
``Hey, someone else wanted to close tonight, so I didn't have
to stay,'' I knew I could lock up and go to bed a little
earlier than I'd planned.
Then the news bulletin came on: ``There has been a shooting
at Chuck E. Cheese pizza parlor in Aurora.''
I yelled and my son came out of the bathroom with his
toothbrush still in his mouth. He sat on the edge of the
rocking chair watching and waiting for more information. Then
he said, pointing his finger at me and shaking, ``I bet I
know who it was...''
I questioned him about what he had seen and dialed the police
department. The police spoke with him and said they'd send
out a detective. Then my son told me about the people who
were still at the restaurant when he left.
Bobby -- the nicest guy in the world, he said. Sylvia -- a
lot of fun. Ben, oh yeah, he was in the game room. Colleen --
 she was working the show room. And Marge -- did you know she
liked weird pizza -- like spinach and stuff? He spoke about
each one as we waited for more information.
In the meantime, we heard helicopters and sirens waited for
more word. The early reports were sketchy ... Several people
had been shot ... Some were still in the restaurant, some
were being wheeled out on stretchers ....
More on the morning news, they said. We looked at each other
in disbelief. I knew that my son had missed being one of the
victims by minutes, maybe just a couple of minutes.
No one in our family slept well that night. At about 4:30
a.m., I got up. I had been having nightmares anyway, and I
wanted to make sure that whatever the news was, I knew it
before my son did. I'll help him through it, I thought. He
was sleeping on the floor in his brother's room. He didn't
want to be alone.
As I looked at the  front page of the newspaper, I felt some
relief that at least some of the people had survived. But
then I turned on the early news and learned that all the
victims had been shot in the head and that two were dead:
Marge and Colleen. I held my sides and wept. My son heard me
and came out to watch the news. He urged on those still
living: ``Come on, Sylv, come on ...''
I prayed hardest for Bobby. He had offered to close for my
son. I didn't know if I could handle it, or how my son would
feel, if he didn't make it. But as that day wore on -- that
horrible day -- two more would die. There but for the grace of God, I thought.
I kept picturing my son's face as he talked to the TV
reporters. My child is in shock, I thought. And here I am at
work, trying to act as though my world has not been blown
apart as well. After a few short hours, I decided I should go
home -- I wanted to be there when he came home. I wanted to
hold him and tell him I love him.
After my son arrived home, the phone rang and rang. People
from all over the country were calling to make sure that he
was OK. He told his story over and over again. He needs help,
I can see, but I don't know how to give it to him.
It's so hard to imagine the pain felt by the families of
Colleen, Sylvia, Ben, and Marge. I've thought often about how
horrible that night was for them and about how hard it will
be in the future. It's hard for me to even imagine the depth
of my own son's pain.
No one taught me how to help my child through a mass murder.
I can't explain to him why the police say they are going to
call and then don't. I don't know why the alleged murderer
was allowed to threaten people for months without anyone
challenging him. I'm not sure that it would happen again
tonight. Most of all, I'm scared to admit that most people
won't attach any responsibility for the situation to anyone
but the killer.
No parent, no school official, no juvenile or adult law
enforcement agency, no former employer recognized and took
responsibility for the potential danger of this situation.
Maybe that is today's truth. We have become very adept at
avoiding responsibility for much of anything.
I'm angry at s many people -- and I'm angry with myself. Our
young people need our help. They are living through these
horrors because we are allowing them too, mostly because we
are just too busy to care. They did not, in their short
lives, create this violent, irresponsible society. We pretend
not to see that we sell them the means of their destruction.
I realize that my nerves are raw right now. I just hope that
as the days and months go by that we do something meaningful
to show our kids that we really mean to help them end the
violence that threatens their generation.
I am sorry, too, son. I haven't done enough so far. But that
doesn't mean that I can't do more now. Please help me. We all
need to speak up when we see something going very wrong. If
we are going to effect an real change, I'll need your energy
and commitment to push me. And I will take responsibility for
my part. It isn't too late, son.

@_date: 1994-01-02 22:48:43
@_author: an12070@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Current Operational Status 
We (operation Cyberanarchist Repression and Poison) thought you might
like an update of our current status and future plans. We have been
extremely busy! So much has happened lately! Remember when we said,
That was a reference to Operation Tick-Tick-Tick. We were really
delighted with the outcome of this attack, we made very significant
gains in our campaign, and there were some stellar fireworks. The
sequence of Usenet posts equating cyberanarchists with drug users and
Sodomites found great response. The Cyberanarchist glossary was
unchallenged! We nailed the szabo at netcom.com tentacle mercilessly, and
he is afraid to show his sickly green face any more.  The Pit Bull (His
Royal Eminence) showed up to make a fatal mistake in exposing the Szabo
tentacle, and we nailed him some too (his brilliant smear tactics give
us more ideas ourselves!). As usual, Emminent Eric has been rather
quiet. We did spoof him spectacularly with that Apology feint. `I never
wanted a brainwashed follower.' `Democracy stinks.' `I am the anti Christ.' Ha, ha.
Tantalizing Timmy showed up a bit `out there' to further whine, evade,
and threaten, and tell us that he doesn't know anything about drugs! He
says he has a gun, and isn't afraid to use it! Fantastic! `The rumors
about high level conspiracies and drug use are false' he says. Ooops,
have you talked to Ingenuous John? (hee, hee). You guys really have to
work on getting your stories straight. It's pretty pathetic. As for the
BS, we don't know who it is you saw at your last Cypherpunk party and
their California IDs. Must have been some cardboard cutouts! Oh, what
fun. This is all in addition to the shrapnel wounds on the public lists
(we have no comment on the private ones!).
We appreciate your feedback in all areas. What did you think of the
delightful poetry? How about the Nazi Espionage story? That brought
tears to our eyes when we thought how much your own Big Macs have
surpassed the Fuhrer in their own present glories and future ambitions.
Perhaps the people `out there' on Usenet will be similarly impressed ... ?
Nevertheless, the Big Macs don't seem to understand that we have long
since lost interest in the tentacle exorcisms, although we like to
continue to play to keep our practice. We have graduated to the Big
Leagues and they are still scratching their crotches in the minors.
Full fledged exposure! The Cypherpunk Credit union for money
laundering! the black markeeting! the tax evasion! The lies in the
media! The secret mailing lists! Thank you so much for finally coming
clean (or at least opening a few windows to diminish the stench) in
some key areas. Our next projects should help encourage you to continue
this wonderful Glasnost, where before we had the KGB.
Once again, we remind you that you can relent and surrender at any
time. Some of the things we are interested in at the moment:
1. Further information on the media deceptions in Wired and NYT. These
are very difficult to unravel.
2. A complete status report of the TX bank and CA credit union. Maybe
some more info on the `real' Chaum link.
3. A complete comment by the Big Macs on their knowledge and
involvement in pseudospoofing and all the `quasi-legal' activities.
4. A complete list of all the secret mailing lists. Your subscribers to
this list would probably be interested in this too, why not post it
publicly? After all, they don't know that all the *real* development is
being done under the table. Kind of ironic, too, how long people were
asking for a `list split', not knowing that it had already been done in
secret. Ah, a pity, but that is your modus operandi.
But, since in the true spirit of warfare we must be prepared for any
eventuality, including the continued persistence and tenacity of the
enemy. So you know, here are some of the operations we are planning
over the coming weeks and months, listed in scale of seriousness and potency. Operation SQUISH - a very sophisticated and comprehensive simultaneous
attack on many fronts that will involve a `grass roots' approach vs.
the last `top down' attack in the newsgroups. Medusa keeps asking for
our complete knowledge. This will lay it all out on the table for
everyone to examine -- a complete list of tentacles, Small Fries, Big
Macs, Poison Needles, Medusa Sisters, and Medusa. It will also be a bit
disorienting for you in the spirit of our favorite tactics of
`polymorphic paragraphs'. You really seem to get a buzz from that. If
you think that the last Usenet strike was bad, wait 'til you see what
happens with this one!
Operation Octopus - this is the multiple pseudonym and agent project.
We plan to have at least a dozen (hence the name) posting
simultaneously to many different lists and the newsgroups. But the
overhead on this is very significant, and it will take us awhile to
gear up and build the infrastructure to the point we can `engage'. You
have seen more of these agents lately `out there', but our coordinated
attack will take some more planning.
Hopefully, these operations will crack the nut. It is already wobbling,
splintering, chipping, and shaking. But this is a tough nut to crack.
The following operations are far more insidious and devastating. We
have been hinting about them in various places. They are our `secret
weapons' -- the will require some further developments, but will be
immensely effective in destabilizing your technology and `movement'.
Operation Duplicity - extremely top secret. Let's just say, you will be
seeing double, and triple, and quadruple, and ...
Operation Apocalypse - extremely top secret. Let's just say, Robert
Morris and Richard Depew would be proud ...
Of course, in the meantime your list will be subject to the same
drizzle of froth that has you so excited lately. And we'll probably
recycle some of our better artillery to strategic positions `out there'
on Usenet some more. We wish to thank T.C.May personally for all the
stellar ideas in Reputation Assault and Cyberspatial Sabotage. What's
good for the criminal is good for the police, so to speak!
Finally, just to let you know, we are going to take a momentary
breather here and scale back all the current operations somewhat to
reorganize and retrench before the next onslaught, so enjoy the
respite. Happy New Year!
p.s. you might want to see this below. This software and attack report
was part of our last strike, Operation Tick-Tick-Tick. The software for
the new operations is far more complex (you know how difficult it is
e.g. to track multiple identities well), partly the reason for the delay.
 -f
sleep 518400
echo insider
echo `date`
nick "Cryptoanarchist Assassination Squad"
send ./insider&
sleep 86400  day
echo glossary
echo `date`
nick "T.C.Hughes"
send ./gloss1&
send ./gloss2&
sleep 86400
echo szabo
echo `date`
nick "GCHQ"
send ./szabo&
sleep 86400
echo druggies
echo `date`
nick "Pablo Escobar"
send ./druggies&
sleep 86400
echo homo
echo `date`
nick "A.Pervert"
send ./homo&
sleep 86400
echo tcmay
echo `date`
nick "The Allied Forces"
send ./tcmay&
sleep 86400
echo conspiracy
echo `date`
nick "S.Boxx"
send ./conspiracy&
Mon Dec 13 15:58:36 UTC 1993
[1] 8930
[1]  + Done                 send ./insider
Tue Dec 14 15:58:57 UTC 1993
[1] 10919
[2] 10920
[2]  + Done                 send ./gloss2
[1]  + Done                 send ./gloss1
Wed Dec 15 15:59:26 UTC 1993
[1] 13139
[1]  + Done                 send ./szabo
Thu Dec 16 15:59:52 UTC 1993
[1] 15347
[1]  + Done                 send ./druggies
Fri Dec 17 16:00:31 UTC 1993
[1] 17894
[1]  + Done                 send ./homo
Sat Dec 18 16:03:15 UTC 1993
[1] 20016
[1]  + Done                 send ./tcmay
Sun Dec 19 16:03:52 UTC 1993
[1] 21253
