
@_date: 1995-02-02 05:46:08
@_author: beacher 
@_subject: computer underground digest stuff 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
ACM Computers Seized By Illinois Institute of Technology
  "And let it be known throughout the world what was done this day..."
Dateline January 17, 1995
Today sometime before noon today, the Illinois Institute of Technology
seized the computer systems of the Association for Computing Machinery
student chapter at IIT.
700 Student and Faculty users are not happy.
And are now without their Email and other private files. The locations
of the ACM systems is currently unknown, and the security of the
system and the accounts on it is highly questionable, as it was quite
literally riped out of the wall. ( a piece of the modem was found
lying on the table ).
The reasons given by IIT where that members of ACM are suspected of
hacking into the computer of another IIT student group, and pulling
several pranks.  The memo sent to the Dean of Students details the
hacking attempt, but no evidence points to ACM's systems or to any of
their users, but the memo does make several unbacked accusations. And
at this time, we can see no reason ACM would even be tied to the
events. However because ACM members are suspect, the systems where
unlawfully seized by IIT.
IIT has no legal right to seize ACM's systems, nor anyone else, as
they contain private accounts, files, and Email.  Such rights are
protected under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA),
which extended most of the protections of the federal Wiretap Act
("Title III") to electronic mail.  Precidence established in the case
Secret Service vs. Steve Jackson Games decided March 12, 1993
Needless to say, ACM members are not too happy about all of this.  And
the other 700 people don't seem happy either.
            ---------------------------------------------
Dateline January 18, 1995
   o Members realize that along with Troll, which is physicaly
     considered IIT's property even tho it was purchased with student
     funds, property of ACM members was also seized includind a
     network card, SIMM modules, and the modem that was broken by IIT
     during the seizure.
   o ACM recieves writen copy of allegations and supposed proof that
     ACM systems where used in the attempt. However the evidence
     clearly shows that other IIT owned systems where used and NOT
     ACM's systems.
   o Electronic Frontier Foundation is called and informed of the
     situation, and begins investigating the situation.
   o ACM HEARS THAT THE COMPUTER SYSTEM IS IN THE PROCESS OF BEING
     SEARCHED BY IIT STAFF, AND ACM MEMBERS NOW CONSIDER THE SYSTEM
     COMPROMISED. STILL NO EVIDENCE SHOWING ACM INVOLVEMENT.
   o Word continues to spread amung the IIT community, many more
     students and faculty are outraged about the seizure of their
     accounts and files.
   o Continued stress to students due to the lack of access to their
     Email, addressbooks, and other files. Email is now being lost in
     mass due to the
   o ACM systems removal, much of which is considered critical by many
     people.  ACM members miss the Chicago ACM meeting due to the fact
     that all the info concerning time/location was stored on the
     seized systems.
   o ACM members miss the Chicago ACM meeting due to the fact that all
     the info concerning time/location was stored on the seized
     systems.

@_date: 1995-02-06 07:45:16
@_author: beacher 
@_subject: Camden New Jersey 
I thought nothing but armed robberies happened in Camden New Jersey.
Teenage Pirate To Pay $25,000, Loses BBS Equipment
CAMDEN, NEW JERSEY, U.S.A., 1995 FEB 3 (NB) -- A teenage computer operator
charged with illegally distributing hundreds of copyrighted commercial
software programs has reached a settlement with Novell Inc., (NASDAQ: NOVL)
and Microsoft Corp., (NASDAQ: MSFT).
The settlement requires the operator of the now-defunct Deadbeat Bulletin
Board to pay $25,000 to Novell and Microsoft and forfeit the equipment he
used to run the board to the two software makers.
The agreement apparently closes the book on an investigation of the New
Jersey computer BBS (bulletin board service), which authorities said
contained several hundred commercial software products. The equipment was
seized in an August raid of the board.
This was just one of the cases investigated under an aggressive joint
campaign by Novell and Microsoft to locate and prosecute pirate system
operators. The project was mounted last summer and has already resulted in
the closing of two bulletin boards. The two companies said they expect more
seizures in the near future.
Pirate bulletin boards let users download commercial products, paying for
them in money or in barter by uploading programs the BBS doesn't have.
According to Novell the Deadbeat Bulletin Board also contained several beta
files, software which is still in the testing stage. Beta programs are often
incomplete or contain problems, and are distributed to a limited number of
users so those problems can be worked out before the final product comes to
Novell and Microsoft investigators said they first got wind of the illegal
software in late July, and eventually discovered more than 60 Novell and
Microsoft products on the board. A court ordered seizure of the equipment and
the raid was carried out in August. The court records have been sealed until
The agreement also prohibits Microsoft and Novell from any further action
against the 17-year old boy and from releasing his name.
(Jim Mallory/19950203/Press contact: Jessica Jersey, Novell, 408-577-8739;
Public contact: 800-785-3448 or 800-747-2837 to report suspected software

@_date: 1995-01-11 06:33:03
@_author: beacher 
@_subject: privacy digest 
I am extremely sympathetic to the anti-abortion cause but the kind of abuse
described in this item is unnerving.  Although illegal and reprehensible, it is
one thing for a government official, because of some strong conviction, to
violate the law.  It is completely another to violate it for money.  Men, if
they were men, who did this should have their privacies cut off.
Computer Privacy Digest Sat, 07 Jan 95              Volume 6 : Issue: 003

@_date: 1995-01-13 06:12:50
@_author: beacher 
@_subject: telecommunications reform again 
Telecom Legislative Effort Opens
WASHINGTON, D.C., U.S.A., 1995 JAN 12 (NB) -- The Herculean task rewriting
the nation's telecommunications law, an effort that failed in the 103rd
Congress, has begun in Washington.
The Senate Commerce Committee opened the action this week with a hearing on
general concepts of communications reform. The last time Congress
successfully addressed the communications needs of the nation was 50 years
ago, with the 1934 Communications Act.
The new Republican Congress is expected to support deregulation and
competition in the provision of telecommunications services. But so do most
Democrats, and the devil will be in the legislative details, as the various
forces in the marketplace seek to use legislative language to secure
competitive advantages.
Sen. Larry Pressler (R-SD), chairman of the committee, predicted that his
panel will report a bill by July 4. Rep. Jack Fields (R-Texas), who heads the
House telecommunications subcommittee, said his group will approve a bill by
But neither legislator has yet to introduce a bill, so experts are unable to
predict where the inevitable fights will occur and on whose turf.
"Let's pick a starting date -- January 1, 1996 or 1997 -- and say,
'Gentleman, start your engines. We're going to have a race and let the best
man win,'" said Sen. Bob Packwood (R-Ore.) at the hearing.
As the opening bell was ringing in the Senate, Vice President Al Gore was
trying to gin up support for the administration's views on telecommunications
at a meeting of state regulators and local government officials.
"Competition in the information marketplace will provide Americans with lower
prices for their telephones, cable and information goods and services and
give them more and better choices," Gore said. The White House estimates that
competition in telecommunications will also create 1.4 million new jobs over
the next 10 years.
The contending forces were also getting organized. The seven regional Bell
operating companies announced that Gary McBee, former chairman of the United
States Telephone Association, will head their lobbying efforts in the new
Congress. The Baby Bells support opening all markets to immediate
"It's time to open all markets to all competitors, under the same conditions
and at the same time," McBee said. "That will mean lower prices, more choices
and better service for everyone." McBee's coalition will be called the
Alliance for Competitive Communications.
(Kennedy Maize/19950111/Press Contact: Bill McCloskey, ACA, 202-463-4129)

@_date: 1995-01-27 06:36:02
@_author: beacher 
@_subject: hacker search 
US Marshals On Trail Of Hacker
WASHINGTON, D.C., U.S.A., 1995 JAN 26 (NB) -- The US Marshals Service is on
the trail of a computer hacker who disappeared after being convicted of one
electronic crime and charged with another.
Authorities say they are trying to locate Kevin David Mitnick, 31, originally
from Sepulveda, California.
Deputy US Marshal Kathleen Cunningham told Newsbytes the Marshals Service has
had a probation violation warrant for Mitnick since November 1992, and almost
caught up with him in Seattle last October.
Cunningham said Mitnick is a ham radio enthusiast and is believed to use a
scanner to keep track of police in the area where he is hiding. "(Local
police) didn't use radio security so as soon as his address was mentioned he
was out of there. He just left everything."
Cunningham said authorities were able to get quite a bit of information about
Mitnick from the things he abandoned when he fled the Seattle location.
Mitnick is considered an expert at gaining control of computers to monitor or
use communications systems and knows how to manufacture false identities
using computers.
While still a teenager Mitnick was charged with "cracking" the North American
Air Defense Command computer and of using a modem to control telephone
switching centers in New York and California. A story last summer in The New
York Times reported Mitnick listened in on phone calls and reprogrammed the
home telephone of one individual so that each time the phone was picked up a
recording asked the phone user to deposit 25 cents.
Mitnick was charged with electronically stealing $1 million in secure
software from Digital Equipment Corp. causing the company to spend $160,000
to close up the gaps in its computer security. Upon conviction in that case
Mitnick was placed on supervisory probation in 1992. He disappeared later
that year after he was charged with illegally cracking into Pacific Bell's
computers. He is also reportedly a suspect in an incident in which someone
illegally accessed the computer at Britain's Loughborough University.
An information sheet about Mitnick says that, although he is not considered a
dangerous criminal, his activities are costing millions of dollars in the
public and private sectors. "Sensitive information illegally accessed by
Mitnick would cause continued financial hardship to these various
corporations if the information is ever disseminated to others."
The document warns authorities who might come in contact with Mitnick to be
very cautious and letting him get his hands on any personal information about
officers. "He possesses an amazing ability to disrupt one's personal life
through his computer knowledge, i.e., TRW's (credit ratings), phone service,
etc." warns the US Marshal's Service.
When contacted by Newsbytes, spokesperson Dave Fletcher at the Federal Bureau
of Investigation Press Office in Washington DC said the FBI does not hold a
warrant for Mitnick's arrest.
The fugitive warrant held by the US Marshal's Service describes Mitnick as
being a Caucasian, 5 feet 11 inches tall with a fair complexion, blue eyes,
brown hair, and wearing glasses.
(Jim Mallory/19950126/Press contact: US Marshal's Service, 202-307-9000)
