
@_date: 1994-12-21 23:47:49
@_author: an169306@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Making sure a program gets to the receiver intact 
How can I insure a program, once put on FTP sites stays untampered with?
I have done the following, but I still find holes:
1:  PGP signed each file with a seperate .sig file.
2:  Made a MD5 list, using 2-3 seperate programs (making sure they agree),
    PGP signing the list, and asking friends to sign the list, leaving
    seperate .sigs in the directory.
3:  Encrypting a copy of the MD5 list with a passphrase (if all keys are
    fragged, then in front of trusted witnesses, I can decrypt the key,     show them that the MD5 list is authentic.)
4:  PKZIPPING it using my AV key.  (Yes, I am aware that this is a joke,
    but since I am a registered user, why not use it?)  (Side note, if
    one uses PKZIP, please register it.  I have seen so many unregistered
    copies of this, that it makes my eyes water.)
The holes:
1:  Someone hacking the keyservers, substituting a key for all the people
    who signed, and modifing the archive to show that.
2:  Someone breaking into my apt, sticking a keyboard monitor on, getting
    my passphrase and key.
Most of this is theoritical, as it is hard to hack _all_ keyservers to
nuke my PGP key, then hack AOL, compuserve, and other FTP sites to
modify the binary, but I would like to make _sure_ this program gets
into user's hands without getting modified.  (Not for paranoia reasons,
but just to see how well one can make a package resistant to tampering.)
Pardon the anonymous ID, as my reputation with my REAL user id is not
so great.  (No, I am not Lance, but not that better off due to tons
of dumb mistakes with my regular ID on this list.)

@_date: 1994-12-25 03:22:09
@_author: an169306@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: A Secure Christmas 
Here is to everyone having a cryptographically secure Christmas!
BTW:  PGP 2.6.2 now gives 2047 bit keys, a nice present from Derek and the
      other underpaid, overworked PGP coders.

@_date: 1994-12-26 13:34:07
@_author: an169306@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Moving from 1024-bit -> 2048-bit key. 
I am wondering if going to 2048 bits is worth it or not.  After a certain
point, it doesn't matter whether it takes 200 quadrillion years or 200
decillion years to factor a key, it will be a long time before its
factored ;-).
Perhaps keep your 1024 bit key, unless you want to expire it and generate
a new one.  (I did that, expired two keys, replaced them with a 2048
bit key, but realize that a 2048 bit key takes somewhat more time and
processing power to do the usual PGP hijinks with.  I probably would
be better off just using a 1500 bit key, but too late now...)
Just remember (so your web of trust stays intact) to sign your new key
and use your new key to sign your old one before revoking the old key.
This confirms that it IS a new key, rather than someone trying to
spoof you.  Also, keep a backup of your public and secret keyrings
before revoking the old key.  This is just common sense.  Make sure
your backup is secure, though.  (I PKZIP my PGP stuff, encrypt it several
times with convential key encryption, wnstorm it, THEN lastly use
Norton Diskreet with a password that is different from all the rest.
If Diskreet is not secure, PGP and wnstorm are, so I don't really care
if Diskreet has holes in it or not.  Its just there to 'spice things up'
for anyone trying to crack the backup, which is stored in a place any party I authorize or I can easily get at it.  If anyone sees something weak about this, E-mail me... ;-)
The main thing is not to go keysize crazy which I did, as you do
pay a performance penalty for those huge keys, and make sure that
your other avenues of attack are defended against.  (As soon as
I can, I am buying a portable 486 or Pentium, since my main weakness
is a 'black bag' attack using a good keystroke monitor or a hardware
bug, then a simple copy of the secring file when I mount my SecureDrive
partion and the Stacker partition inside of that to access my PGP
