
@_date: 1994-12-01 11:31:06
@_author: N. Cognito 
@_subject: WHAT THE.. (was: Manditory key sig.. 
Such is certainly not the case for everyone.  I don't see that I
lose any anonymity by signing MY messages.  I regard it for the
most part as a necessary evil inherent in maintaining a stable,
reputable pseudonymous persona.  I sign everything I mail or post
so that eventually individuals who've become familiar with this
identity will suspect a spoof if they see something to which my
nym is attached but not my digital signature.
To be frank, it's something of a chore for me to sign everything.
I do it because there's a good reason for me to do so.
N. Cognito
 N. Cognito                  "Don't put no constrictions on da people.
 an234 at vox.xs4all.nl          Leave 'em ta hell alone."  -- J. Durante
public key available via keyserver

@_date: 1994-11-18 15:22:40
@_author: an234@vox.xs4all.nl 
@_subject: mail-to-usenet 
Many remailers offer a mail-to-usenet feature.  From Raph Levien's
most recent list of reliable remailers:
In addition, here are the names and syntax requirements of the
mail-to-usenet gateways that I know of.  Most of these I got by
fingering remailer-list at chaos.bsu.edu a few months ago.  I make
no claims that this list is either current or complete.  Additions
and corrections are welcome.
group.name at demon.co.uk
group.name at news.demon.co.uk
group.name at bull.com
group.name at cass.ma02.bull.com
group.name at undergrad.math.uwaterloo.ca
group.name at charm.magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu
group.name at comlab.ox.ac.uk
group.name at nic.funet.fi
group.name at cs.dal.ca
group.name at ug.cs.dal.ca
group.name at paris.ics.uci.edu (removes headers)
group.name.usenet at decwrl.dec.com (preserves all headers)
group.name at cs.texas.edu
group.name at myriad.pc.cc.cmu.edu
Note:  mail-to-usenet gateways do not anonymize messages before
posting.  If you want to post anonymously use a remailer to send
mail to the gateway.
As far as your "message acceptance based on SUBJECT: line,"
I have never heard of any restrictions.
Trying to be helpful,
N. Cognito

@_date: 1994-11-19 13:56:26
@_author: an234@vox.xs4all.nl 
@_subject: Critias Unmasked 
Which is why, in spite of the same sort of hassle that Tim mentioned,
I make it a point to sign everything I post to the list.  I regard
the minor annoyance to be a necessary part of legitimizing this new
nym -- for what it provides and especially for what it prevents.
N. Cognito
 N. Cognito                  "Don't put no constrictions on da people.
 an234 at vox.xs4all.nl          Leave 'em ta hell alone."  -- J. Durante
public key available via keyserver

@_date: 1994-11-21 21:23:13
@_author: an234@vox.xs4all.nl 
@_subject: more on twwells 
The discussion we've seen here re the reputation of the anon
server at twwells.com has found its way to the a.s.a.r.
newsgroup.  Most, if not all, of the thread has been posted
there via the khijol anon-server, including Tim's repost of
Mr. Wells' remarks to the list.
These posts to a.s.a.r. evidently prompted this from Mr. Wells:
And the posts have apparently caused one user of Wells' service to
become a former-user:
N. Cognito
 N. Cognito                  "Don't put no constrictions on da people.
 an234 at vox.xs4all.nl          Leave 'em ta hell alone."  -- J. Durante
public key available via keyserver

@_date: 1994-11-22 14:18:34
@_author: N. Cognito 
@_subject: White Knight Remailers [was: Guerrilla Remailers] 
I have been thinking along these lines lately, too.  The situation
with the reputation of the twwells.com anon-server and its continued
use in spite of those questions by under-informed individuals in the
alt.sexual.abuse.recovery newsgroup have motivated me to do a couple
of trial postings there.  So far I have posted the "remailer.help.all"
file from chaos.bsu.edu as a "how-to" and the most recent update
posted here of Raph's Reliable Remailers List as a "where-to."
Neither has generated any visible response in the newsgroup as of yet.
My thinking is that it would be a Good Thing to post this kind of
information on a regular basis (weekly?) to some of the "support" and
"recovery" newsgroups.  Unless I begin drawing a lot of flames for
inappropriateness, this is what I plan to do in the immediate future.
Introducing the people using those groups to remailers, encryption,
etc. would not only be helpful to them, but would also be helpful to
the publicly perceived reputation of remailers, etc. in just the
manner to which Adam alludes.
N. Cognito
 N. Cognito                  "Don't put no constrictions on da people.
 an234 at vox.xs4all.nl          Leave 'em ta hell alone."  -- J. Durante
public key available via keyserver
