
@_date: 1993-08-20 06:36:33
@_author: an31122@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Genetic Algorithms and password cracking 
by progressively narrowing the search space until they arrive at the
solution.  More clearly, each generation uses information gleaned from previous generations to guide the current search.  The operation depends
on being able to take two sets of input parameters and decide which
operates better than the other.  I'm not a cryptographer, so I don't
know whether there is a way to find out if an answer is "close" to the
actual.  If not, GAs will probably be of little use.

@_date: 1993-11-17 07:41:10
@_author: an31122@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Identities vs. Accounts 
Fellow cpunks,
a real person OWNS an account, not who's USING it.  We can only track
a message as far as the computer or account from which it was sent.
There is simply no way to verify that the person who sent the message
is actually the owner of the account.  I've seen otherwise intelligent
and responsible people tape their passwords right onto the front of
their terminals.  We can concievably prevent the creation of
fraudulent accounts, but not the improper usage of valid ones!
Hughes, and Nick Szabo are real people who have never HEARD of the
cypherpunks, and don't know that their accounts are being used to post
here.  Detweiler might be plotting to kill the wrong person entirely.
The Tentacles laugh heartily at that when it made the news.  It could
be Henry Kissenger and the Queen of England who are behind the whole
thing (as Mr. Larouche has suggested).  Why assume that ANYONE is
telling the truth?  Perhaps Detweiler itself is a creation of the
CONSPIRACY intended to throw us off the trail.
from my account.  She simply dosen't use the computer enough to
warrant creating a new account.  As far as I know, she sends only to
her friends and parents.  She may, however, be posting in my name to
alt.sex.bestiality.  I've no way to know, and there is no possible way
for the people of that group to know because my account is valid and I
use it.  If they try to backtrack and arrest me because messages
apparently from me have advoated killing anyone who posts to the list,
I can convincingly deny any knowledge of it.
and somebody breaks in and steals it?  If, by chance, the person who
ends up with it knows anything about PGP, then my key is compromised.
If I'm on vacation when it happens then it may go undetected for
weeks.  Let's say that I send all of my mail from my Apple Newton, but
one day on the subway someone hits me on the head and takes it.  They
can then use the thing to send mail for probably two days before I can
get all of my accounts cancelled.  What if I don't use the thing much
and don't even realize that it's been stolen for two weeks?
THE POINT:

@_date: 1993-10-28 03:18:07
@_author: an31122@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Words, words, words 
Fellow cpunks, war.  I genuinely do not care what happens to Mr. BatGuano ("if that
IS your name"), so a clever insult once in a while is fun to read.  If
Detweiler really IS Boxx, so what?  If he says that you're a moron, so
what?  If someone creates a second name to use when they're mad and
want to flame, that's their business.  What's important is the ideas
in someones head, not the name they use.  While I'm interested in
dining cryptographers, I also find it enlightening to listen to Tim
May or Duncan Frissell talk politics.  I don't see any reason to limit
this list to discussions of random number generators.  It would be a
terrible waste to ignore the collected wisdom and experience of the
group because it was marginally off topic.  If people would have
simply ignored Detweiler rather than answering his tomes, he would
have gone away sooner.
interesting or not.  If not, DON'T READ IT.  Forget it, trash it,
delete it.  Most importantly, don't get upset about it.  It's just
words; they can't hurt you.  I give Detweiler a paragraph or two.  We
all know who is worth listening to and who isn't.  Once you've figured
out what Detweiler, rjc, or Boxx have to say, don't bother reading
them anymore.  That's all there is to it.
from real.talk.  There are real people on the other end of the line,
regardless of the names that they use.  Some are worth listening to,
some are not.  It's not hard to tell them apart, and not hard to
ignore the wierdos.  Talk of censoring people, charging for posts, or
sharply defining the scope of the group all seem to make things worse
rather than better.  It's silly to talk of the way that things "should
be".  It's far more productive (and easier!) to figure out how to get
what you want from the way that they already are.
