
@_date: 1993-08-26 12:53:01
@_author: an31144@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Further PGP Security Doubts 
I would be pleased to see some truly exhaustive efforts made to test
PGP's actual security.
I have been seeing yet more criticisms of PGP, this time from some
character calling himself "Raymond Paquin."  He claims to be a
professor of mathematics who has been working at an unnamed university
exclusively on cryptographics for the past twelve years.  He implies
that he is working for some government in a classified capacity and is
thus unable to either publish or discuss the matter openly.
He claims that PGP is fatally flawed, though the flaw is in niether
RSA or IDEA, but rather somewhere within the PGP part of the program.
Copping the "I can say no more!  I have said too much already!"
melodrama, no more detailed information is forthcoming.
Now, this tease seems to reek of a hoax, but Zimmermann himself claimed
no high degree of security for the program.  To my knowledge, no serious
or well-funded unclassified attempts have been made to crack PGP.  I
fear that we are putting our faith in snake oil, as Zimmermann puts it.
I am not a mathematician, but merely a former spear-carrier in the Cold
War with some fairly well-developed residual instincts about this sort
of thing, including a conviction that all security measures - physical,
electronic or cryptographic - can be compromised by a determined
opponent with extensive resources.  Once compromised, attacks thereafter
may often be trivially accomplished.

@_date: 1993-08-27 14:15:59
@_author: an31144@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Plausible Spookiness 
I got a sad little chuckle out of that one.  Leaving aside the
paradoxical "trained by instinct" line, I can assure you that your claim
here is simply naive.  Perhaps you watch too much TV.
For every Ivy League CIA careerist station chief with a vested interest
and thorough indoctrination, there are several thousand nobodies who
more or less blundered into the racket in minor capacities.  These are
underpaid, ignored, fucked-with, jacked around, abused, denied,
manipulated, lied to, insulted, cut loose, yanked back and otherwise
generally driven nuts until they quit, at which time they discover they
are too burned out to do anything in the real world - say, hold down
some shitty job ("There seems to be a rather large hole in your resume,
Mr. Smith...") or maintain personal relationships.
What these people will or won't do is beyond reliable conjecture.
Did you guess I speak from personal experience and observation?
What Paquin is or isn't, I can't say.  I haven't believed or trusted
anyone since late 1970 or so anyway, but I would not be surprised if
Paquin actually was doing pretty much what he said, namely working at
some university doing crypto math on some government grant with big
strings.  This is completely plausible.
If you mean that they are NSA-proof, or that only brute force attacks
would affect decryption, I would suggest that we know no such thing, and
it is extremely unlikely that we ever will.  The NSA has _astounding_
resources, unequalled by anything in the private sector, dedicated to no
other purpose than compromising world-class cyphers.  Their successes
are not public knowledge, to say the least.  No one here should blithely
dismiss claims of PGP weaknesses when the opposition has literally
billions of dollars earmarked to find such flaws.
It bears noting that the concealment of major successes in decryption
are every bit as important as the decryption itself, a fact often
I would like to see "Paquin's" case against PGP as well as a competent
analysis of his claims.  Unfortunately, I cannot produce either.
 > A subtle flaw would have to be somewhere like: prime number
 > generation, random RSA key generation, or random session key
 > generation. If the primes weren't actually prime, that would make the
 > RSA keys breakable. But you could take the primes (pgp -kg -l and you
 > will see them in hex) and feed them into a primality tester to verify
 > that.
I have seen numerous conjectures about PGP primes, but am not competent
to judge them.
 > The most likely place for a bug would be in the randomness.
This has been another subject of discussion, though I know of no firm
conclusions being reached.

@_date: 1993-08-28 12:13:09
@_author: an31144@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Only Pretty Good 
>> Derek Atkins Said:
 > Secondly, regarding "whom do you trust": Do you trust Phil Z?  As far
 > as I know (and granted, its not much, yet), Phil Z is going to oversee
 > the commercial product, to make sure that nothing is put into it.
 >>>> If Phil says that the commercial PGP is OK, I will believe him.
 >>>> Dan Odom
It's worth re-reading the PGP docs again to re-establish the fact that
_Phil_ only rated PGP as Pretty Good Privacy.
I trust that appraisal and believe it to be accurate.  I do not expect
that the commercial product will be appreciably better or worse.
