
@_date: 1993-10-13 13:51:45
@_author: Shimrod 
@_subject: FLAME: breaking DES 
I have been following this argument, and I cannot let this post slide
without comment.
As near as I can tell, Karl pointed out an attack which shows that
double encrypting really doesn't buy you much security over single
encrypting.  Perry has chosen to ridicule this for impracticality.
(Incidentally, I notice a slight error in a followup post by Karl,
undoubtedly a typo on his part.  The number of chosen plaintexts
needed by differential cryptanalysis is 2^47 and not 10^47.  While
still a large number at more than 100 trillion, it is at least much
smaller than 10^47!)
This fact seems to have eluded Perry, despite his apparent expertise.
There are other meet-in-the-middle attacks, such as the one Chaum and
Evertse use against a DES variant (fewer number of rounds), described
in "Cryptanalysis of the DES with a reduced number of rounds" at
CRYPTO '85.
The meet-in-the-middle attack Karl posted is by Merkle and Hellman,
from the 1981 paper "On the Security of Multiple Encryption",
Communications of the ACM.  Strange, but I don't recall Perry asking
if Merkle and Hellman were worried that others might think they
beleived this.
Incidentally, the complexity of factoring a 2000 bit number is on the
order of 2.4 X 10^43 steps.
Well, if Perry were to have the BALLS to make impracticality arguments
against the experts who actually created the protocols and methods,
instead of taking cowardly pot-shots, maybe we wouldn't think he's
full of shit.  The attack is impractical, and if Perry weren't so
strung out he could have written a coherent post stating despite the
cleverness of the attack, it is out-of-reach with today's technology,
with some calculations showing this.
In the 1980 paper by Helleman "A Cryptanalytic Time-Space Tradeoff",
Helleman suggests it is possible to pre-compute and store 2^56
results, and use this information to lookup keys.  Cost: estimated at
$5 million.  (Although this is for singly encrypted text).
Funny, but I don't recall any dissenting papers by Perry on this
subject.  He didn't ask if Helleman really wanted people to think he
beleived this.
First off, Perry Metzger had treated this list to such CYPHERPUNK (?) gems as:
1) his dripping sarcasm
2) posts about theories on government, anarchy, and nazis
3) riduling posts obviously mistakenly sent (one such post with
   several ^H in it)
4) mailing list vs. newsgroup and how he can handle 300 mails a day
   and get work done
5) posts on the wide variety of services banks offer in New York
6) posts on the former libertarian orientation of Rep. Dana Rohrbacher
7) other pointless garbage
If Perry wanted to raise the thought level of other posters, he would
quit posting such bilge.  Ah, but then, he wouldn't be posting at all!
If he would take his BULLSHIT to private email, this list would
improve vastly.  If I missed the cypherpunk content in the above
examples, point it out.
He has a rather inflated ego and is quick to insult others:
So if Perry feels that "you can lead a horse to water but can't make
him think" he could perhaps pull his head out of his ass, wipe the
shit from his eyes and ears, buy a fucking clue at the nearest store,
and shut up.

@_date: 1993-10-19 00:52:24
@_author: the Surgeon 
@_subject: Crypto Anarchy ... 
^^^
What a useful post.  But look again - can you spot the grammar error?
It is underlined.
Perry must mean "it's" as in "it is"; not "its" as in "possessive".
Naturally, using bandwidth to point out spelling error and grammar
mistakes is POINTLESS, and WASTEFUL.  Perhaps a future requirement to
read this list will be: read and understand Emily Post-News
The height of irony is a non-anonymous post (with a grammar error)
with a humorous attempt to criticize an anonymous post (with a
spelling error).
I'll comment on Steve Bellovin's post: excellent overall and thought
provoking.  However, he is putting the cart before the horse and
worrying to much about future acceptance.  Technology is neither good
nor evil; progress in crypto-anarchy will grind to halt if the people
involved become overly concerned with future acceptance.
Would we have the phone system of today if AT&T would have waited for
Western Union's blessing?  We'd probably have some warped telegraph
system instead.

@_date: 1993-10-20 07:22:33
@_author: the Surgeon 
@_subject: crypto anarchy 
If we need this stuff out VERY soon, then there is a serious problem:
Time-Warner, AT&T, etc. can afford to spend major $$$ on implementing
technology, including having employees work on these projects full
time, while the cypherpunks work that goes on is largely on a part
time basis by otherwise employed professionals, or students.
Not to insult anybody; each contribution in anonymous mail, digital
cash, dc-nets, crypto software, etc. is GREATLY appreciated.  However, the progress that has been made still has a fun oriented
research and development slant.  But all the same, if what you are saying is that these
volunteer/hacker types have to battle for the future of the net,
there's no way.  I mean, look at all the stuff Phil Zimmerman went
through to put out one crypto program.  Can you expect anybody else to
do the same?
Many volunteers have spent countless man-hours working on PGP, and by
no stretch of anybody's imagination is it "plug-n-play" ready.  I
can't tell you how many announcements of upcoming Windows PGP
front-ends I've seen.  I'm sure many hobbyists are working on it as
much as they can, and I'm glad, but these people can't be expected to
compete with real software development efforts.
A software company that wants to make "plug-and-play" easy to use
crypto software which meets  and  - including integration into
popular mail software - will bury PGP or RIPEM by sheer numbers.  Most
people fall into the "clueless and/or lazy" category.
The Wired article may have called cypherpunks "millionaire hackers",
but I don't think the majority of this list can afford to work on
cypherpunks stuff full time like it probably needs to be worked on.
