
@_date: 1993-12-04 00:29:18
@_author: an53004@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: Applied Crypto can be a menace to you anonymity? 
Actually, they installed a viral implant in Paul Zimmerman's brain. He doesn't think that he's working for them, but he is. Ha, he thinks that he's a free man, but really he has these lapses and sabotages his own code and reputation.

@_date: 1993-12-07 21:30:32
@_author: an53004@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: your brain will be bugged by the NSA (was Re: televisions 2 way? ) 
Of course, this is the old technology. Much more sophisticated
monitoring technologies are currently being used.
All people born after 1983 have special implants which transmit all their thoughts to NSA headquarters for recording and analysis. This is also a big plus for law enforcement, which has been known to resort to throwing people who don't have suitable modern conveniences in jail. W.O. Studeman was apparently overheard at a party (while more than
slightly drunk) saying "this new approach will eventually save the U.S.
taxpayer billions of dollars a year as there are fewer people in the
world than potential bugging devices". The government is now actively
kidnapping people born before 1983 for short periods of time, and
implanting these thought transmission devices (stories of abductions by
UFOs are invariably due to imperfectly wiped memories of the ordeal).
The next model will be a thought transmission and control device. There are apparently still some technical problems with the prototypes, the end result for the experimental subjects who have been implanted with the prototype is usually insanity. The next step after this is rumoured to be the complete removal of the old-style organic brains and replacement with new ultra-sophisticated superconducting computers capable of computing hundreds of thousands of digits of pi in a fraction of a second. This will also solve the problems with maths education in the U.S.

@_date: 1994-01-20 03:54:14
@_author: an53004@anon.penet.fi 
@_subject: verilog decryptor 
A few months ago someone posted a verilog decryptor perl script to
Does anyone have a copy? If so, would you send it to me.
Thanks in advance
