
@_date: 1993-12-01 03:22:19
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Signing Keys for Nyms and Digibank Users 
Suppose one were an anon at penet.fi subscriber, and that one were strict in
digitally signing all messages, and that one's public key were available
from the PGP public key servers, and that one conducted affairs in this
way for a lengthy period.  Would the confluence of the Email identification
in the digitally signed message with the identity on the PGP public key
along with the presumption of good identity management on the Finnish
remailer be of sufficient weight to convince you to sign one's PGP
public key?  Would existing signatures on a PGP public key influence
your decision?
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1993-02-22 10:18:03
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Bug in the anon.penet.fi remailer 
I believe I have uncovered a serious bug in the Finnish anonymous
remailer, one that allows me to piece together anonymous id's and
actual email addresses.
I'm reluctant to publish the details here, but I'll explain how it
works if you send me your email address.

@_date: 1993-02-22 20:56:30
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Beware of anon.penet.fi message! 
Xavier hit the nail on the head -- my note was a subterfuge, intended
to reveal the association between anonymous id's and email addresses.
I think it's wrong for anon.penet.fi to operate this way.

@_date: 1993-02-22 22:33:29
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Remailer Use 
In the case of pseudonymous mail, don't believe _anything_ you read!
I don't see why Chael Hall is going to all this trouble to refute
a message that I don't even remember ...  Did I miss something
important?  (Or outre?)
Or (duh!) is he talking about _my_ earlier message?

@_date: 1993-02-22 22:33:49
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Beware of anon.penet.fi message! 
This is a longer response to the warning posted by Xavier.
You got me.  I meant only slight malice here:  I had intended to "expose" a few
email/anon associations to highlight the problem.  The problem became
apparent to me when I sent pseudonymous mail to a prominent person on
this list; his reply exposed his pseudonymous id at anon.penet.fi,
surely without his knowledge.
Now that would be a _very_ serious "bug" in the anon.penet.fi remailer
(or, more accurately, in its administration); I am confident Johan
Helsingius will reject this suggestion.
I think that merely masks the real problem.
I missed that discussion, or I wouldn't have wasted your (our) time.
Any ideas?  For starters, I think the default behavior of anon.penet.fi
is badly broken.  But a more serious problem with anon.penet.fi and the
other remailers I am aware of is the necessity that we pseudonymous
clients have to rely on the integrity of their administrators to keep
our pseudonyms private.  In the face of social pressure, such as
Xavier's, that may be asking a lot.

@_date: 1993-02-22 22:53:28
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Beware of anon.penet.fi message! 
Xavier hit the nail on the head -- my note was a subterfuge, intended
to reveal the association between anonymous id's and email addresses.
I think it's wrong for anon.penet.fi to operate this way.

@_date: 1993-02-22 22:56:28
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Remailer to anon.penet.f 
I think this is exactly the wrong thing to do.  Cypherpunks remailers are
essential for preventing accidental exposure of Finnish pseudonyms.

@_date: 1993-02-22 23:12:55
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Beware of anon.penet.fi message! 
Well, I don't agree that doubleblind is a great idea.
For example, if at any time, Alice sends pseudonymously to Bob, Bob can
not reply directly: this would expose his identity at anon.penet.fi.
Bob must reply through a remailer.
Note the irony -- Bob must take special steps to protect his pseudonym
because anon.penet.fi is acting affirmatively to conceal his actual
identity.  If Bob slips up and simply replies, he is exposed.
Actually, I don't know why my message went through a Cypherpunks
remailer -- I didn't ask it to.  I don't know of any weaknesses in
the Cypherpunks remailers (other than extreme vulnerability to social
I think it's imperative that the sender use X-Anon-To to be
pseudonymous.  This is consistent with the principle of least
A Cypherpunks remailer can be used to conceal the correspondent's
pseudonymous identity.
It would be a real boon to make pseudonyms less prominent -- this
seems to have kicked over a hornet's nest on USENET (even though
pseudonyms have been quietly in use for years).  But were this the
case, scrutiny would be an understatement.
I agree that more discussion is in order.  I'm especially concerned about the broader issues regarding anonymity through remailers.

@_date: 1993-02-23 07:31:29
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: No subject 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Can you elaborate on those other services?  The Finnish remailer is the
only one I'm aware of.
Also, I'm confused about these "not very computer-and-email-literate"
users -- aren't they forced to use an X-Anon-Password header?
I'm surprised there hasn't been more ruckus about the default
behavior.  There must be many folks whose identities have been
inadvertantly exposed.
I don't think this will help.  With my mail environment, I have to go
to lengths to send an anonymous message, concocting X-Anon-To and
X-Anon-Password headers.  It's worth the effort, since this helps to
preserve the secrecy of my pseudonymous identity.
But the first time I mess up, and send an unfettered message to an
anon.penet.fi client, I am unmasked.
What I'm saying is that I'm hip to headers; it's the simple stuff that
trips me up.
And I still don't understand how the unfettered message gets past the
X-Anon-Password filter.
I think the risk of accidental exposure is heightened by the default
behavior of the Finnish remailer.  Maybe we're using the same words to
describe different things.
Some of us gave up on USENET policy long, long ago.  Personally, I stick
to the alt.* groups.
In time, I hope such warnings will be unnecessary, as people grow
accustomed to the use of pseudonyms.

@_date: 1993-02-23 08:19:50
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Beware of anon.penet.fi message! 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
If it's not the default behavior, then it will be a recurring problem.
Why?  It seems to me the X-Anon-Password header was a pretty major
change, yet you made that change to preserve people's pseudonymous
identities.  The instant challenge is just as grave, don't you think?
Great stuff.  Thanks.

@_date: 1993-02-23 08:32:23
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi hacking 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I don't know why this is happening -- my messages are being sent with
    To: anon at anon.penet.fi
    X-Anon-To: cypherpunks at toad.com
Yet two copies are arriving, one from "an5877 at anon.penet.fi (deadbeat)"
and another from "nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu (Anonymous)."  Personally, I
think the latter remailer is broken.

@_date: 1993-02-23 09:56:24
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: posting and posting and posting. 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I don't think I'm to blame for this.  I think the problem is with the
"nowhere at bsu-cs.bsu.edu" remailer.

@_date: 1993-02-23 10:20:48
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: No subject 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I'll restrict my comments to anonymous email, but the application to
anonymous USENET posting is analogous.
I'll ignore messages of the sort
since it's clear that Alice's identity should be concealed in this
case.  The problem we're dealing with is the message of the sort
Should the remailer expose Alice's identity in the message that it
forwards to Bob?  If it does so blindly, Alice's anonymous identity is
subject to accidental exposure.  If it does not conceal Alice's
identity, then certain expectations of anonymity might not be realized
(according to Johan).
Here's a way out that will satisfy me and Johan: assign Alice a new
pseudonym here and now, one that will be good for replies only.  If
Alice has registered with the remailer in the past, i.e., if she has a
password, then she knows how to X-Anon-To:, but has opted not to.  If
she has not registered, then it is also appropriate to assign her a new
ID.  However, should she later register, I suggest she be given a new,
permanent, password-protected ID, just in case her earlier reply
inadvertently exposed her real ID (in the way we have been discussing).
In essence, I'm suggesting that the Finnish remailer have two classes
of anonymous IDs, one that is password protected, and one that is not.
The former should never be used without the X-Anon-Password header.
P.S.: Another suggestion I would make is that the remailer _not_ strip

@_date: 1993-02-25 00:35:58
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Anonymity vs accountability - a balanced view (maybe?) 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Matthew argues for balance in the USENET battle over pseudo/anonimity.
Matthew is preaching to the choir.
Folks who have watched USENET for any appreciable length of time know
that reason is not highly prized there.  Volume is.
The self-apponted gods of the net can't stop us, they can only bitch
about us.  Let them.
This is no different than any other USENET issue.  The only way to win
is not to play.

@_date: 1993-03-16 09:11:23
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: news.admin.policy: A Report From the Front 
The good guys are beginning to prevail in the news.admin.policy battle
over pseudonymous postings, aided in no small part by the opposition, one
of whom began unilaterally cancelling articles by nyms.  This tactical
blunder produced a firestorm of protest and brought in fresh voices eager
to speak out on the side of privacy and freedom of expression.  We need to
continue to weigh in on the side of pseudonymous postings.  Perhaps the
most constructive approach is to do so pseudonymously!

@_date: 1993-11-01 19:24:50
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Online Cash Checks 
Online Cash Checks
David Chaum
Centre for Mathematics and Computer Science
Kruislaan 413 1098SJ Amsterdam
Savings of roughly an order of magnitude in space, storage, and bandwidth
over previously published online electronic cash protocols are achieved by
the techniques introduced here. In addition, these techniques can increase
convenience, make more efficient use of funds, and improve privacy.
"Offline" electronic money [CFN 88] is suitable for low value
transactions where "accountability after the fact" is sufficient to deter
abuse; online payment [C 89], however, remains necessary for transactions
that require "prior restraint" against persons spending beyond their
available funds.
Three online schemes are presented here. Each relies on the same
techniques for encoding denominations in signatures and for "devaluing"
signatures to the exact amount chosen at the time of payment. They differ
in how the unspent value is returned to the payer. In the first, all change is
accumulated by the payer in a single "cookie jar," which might be
deposited at the bank during the next withdrawal transaction. The second
and third schemes allow change to be distributed among unspent notes,
which can themselves later be spent. The second scheme reveals to the
shop and bank the maximum amount for which a note can be spent; the
third does not disclose this information.
DENOMINATIONS AND DEVALUING
For simplicity and concreteness, but without loss of generality, a
particular denomination scheme will be used here. It assigns the value of 1
cent to public exponent 3 in an RSA system, the value of 2 cents to
exponent 5, 4 cents to exponent 7, and so on; each successive power-of-two
value is represented by the corresponding odd prime public exponent, all
with the same modulus. Much as in [C 89], a third root of an image under
the one-way function f (together with the pre-image modulo the bank's
RSA composite) is worth 1 cent, a 7th root is worth 4 cents, and a 21st root
5 cents. In other words, a distinct public prime exponent is associated with
each digit of the binary integer representation of an amount of payment;
for a particular amount of payment, the product of all those prime
exponents corresponding to 1 's in the binary representation of the amount
is the public exponent of the signature.
A signature on an image under f is "devalued" by raising it to the
public powers corresponding to the coin values that should be removed.
For instance, a note having a 21st root could be devalued from its 5 cent
value, to 1 cent, simply by raising it to the 7th power.
In earlier online payment systems [C 89], the number of separate
signatures needed for a payment was in general the Hamming weight of the
binary representation of the amount. Since online systems would be used
for higher-value payments (as mentioned above), and extra resolution may
be desired to provide interest for unspent funds [C 89], an average of
roughly an order of magnitude is saved here.
COOKIE JAR
In this first scheme the payer periodically withdraws a supply of notes
from the bank, each with the system-wide maximum value. Consider an
example, shown in Figure 1.1, in which two notes are withdrawn. The n
and ri are random. The ri "blind" (from the bank) the images under the
public, one-way function f. The bank's signature corresponds to taking the
h-th root, where h = 3*5*7*11. As in all the figures, the payer sends
messages from the left and the bank sends from the right.
                    h             h
          f(n1) * r1 ,  f(n2) * r2      ----------------------------------------->
PAYER                                        BANK
     <------------------------------------------
               1/h            1/h           f(n1)    * r1, f(n2)    * r2
           Fig. 1.1. Cookie-jar withdrawal
In preparing the first payment, the payer divides r1 out. The signature
is then raised to the 55th power to devalue it from 15 cents to 5 cents.
Figure 1.2 shows this first payment. Of course the shop is an intermediary
between the payer (left) and the bank (right) in every online payment, but
this is not indicated explicitly. Also not shown in the figures are messages
used to agree on the amounts of payment.
                   1/(3*7)           5*11           n1, f(n1)       , f(j) * s1
     ----------------------------------------->
PAYER                                        BANK
     <------------------------------------------
              1/(5*11)
          f(j)         * s1
           Fig. 1.2. First cookie-jar payment
The first two residues sent in paying, n1 and its signed image under f,
are easily verified by the bank to be worth 5 cents. The third residue is a
blinded "cookie jar," a blinded image under f of a randomly chosen value
j. This cookie jar is modulo a second RSA composite that is only used for
cookie jars. Once the bank verifies the funds received, and that n1 has not
been spent previously, it signs and returns the blinded cookie jar (under
the cookie jar modulus) with public exponents corresponding to the
change due.
The second payment, shown in figure 1.3, is essentially the same as the
first, except that the amount is 3 cents and the cookie jar now has some
roots already on it. If more payments were to be made using the same
cookie jar, all resulting signatures for change would accumulate.
                   1/(3*5)      1/(5*11)    7*11           n2, f(n2)       , f(j)        * s2
     ----------------------------------------->
PAYER                                        BANK
     <------------------------------------------
              1/(5*11*7*11)
          f(j)              * s2
           Fig. 1.3. Second cookie-jar payment
The cookie jar might conveniently be deposited, as shown in figure
1.4, during the withdrawal of the next batch of notes. It is verified by the
bank much as a payment note would be: the roots must be present in the
claimed multiplicity and the pre-image under f must not have been
deposited before.
                 1/(5*7*11*11)
          j, f(j)
     ----------------------------------------->
PAYER                                        BANK
           Fig. 1.4. Cookie-jar deposit
The cookie jar approach gives the effect of an online form of "offline
checks" [C 89], in that notes of a fixed value are withdrawn and the unspent
parts later credited to the payer during a refund transaction.
DECLARED NOTE VALUE
Figure 2 depicts a somewhat different scheme, which allows change to be
spent without an intervening withdrawal transaction.  Withdrawals can be
just as in the cookie-jar scheme, but here a single modulus is used for
everything in the system. The products of public exponents representing
the various amounts are as follows: d is the amount paid, g is the note
value, the "change" c is g/d, and h is again the maximal amount, where d | g
components that are the same as in the cookie-jar scheme. The third
component is the amount of change c the payer claims should be returned.
The fourth is a (blinded) number m, which could be an image under f used
in a later payment just as n is used in this one.
                 1/d        c
          n, f(n)   , c, m*s
     ----------------------------------------->
PAYER                                        BANK
     <------------------------------------------
                     +------------+
           1/c       |       1/c  | (Graphic padlock)
          m    * s * | f(f(n)   ) |
                     +------------+
           Fig. 2. Declared note value payment
The signature returned contains a "protection" factor (shown inside
the padlock). This factor ensures that the payer actually has the c-th root of
f(n), by requiring that the payer apply f to it before dividing the result out
of the signature. Without such protection, a payer could get the system-
wide maximum change, regardless of how much change is actually due;
with it, the change claimed can only be recovered if the corresponding
roots on n are in fact known to the payer.
DISTRIBUTING CHANGE
The change returned in a payment can be divided into parts that fill in
missing denominations in notes not yet spent. Suppose, for example, that
the last payment is spent with d = 5*11, c = 3*7, and that m is formed by
the payer as shown in the first line of Figure 3.1. Then unblinding after
the payment yields the a shown in the second line.
(Use === for "is equivalent to")
                         3        7
              m === f(n1)  * f(n2)
                     1/21
              a === m
           Fig. 3.1. Form of change returned
- From a, the two roots shown in the last two lines of Figure 3.2 are
readily computed. (This technique is easily extended to include any
number of separate roots.) Thus the values unused in the last payment fill
in roots missing in notes n1 and n2.
                   -1
              u = 3   mod 7
              v = 3u div 7
          1/7       3        -1  u        -v
     f(n1)    === (a  * f(n2)   )  * f(n1)
          1/3              -1/7
     f(n2)    === a * f(n1)
           Fig. 3.2. Distributing the change
Because overpayment allows change to be returned in any chosen
denominations (not shown), the payer has extra flexibility and is able to
use all funds held. This also increases convenience by reducing the need
for withdrawals.
HIDDEN NOTE VALUE
Although the combination of the previous two subsections is quite
workable, it may be desirable for the payer not to have to reveal c to the
shop or the bank. Figure 4 shows a system allowing this. The payment
message is just as in the declared note value protocol above, except that c is
not sent. The protection factor (shown again in a lock) is also placed under
the signature, but it is missing the extra f and is raised to a random power z
chosen by the bank
                 1/d     c
          n, f(n)   , m*s
     ----------------------------------------->
PAYER                                        BANK
     <------------------------------------------
                        +----------+
           d/h    g/h   |     zd/h |
          m    * s    * | f(n)     |, z
                        +----------+
           Fig. 4. Hidden note value payment
If z were known to the payer before payment, then the payer could
                       -z
cheat by including f(n)   in the third component; this would yield the payer
the system-wide maximum change, even if none were due. Consider a
single change exponent q. If z mod q is guessed correctly by a cheating
payer, then the payer improperly gets the corresponding coin value. Thus
the chance of successful cheating is 1/q. If, however, the divisors of h are
chosen sufficiently large, quite practical security can be achieved. When
the possibilities of distributing change and refunding are included, this
scheme's privacy surpasses that of a coin system.
Combining online coins improves efficiency, use of funds, convenience,
and privacy.
Chaum, D., "Privacy Protected Payments: Unconditional Payer and/or
Payee Anonymity," in Smart Card 2000, North-Holland, 1989, pp. 69-92.
Chaum, D., A. Fiat, & M. Naor, "Offline Electronic Cash," Proceedings
of Crypto '88.
Brought to you by the Information Liberation Front, and
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1993-11-16 14:04:13
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Review of "Design and implementation of an RSA cryptosystem using multiple DSP chips" 
Source: Computing Reviews, November 1993, pp. 602-603; 9311-0871
ER, M. H.; WONG, D. J.; SETHU, A. A.; AND NGEOW, K. S. (Nanyang
Technological Univ., Singapore)
Design and implementation of an RSA cryptosystem using multiple DSP
Microprocess. Microsyst. 15, 7 (Sept. 1991), 369-378.
The authors propose implementation of the Rivest-Shamir-Adelman (RSA)
public key cryptosystem using multiple digital signal processing (DSP)
chips. They achieve a speed- up factor of 70 compared with a C software
implementation on a PC.
The use of multiple DSP chips (three in the authors' example) is hard
to justify, in light of other known results.  For example, Dusse and
Kaliski reported a 25-50 millisecond decryption of 512-bit RSA with a
single DSP chip [1].  My C implementation on a SPARC station runs in 2
seconds, about the same factor claimed by the authors.
The design suffers from some other problems as well.  One problem is
the key size (160 bits). This is too small (even 512 bits is not enough
for some applications). Another problem is that in this design the
secret key is chosen first, and the corresponding public key is
calculated accordingly.  In most cases, the other way around is
preferable, since it is advantageous to have short secret keys. A third
problem is that any Carmichael number will pass the proposed primality
test (Carmichael numbers are not primes). Better methods exist.
The paper is intended for electrical engineers with little or no
background in cryptology. The length of the paper is suitable, the
drawings are clear, and the physical form of the material is suitable.
A reference to Dusse and Kaliski [I] is missing. I believe that the
authors did not know about that work, and would have reconsidered the
project if they had.  Overall, this paper is a fair description of a
graduate-level project, but the quality of the design leaves something
to be desired.
[1] DUSSE, S. R. ND KALISKI, B. S., JR. A cryptographic library for the
Motorola DSP56000. In Advances in Cryptology - Eurocrypt '90, I. B.
Damgard, Ed., Springer, New York, 1991, 230-244.
GENERAL TERM: DESIGN, MEASUREMENT, PERFORMANCE
Brought to you by the Information Liberation Front and
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1993-10-06 11:55:16
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: How to Share a Secret 
How to Share a Secret
Adi Shamir
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
In this paper we show how to divide data D into n pieces in such a way that D
is easily reconstructable from any k pieces, but even complete knowledge of
k - 1 pieces reveals absolutely no information about D.  This technique enables
the construction of robust key management schemes or cryptographic schemes that
can function securely and reliably even when misfortunes destroy half the
pieces and security breaches expose all but one of the remaining pieces.
Key Words and phrases: cryptography, key management, interpolation.
CR Categories: 5:39, 5.6
1.  Introduction
In [4], Liu considers the following problem:
    Eleven scientists are working on a secret project.  They wish to lock up
    the documents in a cabinet so that the cabinet can be opened if and only if
    six or more of the scientists are present.  What is the smallest number of
    locks needed?  What is the smallest number of keys to the locks each
    scientist must carry?
It is not hard to show that the minimal solution uses 462 locks and 252 keys
per scientist.  These numbers are clearly impractical, and they become
exponentially worse when the number of scientists increases.
In this paper we generalize the problem to one in which the secret is some data
D (e.g., the safe combination) and in which nonmechanical solutions (which
manipulate this data) are also allowed.  Our goal is to divide D into n pieces
D1, ..., Dn in such a way that:
(1) knowledge of any k or more Di pieces makes D easily computable;
(2) knowledge of any k - 1 or fewer Di pieces leaves D completely undetermined
    (in the sense that all its possible values are equally likely).
Such a scheme is called a (k, n) threshold scheme.
Efficient threshold schemes can be very helpful in the management of
cryptographic keys.  In order to protect data we can encrypt it, but in order
to protect the encryption key we need a different method (further encryptions
change the problem rather than solve it).  The most secure key management
scheme keeps the key in a single, well-guarded location (a computer, a human
brain, or a safe).  This scheme is highly unreliable since a single misfortune
(a computer breakdown, sudden death, or sabotage) can make the information
inaccessible.  An obvious solution is to store multiple copies of the key at
different locations, but this increases the danger of security breaches
(computer penetration, betrayal, or human errors).  By using a (k, n) threshold
scheme with n = 2k - 1 we get a very robust key management scheme: We can
recover the original key even when floor(n/2) = k - 1 of the n pieces are
destroyed, but our opponents cannot reconstruct the key even when security
breaches expose floor(n/2) = k - 1 of the remaining k pieces.
In other applications the tradeoff is not between secrecy and reliability, but
between safety and convenience of use.  Consider, for example, a company that
digitally signs all its checks (see RSA [5]).  If each executive is given a
copy of the company's secret signature key, the system is convenient but easy
to misuse.  If the cooperation of all the company's executives is necessary in
order to sign each check, the system is safe but inconvenient.  The standard
solution requires at least three signatures per check, and it is easy to
implement with a (3, n) threshold scheme.  Each executive is given a small
magnetic card with one Di piece, and the company's signature generating device
accepts any three of them in order to generate (and later destroy) a temporary
copy of the actual signature key D.  The device does not contain any secret
information and thus it need not be protected against inspection.  An
unfaithful executive must have at least two accomplices in order to forge the
company's signature in this scheme.
Threshold schemes are ideally suited to applications in which a group of
mutually suspicious individuals with conflicting interests must cooperate.
Ideally we would like the cooperation to be based on mutual consent, but the
veto power this mechanism gives to each member can paralyze the activities of
the group.  By properly choosing the k and n parameters we can give any
sufficiently large majority the authority to take some action while giving any
sufficiently large minority the power to block it.
2.  A Simple (k, n) Threshold Scheme
Our scheme is based on polynomial (*) interpolation: given k points in the
2-dimensional plane (x1, y1), ... (xk, yk) with distinct xi's, there is one and
only one polynomial q(x) of degree k - i such that q(xi) = yi for all i.
 --------
(*) The polynomials can be replaced by any other collection of functions which
are easy to evaluate and to interpolate.
 --------
Without loss of generality, we can assume that the data D is (or can be made) a
number.  To divide it into pieces Di, we pick a random k - 1 degree polynomial
q(x) = a[0] + a[1] * x + ... a[k-1] * x^(k-1) in which a[0] = D, and
D1 = q(1), ..., Di = q(i), ..., Dn = q(n).
Given any subset of k of these Di values (together with their identifying
indices), we can find the coefficients of q(x) by interpolation, and then
evaluate D = q(O).  Knowledge of just k - 1 of these values, on the other hand,
does not suffice in order to calculate D.
To make this claim more precise, we use modular arithmetic instead of real
arithmetic.  The set of integers modulo a prime number p forms a field in which
interpolation is possible.  Given an integer valued data D, we pick a prime p
which is bigger than both D and n.  The coefficients a[1], ..., a[k-1], in q(x)
are randomly chosen from a uniform distribution over the integers in [0, p),
and the values D1, ..., Dn are computed modulo p.
Let us now assume that k - 1 of these n pieces are revealed to an opponent.
For each candidate value D' in [O, p) he can construct one and only one
polynomial q'(x) of degree k - 1 such that q'(0) = D' and q'(i) = Di for the
k - 1 given arguments.  By construction, these p possible polynomials are
equally likely, and thus there is absolutely nothing the opponent can deduce
about the real value of D.
Efficient O(n log^2 n) algorithms for polynomial evaluation and interpolation
are discussed in [11 and [3], but even the straightforward quadratic algorithms
are fast enough for practical key management schemes.  If the number D is long,
it is advisable to break it into shorter blocks of bits (which are handled
separately) in order to avoid multiprecision arithmetic operations.  The blocks
cannot be arbitrarily short, since the smallest usable value of p is n + 1
(there must be at least n + 1 distinct arguments in [0, p) to evaluate q(x)
at).  However, this is not a severe limitation since sixteen bit modulus (which
can be handled by a cheap sixteen bit arithmetic unit) suffices for
applications with up to 64,000 Di pieces.
Some of the useful properties of this (k, n) threshold scheme (when compared to
the mechanical locks and keys solutions) are:
(1) The size of each piece does not exceed the size of the original data.
(2) When k is kept fixed, Di pieces can be dynamically added or deleted (e.g.,
    when executives join or leave the company) without affecting the other D,
    pieces.  (A piece is deleted only when a leaving executive makes it
    completely inaccessible, even to himself.)
(3) It is easy to change the Di pieces without changing the original data D --
    all we need is a new polynomial q(x) with the same free term.  A frequent
    change of this type can greatly enhance security since the pieces exposed
    by security breaches cannot be accumulated unless all of them are values of
    the same edition of the q(x) polynomial.
(4) By using tuples of polynomial values as Di pieces, we can get a
    hierarchical scheme in which the number of pieces needed to determine D
    depends on their importance.  For example, if we give the company's
    president three values of q(x), each vice-president two values of q(x), and
    each executive one value of q(x), then a (3, n) threshold scheme enables
    checks to be signed either by any three executives, or by any two
    executives one of whom is a vice-president, or by the president alone.
A different (and somewhat less efficient) threshold scheme was recently
developed by G.R.  Blakley [2].
1. Aho, A., Hopcroft, J., and Ullman, J.  The Design and Analysis of Computer
   Algorithms.  Addison-Wesley, Reading, Mass., 1974.
2. Blakley, G.R.  Safeguarding cryptographic keys.  Proc.  AFIPS 1979 NCC,
   Vol. 48, Arlington, Va., June 1979, pp. 313-317.
3. Knuth, D.  The Art of Computer Programming, Vol.  2:  Seminumerical
   Algorithms.  Addison-Wesley, Reading, Mass., 1969.
4. Liu, C.L.  Introduction to Combinatorial Mathematics.  McGraw-Hill, New
   York, 1968.
5. Rivest, R., Shamir.  A., and Adleman, L.  A method for obtaining digital
   signatures and public key cryptosystems.  Comm.  ACM 21, 2 (Feb.  1978),
   120-126.
Communications of the ACM
November 1979
Volume 22
Number 11
Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided
that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage,
the ACM copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear,
and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Association for
Computing Machinery.  To copy otherwise, or to republish, requires a fee and/or
specific permission.
Author's present address: A. Shamir, Laboratory for Computer Science,
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139.
This research was supported by the Office of Naval Research under contract no
Received April 1979; revised September 1979.
(c) 1979 ACM 0001-0782/79/1100-0612 $00.75.
Brought to you by the Information Liberation Front, and
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1993-10-07 10:35:51
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: MacPGP 2.3 sources 
You have been hacked.  IP addresses above 168.xxx.xxx.xxx have not
yet been allocated.
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1993-10-24 12:53:36
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
I am among those "generally supportive" of E. Hughes' suggestion that
signed messages be encouraged in some way.  It wouldn't bother me a
bit if that led to a decline in CypherPunks mailing list membership;
with luck, the quality of the list would improve.  Furthermore, class
consciousness is a good thing (?), so let's create classes of CypherPunks
and try generally to elevate consciousness.
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1993-10-24 13:13:11
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: impersonation 
Scott, I'm not sure what you mean by dissemination of information not
being ergodic -- could you please elaborate.  Well, not elaborate,
because your style is already quite elaborate, and I can't make heads
or tails out of your note.  The comparison of Email forgery to rape
("or any other invasion of privacy" -- excuse me, but forcibly shoving
your penis into my vagina is not an invasion of my privacy, it is a
violent crime on my body, for which you will pay) so enrages me, it
makes calm discussion impossible.
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1993-09-20 07:26:08
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: meaningless rumor 
According to idea.c in the PGP sources:
 *      Algorithm developed by Xuejia Lai and James L. Massey, of ETH Zurich.
 *      This implementation modified and derived from original C code
 *      developed by Xuejia Lai.
Of course, idea.c and PGP as a whole have been substantially improved
by an international community; importing their warez may be as much of
an "offense" as importing IDEA.  (Certainly the prosecution of these
actions is equal in absurdity.)
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1994-08-15 10:33:09
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: DSS flaw reported 
I found this in the EDUPAGE clipping service.  Does anyone have further
    BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD ON DIGITAL SIGNATURES
            The Digital Signature Standard approved by the Commerce Department
    last May is in trouble. The algorithm may have a fatal flaw that would
    allow hackers to forge digital signatures needed for electronic funds
    transfers and alter supposedly secure documents. NIST (National Institute
    for Standards and Technology) claims all that's needed is a one-line fix,
    and an unfazed AT&T still plans to release a new version of its
    DSS-compatible Secretagent encryption software sometime soon. (Data
    Communications 8/94 p.11)
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1994-08-19 06:48:56
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Attention Shoppers: Internet Is Open (NYT, 12Aug94) 
New York Times, 12 August 1994, Page C1.
[Photograph of five young men standing around a decorated office.]
A system from the Net Market Company allows credit card shopping on the
Internet in total privacy.  Net Market's chief executive, Daniel M.
Kohn, foreground, worked at the company's office in Nashua, N.H.,
yesterday.  Behind him, from left, were the president, Roger Lee;
program developer, Mark Birmingham; senior program developer, Guy H.T.
Haskin, and chief information officer, Eiji Hirai.
ATTENTION SHOPPERS: INTERNET IS OPEN
By PETER H. LEWIS
At noon yesterday, Phil Brandenberger of Philadelphia went shopping for
a compact audio disk, paid for it with his credit card and made
Moments later, the champagne corks were popping in a small two-story
frame house in Nashua, N.H.  There, a team of young cyberspace
entrepreneurs celebrated what was apparently the first retail
transaction on the Internet using a readily available version of
powerful data encryption software designed to guarantee privacy.
Experts have long seen such ironclad security as a necessary first step
before commercial transactions can become common on the Internet, the
global computer network.
- From his work station in Philadelphia, Mr. Brandenburger logged onto
the computer in Nashua, and used a secret code to send his Visa credit
card number to pay $12.48, plus shipping costs, for the compact disk
"Ten Summoners' Tales" by the rock musician Sting.
"Even if the N.S.A. was listening in, they couldn't get his credit card
number," said Daniel M. Kohn, the 21-year-old chief executive of the
Net Market Company of Nashua, N.H., a new venture that is the
equivalent of a shopping mall in cyberspace.  Mr. Kohn was referring to
the National Security Agency, the arm of the Pentagon that develops and
breaks the complex algorithms that are used to keep the most secret
electronic secrets secret.
Even bigger organizations working on rival systems yesterday called the
achievement by the tiny Net Market a welcome first step.
"It's really clear that most companies want the security prior to doing
major commitments to significant electronic commerce on the Internet,"
said Cathy Medich, executive director of Commercenet, a Government and
industry organization based in Menlo Park, Calif., that hopes to
establish standards for commercial transactions on the Internet and
other networks.
The idea is to make such data communications immune to wiretaps,
electronic eavesdropping and theft by scrambling the transmissions with
a secret code security technique known as data encryption.
While Commercenet and other organizations have been working to develop
a standard for the automated data encryption of commercial
transactions, the small band of recent college graduates who formed the
Net Market Company in New Hampshire appear to be the first to implement
such technology successfully.
Tests of Commercenet's encryption system, which is based on algorithms
- - mathematical formulas - developed by RSA Data Security Inc. of
Redwood City, Calif., are expected to begin this fall.
Commercenet hopes to create an easy-to-use industry standard for
protecting Internet transactions.
For now, Net Market's approach is available to the limited number of
computer users who have work stations running the Unix software
operating system and a sophisticated Internet navigational program
called X-Mosaic.  The data encryption program is called PGP, for Pretty
Good Privacy, which is based on the same RSA algorithms used by
PGP is available free, but it requires technical expertise to download
it from the Internet.  But within a few months commercial versions of
PGP are expected to be available for personal computers using the
Windows and Macintosh operating systems, which comprise the vast
majority of computers in North America.
Security Breaches Reported
The widespread adoption of standard data encryption tools cannot come
too quickly for many Internet entrepreneurs, who hope to foster new
levels of commerce on the rapidly growing network.
Alarmed by increasing reports of security breaches on the Internet many
people and businesses are reluctant to transmit sensitive information,
including credit cards numbers, sales information or private electronic
mail messages, on the network.
But the use of standard data encryption software, which scrambles
messages so they can be read only by someone with the proper software
"key," has been hindered by a combination of Government regulations and
software patent disputes.
Experts say the PGP encryption software used by Net Market is at least
as robust as the so-called Clipper encryption technology that the
Clinton Administration has been pushing as a national standard.  But
unlike the Clipper system, the software keys for opening and reading
PGP-encrypted documents is not controlled by the Government.
A version of PGP for individuals is available free through the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, but users must retrieve it from
an M.I.T. computer through the Internet.
Organizations wanting to use PGP for commercial purposes must obtain it
on the Internet from a company in Phoenix called Viacrypt, a maker of
[bold inset
A system offers on-line credit card shopping in total privacy.  end inset]
computer security software and hardware tools.  Prices for PGP begin at
$100 a copy.
A Browsing Feature
One achievement of the young programmers at Net Market was to
incorporate PGP into X-Mosaic, the software that many Internet users
rely on for browsing through the global network.
X-Mosaic is a software tool that allows the users of Unix computers to
browse a service of the Internet called the World Wide Web, where
companies can post the electronic equivalent of a glossy color brochure
with supporting sales or marketing documents.
In the case of Noteworthy Music the record retailer that leases a
"store front" in Net Market's Internet computer, a shopper can look at
color pictures of CD album covers.
Mr. Kohn, a 1994 honors graduate in economics from Swarthmore College,
came up with the idea for Net Market during his junior year abroad, at
the London School of Economics.  There, he persuaded an American
classmate, Roger Lee, to join his venture.
Mr. Lee, who graduated from Yale this past spring with a degree in
political science, is president of the company.  For technical
expertise, they recruited two other partners from Swarthmore, Guy H.T.
Haskin and Eiji Hirai.
The four men live upstairs in the house in Nashua, commuting downstairs
each morning to run the business.  Because of the pressures of running
the system and debugging the software, they rarely venture outside,
even though they have a backyard swimming pool.
"We don't get much sun," Mr. Kohn said, "but we're down to a case of
Coke a day."
'An Important Step'
Although Net Market has been selling various products like CD's,
flowers and books for several months on behalf of various merchants,
yesterday was the first time they had offered digitally secure
"I think it's an important step in pioneering this work, but later on
we'll probably see more exciting things in the way of digital cash,"
said Philip R. Zimmermann, a computer security consultant in Boulder,
Colo., who created the PGP program.
Digital cash, Mr. Zimmermann explained, is "a combination of
cryptographic protocols that behave the way real dollars behave but are
In other words, they are packets of worth that have value in
cyberspace, the same way dollars have value in the real world, except
that they have the properties of anonymity, privacy and untraceability.
Many details remain to be worked out, Mr. Zimmermann said.
For now Mr. Brandenberger, despite his historic transaction yesterday,
will be paying with plain old dollars, when he gets his credit card
bill.  And sometime today, the Sting CD will arrive by fairly
conventional means shipped FedEx from the Noteworthy Music warehouse in
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1994-06-03 15:18:54
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
On the one hand, I applaud Dr. Blaze for the discoveries based on his
black-box analysis of the NSA product.  How fortunate to have him
working in a laboratory seeded with this gear.
On the other hand, I am amused at the "big deal" being made about such
a minor result.  This "protocol failure" exposes the NSA product to no
new threats.  If one's objective is to use SKIPJACK but to defeat key
escrow, pre-encryption is easier, conceptually simpler, and may be more
secure, depending on what is actually inside the SKIPJACK code.
I won't ask why the big deal is being made about all of this -- the
agenda surrounding Clipper and friends is clearly a political one, not
a technical one, so it is no surprise to hear even the technical voices,
i.e., this list, trumpeting Blaze's paper as though it were a dagger in
the heart of SKIPJACK.  But let's all acknowledge the technical weight
and importance of Blaze's result for what it is: minuscule.
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1994-06-04 03:26:09
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
Mr. Shostack makes a good point in identifying immunity from traffic
analysis as an advantage of Blaze's subterfuge.  Thank you.  Metzger,
on the other hand, appears to be as stupid as he is brazen.  If only
one party obscures the LEAF field, the needs of law enforcement are
as easily met by inspecting the LEAF transmitted by the other party.
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1994-06-04 03:40:02
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
Thanks, Hal.  Maybe you remember me from some time past.  I confess
that Perry Metzger's tone set me off and prompted an intemperate reply,
for which I apologize.
Regardless of the technical brunt, I think we all view with great
satisfaction the shock waves produced by someone who the CypherPunks
can truly call one of their own.
DEADBEAT

@_date: 1995-12-31 09:10:48
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Fred Cohen, PhD 
Regarding Fred Cohen, PhD:
Cohen's haughty and bombastic style do nothing good for his reputation.  I
assume he advertises his PhD to highlight his early accomplishments; he has
done little since.
Let's also consider the granting institution, a second-rank school.
Cohen's thesis broke new ground, but how many people have read it, or any of
his writings, or know anything about his ideas beyond a single word?  How far
did he carry this work?  Where are the conference and journal papers?  Cohen's
reputation faded into obscurity long ago.  Now he is building a new reputation
as a pig-headed loudmouth, threatening his "defamers."  Shades of Sternlight.
DEADBEAT Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse at anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help at anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin at anon.penet.fi

@_date: 1995-09-06 00:12:45
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: SSLRef (SSLtelnet) 
Verisign, Inc. (VERISIGN-DOM)
   100 Marine Parkway, Suite 525
   Redwood City, CA  94065
   Domain Name: VERISIGN.COM
   Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Taylor, Simon  (ST192)  simon at RSA.COM
      (415) 508-1151
   Record last updated on 21-Jun-95.

@_date: 1995-09-21 12:38:49
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Fraud Can Flourish Without the Internet 
The New York Times
Thursday, September 21, 1995
Fraud Can Flourish Without the Internet
To the Editor:
  Your Sept. 19 front-page article on
the discovery by two University of
California graduate students of a
flaw in Netscape, the software used
for purchases over the Internet's
World Wide Web, raises a number of
obvious questions.
  First, who needs high tech to per-
petrate fraud?  Any unscrupulous
commercial employee could use or
sell your credit card number without
employing technology.
  Every time you hand your card to
a waiter in a restaurant, it disap-
pears for several minutes.  The de-
partment store clerks and gas sta-
tion attendants you deal with also
have access to your card number.
How secure is that?
  Ever give your credit card num-
ber over the phone to make a
purchase from a mail-order house?
Or to secure a reservation at
a hotel?  Who's to say that the em-
ployees you're speaking with are
honest?  Or that your phone is no
tapped?  Or theirs?
  I shop on the Internet; I may get
ripped off.  What's my liability?  Fifty
bucks -- sames as the other scenarios
I've described.  That's in my credit
agreement with the card issuer.
  So why all the hoopla?  Is credit
card fraud significantly more preva-
lent on the Internet than in other
modes of purchasing?
  Or is the banking industry whip-
ping up hysteria among purchasers
to curb fraud losses?  Was the work
of those graduate students funded
by someone -- directly or indirect-
ly?  If so, by whom?  A banking
consortium?  A high-tech company
working on some patentable security
scheme?               ROBERT HERRIG
    Peekskill, N.Y., Sept. 19, 1995
The writer is a systems consultant.
DEADBEAT for the I.L.F.

@_date: 1996-02-11 02:20:23
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Nyms with keys 
I mostly lurk these days. DEADBEAT Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse at anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help at anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin at anon.penet.fi

@_date: 1996-02-18 17:02:07
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Nyms with keys 
Perhaps while you're lurking, you should consider downloading
WHat advantage is there to the more recent versions?  I'll tell you
what I like most about this version, it is paid for.
DEADBEAT Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse at anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help at anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin at anon.penet.fi

@_date: 1996-02-21 16:42:51
@_author: deadbeat 
@_subject: Kerberos vulnerability 
A Kerberos V4 session key is chosen by calling random() repeatedly.
THe PRNG is seeded with srandom(time.tv_usec ^ time.tv_sec ^ p ^ n++),
where p is a static integer set to getpid() ^ gethostid() on the first
call and n is a static counter.
Is there any entropy here???  Most, if not all, Kerberos servers run one
time synchronization protocol or another, which reduces the entropy to a
few bits at most.
DEADBEAT Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse at anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help at anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin at anon.penet.fi
