
@_date: 2001-11-29 03:00:52
@_author: Jeff Summers 
@_subject: Under New Ownership! 
New Page 1
Note: This is not an unsolicited e-mail. This e-mail was sent to you
because your address was entered on a website requesting to be
registered as a subscriber. We NEVER send unsolicited email. If you\xa0
feel that this has been sent in error, or would like to unsubscribe,
see Full UNSUBSCRIBE instructions at the foot of this email. DO NOT\xa0
REPLY to this email if you wish to unsubscribe, please use the
at the foot of this page.
Dear Valued Customer,
We wanted to inform you that Discount Nutrition dot com has been
purchased by Anabolic Store dot com Incorporated. Discount Nutrition
officially under new ownership and management.\xa0
In an effort to provide the best possible customer service and make sure
can meet all your needs we will be updating the Discount Nutrition
with new and exciting products. In the meantime, we are encouraging
Discount Nutrition customers to visit Anabolic Store offers the most effective muscle building and fat loss
supplements available today. It's important to know from time to time
will be sending our customers offers regarding products and
It's our sincere desire to retain as many customers as possible while
cleaning up the Discount Nutrition subscriber list we are requesting
that subscribers who no longer want to receive Discount Nutrition or
Anabolic Store emails take this opportunity to opt out now (see foot of
this email).\xa0
Important Note: Upon purchasing Discount Nutrition dot com we (Anabolic
Store, Inc.) have come to realize that some customers were unsatisfied
with the
level of service they received. We are most excited to hear from those
we look forward to satisfying each and every situation.
The Anabolic Store has always provided excellent, World Class
service and our motto is "Customers for Life". We have a staff of highly
Fitness Advisors that are available to assist you and make sure you're
getting the\xa0
proper supplements to meet your muscle building or fat loss goals. And
every order\xa0
taken by 5:00 PM EST is shipped out the same day Via FedEx!\xa0
Now I realize that some subscribers have never been to our web site or
even called
our company, I would like to addresses these customers and make an
exclusive offer
to you. New customers if you can take some time out of your busy
schedule to call us
within the next few days we would love to share with you a diet on how
you can enjoy
all the holiday food and festivity without gaining a single pound. Did
you know that the
average American will gain 23lbs over this holiday?\xa0 Dont be a
victim to fat this year!\xa0
Free nutrition advice for the holiday plus your choice of a free
t-shirt, bottle of creatine
or a body fat tester Just For Calling!
We're anxious to become your one stop nutrition-shopping store, so
please take a\xa0
look at our site and rest assured that meeting your needs is our number
 GOAL!
 or call toll free 1-888-577-4464 for phone
Thank you in advance and we look forward to satisfying you,
Jeff Summers
To remove yourself from our mailing list, point your browser to:
Enter your email address in the field provided and click "Remove".
This message was sent to address cypherpunks-unedited at toad.com
