
@_date: 1993-12-02 00:02:26
@_author: Benjamin McLemore 
@_subject: NSA Insecure Remailers 
analysis of backbone internet traffic, at least the NSA can penetrate
the security of anonymous remailers----
 >probably only the NSA and some defense agency we haven't
 >yet heard of are actually performing this analysis right now. But  >given the declining price of storage media, even saving everything on
 >magnetic media and paying $1000/gig, it only costs about US$8.7 million
 >to keep a year's worth of traffic headers around (media cost).
 >
 >So what?
 what indeed.
 oh why do we waste so much time seeking systems that are  unbreakable.  You don't need mathematically unbreakable  to have a free market on the nets.
 costs a minimum of $50K to start a federal criminal prosecution (that  if the perp is inside the US).  This means that the feds can only  a few tens of thousands a year.  When you add incarceration costs  quickly becomes very difficult.  This being the case, they are  on your obedience for law enforcement success.  Like any  the government must gain more energy from the kill than it  on the hunt.  Otherwise it weakens and dies.   All I was trying to point out with my post is what I saw as a flaw in
my previous understanding of the depth of the security provided by
anonymous remailers. There is a difference between relying on the
mathematics of strong crypto to protect you from government spooks and
prying bureacrats-- and relying on one's belief that- although one's
security has been compromised, it will be too expensive or otherwise
difficult for the government to use this information against you.
It seems to me that anonymous remailers, despite my initial
assumptions that they were cryptographically strong, are probably
compromised by the ability of the NSA to monitor Internet backbone
traffic, a hypothesis I would love to see disproved. Additionally, my
understanding of the nature of the packet data that passes over the
Internet backbones is weak; someone posted the other day that they
felt the government would soon require that all data passing over the
nets be addressed and labeled, enabling the Feds to monitor it--it is
my understanding of networking that that day is here *now*. I want unbreakable security, untraceable communication and unforgeable
digital cash--ALL of it mathematically guaranteed and none of it
compromisable by some underpaid bureacrat who might decide to make a
little money off of ME in his spare time.

@_date: 1993-11-25 00:03:24
@_author: Benjamin McLemore 
@_subject: 900 MHz Cordless question 
Catching up on my reading the other day, I noticed an article in the
Economist about Cincinnati Microwave's 900 Mhz cordless phone. It seems
that Cylink makes the actual chip that is used in the phone to do the
spread-spectrum communications. My questions to the readers of this list
1: Given that Cylink was one of the two original companies to manufacture
Clipper hardware, what does this say about the protocols that are used in
this spread-spectrum chip? Was it designed to be easy for law enforcement
to crack?
2: Of the digital 900 Mhz telephones available, are any of the phones
better from a security standpoint than any of the others? Are they all
using different protocols or the same?
Enquiring minds want to know!

@_date: 1993-11-27 21:24:45
@_author: Benjamin McLemore 
@_subject: 900 Mhz phones 
Sorry about the mistake in my question. I had quickly read an article the other
day that left the idea in my mind that Cylink was one of the two producers of
the Clipper chip, actually quite the opposite is true:
Coupled with the article in the Economist about them also making the chip for
at least one digital cordless phone, my latent (but growing) paranoia about the intentions of this government with respect to our privacy jumped to
the false (??) conlusions I implied in my question.
Any more info from anyone about which of these phones might be more or
less secure? What kind of algorithms would we really like to see implemented for wireless communications? Who's doing it? (I think there is a story about Qualcomm wanting stronger security for their CDMA digital
cellular standard but being forced to weaken or eliminate it due to government(?) pressure--but that may be my paranoia again...)

@_date: 1993-11-28 16:09:40
@_author: Benjamin McLemore 
@_subject: Anonymous mail servers? 
Are there any anonymous mail<-->ftp servers around? I am thinking
specifically about people getting pgp and other (soon to be
contraband?) cypherpunks tools. It would be nice if there were a
server for at least these items. I suppose you would send an
appropriately composed message with a body consisting of the request
and an anonymous return address preceded by the anonymous address of
the server.
Has this already been done? Blacknet, if it exists, works like this
doesn't it? Where are the BlackNet access instructions?

@_date: 1993-11-30 01:27:21
@_author: Benjamin McLemore 
@_subject: NSA Insecure Remailers? 
I was thinking about remailer traffic analysis this evening and realized
that everybody who has come into contact (i.e. received or sent email to a
remailer) with a remailer is probably on an NSA list. Given the low volume
of information on the Internet backbone, only 45 Mbits/sec, it is not hard
to imagine that they at least perform routine traffic analysis looking for
things like packets going to and from remailers (unless I'm missing
something--please correct me). Encryption doesn't help here because the
header info isn't encrypted. Given that most remailers are not randomly
changing the sizes and delay times of incoming and outgoing traffic, this
probably also allows someone like the NSA to correlate incoming and
outgoing traffic and follow messages end-to-end (until they leave the NSA
surveyed portions of the network, anyway). Given the magnitude of the traffic analysis problem (I estimate about 24
gigabytes/day of addressing info saved: 45 Mbits/sec,86400 sec, 5% of data
is addressing), probably only the NSA and some defense agency we haven't
yet heard of are actually performing this analysis right now. But given the
declining price of storgae media, even saving everything on magnetic media
and paying $1000/gig, it only costs about US$8.7 million to keep a year's
worth of traffic headers around (media cost).
So what?
Well if Blacknet exists, it either means they are using something trickier
than the anonymous remailers that I know about or they are going to be
quickly washed up--at least if they do anything to run afoul of the big
guys (or maybe they're just a trot line for unsuspecting cypherpunks?). I
also don't know how much information you can get out of just header
analysis--for example, would this allow tracing anonymous posters into
Usenet newsgroups?
I suppose there are still things that you can do in the presence of such
surveillance to avoid detection: multiple remailer chains off of the main
backbones for example--which I may not currently know about.  I hope I have
made some obvious errors that list readers can correct, but my assessment
of the security provided by using anonymous remailers just dropped an order
of magnitude. It sounds like I need to learn about mixes and DC-nets about now, which I
presume are part of the solution to this dilemma? I have the dining
cryptographers paper, could someone point me towards more info?

@_date: 1994-02-16 13:45:21
@_author: Benjamin McLemore 
@_subject: Detweiler blocking 
I must admit to a certain amount of amazement to the almost universal
consensus I have seen in this forum regarding censoring Detweiler's (or
whomever's) Usenet postings. I believe in the remailer concept and I
believe in fighting the authoritarian traceability standard that the
Internet is designed around. As Xenon and others have mentioned, there
are numerous ways for anyone to get around any kind of source-level
filtering you might care to implement, and thus as remailer operators
heading down this path, you will be put in the position of the
proverbial dutch boy with a finger in the dike.
The type of privacy that most of us as cypherpunks think is important
and are trying to provide will necessarily leave us open to attacks
such as Detweiler's. But I think privacy is more important than one
more off-topic post in a random newsgroup. And if someone receives
mail they don't like or don't appreciate--delete it! This medium of
electronic communication is not nearly as dangerous as the current
postal system, which allows you to send real mailbombs--and the postal
system does NOT require return addresses. Who are these uptight
schmucks writing to root and postmaster about Detweiler posts? Why on
earth have they been allowed to get away with it! This is ridiculous.
I think this is the battle that we must fight. The digital convergence
is happening now, and unfortunately with the current authoritarian
Internet model, Clipper/Capstone/Tesserae and all that
nonsense--things arent't looking good for our side. Therefore, I think
even more we have to stand on principle to fight this thing. (and yes,
I fully intend to have my remailer running soon--I'm not just talking).
Someone could send me mail now containing kiddy porn (most likely a
postal inspector--they seem to be the only markey for the stuff) with
no return address--should I write to the root at whitehouse.org as the
ultimate arbiter since the postal service has delivered me this mail?
If someone delivers mail through my remailer (which will ONLY support
PGP encrypted mail) how am I responsible?

@_date: 1994-02-16 16:15:14
@_author: Benjamin McLemore 
@_subject: Detweiler blocking 
Sorry for the typo, of course I meant censoring Detweiler's Usenet
postings vis a vis the remailer network. I don't even want to know who
is sending messages through my remailer and they beter be encrypted so
that I can't know--this is the essence of the privacy that I think
remailers should provide and it is how I think we have to fight the
current authoritarian model. Yes, Detweiler wants the remailer's shut
down and some type og Big Brother/retina scanning/verification
approach so that he can be sure we're not al the same person. As such,
he is an enemy of what we stand for. And yet, he can use the
technologies we are developing just as well--so can the rest of the
poeple who are against our agenda and there is no way we could
distribute filter lists fast enough to keep them all out (especially
with port 25).
My point is--what harm have Detweiler's posts through the remailer's
done? I do not accept that they were really even harm--anybody reading
unmoderated Usenet newsgroups is wading through far more drivel on a
daily basis then the Perversion can manage to generate. It is
challenging this notion that they were harmful (and I am not doubting
that some net.czars--although hopefully not Netcom--would find them
so) that I am trying to do. WE must have privacy for everyone--even Detweiler. I agree with Perry
that Detweiler's right to sin ends when he uses my property, but I
only plan to use (and soon run) remailers where the text is encrypted
anyway. I certainly do not plan to filter messages based on a content
I can't even read. Thus, by design I wouldn't be able to filter him or
any other fools he might motivate to his irrational cause.
As to kiddie porn, what is my legal liability if all that passes
through my system is PGP-encrypted bits. Someone else will have to
open the envelope (I assume that the postal inspectors aren't
arresting all the postal workers in the chain of delivery of the crap
they are sending to BBS operators...)--I don't plan to be able to.
analyst at netcom.com
