
@_date: 2000-10-27 00:58:37
@_author: Peter Tonoli 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Mac created the modern Internet 
Guess it's time for me to reminisce.. :)
Sounds like SLiRP :).. Most annoying thing setting those things up over
non 8-bit clean lines.
It's still hard to get unlimited access since it costs around 16-19c a meg
wholesale in Australia.
Most boards this side of the world were running Remote Access or other
QuickBBS clones.. IMHO more configurable :)
I remember users connecting to my system with modems that only supported
300bps or 1200/75 and seeing them attempt to upload at 1200/75, now that
was slow. I'm suprised with the amount of Mac users here, that no-one's mentioned
BBS systems such as 'firstclass'. Firstclass was the first GUI based
terminal application I ever used - it allowed you to call BBS'es while
retaining an interface similar to the finder - at a reasonable speed too.
Downloading files was simly a click and a drag away.
RIPscript didn't really take off here, at least in Australia. Speed was
something to be desired, and the resolution wasn't that good. I also
faintly remember licensing issues, or that there wasn't a free/affordable
RIPterm. Fuzzy memory.. There was also AVATAR which was similar
to ANSI, but used shorter escape codes, and was a fair bit faster although
it was still text based.
Mentioning that, I remember the first vulnerability I saw. The BBS package
TBBS tended to dump all memory (specifically usernames/passwords) to the
user if they had the %location% macro, which would print their location,
in their location.
First time I tried it, the hourly cost was something like A$38p/h, not
including those services which cost more - besides the layout of the place
wasn't terribly untuitive.
Worse still, when MacOS 7 came out. I remember having to share one of
those slow CDROM's between several users on a localtalk network - ultimate
definition of slow. Back in those days, you could get BBS-in-a-box type CD's that had
basically all of the shareware and PD software you'd need.. Slowly these
CD's would turn into multiple CD set's.
Hey, don't forget WAIS :)
Too true..
