
@_date: 2004-07-21 12:36:37
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [FoRK] For those indoctrinated by the military 
That is simply the evolution of warfare.  Helicopters were great for
about twenty years, and then the US started deploying effective
countermeasures against them in the 1980s (as the Russians learned in
Afghanistan).  The Russians learned how to design for close air support
the very expensive way.
The US has actually been scrapping new helicopter development, though it
is committed to upgrading existing ones.  While I don't remember where I
heard it very recently, but the A-10 (a very well-engineered combat
aircraft) has been granted a last minute reprieve and is slated to be
upgraded i.e. they are substantially extending its service life.
The US is still mostly using Cold War equipment that has been patched
with some upgrades.  A broad slate of completely new technology
platforms is scheduled for deployment over the next several years,
bringing a very substantial leap in capability over what the US already
has.  The new platforms are, quite frankly, pretty scary to the extent
they completely obsolete existing platforms.  The ability to effectively
and methodically destroy irregular forces and guerillas in urban and not
so urban settings were explicit design goals in many of these systems.
The targeting and tracking granularity of the automated fire control and
surveillance systems is no longer vehicle and unit size nor is it
dependent on the centralization of resources in big capital equipment.
Instead it is more like a decentralized swarm of smaller machines that
can work at the granularity of a specific individual.
This is actually big picture bad in the same way that strong AI is big
picture bad.  In an environment where such things exist, all you can do
is hope that it isn't used against you because there isn't much you can
do about it in such cases.  If the initial conditions aren't favorable,
then you are all but hosed.  Naturally, the US military is already
testing primitive active countermeasures against such weapons.
j. andrew rogers
FoRK mailing list
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-05-03 22:08:30
@_author: J.Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [FoRK] Why We Are Losing The War on Terrorism 
On May 3, 2004, at 9:14 AM, Contempt for Meatheads forwarded:
I think this analysis is correct, but also a bit too shallow to be
really insightful.  While there are some significant institutional
problems and byzantine self-defeating regulations, these things are
masking a much bigger technical problem that desperately needs to be
tackled from their perspective.
The volume of data they collect has reached the point where good
analysis is no longer tractable in a theoretical algorithmic sense with
the best tools they currently have at their disposal, particularly when
you have a data space as broad and diffuse as "terrorism" to sift.
Institutional procedures and problems aggravate this, but the
underlying issues are deeper.
One of the ways I keep track of what the US DoD is up to is by analysis
of the open research programs, contracts, and grants that they publish.
 By threading the many, many programs together over time, you can see
how fast different technologies are progressing and you can chain
inferences to make an intelligent estimate as to when specific
capabilities (which may require the intersection of multiple research
tracks) could theoretically be available to the DoD.  Furthermore, the
program managers have a habit of mildly editorializing their program
descriptions in response to some of the proposals they have received
and the success of the proposals they have actually funded, which also
gives some added insight.
One thing that I have noticed for several years is that the advanced
data mining and automated intelligence analysis research programs have
been essentially stalled for many years now despite aggressive
marketing and a large number of agencies willing to liberally fund
proposals.  And the editorializing of the program managers on this
research track makes it clear that they are quite frustrated both with
the lack of progress in this area and with the fact that research
proposals keep trying to beat the same dead horse over and over.
Furthermore, while most programs have a shelf-life after which they are
either closed (both on good progress or no progress), these particular
programs keep getting extended and re-funded over and over, sometimes
under a different name but always with roughly the same parameters.
As long as this program track is stuck in neutral, the intelligence
agencies will have serious problems that will be all but
insurmountable.  The US intelligence service is a victim of its own
ability to acquire data.  This isn't a problem that they can simply
throw money at in the sense that it requires pretty substantial
algorithm breakthroughs to even be tractable for high-quality analysis.
 To date, private research organizations have clearly been unable to
solve this problem in any meaningful way, and there is substantial
evidence of this fact.  In the mean time, they are left using narrow
brittle algorithms to sift and analyze the data, with holes you could
drive a truck (bomb) through.
Someone who fully understood the theoretical limitations and likely
implementation parameters of the current state-of-the-art could likely
defeat the automated analysis.  Fortunately for the intelligence
agencies, few people have those skills and they get by on a pretty
broken system hampered further by institutional problems.
j. andrew rogers
FoRK mailing list
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2004-10-27 10:36:38
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [FoRK] Google buys Keyhole 
I've been sitting on this story for weeks, and I was looking forward to
this morning because there is a lot about this deal that is worth
talking about, particularly with regard to how this fits into Google's
portfolio.  Even though I knew about the deal, I have no clue as to the
reasoning why Google bought them.  All the talk about them being a "map
provider" is a bit of nonsense, since Keyhole is a hell of a lot more
than a map provider.  If they wanted maps they could have gone to the
source, since it isn't like Keyhole creates their own map data --
Keyhole is more of a data integrator.
Salient points:
- Keyhole is fussy Windows-only client software (something that won't
change soon), which appears to be a departure from Google's normally
web-centric applications.
- Keyhole can consume some serious bandwidth, and isn't really something
that will scale to average home use (in many different ways) without
wholesale re-architecting of the system.
- Keyhole has terabytes of very interesting databases, many of which are
not public.  For example, the US DoD has become fond of using Keyhole to
process all sorts of reconnaissance, intelligence, and battle planning
data.  And more Federal agencies and foreign governments are moving to
do the same.
I've maintained for some time that Google is very aggressively trying to
position themselves as a very deep data-mining operation, and are
facilitating that by arranging that as much data as possible flow
through their systems.  I've stated in the past that they have the
potential to be super-evil, if only because of the access they are being
granted to vast ranges of data, which many people seem more than happy
to grant.  From that perspective, I find the above points worrisome.
It will be very interesting to see what they do with this.
j. andrew rogers
FoRK mailing list
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2007-05-07 23:01:29
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [FoRK] PubSub 2.0 
That could happen.
Thankfully, a significant percentage of everyone involved is  demanding a strong digital signature framework to be de facto  mandatory, something which I personally strongly support.  It is  optional, but there are enough people lucid enough to not want to re- invent SMTP poorly who are willing to argue that case that it will  probably minimize spam opportunities in implementation.  What that  looks like in practice is hard to say, but I think digital signatures  will be standard fare for mandatory feeds.  However, that does not  prevent upstream digital signature folks like the telcos from whoring  their certs and channel to anyone with cash.  It is very desirable  advertising real estate.
This is being implemented in most countries by regulatory fiat.  To  the extent that I have influence on the process, I have been a strong  advocate of a useful digital signature framework for ascertaining  source authority (and filterinig on that basis) at a minimum, and  potentially much stricter profiles.  We'll see what it really looks  like in five or ten years.  The people that want no cryptographic  controls at all ("because it is simple") are in the minority.
J. Andrew Rogers
FoRK mailing list

@_date: 2009-09-14 21:10:49
@_author: J. Andrew Rogers 
@_subject: [FoRK] moar change we can believe in! 
Oddly, I've never had to deal with RFID sensors, but an important  point is that the vast number of exploitable sensor networks were  never rolled out or designed with any use in mind except very narrow  and purely benign cases. It is the ability to aggregate and integrate  these myriad special-purpose sensor networks that no one would ever  consider to be Big-Brother-esque that creates the most potential.
Mobile phones are a great source, though I think you overestimate the  extent to which they are regulated for privacy, but  you could  eliminate directly monitoring mobile phones at the source without  significantly reducing the amount of information available. Mobile  phones are the most visible source, but far from a necessary one.
More accurately, the perceived threat is that it creates opportunities  for people *other* than the entrenched interests.
Defining "data about me" is damn tricky, and anything that remains is  susceptible to esoteric analytics that can extract "data about me".
That is not the definition of a fair market.  Also, what is germane  information with respect to a market is very much in the eye of the  beholder. One man's crap data is another man's gold mine.
FoRK mailing list
