
@_date: 2011-06-16 14:57:52
@_author: andre76@fastmail.fm 
@_subject: [tor-talk] US Senators Seek to Crackdown on Bitcoin 
Bitcoin fails on point 1 above as the market place and suppliers of the
unit of exchange (money) can determine quantity and not some stupid
computer.  That's exactly what the Federal Reserve is doing now with
their "quantitative easing" (inflation) methods.  Bitcoin fails on point 2 above as someone will be able to figure out how
to counterfeit a digital quantity.  Let's see you counterfeit a 1 ounce
Gold or Silver piece.
Bitcoins are worthless and have no value.
Here's an article about Bitcoin from LewRockwell.com
June 9, 2011
Bitcoin: Just Another Bogus Medium of Exchange
Posted by David Kramer on June 9, 2011 03:00 PM
I'm sure by now many of you have heard about Bitcoin. The fact that it's
called "virtual currency" gives you an idea about its actual value as a
real medium of exchange. While many people who are touting it on
Facebook are enamored with the fact that it was voluntarily created by
the marketplace (i.e., is not forced down our throats by a private
central bank), I'm afraid that those people are losing sight of how a
real medium of exchange arises in a free market. A medium of exchange
arises from something that had a material use/value in the market prior
to becoming a medium of exchange, i.e., it was also a good being bartered for other goods and services. Over the centuries, the
commodities gold and silver won out as the two most preferred mediums of
exchangebwith gold holding the number one position due to its being more
scarce than silver.
What was Bitcoin's prior material use/value? Zero. It is just bits in a
computer. And what's with the "fixed" amount of Bitcoins? Who/what
determined the "proper" amount of 21 million for Bitcoins to top out at?
A computer program? (Next we'll find out what the proper minimum wage
should be.) Only the free market can voluntarily determine how much of a
real medium of exchange is needed in the marketplace over time. While
the idea of  attempting to get rid of the Bankster monopoly on creating
money out of thin air is commendable, Bitcoin is also money created out
of thin air. Bitcoin is just substituting one bogus medium of exchange
for another.
UPDATE: I've been getting a lot of reader response trying to "explain"
to me the economic virtues of Bitcoin. Some responders have even
mistakenly used Austrian economics to rationalize their views. I would
suggest that before you write to me about the Austrian economics view of
a medium of exchange, you should read the two books by one of the two
giants of Austrian economics, Murray Rothbard, on what a medium of
exchange is. Here is the pdf for Rothbard's What Has Government Done to
Our Money and here is the pdf for Rothbard's The Case Against the Fed.
For those of you who have not yet read any Austrian economics, please do
not waste your time writing to me trying to explain the "scientific"
breakthrough of the bogus Bitcoin computer program. (There already was a
REAL digital currency, e-gold, that was backed by a real commodity until
the Federalistas shut it down. Eventually, Bitcoin will be shut down too
because of its anonymity capabilities.)
 Check out Mises.org of and search for more information about money and
 what it is.
