
@_date: 1993-09-07 10:56:40
@_author: Andrew Corradini/SBDC 
@_subject: Just the faq, jack 
Hiya, and ad-apologies-vance if this is patently obvious...
Just subscribed, and was hoping to find an ftp site associated with the
maillist, any faq-like information, whatever...
Andrew Corradini
asc7556 at u.cc.utah.edu

@_date: 1993-09-08 14:52:04
@_author: Andrew Corradini/SBDC 
@_subject: Interested in setting up (or joining!) local group in Utah. 
Having been recently acquainted with cypherpunkography, I have been rolling
around the idea of setting up a local group rather like the original in Cal.
Lest ye laugh, Utah happens to be a heckuva place to worry about privacy,
intrusion, et al...although it comes from both having a fairly silly state
government (they're finally trying to strike down a law which automatically
invalidates any marriage in which one of the partners has AIDS..., fer example),
and the fact that many here feel that the aura of the Mormon church is somewhat
weighty -- no comment either way, just pointing it out...
ANYWAY, if there are any other cypherUtahns on the list interested in getting
together monthly or so for an evening of pizza, beer, Jolt, milk, potentially
subversive activity, and cookies (wonder if the NSA monolith dropped a flag on
that one ;-) ... drop me a line. I know of at least 4 very talented and
potentially committable persons who'd also be highly interested. My girlfriend,
OTOH, will most likely roll her eyes, call me a geek, and head for the shoe
department at Nordstrom.
Also of potential interest, my BBS has a couple of areas on cryptography, other
"Sneakers"-type issues, as well as VR, cyberspace, and programming. Drop by
sometime: SENSE/NET (801) 364-6227  2400-9600
asc7556 at u.cc.utah.edu
NOTE: my opinions are too silly to be shared by my employer.

@_date: 1993-09-12 11:58:23
@_author: Andrew Corradini/SBDC 
@_subject: Let's stick to the topic, folks... 
For purely practical reasons, could we all please try to limit stuff that'd
end up on soda.berkeley.edu in the "rants" directory? ;-)
This is a MAILING LIST, not a newsgroup, and some of us have pretty limited
space available. Debating constitutional issues, splitting hairs over the
difference between libertarianism and anarchism (let ALONE "strong" vs. "weak"
anarchy!) is best done in an alt.politics-type setting, no? I didn't subscribe
to the list to see 7-level-deep nested quotes arguing over whether anarchy is
fundamentally unstable; I suspect most others on the list didn't either. As I understood, and understand, the thrust of the group deals with the
TECHNOLOGY and TECHNIQUES involved in the application of cryptography to
privacy-related issues and the free distribution of "information", whether dirty
pictures, money, or a poem you just wrote to your loved one.
NOT the philosophy.
Please, for bandwidth's sake, would people please take their back-n-forth's.... *private*?! ;-)  (pun fully intended)
(deep breath, relax shoulder tension, stepping down from soapbox)
Thanks, y'all. I feel much better now.

@_date: 1993-09-13 00:28:34
@_author: Andrew Corradini/SBDC 
@_subject: WACO: FBI & BATF used *flamethrower*?! 
Oddly enough, this distribution, then, violates Mr. Cheshire's copyright.
'Spose that's one reason the author used the anonymous service.
Unfortunately, not too many people think that protecting the rights of
someone who created original written work is unreasonable government
intrusion. I think even the FF's believed in intellectual property rights.
etc. etc., lots of "our gubment was doing something Wrong".
Can someone tell me, please, what the HELL this has to do with
cryptography, privacy, digital signatures, digital cash, or ANYTHING
except a particular political discussion? BLOODY NOTHING, that's what. If
I wanted to receive messages about police and military ethics (or idiocy),
I'd subscribe to a bazillion newsgroups like alt.talk.politics,
alt.conspiracy, etc. NOT THIS ONE!
Suppose that's another reason the poster used the anonymous server.
Like I said, folks, topics exist for a reason. This post was so far off
the mark as to be obvious even to the most dyslexic Prozac-addict in
southern California. PLEASE don't clutter up newsgroups with stuff that
don't belong. Note that it was grabbed from alt.activism -- where it DOES
belong ... and should have stayed.
(NOTE: can anyone else think of a GOOD reason for it to have been anon'd? ;-)
Makes you wish for an anon service that detects bull-headedness and blind
idealism -- and nukes it.
