
@_date: 2006-01-05 09:31:30
@_author: Andy Oram 
@_subject: The connection between NSA wiretapping and telephone 
industry concentration
   Andy Oram
   Jan. 05, 2006 06:20 AM
   I have reported in detail, in a companion blog, about an [95]
   public forum on NSA wiretapping. Here I'll report on one
   technology-related aspect of particular interest to me: the
   of the telephone companies, which has not been played up in the
   All the warrantless wiretapping we've recently heard about required
   help from the telephone companies and Internet service providers.
   These companies knew they were not only aiding the government in
   breaking the law, but were themselves violating terms of service for
   their customers--and in the case of telephone companies, also
   the law. One law mentioned at the public form (and submitted
years ago
   by the forum's moderator, Congressman Ed Markey) forbids cell phone
   companies from revealing the location of cell phone users--except
   a court warrant.
   In fact, the NSA wiretapping scandal represents one of the largest
   conspiracies in recent years: a conspiracy between telephone
   and the government to defraud Americans out of our Fourth Amendment
   rights.
   Pertaining to this is the issue of industry concentration--the death
   of small phone companies and the mergers of larger ones into
   behemoths--which was also one of the goals of the Bush
   pursued with determination by Michael Powell as FCC chair.
   for competition set up in the Telecom Act of 1996, and enforced by
   relatively even-handed regulations passed by earlier FCCs, were
   systematically weakened and discarded under Bush. (For some history,
   see an [96]earlier blog of mine.
   Admittedly, it's hard for any company to buck a demand from law
   enforcement. The PATRIOT Act's secrecy provisions (when the FBI
   approaches you, you can't even publicize the very fact that they
   done so) leaves the impression that you'll be prosecuted for going
   public with government misbehavior, and thus contributes to the
   growing unaccountability of government. A few Internet service
   providers have done challenged illegal wiretaps, but not enough to
   establish the pattern we now see in the wiretap scandal.
   Overwhelmingly, the phone companies and ISPs just went along.
   One might argue that the pressure would have been even stronger if
   ISPs and phone companies were smaller, but size obviously hasn't
   helped them put up any resistance. Believe me, if we had an industry
   of scrappy Mom-and-Pop providers like in the 80s and 90s, word about
   this civil liberties horror would have come out sooner.
   Andy Oram is an editor for O'Reilly Media, specializing in Linux
   and free software books, and a member of Computer Professionals for
   Social Responsibility. His web site is    Weblog authors are solely responsible for the content and
accuracy of
    their weblogs, including opinions they express, and O'Reilly Media,
   Inc., disclaims any and all liabililty for that content, its
                        and opinions it may contain.
     This work is licensed under a [103]Creative Commons License.
  95.   96.  103. You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2007-01-13 08:06:01
@_author: Andy Oram 
@_subject: Data for those who have the power to request it 
Because the subtleties of privacy legislation are a popular
topic on your IP list, readers might be interested in a
paragraph buried in today's AP report on the bombing of the
US embassy in Athens (I found it in my local paper):
The paragraph with the privacy implications reads:
   The government said it was seeking permission from the
   courts to view video from traffic cameras, which under
   Greek privacy laws is officially excluded from the police
   investigation.
Although I'd like to see the bombers caught, I'm leary of
the tendency to stretch information systems beyond their
intended uses. There's also an important imbalance of power
involved. If the police and US embassy get their way, it
will show that powerful forces can bend privacy laws--but
other people can't. If I come to my parked car and find a
dent in it, will I pursuade the courts to let me look at
traffic photos?
And even if information is open to all (if anyone could go
on the Web and view footage from traffic cameras) this would
benefit governments and large companies over
individuals--whoever has the power to act on information.
I've written about this before:
in the section "Technology Is Not the Problem--Power Is."
