
@_date: 2011-04-06 23:07:53
@_author: Anne Roth 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Internet censorship law stopped in Germany 
Rather unexpectedly the German government decided to dump a law that was
long fought over: it introduced censoring child pornography websites
rather than legally closing them down.
This is a major success of the German movement for a free internet, and
probably a also a result of current turmoils in the liberal-conservative
government coalition - nobody expected that decision to be made at this
See also:
*Deleting trumps blocking in fight against online child porn*
After a year of using mixed tactics to combat the spread of child
pornography online, politicians from the governing coalition in Germany
have agreed that deleting child porn sites works better than simply
blocking them.
Leading figures in Germany's governing coalition agreed on Tuesday to
permanently adopt a policy of deleting online child pornography sites
from the internet rather than simply blocking them.
A law from the previous coalition of Christian Democrats (CDU) and
Social Democrats stated that Germany would fight the spread of child
porn on the internet by blocking sites with pornographic content
involving children.
The current CDU-Free Democrats (FDP) coalition believes deleting the
sites is a better way to solve the problem and had previously announced
it would test out the policy over the course of one year. Now, the old
policy is to be lifted and the new one implemented.
The FDP was against merely blocking material because the party believed
that could open the door to wider censorship on the internet.
"Blocking online content is something that rightly elicits mistrust and
challenges," said the FDP's Justice Minister Sabine
She said the FDP had convinced the CDU that "deleting forbidden material
like child-pornographic content is really the best and most effective way."

@_date: 2012-04-20 00:31:06
@_author: Anne Roth 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Riseup had a server seized by the US Federal 
Server Seizure, April 2012
April 18th, 2012, Riseup had a server seized by the US Federal  Authorities. This is our press release.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
FBI seizes server providing anonymous remailer and many other services  from colocation facility.
- Riseup Networks, Devin Theriot-Orr, 206-708-8740, sunbird at riseup.net
- May First/People Link, Jamie McClelland, 917-509-5734, jm at mayfirst.org
- ECN: Isole Nella Rete, inr at riseup.net
Attack on Anonymous SpeechB6
On Wednesday, April 18, at approximately 16:00 Eastern Time, U.S. Federal authorities removed a server from a colocation facility shared by Riseup Networks and May First/People Link in New York City. The seized server was operated by the European Counter Network (bECNb), the oldest independent internet service provider in Europe, who, among many other things, provided an anonymous remailer service, Mixmaster, that was the target of an FBI investigation into the bomb threats against the University of Pittsburgh.
bThe company running the facility has confirmed that the server was  removed in conjunction with a search warrant issued by the FBI,b said May First/People Link director Jamie McClelland. bThe server seizure is not only an attack against us, but an attack against all users of the Internet who depend on anonymous communication.b
Disrupted in this seizure were academics, artists, historians, feminist  groups, gay rights groups, community centers, documentation and software  archives and free speech groups. The server included the mailing list  bcyber rightsb (the oldest discussion list in Italy to discuss this  topic), a Mexican migrant solidarity group, and other groups working to  support indigenous groups and workers in Latin America, the Caribbean and Africa. In total, over 300 email accounts, between 50-80 email lists, and several other websites have been taken off the Internet by this action. None are alleged to be involved in the anonymous bomb threats.
bThe FBI is using a sledgehammer approach, shutting down service to  hundreds of users due to the actions of one anonymous person,b said Devin Theriot-Orr, a spokesperson for Riseup. bThis is particularly misguided because there is unlikely to be any information on the server regarding the source of the threatening emails.b
bWe sympathize with the University of Pittsburgh community who have had to deal with this frightening disruption for weeks. We oppose such  threatening actions. However, taking this server wonbt stop these bomb  threats. The only effect it has is to also disrupt e-mail and websites for thousands of unrelated people,b continues Mr. Theriot-Orr. bFurthermore, the network of anonymous remailers that exists is not harmed by taking this machine. So we cannot help but wonder why such drastic action was taken when authorities knew that the server contained no useful information that would help in their investigation.b
The FBI purportedly seized the server because it was hosting an anonymous remailer called Mixmaster. Anonymous remailers are used to send email anonymously, or pseudonymously. Like other anonymizing services such as the Tor network, these remailers are widely used to protect the identity of human rights activists who place themselves and their families in grave danger by reporting information about abuses. Remailers are also important for corporate whistle blowers, democracy activists working under repressive regimes, and others to communicate vital information that would otherwise go un-reported.
The Mixmaster software is specifically designed to make it impossible for anyone to trace the emails. The system does not record logs of  connections, details of who sent messages, or how they were routed. This  is because the Mixmaster network is specifically designed to resist  censorship, and support privacy and anonymity. Unfortunately, some people misuse the network. However, compared to the rate of legitimate use, the abuse rate is very low. There is therefore no legitimate purpose for the FBI to seize this server because they will not be able to obtain any information about the sender. This is plainly extra-judicial punishment and an attack on free speech and anonymity on the internet and serves as a chilling effect on others providers of anonymous remailers or other anonymous services.
In absence of any other leads, the FBI needs to show that they are making progress in this case, and this has meant seizing a server so they can proudly demonstrate they are taking some action. But what this incident shows is they are grasping at straws and are willing to destroy innocent bystanders for the sake of protecting their careers.
About the organizations involvedB6
MayFirst/People Link (mayfirst.org) is a politically-progressive  member-run and controlled organization that redefines the concept of  bInternet Service Providerb in a collective and collaborative way. May  First/People Linkbs members are organizers and activists who elect a  Leadership Committee to direct the organization. Like a coop, members pay dues, buy equipment and then share that equipment for websites, email, email lists, and other Internet purposes.
Riseup Networks (riseup.net) provides online communication tools for  people and groups working on liberatory social change. Riseup creates  democratic alternatives and practices self-determination by controlling  our own secure means of communications.
ECN (European Counter Network b ecn.org) is the oldest independent service provider in Europe providing free email accounts, mailing lists, and websites to organizations, activists, and movements that are involved in human rights, freedom of speech and information in Italy and Europe. ECN is anti-fascist and works towards a just and equal society. Years ago, before sites like Youtube and Vimeo existed, ECN created a platform called NGV where people could upload and share independent video of human rights violations. Nowadays ECN works primarily with anti-fascist and anti-Nazi movements in all of Europe, providing space and resources to political and social centers.
Questions / further readingB6
Q: Doesnbt Mixmaster/anonymous remailers enable criminals to do bad things?
A: Criminals can already do bad things. Since theybre willing to break  laws, they already have lots of options available that provide better  privacy than mixmaster provides. They can steal cell phones, use them, and throw them in a ditch; they can crack into computers in Korea or Brazil and use them to launch abusive activities; they can use spyware, viruses, and other techniques to take control of literally millions of Windows machines around the world.
Mixmaster aims to provide protection for ordinary people who want to  follow the law. Only criminals have privacy right now, and we need to fix Some advocates of anonymity explain that itbs just a tradeoff b accepting the bad uses for the good ones b but therebs more to it than that. Criminals and other bad people have the motivation to learn how to get good anonymity, and many have the motivation to pay well to achieve it. Being able to steal and reuse the identities of innocent victims (identify theft) makes it even easier. Normal people, on the other hand, donbt have the time or money to spend figuring out how to get privacy online. This is the worst of all possible worlds.
So yes, criminals could in theory use mixmaster, but they already have  better options, and it seems unlikely that taking mixmaster away from the world will stop them from doing bad things. At the same time, mixmaster and other privacy measures can fight identity theft, physical crimes like stalking, and so on. (
Q: How does Mixmaster / Anonymous remailers work?
A: Anonymous remailers work by connecting to other anonymous remailers in a chain, and every one in that chain removes the mail header information making it impossible to find the real sender. The Tor project maintains a list of typical users of this and other anonymity systems, and the Mixmaster home page
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-10-03 12:51:19
@_author: Anne Roth 
@_subject: [liberationtech] German police monitors Skype, 
The German government a while ago answered questions about expenditures
by the federal ministry of home affairs for private service providers b
hardly noticed by the English speaking world. The parlamentary enquiry
(bMinor interpellationb) no. 17/10077 by Jan Korte, MP of The Left
party, has now been translated into English.
The answers were far more detailed than one would expect.
Therebs 43 pages (this includes questions), 20 of which are tables that
list who was contracted, how much money was paid, what for and how each
paid item was used.
The German ministry for home affairs and thus the German police clearly
state that they are monitoring Skype, Google Mail, MSN Hotmail, Yahoo
Mail and Facebook chat if deemed necessary. Money is spent on trojan
viruses and we can be quite certain which company produces the IMSI
catchers used by German police. We know how much money was spent by the
Federal Police on border control biometrics, on passenger information
systems and telecommunications surveillance. Digitask, a company whose
reputation was clearly damaged after its trojan virus was found and
analysed by the Chaos Computer Club in 2011, seems to still be a regular
contractor of German authorities. Altogether more than a billion Euro
was spent on private services by German police and other public
authorities in the realm of the ministry of home affairs in the years
2002 b 2012.
A slightly longer version of this plus the pdf can be found here:

@_date: 2012-10-12 00:49:49
@_author: Anne Roth 
@_subject: [liberationtech] One year later: German police unable to develop bstate trojanb 
One year after the Chaos Computer Club found and analysed an illegal
trojan virus used by German police, the so-called bstate trojanb, and
one year after the German Federal Minister of Justice, Sabine
Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger had promised btotal transparency and
clarificationb German police still donbt have an alternative to relying
on software by private companies for the infiltration of computers.
Recent answers of the interior ministry to questions by Jan Korte, MP
Left party, clearly state that the ministry one year later is still
lacking the capacity to do as promised: to develop a software for lawful
interception that complies with a decision by Germanybs Federal
Constitutional Court.
(The original German document can be downloaded here
- no official translation into English yet)
The original bstate trojanb by Digitask did far more than what is
allowed by German law:
"The Chaos Computer Club (CCC) has recently received a newer version of
the bStaatstrojanerb, a government spyware. The comparison with the
older version, already analyzed by the CCC with the actual Sniffer-code
from December 2010, revealed new evidence. Despite the claims of the
responsible parties, the Trojan can still be remote-controlled, loaded
with any code and also the allegedly brevision-proof loggingb can be
manipulated. (CCC, 26 Oct 2011)"
Also see "Several German states admit to use of controversial spy
software"  (Deutsche Welle).
The German minister of the Interior, Hans-Peter Friedrich, then promised
that the software was going to be produced in-house.
The new replies by the ministry prove him wrong:
    "The software by DigiTask GmbH that was used in the past for
computer surveillance (lawful interception) is not currently being used
by federal public authorities anymore.
    The software that will be used for computer surveillance will be
developed by a competence centre established within the Federal Criminal
Police Office. It will be safeguarded that the source code will be
audited regarding its range of functions by qualified experts. It will
also be accessible for the relevant authorities for data protection
(among others the Federal Commissioner for Data Protection).
    For the time until the afore mentioned in-house development is
completed the Federal Criminal Police Office is preparing a commercial
interim solution. The source code of that software has to undergo
extensive audits with respect to the demands by the Federal
Constitutional Court. (my translation, A.R.)"
In a reply to the second question by MP Korte the ministry states that
it doesnbt know whether software by DigiTask or other commercial
developers designed for lawful interception is being used by state
police forces in Germany. Further details are classified and only
accessible to MP Korte.
The spokesman on domestic policy of Angela Merkels conservative party in
parliament, Hans-Peter Uhl, commented:
"The development of a software by the Federal Criminal Office is
presumably going to take months if not years. We may even have to
ruefully admit that we lack the capability completely."
