
@_date: 2003-04-23 13:15:10
@_author: anonymous@panta-rhei.dyndns.org 
@_subject: New Lawsuit from JimB 
Yes: we will be posting his new address shortly, along with the name and address of his family doctor.

@_date: 2003-09-14 02:26:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Killing the persecutors of "Extreme Associates" 
Prosecutors, U.S. Attorneys and Attorneys General who seek to throw people
in prison for half a century for the "crime" of producing a porn movie with
the "wrong" type of storyline all need to be gang-raped to the theme of
_The O'Reilly Factor_ by large-penised men, before having themselves, their
families and their children doused with jet fuel and burned alive, September
11th style.
"'Shall make no law' means _NO LAW_. Got it, bitch?"
If not, perhaps somebody should take a Sharpie, use it to write out the
relevant text of the First Amendment on a piece of plain white paper, affix
it to a baseball bat with tape or another suitable adhesive, and then smash
aforementioned baseball bat over the heads of these U.S. Attorneys and high-
ranking "Justice" Department officials until they either get the idea, or
get their skulls crushed to such a degree that bloodied brain tissue ends up
splattered all over the walls of their offices.
Robert Zicari and Janet Romano should seriously consider putting out contracts
on the heads of some Feds.

@_date: 2004-03-26 11:44:22
@_author: Anonymous via panta 
@_subject: corporate vs. state 
What exactly do you mean when you say that the club "as an entity" commits an act?  That the club/corporation assembled its members into some kind of Voltron super-mecha-bot, which went on a rampage through the rainforests of Tokyo?
A corporation is not a physical entity.  It is abstract, a name for a group of people.  A corporation can no more act as an entity, than "cybershamanix.com" or "Islam" or "the cypherpunk movement".  Employees or members of those groups can act; people can claim to act "in the name of" those groups.  But that is not the same thing as the group itself acting as an entity.
What you really mean is that if some employees of a corporation commit a crime, you'd like to see the other employees punished also.  Guilt by association.
Many in the US government are pushing the idea that an abstract entity is a concrete being that can commit crimes and be punished.  And not just the War On Terror; all these "conspiracy to provide material support" and "jihad training" charges are about building a case against some arbitrary group, and then arguing that the accused is liable for crimes committed by others associated with that group.
When Tim May puts three rounds in the base of Bob Hettinga's geodesic skull, the feds kicking in your door will tell you that The Cypherpunks did it.  Be sure to remind them that you deserve equal punishment.
"limited liability" doesn't shield employees or agents of a company from punishment for crimes they commit.  It serves to prevent one employee from being punished for the actions of another.
