
@_date: 1997-08-13 14:26:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A peculiar notion 
"Central government spending had
                soared from less than 2 percent of the economy's total
                output to well over 20 percent in 1865, approximately
                what the central government spends today.
                     "It is hard to decide from which angle that statistic
                is more astonishing: that government spending rose
                from such infinitesimal lows to today's heights in four
                years, or that today federal authorities regularly spend
                during peacetime as much as they did during the
                country's most devastating war."  -- Jeffrey Rogers
                Hummel

@_date: 1997-08-15 01:25:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis (was Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses)) 
There's no cowardice to it, dumbass.  Our founding fathers and others wrote things anonymously.  I guess they're cowards?
If so, then burn in hell, Nazi scum-sucking weasel!

@_date: 1997-08-15 20:35:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis (was Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses)) 
According to you, remailer using people are cowards.  So quite frankly, why the hell are you helping remailers if you get so pissed at people using them?
Sounds like you don't have your priorities straight.
If that's what you think of the blessed gift of anonymity, then, quite frankly, FUCK YOU.  Theres's nothing childish about using remailers, and if you think otherwise, then stop making them!
I think they might even join in the fun.
Have a nice day, remailer hating Nazi.

@_date: 1997-08-15 21:04:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis (was Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses)) 
FWIW, those murdering bastards got off the hook, because the jury believed they were "good soldiers", and I thought "Goodness must now mean how many innocents you kill while waiting to shoot a stoned Mexican carrying a bag of pot walking across the border.
Hell, why not just declare martial law!?  If were going to use marines as police, what next?  The war on Goat-Herding Cartels!?!?!?
I myself have never heard of a bunch of Heavily armed mexicans running over the border with explosives, automatic weapons, and Molotov Cocktails burning down houses, shooting marines, or blowing up buildings.
"There's something wrong when we replay prohibition and kill innocents in the process."

@_date: 1997-08-15 22:19:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis (was Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses)) 
Actually, I learned to read in Kindergarten, and can still read nicely.  I just don't contradict myself.
Funny that other cypherpunks don't try to censor me.  Most just delete crap that they don't want to read.  So what's your story?
Bullshit I did.  You speak lowly of remailer users, but you make and run remailers, or at least, you ran remailers.
Knee-deep in your censorous Nazi rectum with muskets, you Hitlerist bigoting bastard.
So in addition to being too coward to run remailers, you are also a censorous little prick, eh?  Don't tell me what to do, you fascist liar.
At least I'm not an inspiration for birth control, like you, Patty.  I'm surprised that your family didn't disown you at the first sign of a head coming out.
We need less Censor-happy Nazi cowards like you on this planet.

@_date: 1997-08-15 22:28:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis 
HAHAHAHA!!!!  Do you sodomize people with plungers since you're a cop?  Kick the crap out of any potsmokers today??  I think your ego's so big it's going to give you back problems when you get older.
Translated: I can't, I'm... I'm... a remailer hating coward!!! (sob sob)

@_date: 1997-08-15 22:38:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis 
The Platypus blithered this out:
If anything, flaming Anonymously is good, since you can say anything you damn well please without a care.  It relieves stress.

@_date: 1997-08-16 02:14:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fascism at Work 
The bodies of Weaver's son and wife should be evidence enough!  This is the same verdict as the Texas Border murders, some dick federal agent blows away some innocent civilian, and gets off the hook.
To those who say government workers aren't above the law: You're wrong.  Damn wrong.  Almost any of these pricks can kill your children and/or wife, and get away with it.  If anyone bumps these assholes off, I'm gonna applaud.
The only appropriate action is death to the murdering bastards who shot his wife and kid.  Kill the murdering sons of bitches!
Dead bodies don't just *happen*, someone makes them dead, in this case, the FBI schills who blew away innocents.  That makes them guilty as sin, and for that, they should die slowly, and painfully.
Someone, please, put some bullet holes in FBI Agents if they ever come to your house.  Someone needs to teach these bastards a lesson.
It seems that everything like this happens because some agency fucks something up.  Waco happened because the BATF ran in like dumbasses and fucked everything up.  At Ruby Ridge, some FBI dick screws up, killing Mr. Weaver's child and wife.  At the Texas B!
order, they blew away a kid with a .22 rifle, while on "Drug Patrol".  What's should be done about these incidents?  Kil those who participated, and make sure to shoot to kill if some agents from a TLA come to YOUR house.
And they wonder why McVeigh said "Enough!"
"There's somthing wrong when innocent people die because of fascist use of military forces."

@_date: 1997-08-17 16:34:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No charges for Ruby Ridge murderers 
Randy Weaver was a white SEPARATIST, not a white supremacist. The
media is somehow capable of getting the separatist vs. supremacist
when it comes to Louis Farrakhan, but not for Randy Weaver. Randy
may well be, privately, a white supremacist. I think it's very likely,
and even more likely that Farrakhan is a black supremacist, but no
media person has ever pointed to a statement suppporting white
SUPREMACY, as opposed to separation, by Weaver. They continue in
their leftwing racist lies because they are biased, as a whole, against
"evil" white males. Sad that they can't use truth as a standard instead
of lies, since the truth is bad enough.
The available evidence did, however, support a multimillion dollar
verdict for Weaver. Sometimes, it's so wonderful being a taxpayer
I have to break down and cry...

@_date: 1997-08-18 01:15:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Armed and dangerous 
August 15, 1997
Armed and dangerous
Federal agencies expanding use of firepower
Related Items
Joseph Farah's Between the Lines
Which major agencies carry firearms
Where the increases have occurred
All 32 federal agencies packing heat
By Sarah Foster
During the late morning of January 14, 1997, 20 heavily armed federal
agents and local sheriff's deputies descended from a military helicopter
onto rocky Santa Cruz Island off the California coast. As snipers moved
into position along the ridge tops to secure the perimeter of the attack
area, other agents staged dynamic entries into the buildings -- rousting
15-year-old Crystal Graybeel who was sleeping late in her cabin.
"They started screaming, 'Put your hands where we can see them.' They
unzipped my sleeping bag. I had to get face down on the floor and they
handcuffed me," the teenager said. She recalled the intruders wore ski
masks and carried machine guns. They kept her handcuffed for two hours.
The target of the raid? A 6,500-acre bow-and-arrow hunting ranch, the last
bastion of private property on the island. The raid resulted in three
arrests -- volunteer Rick Berg, 35, and caretakers Dave Mills, 34, and
Brian Krantz, 33 -- on suspicion of robbing Chumash Indian graves and
taking human remains and artifacts, charges they denied.
The agency responsible for all this was not the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco
and Firearms, nor the FBI, nor any other agency typically associated with
such "dynamic entries." This raid was the work of the National Park
Surprised? So were local residents. Though no lives were lost, the raid
inspired a firestorm of protest. "It saddens me that the Park Service has
resorted to Ruby Ridge tactics," said Marla Daily, president of the Santa
Cruz Island Foundation, referring to the September 1992 standoff between
the FBI and Randy Weaver that resulted in the death of Weaver's wife. "This
incident clearly crosses the line," Daily said.
If the use of the Park Service in commando-style operations seems strange,
it shouldn't. At a time when elected legislative bodies from city councils
to Congress -- have been passing laws that restrict the rights of
law-abiding citizens to keep and bear arms, federal agencies within the
executive branch have been quietly authorizing dramatically increased
numbers of armed personnel -- often heavily armed with military-style
assault weapons.
Today, there are nearly 60,000 federal agents trained and authorized to
enforce the over 3,000 criminal laws Congress has passed over the years,
plus the hundreds of thousands of regulations which now carry criminal
"Good grief, that's a standing army," said Larry Pratt of Gun Owners of
America. "It's outrageous."
According to a recent report from the General Accounting Office, as of last
September, the number of law enforcement personnel stood at just under
50,000 -- distributed through 45 agencies -- an increase of about 12,000
agents in 10 years with 2,436 added in 1996 alone. These are full-time
agents, authorized to execute searches, make arrests, and/or carry firearms
"if necessary."
But that number is not complete. When some 7,145 Customs inspectors and 317
Customs Department pilots are added -- all of whom have the above listed
law enforcement powers -- the total is pushing 60,000. Why doesn't the GAO
count them? Not because they aren't armed and dangerous, but because they
have different retirement benefits.
Also, a GAO staff consultant explained that the report doesn't include
contract personnel or personnel from agencies with less than 25 officials
in law enforcement -- which is why some agencies, the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, for example, aren't on the list.
The recent GAO report is the third and final in a series requested by Rep.
Bill McCollum, R-Florida, chairman of the House Subcommittee on Crime, to
gather information on agencies charged with investigating violations of
federal law.
An earlier report, released last year and presenting figures through Sept.
30, 1995, dealt with the 13 biggest agencies -- those with 700 or more
investigative personnel. Not surprisingly, the FBI topped the list with
over 10,000 agents, followed by the INS, Drug Enforcement Administration,
and the U.S. Marshalls Service -- all in the Department of Justice.
Treasury agencies follow -- the Internal Revenue Service, U.S. Secret
Service, Customs, BATF and the Postal Inspection Service. Then the National
Park Service, U.S. Capitol Police, the Naval Criminal Investigative Service
and the Bureau of Diplomatic Security in the State Department.
Some key findings of that report:
* Ten of the 13 agencies employ over 90 percent of all law enforcement
investigative personnel: 38,739.
* Between the end of fiscal years 1987 and 1995, there was a 19 percent
increase in law enforcement personnel in the 13 agencies.
* As of Sept. 30, 1995, the 13 agencies employed about 42,000 investigative
agents. A year later, according to the recent GAO report, it was over
45,000. The pace shows no sign of slackening.
The final report deals with the 32 agencies that employ about 9 percent of
the law enforcement personnel. It's among these 32 that you'll find the
U.S. Fish and Wildlife, EPA's Office of Criminal Enforcement, Forensics and
Training, the Bureau of Land Management's Law Enforcement division and
other law enforcement bodies not usually traditionally with guns.
Yet, the proliferation of firearms is even greater in these agencies: from
a total of 2,471 law enforcement employees in 1987 to 4,204 as of Sept. 30
last year, a 70 percent increase.
But beyond the flat figures loom questions of how agencies are using, or
abusing, the powers they have in everyday law enforcement. Sting operations
and other entrapment tactics, hidden-camera surveillance, phone tapping --
these have become commonplace practices in the name of investigation. So,
too, has the use of dynamic entry teams -- the kind witnessed at Waco and
Ruby Ridge.
David Kopel, director of the free-market Independence Institute in Golden,
Colorado, is an outspoken critic of the usurpation of local and state
police authority by the federal government and the growing use of violence
in law enforcement. According to Kopel, the FBI has 56 SWAT teams that
"specialize in confrontation rather than investigation, even though
investigation is, after all, the very purpose of the bureau."
"Whereas (J. Edgar) Hoover's agents wore suits and typically had a
background in law or accounting, SWAT teams wear camouflage or black ninja
clothing and come from a military background," he said. "They are trained
killers, not trained investigators."
Even worse, other agencies are trying to match "FBI swashbucklers." BATF,
DEA, U.S. Marshalls Service, even the National Park Service and Department
of Health and Human Services -- all have their own SWAT teams.
Contacted by telephone, Kopel said he was "not shocked " at the growing
size of the community of federal law enforcement personnel as reported by
the GAO, "in light of the trends over the past 20 years." "Of course," he
added, "it would have astonished and frightened the authors of our
"There's a continuing imperative (for an agency) to get power, and they'll
come back again and again until they get it," says Eric Sterling, president
of the Washington-based Criminal Justice Policy Foundation and a counsel
for the House Judiciary Committee in the 1980s. Sterling, who describes
himself as a liberal, is particularly alarmed by the arming of agencies
with military weapons, such as machine-guns.
"The machine-gun is an indiscriminate weapon, and is singularly
inappropriate for the FBI and other agencies," he said. "Its use by a
government agency is a horrifying prospect."
In full agreement is Greg Lojein, legislative counsel for the American
Civil Liberties Union. He deplores not only the expansion of the federal
law enforcement, but the lack of constraining mechanisms.
"Local police are subjected to review (by civilian boards), but not federal
agents," he noted. "When the Department of Justice investigates (an agency
incident), the results are not nearly as trustworthy as when an independent
entity investigates. Just ask Richard Jewell about this."
Lojein called attention not only to the procurement of military weapons
themselves, but to the acquisition of heavy equipment such as military
helicopters and tanks as well -- "heavy equipment," he said, "more
characteristic of war than of law enforcement."
"The last thing people want to see is a tank on a city street," he said.
"That's what you expect to see in Bosnia, but not in Boston."
Kopel sees the federalization of law enforcement and the growth of the FBI
as parts of a larger effort to establish a national police force. He cites
in particular the involvement of the FBI in local law enforcement. "Besides
traffic tickets, there aren't many crimes where the FBI isn't involved in
the prosecution," he said.
Eventually, he predicts, federal law enforcement agencies will be merged
--beginning by moving the Treasury agencies under the control of the
Justice Department, as Al Gore has recommended. "But a separation of powers
is at least a small check on the movement towards total police power
consolidation and keeps them from going completely overboard," said Kopel.
Others are concerned that the militarization of the federal government has
already gone too far -- that once-benign agencies have been given
incentives to become armed and dangerous.
The raid at Santa Cruz, for instance, wasn't the first for the Park
Service. It wasn't even the most horrific in terms of outcome. Just one
month after the Weaver debacle at Ruby Ridge, Malibu millionaire Donald
Scott was gunned down in his home in a mid-morning assault involving 14
agencies, including NASA, Immigration and Naturalization Services and the
L.A. County Sheriff's Department. The alleged reason for the attack was
that Scott was suspected of growing marijuana. None was found. There, as at
Santa Cruz Island, the lead agency was the NPS; and there, too, the real
reason was to acquire Scott's estate for the Park Service.
At Santa Cruz, the National Park Service had been trying to obtain the
6,500-acre ranch -- which covers 10 percent of the island. The Nature
Conservancy owns the other 90 percent. The three arrests occurred as the
National Park Service had obtained orders from Congress to seize the ranch.

@_date: 1997-08-18 02:52:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Death to Tyrants (was Re: ASSETS FORFEITURE BILL ON THE MOVE) 
I reckon so.  Anybody here know of a nice place to aquire Automatic Rifles?
On the note of fascist bills, I can't wait to see the next one... The "Feline Rape and Forfeiture" bill, allowing police to steal your cat, detain it, and rape it, if they please.
I believe it's the middle finger.
Lock and load Gentlemen.
"There's something good about several crazed Cypherpunks charging the WhiteHouse with Automatic Rifles."

@_date: 1997-08-19 08:58:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
No shit.
Well, that may be a no shitter.
They're not taking my ass alive, or at all.
It would truly be a day to celebrate.
Just wait until they can read thoughts.  Man, that'll be a sight to see.
Well, since they can't read thoughts yet, that's the best way.
It would be a day to celebrate loudly if someone put a crater in DC.

@_date: 1997-08-20 09:59:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The first days of our last days 
The police are supposed to handle it, or something.  Call 911 here while a criminal shoots your kids, while the ass on the other end asks questions until they hear a shot go off, and silence creep in.
That's why people use firearms.
I ask for the honor of memorizing 1984.
Now they have new Communist/Socialist/Fascist propaganda and other programs around the U.S..  Ever hear of that shit with kids turning in toy rifles, weapons of destruction, for books?  I read books as a child, and still, i had toy rifles.
Of course the kids were spewing out the Usual UN Globalism, totalitarian, and disarmament shit.  "I think dat guns are bad, they kill people."  the question is: What people?  As far as I see it, fascists, and freedom-thefters.
Obvious from the cry of freedom from McVeigh, destroying the minions of the fascists, and of course only being shown as a child killing monster.
Knowing friends of relatives who lived in East germany, they have many stories to tell.
I believe one of americas founders (a faggot, by word of Patrick Oonk, a Nazi) once asked this about britain putting taxes on breathing.  Soon after, we fought back and eventually sent those murdering sons of bitches running.
That day will live in my mind as being the day we all said ENOUGH!!!!
No wonder the suicide rate is up.
Well, we alread have shit like this.
May those cops burn in the pits of hell.
Telescreens?  Thought Police?  Junior Scouts?  Eastasia and Eurasia?  INGSOC, Death-Worship, and Neo-Bolshevism?  How long before we get helicopters looking in windows?  How long before Two-Minutes hate?  How long before we have the Party?  how long before we have the Sex restrictions?  How long before our children become blind followers?  After all, communism's laws are 1. infiltrate the school system 2. sit back and watch. How long before we all become enslaved, without knowing?
Soon.  very Soon.
LOCK AND LOAD.  Shoot to kill.
Sometimes, we fight back, even if there is no hope.  Why?  Because it is better to die on our feet than to live on our knees.
The first days of the last days of freedom are now.
Will we win?  I say yes. Fascists say no.
The war is underway.
"It is better to die on our feet than to live on our knees."

@_date: 1997-08-21 06:10:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Remailers are here to help the weak against the powerful.
I use em 10 times a day.
Damned right.
Good Ideas...  How about publishing how to use remailers and post it to a
high school Bulletin Board?
A many a Christian bunghole forgets that instead of forcing their god down
people's throats, (Tyranny of the MINORITY) they should make an effort to
realize there's such a thing as the real world, were god doesn't matter to
some people.
Yeah, "We gotta protect the children from the pedophiles and cypherpunks!"
I've heard shit like that often from politicians.
Damn right again.
Damn right for the third time.
Which describes my similar views of the growing socialism in America.
If they knock em out, another one just takes over and fills in.  Kinda like
Dynamic Routing.
Heheh, "Take a byte out of Net.fascists"

@_date: 1997-08-21 07:20:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Ahhh, look, the spook speaks.
I would just like to say this:
Kent is a shill.
Let me say it again:
Kent is a shill.
He's so predictable.

@_date: 1997-08-21 14:27:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
librarians are experts in this.  We put a lot of thought and care into
"borderline cases", we agonize over Madonna's Sex and American Psycho.
 That's why the early filters were unacceptable to us.  You may not
like filters, but you have to admit, they have improved a great deal,
offering much finer granularity and configurability than before, and
improving all the time.
are usually quite noble and sincere.
Except they want to censor everyone based on their views, which is
tyranny.  That isn't noble.
nothing to demonize people you disagree with, except to promote fear
and misunderstanding.
I don't misunderstand censors.  They're Nazi bastards who enjoy making
the internet to fit their evil views and intentions, not caring what
the rest of free speechers on the net care.

@_date: 1997-08-22 07:35:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Two words used to describe EVERTHING Zooko is about to say.
What the hell is an "Emotionally stunted man", any way, Zooko?
I don't see what's fanatical about hating a government.
Question, Zooko:
Who the fuck makes gun laws, helps pass censor laws, anti-freedom and
encryption laws, anyway???
We don't *demonize*, we put the blame on the guilty.
Think about this, Zooko:
You are standing, along with your other sheeple, screaming, throwing
objects, at Tim McVeigh, with images of Flag-waving freedom-fighters
(terrorists, by government terms) behind his face.
THAT above should give YOU pause for thought, Zooko.
And that is what most of us feel.
Sacred Jihads who work to overthrow the U.S. government, in order to
establish a more libertarian one?
I consider anyone as being sub-human who bursts through my door, armed
heavily, and with intent to steal my possesions, and my freedom, and
my sovreignity over my house.
And I'm sure you'll be thinking the same thing one day if THEY bust
down YOUR door, and fire at your wife, holding a baby daughter of
If they come at your house with a tank, outside standing, are hundreds
of armed ATF agents.
If they come to steal your wealth, force you from your house, after
seeing your are an enemy of the people, destroy your possesions, and
force you to a concentration camp.
Think about it, Zooko.  Don't close your mind in the shroud of hatred
for those different from you.

@_date: 1997-08-22 14:13:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State Charges in Weaver Case 
Jeez, Ray. If you follow this twisted train of logic, you end up
expecting the President and the Legislature to take responsibility for
the State of the Union.
  Are you some kind of godless Commie, or something? You'll certainly
feel foolish when the FBI lab proves that the trigger was pulled by
a drug dealer who was told to do so by a child molester. It's just a
shame that those poor federal agents had to be there to witness the

@_date: 1997-08-22 14:41:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Key Recovery Solution # 12 / Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: CypherPunk Cults) 
Key Recovery Solution # 12:
  In order to keep the keys safe from the prying eyes of government,
industry could escrow them with a private company like INSLAW.

@_date: 1997-08-22 16:45:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Incoming! / Re: Chiropractic 
That's not his aura, that's tracer bullets, Bill.
  Bill...?
  Bill.......???

@_date: 1997-08-22 17:59:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State Charges in Weaver Case 
After their conviction in State court, we should execute their spouse and child, and then try them again in Federal court.
  A person who never leaves their State can be arrested and charged
for a resident of a different State, with different laws, accessing
the material on h/is/er hard drive.
  Can a State without the death penalty arrest and charge an executioner in a different State, that does have the death penalty, for murdering one of their State's residents?
  Next time I'm on a topless beach in France, can I make a
citizen's arrest on some beautiful babe and have her extradited
to the U.S. to have her charged? (I would probably settle out
of court for some privately arranged Victim Compensation.)
  If someone murders two people, shouldn't they be electrocuted,
resucitated, and then electrocuted again?
  If Willy Clinton left D.C. at 4 p.m. on a train travelling West
at 50/mph, and Louey Freeh left D.C. 2 hours later on a plane
travelling NorthWest at 20/mph, then why would Willy be on a
train, how would Louey's plane get off the ground, and how could
the "single CypherPunk theory" account for...?
  ...uuuhhh. I think I've already said too much.

@_date: 1997-08-23 10:08:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
I've never understood this dumb Christian overlooking of how the world
actually functions.  You don't "stone" people to death anymore,
there's other ways to kill them.  Second, this "Pat Robertson" is a
Something that should be spread, rather than destroyed, but narrow
minded Christians don't seem to get that.
Lead them away from opression, to freedom.  According to this guy, the
people who helped stike down the CDA are devils.
Also, this clearly shows that this man is a Nazi.
Fuck him.  God's word is fascism, hate, narrow-mindedness, and a Big
Brother State.  He can take his bible and shove it up his ass.
Sorry, we own earth, and God doesn't exist.
First of all, this also proves Christians are incabable of making real
world arguments, because they rely so heavily on a 1000-page book
filled with lies.
I'm not going to bother with cryptic messages sent by a god-loving
Mercy?  How merciful is commiting mass-murder because humans don't fit
your bill, god?
Second off, cryptic responses aren't worth a shit in arguments.
The word of the lord is fascism.
No, but I see them all the time in tghe form of men wearing robes with
crosses on them, reading from a 1000-page book of lies.
As i said, they don't lure you away from god, they open your eyes, and
you grow up and stop the nonsense.
That is fascism.  Nazi fascism.
That's a clear violation of my rights, shoot that Christian prick.
Which is fascism.  Nazi fascism.  This loser makes Communism sound
good, considering it outlaws religion.
This post has moved me considerably.  Some parts of his speech
requires a response that words could not adequately describe.
This speech of his outlines in entirety the Christian Agenda. Enslaving, murder of those different, intolerance, fascism.
If Christians try to stone anyone, they should be shot right away.
"Your god is DEAD!!! And no one cares!!! If there is a hell, I'll see
you there!!!!!" - Nine Inch Nails, "Heresy"

@_date: 1997-08-23 12:05:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Welfare Solution #389 
Yeah, the kids no longer have to pay "mall prices" for their heroin.
Let's be *real* here--it means the kids are giving some pervert a blow
job for fifty cents worth of heroin, instead of for twenty dollars worth
of heroin.
  Boy, just talking about this makes me miss my Uncle Jim.

@_date: 1997-08-24 02:49:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Top 10 Ways to Make a Grouchy Old CypherPunk Smile - #10 
Top 10 Ways to Make a Grouchy Old CypherPunk Smile
 Find his shoes for him.
 [This space reserved for T.C. May]

@_date: 1997-08-24 07:17:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Save the Children! 
When I read this post I laughed so hard that I cried.
 When I realized how much it truly reflects the cold, hard facts of
real life, I cried again.
Weeping Willow

@_date: 1997-08-24 09:27:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State-ism vs. FederalismRe: lack of evolutionary pressures (was Re: An end to "court (fwd) 
I agree.
 The States should have the right to declare the word "freedom" an
obscenity. The federal government should not.
 The States should have the right to legalize rape. The federal
government should not.
 The States should have the right to require the citizens to commit
suicide at the age of 40. The federal government should not.
  I'm glad that I could clear this up for everyone. No need to thank me.
The Statist

@_date: 1997-08-24 18:17:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stealth Helicopters 
I was watching a 'crop' in Humbold County, CA, in the early 80's
and was standing near the top of a hill one day when I heard a
slight "whoosh, whoosh" for about three seconds before a helicopter
came over the hill, scaring the living shit out of me.
  I imagine that in the 15 or so years since then, the govt has
managed to make them invisible, as well.
  The Campaign Against Marijuana Production (CAMP) was interesting,
with the Federal government supplying the toys, and the heavily
armed troops consisting of 'volunteers' from various agencies and
  At the time, I wondered if one of the purposes of CAMP was to
enable local law enforcement personnel from around the nation to
do 'male bonding' with Big Brother. Now I believe that history
has proven me correct.
  A varitey of other Federal policies, laws and regulations also
seem aimed at drawing local and regional LEA's into Big Brother's
spreading web.
  The confiscation of drug-related assets, for instance, allows
the LEA's in Louisianna to confiscate the vehicles of a multitude
of out-of-state visitors under the slimmest of pretexes.
  The Feds have basically put local LEA's in their back pocket by
letting them play with their hi-tech toys and sharing the spoils
of the War Against the Citizens.
  One of the people who have had their vehicle wrongfully seized
under the drug-related confiscations laws received the car as a
gift. Now the IRS is still demanding that he pay a 'gift tax' on
the vehicle, even though he only had it for a few days.
  The increasing cooperation between Federal, State and local
LEA's has brought a whole new meaning to the words, "The line
forms to the rear."

@_date: 1997-08-25 02:12:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Drastic crypto crackdown 
Proposed U.S. Rules Would Slow
Encryption Software Downloads
By PETER WAYNER Under a proposed set of rules being circulated by the Commerce
Department, the Clinton Administration is considering regulating
Web servers that allow people to download encryption software.
Among the sites that would be affected are those now operated by
companies like Netscape, Pretty Good Privacy, and Microsoft, all
of which distribute software over the Web. Under the proposed rules,
access to such sites would be more tightly controlled or could
disappear altogether in the future.
The proposed new regulations would be modifications to the Export
Administration Regulations used by the Bureau of Export Affairs in
the Commerce Department to regulate the flow of encryption software
from the United States. The Commerce Department took control of
the regulations at the beginning of 1997 from the State Department
after the software industry pushed for a more responsive bureaucracy.
The version of the regulations being circulated is an interagency
draft, a document designed to give other agencies, like the Federal
Bureau of Investigation or the National Security Agency, the chance
to comment on them. For this reason, Commerce Department refused
to comment until the new rules are published in the Federal Register.
The spokeswoman from the Commerce Department also refused to check
the authenticity of the proposal, a copy of which was given to
CyberTimes by a software industry representative. Several other
industry representatives confirmed that the document was legitimate.
Most of the new regulations involve tuning the details of the
administration's key-recovery plan, which would allow industry to
export software with a built-in back door for the police to use to
gather evidence. For instance, the new regulations would require
key-recovery encryption software to be injected into the message
stream for law enforcement use at least every three hours.
The requirement for Federal approval of a Web server, however, is
buried inside the densely written, virtually impenetrable document,
and the change is not even noted in the executive summary at the
beginning. The new regulation would require that anyone setting up
a Web server offering encryption software seek an "advisory opinion"
from the Bureau of Export Affairs.
The opinions carry no weight in court and only serve as an indication
of the agency's view on the matter at a given moment. A company
could later be prosecuted for exporting software despite receiving
permission in an advisory opinion, although the existence of the
opinion should offer some emotional support with the court.
The purpose of the rule is to force the Web server to take all
prudent steps to ensure that encryption software is not leaving
the country. Currently, companies like Netscape or PGP ask anyone
requesting encryption software to fill out a form certifying that
they were not breaking the law. They also check the destination
domain to ascertain whether the receiving computer was located
within the United States. They could then deliver the software over
the Web without waiting for any government action.
The proposed regulations do not set out any hard and fast guidelines
for a company to meet. They only suggest that sites that allow
encryption downloads include an "access control system either
through automated means or human intervention, (that) checks the
address of every system requesting or receiving a transfer and
verifies that such systems are located within the United States or
When Netscape originally set out to distribute the version of its
browser with high-grade encryption over the Internet, the company
sought the opinion of the State Department, which gave permission
in their version of an advisory opinion. But the new regulations
would effectively force Netscape to shut down its Web servers until
the Commerce Department could rule again -- a process that can take
several months.
This waiting time is what worries companies.  Although Vice President
Al Gore promised that the Commerce Department would reply promptly
to all applications, delays have increased for companies since the
beginning of the year.  Those delays, in turn, stymie widespread
distribution of new software.
This new regulation frustrates Peter Harter, global public policy
counsel at Netscape. "It seems to be inconsistent with the Vice
President's 'do no harm' promise to treat commerce online the same
as commerce for physical stores," Harter said. "I'm not aware of
any procedure that would require retail stores such as Fry's or
Egghead to apply to the Commerce Department."
Netscape depends heavily on electronic distribution to provide its
customers with the latest version of its products. New versions
that fix bugs and plug security holes are made available on the
Web as soon as possible. The regulations are ambiguous enough that
they may require a company to seek separate approval for every new
server it installs.
Kelly Huebner Blough, director of government relations for Pretty
Good Privacy, said:  "When we first release a product, it's available
off the Web. Then a few weeks later you can order a product in a
package." The company currently sells about 15 percent of its new
packages through the Web and it hopes to sell more that way, she
Pretty Good Privacy is also in direct competition with Entrust
Technologies Ltd., a Canadian encryption software company that is
allowed to sell many of its Entrust products throughout the world.
Canadian regulations permit export of full-strength encryption
software to most parts of the world if the software is developed
entirely within Canada.  The company's Web server does check domain
names to detect whether the software might be going to Libya, Iran,
Iraq, Cuba, Angola, Syria, North Korea, France or Singapore.
The software industry worries that the Administration's proposed
regulations will restrict the growth of Internet commerce because
encryption is a crucial tool for secure transactions. While most
software companies do not include encryption technology at this
time, many suggest that its use will continue to grow because
encryption is the best defense against fraud on the Net. Banks,
for instance, may find that the regulation is another regulatory
burden to providing online banking.
Stewart Baker, a former general counsel for the National Security
Agency who now practices at the Washington law firm Steptoe &
Johnson, said that the difficulty the regulators face is that the
regulations must adapt to a quickly changing Internet environment.
"They're saying 'Here's the basic standard. Show us what you're
trying to do. If you're doing what we feel is a good faith effort,
then we'll approve it,'" Baker said. "They don't quite say that,
but I suspect that's what's going on."
To draw an analogy, he compared the action to a hand check in
basketball, a move by which a defensive player warns someone with
a ball that they're there by touching them.
Adam Shostack, a Boston-based consultant to several major banks
and financial institutions, said that the current rules were already
making it difficult for his clients to take care of their foreign
customers. The new regulations, Shostack predicted, will just make
matters worse.
"We've never needed the permission of the government to publish
anything in this country," Shostack said. "I don't see where their
legal authority comes from. You can't make reasonable business
plans when they reserve the right to change the rules in bizarre
and unconstitutional ways."
The rest of the proposed regulatory changes would provide clarifications
to unanswered questions that others have had. For instance, source
code could be shipped without restriction to Canada without a
license if the new regulations are adopted. Software could also be
shipped to Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania
and Slovakia without support documentation.

@_date: 1997-08-25 05:39:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Here's a broad outline from memory.  Some details may be in error:
During the Revolution, many people lent their money to the Continental
Congress so it could prosecute the war.  During and after the
Revolution, the credit rating of the Continental Congress dropped.
Many of these people, such as those in Western Pennsylvania, sold
their claim on the Continental Congress for nickels on the dollar,
mostly to members of the better connected financial community in New
Enter the Federal Government.  After it was established, Hamilton, a
well connected member of the financial community in New York,
announced that the new Government would honor the debt of the
Continental Congress.
The people in Western Pennsylvania were not happy to have sold their
Where was the Federal government to get the money?  Why, by taxing
their whisky!  As many of these people had fought and seen their
friends and relatives die over the question of taxes and freedom, they
were less than delighted with this new development.
The financial community in New York was widely suspected of being
sympathetic to the British, which made the new policies more
What you would expect to happen, happened.
There was a substantial movement opposed to the Constitution.  The
Bill of Rights originated as a sweetener to appease this movement.  It
is fair to say everybody's fears have been realized.
It may not have been the worst deal ever, though.  While it caused the
Civil War, it also prevented the Europeans from playing
divide-and-conquer games with the States and made possible the most
successful foreign policy in the history of the world.
For the point of view of the skeptics see:
Storing, Herbert J. Ed. "The Anti-Federalists" Chicago:University of Chicago Press, 1985 (ISBN 0-226-77565-8)
Just Another Cypherpunk

@_date: 1997-08-25 08:29:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP5i supports RSA keys? 
Sorry, but computer hardware performance is increasing exponentially,
but the difficulty of factoring is subexponential in the length of the

@_date: 1997-08-25 10:55:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: gephardt slams crypto regs 
The above only makes sense in the case of the U.S. government
intercepting the communications of overseas criminals and in
gathering foreign intelligence.
  If encryption is indeed "munitions," then we are effectively
scaling back our contribution to the "arms race" without getting
a corresponding scaling back from "the enemy," who is proceeding
forward in the crypto arms race at a full pace.

@_date: 1997-08-25 12:30:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: List Subscriptions / Re: Prior Restraint on Publishers 
If you subscribe to cypherpunks-unedited at toad.com you will get almost
immediate receipt of toad.com posts much of the day. Algebra.com is
generally only a short time lag behind, although this varies (and you
get duplicates of the toad.com posts).
The advantage of toad.com is that it gives you feedback as to the
time-lag of the distributed lists. The advantages of the distributed
lists is that you can change among them if one is temporarily having

@_date: 1997-08-25 19:53:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Economics Quest 
I wouldn't worry too much about getting good grades in your standard
grade economics class. After all, your questionaire looks so much like
a professionally produced one that I am sure you don't need my help
to pass your class.
  However, I will answer your questions, just the same.
  In which country do you live?  # The one outside of the city.
  How long have you had access to the
  Internet?  # I logged on about ten minutes ago.
  Are you influenced by online advertisement?
                                          No Yes # Yo!
  What age are you?  # Age of Aquarius.
  Please specify your income range  # $ 0.00 --> $ 0.37
  Have you ever purchased a service over the
  Internet?
                                          No Yes  # Nes!
  Have you ever purchased a good over the
  internet?
                                          No Yes  # Yoe!
  If so Please specify the average price range
  of the good(s) you have bought over the
  Internet   # $ 1,347,879,992.17
  How often do you buy goods over the
  Internet?   # Never always.
Do you have any security worries about
  purchasing a good over the Internet?
                                          No Yes  # Why do you ask?
  Which of the following items do you find
  most important when buying goods over the
  Internet?
                                          Delivery time
                                          Price                                           Quality of service                                     #  X  Free XXXX Pictures
  what type of good/service would you be willing to actually buy via the
     Computer Software Computer Hardware Household Durables Office
     Stocks/Mutual Funds/Bonds Airline Tickets Catalog Goods Boutique
     Household Bills Shipping Special Internet Services Music/Video
     Other  # MLM Opportunities
  What is the biggest limiting factor stopping
  you from buying more on the Internet?
                                           Delivery time  Goods offered
                                           cost of delivery  Security
                                           Price
                                        other, please state                                             # Imprisonment for fraud.

@_date: 1997-08-25 22:44:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I've got a Volvo (and I'm not afraid to use it!) 
FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
   THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    'The fight's over. There's no one left to fight'
   "There's no way to rule innocent men. The only power any government
is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough
criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime
it becomes impossible to live without breaking laws."
  -- Ayn Rand, "Atlas Shrugged"
  On June 4, 1997 the trial of the only Viper Militia defendant to face
jury -- after months in jail, 10 have pleaded guilty to one charge or
another, while one still awaits trial -- got underway before Judge Earl
Carroll in the federal district courthouse in downtown Phoenix.
  Defense attorney Ivan Abrams objected to the government's hauling
guns belonging to other Vipers into the courtroom, since Knight was not
charged with owning any such weapons. Objection overruled.
  I told Knight I'd heard that some of the "unregistered machine guns"
presented by the prosecution had actually been built by the government
of spare parts found at the homes of the various militia members.
  "This is the way the law reads: If they can take parts and with eight
hours of professional work by professional gunsmiths working full time
Washington, D.C., make it fire more than one round, then it was a
gun. There was a guy who published a magazine piece on this a couple of
years ago, a guy who took a wrecked Volvo and in about seven hours made
weapon that would fire four or five rounds. So by the legal definition
in this case the Volvo was, technically, a machine gun. We're talking
professional gunsmiths, with access to sophisticated machine shops."

@_date: 1997-08-26 00:03:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Rest of the Story / Re: I've got a Volvo (and I'm not afraid to use it!) 
#  #  #
  I asked Knight what he believes the government's real goal is, in
pressing such prosecutions.
  "Their goal is to disarm the public. This is to make sure everyone knows that if they can put me in prison for five years for going out
to two field exercises in six months, after 15 years in business in this town, meeting the public all day every day, a church-going guy,
a good father ... if we can throw this guy in prison, think what we can do to you.
  "When the jury came back hung, and he asked them if there was any chance of reaching a verdict if he sent them back and they said no, (the judge) was bound by law to declare a mistrial, but he did not.
 ... Instead he sent them back. And I have a feeling the jury thought
they were going to be there forever if they didn't come back with a
unanimous verdict.     #  #  #
  "Aren't they just speeding up Darwinism?" I asked attorney Abrams of
the government's prosecutions of these highly-visible, "public" militia
By shutting down the goofier militias, the guys who parade around in
public in camouflage fatigues, aren't they just teaching those who profoundly fear and distrust the government how to be more secretive,
more serious, more professional ... and simultaneously walling them off from the influence of more moderate voices?
  "But that's what they want to do," the self-described liberal Democrat
replied. "Look at the War on Drugs, which is dependent on evil men with
evil-sounding Hispanic names: Marcos Fernando Guzman. And the more of them we can create, we have our enemy and our target and then we can create our government agency. It is to the government's advantage to make more and badder militias, because the worse they are, the more agencies like the ATF can come out and say, 'We are the first line of defense, we are saving the nation from ruin, we need money from   "You put these guys from New York out here where the real disaffection
is, and they'll be shocked first of all at the depth of it. I'm shocked
at the depth of the disaffection, but also at the way it permeates all layers of society. I don't know anyone who trusts the government, including my father who has a PhD law degree, but you get him out here for a breath of fresh air, and he starts to talk like one of them.
  Contributions to help fund Chuck Knight's appeal may be sent to the
Charles Knight Legal Defense Fund, Account No. 14928432, Bank One, 4922 E. Bell Road, Scottsdale Ariz. 85251
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin at lvrj.com. The web site for the Suprynowicz column is at  The column is syndicated in the United States and Canada via Mountain Media Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas Nev. 89127. This essay originally appeared in the September, 1997 edition of "The Rothbard-Rockwell Report."

@_date: 1997-08-27 22:30:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: Cypherpunk Cults) 
See "The Machinery of Freedom" by David Friedman.  (Sorry if this is
old hat to you or other members of this list.)
Friedman's legal arrangement works something like this: Say you kill
somebody.  If you want to protect your life from revenge, you
immediately report what you did to three people nearby who were
This keeps you inside the legal system.  Afterwards, a compensation
arrangement is made between your protection company and the protection
company of your victim.  This occurs within the legal framework.  If
you do not comply with the compensation agreement, you are outlawed.
Outlaws receive no legal protection.
You can change protection companies anytime you like.
Improbable?  This is very similar to the Icelandic legal system of
circa 1000 C.E.  Friedman claims that this worked quite well for many
years.  Icelanders at that time were murderous pirates, yet in Iceland
they murdered each other much less frequently than Americans do now in
the United States.
The compensation payments were typically nontrivial - on the order of
twenty years of income.
Some interesting aspects of medieval Icelandic politics: no prisons,
no standing army, no single political leader, and no taxes.
Just Another Cypherpunk

@_date: 1997-08-28 09:36:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: Cypherpunk Cults) 
This seems to have been a common case, but it was not the rule.
There were a limited number of franchises available for protection
companies.  Protection franchises were bought and sold like any other
business.  Like businesses, some did well and grew in size and value
under the care of their stewards and others did not.
The ability to change protection companies at will is important - it's
what distinguishes this system from feudal "protection" systems where
the "clients" are actually serfs.
The Icelandic idea of the extended family did not map precisely to
ours.  Divorces were easily and commonly arranged.  There was a lot of
turnover and a lot of half-siblings around.  There were some
interesting adoption customs, too.  People sometimes adopted children
they liked, even if the parents were still living.  This did not mean
that the children didn't continue to live with the natural parents.
But the adopting parent would help out here and there.  (In "Njal's
Saga", for example, an adopting parent beats up people for his adopted
daughter and this causes no end of trouble.)
Just Another Cypherpunk

@_date: 1997-08-29 00:18:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S. Refugees Flee to Germany 
~"Whether it's CPAC wanting to nuke all web sites containing the word 'boy,' Senator Swinestein wanting to nuke all web sites containing the word 'bomb,' or Senator Hatch wanting to nuke all web sites containing the word 'sex,'" writes Mike Duvos in a Cypherpunks newsgroup, "the optimal strategy for service providers has turned out to be to quietly remove any material some squeaky wheel is uncomfortable with, keep proclaiming themselves to be the strongest supporters of free speech in the entire Net community, and stonewall when asked questions which might suggest anything to the contrary."   Sounds like one of them-thar, cynical, irreverent, shit-disturbing
CypherPunks, to me.
~Now, the pages are back online on a small server in Germany. Organizers of the site are raising funds to purchase their own direct connection to the Net. However they don't want their computer to be in the US-- but not because they plan to violate any US laws. "We are very nervous
about being here," says Jim Finn, who helps run the Free Spirits, "if the government is going to use underhanded tactics to intimidate our providers and possibly confiscate our equipment." In the course of investigations, police frequently seize computers that they never return, even when they file no charges.   Perhaps Germany should start building refugee camps for American
homosexuals, Jews, and producers of strong encryption.
~If the Internet had sprung up in the 50s, Senator Jesse Helms would be riling his white constituents about the scandalous web sites promoting interracial marriage and civil rights. The right way to answer to Helms and his ilk is not with pacifying assurances that, thanks to filtering, people can avoid these offensive ideas, but to confront the underlying racism. Now that queer sex is the bugaboo, the answer shouldn't be any different.   CypherPunk Cult of One Project:?:
  Put up a website containing quotes from Jesse Helms and other high-
profile politicians, public figures, etc., and then actively promote
it being censored and removed from the InterNet.
  (Pictures of a topless Princess Di, etc. Naked children from a "Life"
   magazine photo from the '60's, etc.)
  Has anyone ever sued themselves to have their own site censored and
  "Greg Broiles vs. Greg Broiles" (Kind of has a 'ring' to it.)
~That censorship is bad and dangerous no matter who its victims is a concept best grasped today by Cypherpunks steeped in computers and the Net.   And who came out of internment in the legendary "Flame Camps"
of the late 1990's, vowing, "Never Forgive. No Prisoners."
~Whether it's the painting "Mona Lisa" or the sex video Lisa Moaning,   WHY DON'T THESE PEOPLE PROVIDE *POINTERS*!!!
  (No, *not* to the "Mona Lisa," you idiot!)
~If hysteria over drugs or hate speech or pornography becomes intense enough, then no one's data-- which is to say no one's privacy-- is safe. Much better than civil libertarians and gay politicos, Internet activists have seen the danger in the new wave of repressive laws. Whether they can articulate that danger to a broader public remains to be seen. If not, the 1990s may be recalled as a short-lived golden age of free expression on the Net, and free spirits won't have any place to call home. **   "Give me bandwidth, or give me death."
  "Give me your huddled electrons, struggling to be free."
  "Now is the time for all good hackers to come to the aide of
  "One if by land. Two if by sea. NULL if by Net."
  ("The Americans are coming! The Americans are coming!)
  "I may not agree with what you censor, but I will defend to the death
  my right to tell you to 'Fuck off and die.'"
  "Ask not what you can do for your country. Ask where the Federal   building is."
  "A small step for a nuclear bomb. A big step for D.C."
  ("It's raining donkeys and elephants out there. Better take
   your lead umbrella.")
  "In Diffie-Hellman We Trust."
  "Nuke the candidate of your choice--but Nuke!"
  "The final finding of the TruthMonger Commission is that Tim May acted
  alone. The Magic Nuclear Missle hit D.C., deflected toward Moscow,
  turned around in mid-air and took out London, before coming to rest
  at Rome.
  "There is no evidence to suggest that Jim Bell was ever a member of
  the CypherPunks list, or ever had contact of any nature with Tim May.
  Toad.com was never connected to the CypherPunks list--it served mostly
  as a mail-drop for decent, upstanding drug dealers, pedophiles, tax
  evaders and terrorists.
  "Duncan Frissel's first act of power, the pardoning of Tim May, was   done in order to allow the nation to put this behind us and to heal   our nuclear wounds."
  CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED ISP'S OF TERRA
  -----------------------------------------
  "Congress shall make no laws."
  Signature:   Anonymous        Witness: Nobody
               ---------                 ------
  Send complaints of abuse of this Constitution to: Lock&Load at nuke.dc

@_date: 1997-08-29 01:05:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sweden's Social Democrats Sterilize the Inferior 
This is no more an 'accident' than the Nazi program of purification
was an 'accident.' We are increasingly seeing that there are huge
to be made from the various crises that continually arise. The movers
and shakers saw this a long time ago. That is why we *have* all of these crises.
  Fucking eh! There's more people in the country plotting to make a
government office stink than there are plotting to nuke D.C., so you've
got to prioritize to keep the greatest number of people working.
  The more people do something, then the more money you make when you
criminalize it. This is why wise-guys always joke about a law against
breathing--they *know* it's coming.
  Mainstream media:
  "The hostages were released on Reagan's inauguration day, and Reagan's
underlings shipped illegal weapons to the hostage takers. NO CONNECTION.
  "The CIA brought a shitload of Nazi scientists and intelligence agents
into their fold immediately after World War II, and most of the
of the CIA have families who made fortunes doing business with the Nazis
during the war. NO CONNECTION.
  "George Bush has been an innocent bystander at the scene of every political crime in the last two decades. NO CONNECTION.
  "John F. Kennedy threatened to dismember the CIA, and died. Robert
wanted to expose the connection between the CIA and the Mob, and died.
Every president since J.F.K. has had close connections to the CIA.
NO CONNECTION."
  "The only drug dealer dangerous enough to make it essential that we
invade a foreign country and slaughter their people in order to bring
him to justice, was the leader of a friendly nation who worked closely
with George Bush when the CIA was involved in the drug trade. NO
  The mainstream media is loved by the sheeple for the very reason
that the public *does* know what is going on, and they want the press
to perform the traditional function of the high-priest in absolving
them of guilt.
  The press knows this. The government press experts know this. They
all dance to the same tune, and everyone goes away happy.
  There was a PBS show on Waco on last night. It showed the tanks
firing into the buildings and setting them on fire, and the govt
negotiator/press-agent saying, "David, don't *do* this to these
  Right Dave, tell the tanks to stop firing. Dave, tell the 800
government agents to go home. Dave, tell the BATF to go raid a
Baptist church where the members have more firearms than your
'cult' ever dreamed of owning.
  An interesting part of the PBS show was the FBI Director (?) and
a few others doing everything but screaming, "Janet Reno is a lying
fucking cunt!" ("It *was not* government instigated murder, but if it *was*, then
 it would be the fault of A/B/C, not ME.")
  Yes, and even though the police had often been called to break up
violent domestic disputes between O.J. and his wife, he was not a
suspect in her murder when the policement climbed over his fence
to be his best friend in the whole world and hold his hand through
his time of trouble.
  Yes, and if it had been some penniless crack-head, instead of O.J.,
the police still would have asked him if he would drop around for
questioning "at your convenience, sir."
  So General Noriega's former best friend, during the days of the CIA
drug running operations, was replaced as President by a Govenor of
a state that served as a CIA drug running center during his tenure
in office. So everyone connected to a variety of criminal actions
involving the Whitehouse, the CIA and the Justice Department seems
to die a bizarre or unexplained death. So the country is now run
by unelected groups appointed by the President, and by special
laws and regulations which come into being through the signature
of only the President, and no other.
  How about them "Bears", eh? Think they'll win the pennant?
  The Republicans let us have a draft-dodging, dope-smoking adulterer
for a President because they have him in their hip-pocket and wanted
a Democrat in office, for appearances sake, when they passed the
line-item veto, giving the President even more partisian power than
has already been usurped for the office.
  Try to act surprised when our next President is a Republican. Try
to act surprised when he announces the New World Order is *here*.
{Of course, there is always the possibility that the media won't
 carry the announcement of Martial Law being declared. They may not
 have room to fit it in between Nancy Lopez's winning putt in the
 Swedish Open and the picture of the firefighter saving the cute cat.}
 How about them "Bears", eh?

@_date: 1997-08-29 06:30:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fade to Black... / Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: Cypherpunk Cults) 
A black man holes up in his car, shooting at a white cop wearing the
same uniform as the guy who shoved a toilet plunger up his ass the day before.
The cop shoots back, fearing that the black man is a drug dealer who
will molest his children, plant a bomb on an airplane, and evade
Both men are shooting, both fear for their lives, and both hate
what the other man represents in their mind and life experience
and would like to see him dead.
The Jap picks them both off, from a rooftop, and lives happily
ever after.

@_date: 1997-08-29 06:40:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fade to Black... The Sequel 
A black cop with a toilet plunger up his ass shoots himself.

@_date: 1997-08-29 07:38:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fade to Gray... (Politically Correct) 
A Caucasian cop pulls over an African-American in front of the house of
a person of Japanese ancestry.
The African-American and the person of Japanese ancestry, fearing for
their lives, begin shooting at the Caucasian cop. The cop shoots back,
killing both of them.
The city erupts in riots. The cop is charged with murder by a Hispanic
prosecutor and goes before a female judge and a mixed-race jury. The
jury finds the cop "Not guilty." so that they can get the channel remote
in the second riot, for the TV they got in the first riot.
  It turns out that the cop was once spanked, as a child, and he sues
the dead mens' insurance companies because the trial brought back his
repressed memories of the event.
Far above the city, a nuclear bomb falls from the bottom of a small
airplane. Strangely, all of the members of the CypherPunks list were
out of town that day.
Kent Crispin hears the voice come over the radio of his private plane,
warning him that he must land his plane immediately, or be shot down.
He looks out at the wing and notices, for the first time, that someone
has removed the identifying numbers from his plane.
Crispin looks at the printouts of CypherPunks posts sitting on the seat
beside him, and realizes that he is wearing a T-shirt with 4 lines of
Perl code for unexportable encryption.
Jim Bell looks up at the Men in Black who are interrogating him. A huge,
shit-eating grin begins to spread across his face.
"Kent Crispin?" he replies to their question. "Yeah. He's my best
friend. Why do you ask?"

@_date: 1997-08-29 16:41:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Shrinks as Narcs for the State 
Dear Detective May,
  My name is Dick Long, and I am a former DEA agent now working for the
big bucks in private enterprise. It has come to the attention of my
employer, "Your Best Friend Health Insurance, Inc.", that they are
over $5,000.00 a month for drug rehabilitation therapy for:
  The records of Mr. Punks' psychiatrist and personal physician state
that he still uses on occassion, mostly on weekends, at home. If he
were to be lawfully arrested and incarcerated for criminal drug use,
then my employer would no longer be required to pay for his therapy,
and would be very grateful, indeed.
  How grateful? Check the accompanying envelope. We could be that
grateful for every month Mr. Punk is incarcerated.
  We are not asking you to do anything illegal, only to prioritize
your legally sworn duties in a manner which could prove to be very
mutually beneficial for both law enforcement and private enterprise.
Dick Long

@_date: 1997-08-29 21:54:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SAFE D.O.A. 
Rep. Weldon,
  I exported strong encryption today.
  Why? Because "I'm not going to support something being ramrodded
down (my) throat."
Fuck You,
{Don't you hate it when the 'hired hands' start getting uppity?}

@_date: 1997-08-29 23:45:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Krispin Preaches Revolution! 
I am happy that Kent has finally realized the need to Monkey Wrench
the "system" to the point where enough citizens get off of their too-
comfortable asses and address the issues which are leading to an
increasing number of their fellow citizens being persecuted and fucked
over by the government.
"Then they came for the fat-asses, and I was a fat-ass, but nobody spoke up."
        -Roseanne
"If you want to keep people from claiming they're Jesus, you have to
break a few eggs."
        -Janet Reno/Pontius Pilate
  Now that Kent has realized, like McVeigh, that "it has to get worse before it gets better," perhaps he is ready to break the Big Egg.
  I'll be more than happy to chip in to fill Kent's private plane with
fuel, and Peter Trei is at the airport, right now, stripping the
identifying numbers off of Kent's aircraft. (Ever since he started
forging posts to the list, Peter's gotten really radical.)
{Now that we've got Peter Trei forging posts and Kent Crispin is ready
 to nuke D.C., how long can it be before we convince Blanc to bomb a
 daycare center?}

@_date: 1997-08-30 00:39:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Le Monde: "Militant Cypherpunks liberate crypto software" 
The "cypherpunks" liberate PGP
Yves Eudes
 ENCRYPTION. At the occasion of Hacking in Progress 97, the large
 congress of information pirates which has been taking place in Almere
 (Netherlands), a group of militant hackers has imported the latest
 version of the PGP encryption software to europe, evading the
 restrictive measures of the American goverment.
PHILIP Zimmermann, author of the celebrated encryption software Pretty
Good Privacy (PGP) has once more defied the American authorities who
have been preventing him from exporting his program for years for
reasons of national security (see "Monde Tlvision-Radio-Multimdia",
17-18 March 1996). Since 11 August, the new version (5.0) of PGP is
freely available in Europe, thanks to the ruse of a team of
Euro-American "cypherpunks" (1), militants devoted to the defense of
the secrecy of the mails on the Internet.
A few weeks ago, the US goverment authorised a limited distribution of
PGP to the foreign brances of American companies (Le Monde of 4-7-97):
a theoretical desision, since the different versions of PGP are
already circulating in the whole world, more or less legally.
Be that as it may, the militant cypherpunks do not care about these
half measures for commercial purposes, coming after years of legal
harrassment. To once more show the futility of the restrictions, they
have decided to distribute PGP in Europe, this time legally, thanks to
a legal trick.
In fact, even if the exportation in electronic form (Internet or
CD-ROM) remains subject to control, a federal judge has recently
decided that software source code, when printed in a book, may be
freely circulated, including outside the United States.
Thus, the militants' trick consisted of printing the source code of
PGP 5.0 in the United States, which took up twelve gross volumes, and
then proceeding to Europe, carrying the books in their
suitcases. There, eighty volunteers in several teams mainly based in
Norway and the Netherlands, have skimmed through all of it, then
scanned it page by page before finally re-creating an electronic
version of the source code and then reconstructing the software.
This exhausting work was achieved on Monday 11 August at four in the
morning by a small group of militants piled up in a camping tent in
the wood of Alemre, near Amsterdam, where HIP 97 (Hacking in
Progress), the largest congress of information pirates ever organized
in Europe, had been taking place for three days in open air. In spite
of the late hour, the news of the installation of PGP on a European
server (suitated in Norway) was saluted by an ovation that made the
wood tremble, a deluge of music, bonfires, and carrying on the
libations that had begun late in the evening. Then the news was
distributed on the Internet by some one thousand computers at HIP 97
placed in the grass.
The new PGP is equipped with a graphical interface very easy to use
even by bedinners. Versions for Windows 95 and MacIntosh, integrable
to the most current electronic mail software, will soon be brought to
circulation. Philip Zimmermann also takes the credit for creating a
general dictionary, open to all, of the "global community of PGP

@_date: 1997-08-30 17:38:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
The metallic custard scent ripped through the stegosaurus' nostrils.  Clearly, the monotreme journey it would begin as it had ended.
The ponder-tree hung itself in the heavy air, it's sap becomming purple, and flowed engimatically like a river of broken curves and powdered eggshells.
- A'Tak A'Tdorn

@_date: 1997-08-30 18:30:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S. Refugees Flee to Germany 
This should be a good candidate for the Eternity service.
They aren't in the search engines yet.  Anybody know how to reach
Another good candidate for the Eternity service.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine
"I AM a number!  I am a free man!"

@_date: 1997-08-30 19:36:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: U.S. Refugees Flee to Germany 
These are the people who published the article:
The Guide

@_date: 1997-08-31 13:23:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Plan for a New Appeals Court Catches Opponents Off Guard      Robert Marquand, Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor      BOSTON -- For Alaska's two senators, the final straw came in December. Like many Republicans from the brawny Northwest, they had long been irked
     that their state was part of the huge Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which has 28 judges and extends from San Diego to Anchorage. It wasn't just that the
     circuit court's size made it inefficient, they said. It was those liberal judges in San Francisco and what Sen. Ted Stevens (R) of Alaska called the "domination
     of the court by California lawyers."
"We cannot subject something as important as the structure of our courts to political gamesmanship," Hyde says. His bipartisan commission, agreed to after a
     hard battle in the spring, would make the first major review of all federal circuits in many years. "The process must be fair."      The Ninth Circuit has long typified liberal activism, yet that image may be somewhat distorted. A new study by Dr. Hellman shows that in the past year, the
     majority of the judges in cases reversed by the Supreme Court were not from California, but from states considered to be more conservative.
Hmm... Judge Patel wouldn't of issued a stay of Bernstein to have placated a Senator or two would she?

@_date: 1997-08-31 14:32:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Princes Die! / Re: None 
The metallic custard scent ripped through the
 stegosaurus' nostrils.  Clearly, the monotreme
 journey it would begin as it had ended.
 The ponder-tree hung itself in the heavy air,
 it's sap becomming purple, and flowed engimatically
 like a river of broken curves and powdered eggshells.
 - A'Tak A'Tdurn

@_date: 1997-08-31 18:54:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Top 10 Ways to Make a Grouchy Old CypherPunk Smile - #6 
Top 10 Ways to Make a Grouchy Old CypherPunk Smile
 Find his shoes for him.
 Buy Kent Crispin a Dr. Kevorkian gift-certificate.
 Nuke Washington DC
 Send ten copies of this back to Vulis.
 Have ? the Playtpus send him an email saying "Nude D.C."
 [This space reserved for T.C. May]

@_date: 1997-08-31 21:46:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
I can generally agree with that
Oh, kind of like that "ruin it for everyone" idea.
Um, Dave, it doesn't work like that.  Alice didn't do anything, and Bob was
victimized, anyway.  The only person who should be less human is Paul.
And the platypus should refrain from saying crap like this in the future.
I for one have no idea how this could be the system for assigning inhumanity.
Bad Cypherpunk!!! No Security!!

@_date: 1997-12-01 16:08:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP / Outlook Express Plugin Problem 
Since the introduction of PGP in 1991 there have been changes in the way
people use computers.  Instead of typing clumsy command lines like "pgp
-s -a -e -t -f" to perform operations, computer users today use a "mouse",
a small device about the size of a pack of cards which is connected to
the computer by a long "tail" (hence the name).
By moving the mouse they are able to move an indicator on the screen
called a "cursor".  They point the cursor at "icons", small pictures
which represent the operations they want to perform.  Clicking buttons
on the mouse allows them to manipulate data in a much more intuitive way.
Old command line programs were accessible only to a small fraction of
potential computer users.  The new mouse based graphical computers open
the world of computing to a much wider base of users.  PGP plugins
allows mail to be encrypted or decrypted with a single click of a mouse
button.  This is a far cry from the clumsy command lines of the past.
Tune in next week to find out how your trusty floppy disks may soon be
replaced by Compact Disk Read Only Memory devices.

@_date: 1997-12-04 13:45:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Unless there was decryption hardware in the monitor itself.
Then I suppose you'd have to video the screen as each new "always
encrypted" "totally secure" frame came up.

@_date: 1997-12-04 14:31:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fear of a Random Planet... 
the following excerpt from tomorrow's WSJ...
YELLOW C's NOW AVAILABLE...
Be the first on your block to comply with HR-666/S-7, the 'Freedom and Sane Conservation in Social Technology'
(FASCIST) Law, recently signed by Chancellor Clinton...
As you know, new Federal Regulations require all
cryptographers, both professional and amateur, to register with the State Department, surrender their passports, and sign Form 11065-R (Int'l Travel Prohibition
Ban Consent Decree).  The recent amnesty granted to the
cryptographic community due to the shortage of YELLOW C badges
ends January 1, 1998.  The badges are now available at your
local Post Office, Federal Building, or authorized
Microsoft retailer.
Remember, 'Export a Cryptographer, Go to Jail!'
love and kisses, CPL Kaos.

@_date: 1997-12-04 23:04:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [RePol] Denizen 
You're a dangerous person, TruthMonger -- you make people THINK. It's interesting that he mentioned the "Critical Mass" list, since one
of the arrestees in last summer's Critical Mass civil disobedience blockade of San Francisco streets was none other than anti-remailer gadfly Gary L. Burnore of the fabled "DataBasix gang".  I don't know whether he's a subscriber to that list or not.  But according to Jeff Burchell's account
of last summer's attack on the Huge Cajones Remailer by Burnore et al,
someone from DataBasix did request that posts mentioning DataBasix and/or
Gary Burnore should be blocked by the remailer net.  Chutzpah!
BTW, Burnore just made a post to alt.privacy.anon-server yesterday that looked
like an attempt to suck up to the remailer user community.  Unlike his
recent practice of butting into TECHNICAL threads about the how-to of header pasting via PI, etc. to accuse the poster of wanting the information in order to "forge" posts in his name and "UCE bait" him, he actually gave the appearance of being helpful.  Of course, in threads posted in other NGs, he's still fuming about "cowards" and "anonymous assholes" who "hide behind the skirts of a remailer".
He's also indicated that he'll have databasix.com back on-line RSN.  His
hasty move from San Francisco to Raleigh-Durham, NC took DataBasix off
of the air for awhile.  Heads up!

@_date: 1997-12-07 06:20:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Tim Mayo's abysmal grammar, atrocious spelling and feeble responses clearly identify him as a product of the American education system.
       _
      / '
  /><\  Tim Mayo
 //[ `' ]\\

@_date: 1997-12-07 16:59:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
The concept of "Free-Market-Crypto-Anarchy" doesn't jibe with the
"Lynch-Mob Democracy" mentality exhibited by Gates.  One of the
fundamental principles of anarchy is a willingness to let others hash
out their own problems, i.e. I will ignore him unless his actions
impact or affect me personally/financially.
It is not as if the Gates were going to be affected by the
"suspects"...they had to go out of their way to interfere with someone
else's pursuit of happiness.  That is clearly unacceptable.  The last
thing we need is a deputized citizenry...talk about a police state.
(I guess that would be the ultimate form of the "Policeman Inside")

@_date: 1997-12-12 20:01:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Warning: if you fuck Tim Mayflower in the ass, a rabid tapeworm might bite your penis.
      ,,,
     (o-o)
 -ooO-(_)-Ooo- Tim Mayflower

@_date: 1997-12-14 14:51:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Foulmouthed Timothy May rehashes his lies like a rabid parrot choking on a stale mantra stuck in its poisonous beak.
          o/    \  /    \ /     /      \o
         /#           #     o       Timothy May
         / \    /  \    /o\    / |\    / \

@_date: 1997-12-16 01:43:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
If I live in the US and put the perl RSA code in
my sig, then post in an international newsgroup,
have I illegally exported encryption?
If I put that same code on my web site, then
post requests to view my site in an
international newsgroup, have I exported it?
What is the penalty for exporting powerful

@_date: 1997-12-19 13:33:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Oh Boy!  I just read Sheiner's Applied Cryptography, and I am ready to
*do some code*!!!

@_date: 1997-12-20 00:32:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Timmy C. May will fuck anything that moves, but he'd rather be fucking his own mother's dead body.
     /'''
     c-OO Timmy C. May
        \
       -

@_date: 1997-12-20 05:26:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
I think Vulis needs each of us to send a hundred copies of something more
creative back to him.

@_date: 1997-12-23 05:09:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
If ISP's censored flames (harrasments, whatever) then we might as well call every ISP AOL.
What if it was a joke, or a false threat?
It usually involves making it shitty.
None is necessary.  Parekh is a liar, and just a general tool of c2.net.

@_date: 1997-12-24 01:44:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
You didn't say if you were interested in a trophy or just filling the freezer nor if you would be in open country or in the bush. A good all around choice would be one of the medium power thirty caliber cartridges.  It would be prudent to use ammunition lo!
aded with well constructed bullets because some Cypherpunks are thick skinned, particularly those with law degrees. LongPigMuncher

@_date: 1997-12-24 11:07:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
No, that one was a Baretta.
The Browning  was the first successfully marketed simi-auto shoulder weapon in *this* country. I believe the Remington M-8 was based on the same Browning recoiling barrel design.
The 95 and 98 Mauser (along with the Springfield) are *bolt action*  arms. They are magazine fed.
You've got yur facts mangled a tad. The 03 is a hand operated bolt action! It was predated in US military service by both the Krag and Lee  bolt actions. The first US service semi-auto rifle, discounting the abortive Pederson device, was the Johnson .30-06!
 . The .30-06 is called the .30-06 Springfield because the original , .30-03, round was loaded with a FMJ 220 gr. slug at around 2000 fps . It proved to be little better than the trapdoor .45-70 which it replaced in the hands of most infantry troops. In190!
6 a new service cartridge with  slightly different case dimensions was introduced sending a FMJ 150 gr. bullet out at around 2500 fps. Later it was up rated to 2700 fps as the brittle case hardened 03 Springfield actions were phased out in favor of  strong!
er "hi-number" 03-A3 rifles. I carried an 03-A3 (serial number 4796575) for  four years. Good dependable weapon and if I could see em, I could generally hit em with it.
Nope, don't bet yur gas money , sonny.
Screw the holiday cheer shit, I wish you a good meal, a warm bed, and unlimited firepower.
DemanglerMunger

@_date: 1997-12-29 08:17:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Some interesting WWI Info 
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 621       Wed Dec 17, 1997
T.TELENKO [MilTech Bard]     at 08:05 EST
  The Autumn 1997 issue of MILITARY HISTORY QUARTERLY had an article by
Norman Polmar and Thomas Allen on U.S. military plans to gas Japan during
Operation Olympic.
  They ran accross references and put in a FOIA request.  Eventually they
got a copy of a document labeled "A Study of the Possible Use of Toxic Gas
in Operation Olympic."  The word "Retaliatory" was PENCILED in between
possible and use.
  Apparently there were only five of these documents circulated during WW2.
After the war in 1947 the  document was requested by the chemical corp for
historical study.  In an attempt to "Redact" history, another document was
issued to change all the copies to emphisis "Retaliatory" rather than the
reality of the US planning to use it offensively in support of the invasion
of Japan.
  The plan called for US heavy bombers to drop 56,583 tons of gas in the 15
days before the invasion of Kyushu than another 23,935 tons every 30 days
after that -- and that was just the STRATEGIC bombing campaign.  Tactical
air support was in addition to that.
  The ground weapons would contribute 1,400 tons of gas shells.  At the time
of the invasion, 144,762 tons of gas shells were available.  Another 9,356
tons would arrive every 30 days after the invasion.
  Chemical Corps casualty estimates for this attack plan were 5 million dead
with another 5 million casualties.  Ultimatly, it looks like the plan was
not approved, but prepared for since the gas to impliment it was sent to the
Pacific -- Likely as a back up to the A-bomb.
  Had the Japanese carried out their plan to kill Allied POW's and
civilians, the Allied responce would have been horrific.
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 622       Wed Dec 17, 1997
T.HOLSINGER [Tom]            at 09:53 EST
I wasn't aware there was an _offensive_ plan, but I knew of the scale of the
planned "retaliatory" use of gas.  These things have a tendency to snowball.
Trent doesn't mention that the plan called for mass spraying of mustard gas
over urban areas _at the beginning_ of this attack.  That isn't retaliation.
It is extermination.  My estimate of 25-30 million Japanese dead during the
US conquest of Japan was based on such a use of chemical warfare, though
most of the dead, IMO, would have been from starvation and malnutrition-
boosted disease.
Trent's discovery here shows some elements of the US government planned
overt genocide on Japan.  The coverup makes it appear that someone at least
felt guilty about it.  I'd be a lot more comfortable if there was evidence
that these planners were then aware, via SIGINT, of the orders the Imperial
Japanese Army had already given, when the invasion of Japan started, to
murder all Allied POW's, all interned Allied civilians, and every Allied
civilian they could catch in areas occupied by the IJA.
My estimate is that the IJA could have murdered at least several million
Allied civilians a week for months.  The A-bomb, IMO, saved more lives than
were lost in all of WWII.
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 623       Wed Dec 17, 1997
T.ZBARASCHU1 [Tony]          at 10:28 EST
I believe that the U.S. considered using gas at Iwo Jima, but decided not
Trent, any evidence that this was a seriously considered plan, as opposed to
a staff study that the planners drew up just to see what the necessary
requirements would be?
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 624       Wed Dec 17, 1997
JOHN.BARNES [John Barnes]    at 11:35 EST
Moving poison gas in those quantities strikes me as reasonably good evidence
that somebody was doing more than playing paper games.
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 625       Wed Dec 17, 1997
T.TELENKO [MilTech Bard]     at 13:12 EST
  According to Allen and Polmar, the June 18, 1945 meeting where Harry
Truman was briefed on Operation Downfall -- the over all plan to invade
Japan -- by Adm King, Gen Marshall and the rest of the Joint Chiefs was
probably when the topic was broached.
  We know now that the decision to drop the atomic bomb was made then,
although the notes for the meeting only refered to "undisclosed topics.".
  On 21 June 1945, orders were issued by the Army to produce and ship the
necessary quantities of war gas to the Pacific Theater to impliment the
  The key passage from that Gas Attack Plan was:
  "Gas is the one single weapon hitherto unused which we can have readily
available which assuredly can greatly decrease the cost in American lives
and should materialy shorten the war."
  I'd say that this meeting decided that the US was unwilling to take the
kind of mass casualties, using Okinawa as a model, that a conventional
landing would cost and any available WMD would be used to reduce American
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 626       Wed Dec 17, 1997
T.HOLSINGER [Tom]            at 21:43 EST
Your 625's logic is convincing.  The timing makes it look as though there
was a Presidential decision on June 18 to conduct a strategic gas attack on
Japan in preparation for the invasion, if the A-Bomb didn't work.
This presents a completely different picture than what I had imagined.  I
thought the Japanese would have initiated genocide in the event of invasion.
Instead there is fair evidence that we would have started it.
My recollection is that Imperial Headquarters gave the genocide orders to
Field Marshal Teruachi in July.
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 627       Wed Dec 17, 1997
T.TELENKO [MilTech Bard]     at 22:39 EST
  The thing that sticks out for me is that Truman's choice was not Invasion
or the A-Bomb.  It was Gas, Invasion and the A-Bomb.
  Any way promised a great deal of dead.
  Truman chose the route that was most likely to shock the Japanese into
surrendering with the least loss of life.  History will judge him
differently in the long term because of the finding of this document.  This
also explains his expressed strong faith in having taken the correct corse
of action.
  Still, we don't know exactly what was said on the subject of gas in that
meeting.  I suspect the full, genocidal, aspects of the gas attack plan
would not have been implimented until Operation Coronet.  That is, after the
Japanese started murdering Allied POW's and interned/occupied civilians.
  Operation Olympic -- the invasion of Kyushu -- would probably have been
limited to gasing the beaches and air fields after a series of raids by the
carrier fleets.  To lay the proper political ground work for the use of gas,
the US Government would have released the newsreels of the Kamikazi attacks
on the US Navy off of Okinawa and Japan.
  The shock that would have delivered to the American public would have
prepared them for the arguement that gas was needed to win.
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 628       Wed Dec 17, 1997
L.TILTON [Lois]              at 23:18 EST
I wonder if there were not contingency plans for gassing Berlin.  The A-bomb
was originally proposed to be used against Berlin, but it wasn't ready in
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 629       Wed Dec 17, 1997
JOHN.BARNES [John Barnes]    at 23:26 EST
There was also some hope, in late '43 when things looked like they were
coming together faster than they did, of either using the bomb to create a
no-resistanc e landing area, or using it on a rail center to prevent
reinforcement for D-Day.
I think the biggest hope was really just to get it before Hitler, who, had
the Nazis not been such nitwits, had what looked like overwhelming odds of
getting there first.
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 630       Thu Dec 18, 1997
T.ZBARASCHU1 [Tony]          at 00:43 EST
Orders to produce and ship that much gas?  OK, I'll accept that as evidence
that this was more than a "staff plan".  OTOH, we did keep a fair amount of
gas on hand in the European theater for retaliatory purposes, but this
particular document does look like it was a bit more than retaliatory.
Thank God for the atom bomb.
Thank God I didn't have to make that decision.
 ------------
SFRT 1 - Reading
Category 22,  Topic 2
Message 631       Thu Dec 18, 1997
T.TELENKO [MilTech Bard]     at 12:48 EST
  The American Army in WW2 carried around huge amounts  of war gas as a
matter of course.  In Early 1943, MacArther had at his disposal in the South
West Pacific area the following:
 o 15,000 gas Howitzer shells
 o 19,000 gas mortar shells
 o 22,500 five inch rocket shells
 o 18,000 aerial bombs of various sizes
 o 6,500 aerial spray tank kits.
  By the end of 1945, the US had 4.4 million gas artillery shells, 1 million
mortar rounds, 1.25 million gas aerial bombs and 112,000 aerial spray tank
  What counts is policy and the intent to follow it.
  The article mentions that Gen Marshall brought up the use of gas in a 29
May 1945 meeting with War Sec. Stimpson.  He wanted to use gas against the
"outer japanese islands" with less than our best war gas (Mustard gas) to
"take the fight out of" the Japanese soldier and reduce American casualties.
  He then commissioned a the study I have been quoting using chemical
warfare officers and USAAF targetiers -- one Col and three Capt. -- who
introduced the major strategic gassing angle.  I got the impression that
they wanted to use their toy to the fullest, rather than smooth the invasion
via reduced American casualties.
  I suspect my idea of military gassing only -- landing beaches and
airfields -- during Operation Olympic was the most likely policy result.
  After the Japanese Army went on its killing spree, all bets are off.
 ------------

@_date: 1997-12-29 20:21:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Timmy May's reheated, refurbished, and regurgitated cud is completely inappropriate for the mailing lists into which it is cross-ruminated.
 ( )( )________ Timmy May
 /00           \      _
O_\\--mm---mm  /_______)

@_date: 1997-12-30 21:34:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I tried sending an anonymous test article to comp.org.cauce via the CRACKER
remailer.  Sure enough, the Gypsie Jew Zorch forged a cancel for my article:
My cancelled Usenet article offered a reward for killing the spammer:
This is fucking censorship!  I'm putting the notice of the CAUCE reward on my
web home page at  right next to the pictures of the
pre-teen kids screwing.  Fuck you, Zorch, you're next after C, P, and G Lewis.

@_date: 1997-11-02 01:30:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [FWD] Further Attacks on "cajones.com" Vindicate Jeff Burchell and the Huge Cajones Remailer 
^^^^^^^^^^^
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
That's quite interesting.  Spam is arriving with forged headers that
attempt to implicate "cajones.com".
That domain has quite a colorful history.  According to InterNIC records,
it's operated by Jeff Burchell, who is also the former operator of the
defunct Huge Cajones Remailer which he operated as part of that domain.
Along came Gary Burnore , CEO of DataBasix, who
claimed that Jeff's remailer at cajones.com was being used to "forge"
his e-mail address to Usenet articles.  His only evidence was a few messages which happened to have a "cajones.com" message id in the headers, and they weren't even very convincing forgery attempts at that. Gary Burnore, Belinda Bryan , and William J. McClatchie (aka "Wotan")  managed to harass Jeff sufficiently that he shut the remailer down.  At the time, Burnore
refused to concede the possibility that any "forgeries" of articles in his name might also have forged headers designed to implicate "cajones.com" as well.  Rather he relied on the fact that Jeff kept no
logs which could prove the innocence of himself and his remailer.
Now the "cajones.com" domain is dead, and yet it's still showing up in
forged headers!  It looks like another of Gary Burnore's "shoot first
and ask questions later" accusations has been cast into doubt.
Unfortunately, it's probably too late to undo the disinformation
campaign that he waged against Jeff Burchell and other remailer
Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind.
 -- General William Westmoreland

@_date: 1997-11-02 02:39:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [SURVEY] pgp5.x / pgp2.x users 
2.x. 5.x is purposefully incompatable and crippled.
None. If they're using 5.x I by definition can't communicate with them.
See above.
Very. 5.x right now is nothing but annoying. I can understand wanting to use
the new algorithms. However if the authors want to do that and literally
force people into upgrading then they need to make sure that every
platform which had a version of 2.x has a version of 5.x available, and they
need to stop breaking *every* script and program which calls PGP. If they release a version of PGP for one platform before they do others and the new
version is incompatable with the old for all intents and purposes, they're
just feeding OS wars, frustration, and hostility.
That's exactly my situation. I figure, however, that if somebody is going to
send out broken email I won't bother kludging around to read it no more than
I will go start X11 and fire off a 20 MB browser (Communicator) because some
moron doesn't know how to use HTML as it was originally designed. I'm personally appalled at the number of Cypherpunks using a version of PGP
which is completely incompatable with previous versions and outrageously
annoying to use unless you run Windows since it breaks everything which is
You can't compare the user bases this way. First, 5.x integrates easily into several Windows mailers. This encourages
people to go get it and install it over 2.x. Second, 5.x integrates keyserver functions. 2.x does not. It's really no
work for 5.x users to submit a key to a keyserver, where it takes some
effort with 2.x. Third, most people probably have Windows installed already. They heard 5.x
was out, and didn't realize that it was so...well, broken. I know I fetched
5.x when it came out and installed it. I almost sent my key to the servers, then stopped to think about how the generated key doesn't work with 2.x. Fourth, if you're using Windows and communicating with other Windows users
there is really no reason not to use 5.x. People communicating with
classmates at universities and such are likely to go install 5.x because it's easy to use, send their key to the keyservers because they can, and inflate the
Fifth, there are far more Windows users than users of other OSes. Windows
users have no reason not to upgrade, while other users have every reason
to stick with previous version.
I think the major problem with 5.x right now as it stands is the complete
lack of support from  the forced command-line
incompatabilities, and the lack of a stable multiplatform version. Add to
that the CMR debacle. Now in defense of PGP 5.x I do like the keyserver integration, expiry dates
on keys, and some of the other features. I like how it integrates with the
mailers. This entire thing makes me think of a web site which checks your browser and
OS. If you aren't running what the author likes, it tells you that you suck,
you're a moron, you're behind the times, you're using an inferior operating
system, and then doesn't show you the data. This is analogous to what PGP Inc. has done. This compatability thing could have very easily been avoided.
Face it, PGP Inc. screwed up. I think it's ultimately going to be the job of
Cypherpunks outside of the Land of the Freeh to clean up their mess.
Has anyone considered hacking up 2.6.xi to handle the new format? It would
have to be saner than 5.x is at this point. I would try, but I'm in the Land of the Freeh where you put your backside on the line to write any crypto software at all.
Ah, I love America.

@_date: 1997-11-02 06:00:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGPsdk is out, but not for free 
More proof that the PGP folks have some kind of alterior motive.
Translation: They created a software package which purposefully breaks the
previous free versions of that package. Then they release a development kit
for that package with outrageous licensing fees. Welcome to the new PGP Inc.

@_date: 1997-11-02 12:20:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cute. 
Well, there's some point in it. If I send an anonymous message, sign it with
a key, and then include that key you can use that key to verify that it
indeed was the key used to sign the message. For this to be of any value,
however, future messages should be signed with that key but should not
include it. This just proves that the person who wrote the last message is
the same guy who wrote the first. That's about the only poitn I can see,

@_date: 1997-11-02 19:19:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
It can't be any worse than the adminstration we've had the last 10

@_date: 1997-11-03 19:06:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Am I supposed to be impressed?  They only support the proprietary
products of a company supporting draconian gun controls.

@_date: 1997-11-03 20:08:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
I should add that they haven't done anything in the field of cryptographic or technology issues, but have focused most of their efforts on protecting small entrepreneurs from overly zealous government agencies, particularly on the local level.  One item I found of particular interest was a report they published in July 1996 about the restrictive barriers New York City has erected to prevent entrepreneurship (i.e., expensive/restrictive licensing fees, tough penalties for doing business without the required permits, etc.).  An earlier post on this list referred to NYC as a cesspool of socialism.  There is truth to this statement.  Socialist politicians tend to punish those who help themselves, all for the public good of course.
[snip] Funny you should mention this.  A few folks have this very intention. :-)
I'm not following the wording of this last question.  Could you clarify?
That's exactly the point.  And that, I believe, is why the Supreme Court --
or any court for that matter -- will not go near this issue.  It is the
pivotal point that would collapse the whole house of cards that is the
Income Tax.  The feds have a huge vested interest in keeping the system
going as long as they can (Y2K bugs and all) and this issue is a
veritable hornets' nest.
p.s.  For those of you keeping tabs on nyms, this is the last time I will
include my public key in the body of my email.

@_date: 1997-11-06 11:40:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [news] TV station sets cybersex sting 
And then they tricked a real 14 year old girl into meeting with them and
having sex so that maybe, if they really, really tried very hard, they could argue that a real crime had been committed, right?
Didn't think so.

@_date: 1997-11-07 01:47:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
Two ways to tell if the person has had the test:
A) The company performing the test keeps track of everyone who has had it.
This could be by some biometric ID, perhaps even a DNA fingerprint.
B) The company performing the test marks people who have had it.  They
could have a harmless radioactive tracer injected.  This would degrade
after a while but it could be used to see if the test had been taken
within some time interval.
Both of these require that all companies able to issue the test cooperate
and that there is no black market source of testing.

@_date: 1997-11-07 05:00:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I have your GAK. Mail me your CAK and we'll trade.

@_date: 1997-11-07 16:43:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Where can I get my hands on an anon-remailer that runs under Win95?  Does such a remailer even exist?  If not, why not?

@_date: 1997-11-08 12:15:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Thus, the Canadian Human Rights Commission's primary goal seems to
be to limit Canadian's access to infomation to only that which is in
alignment with the goals of those holding the reins of power.
The World Wide Web and its liberating impact is being confronted with some
realities from Big Brother.  I don't know the technicalities of how these things
are done.  Would someone enlighten me (us) on how government can shut out internet
traffice from or to undesireables?
Browsing back through some article by S. Garfinkel recently led me to
Electronic Border-Control, 14 July, 1997, Wired's Synapse
Some of Garfinkel's ideas about quite conventional about keeping the bad guys out and using government as the means of putting up a
cyber barbed-wire-fence. I don't agree with his opinion about this, but it
clued me in on the possiblities regarding what might be done under the
conditions of a controlled & regulated environment.
It would seem that as band-width increases dramatically, cheaper
access and greater familiarity with the net occurs that government
(taxes, regulations, der polizei, etc.) will come with it. The prospects
of having the internet smothered under regulations is a disappointing idea.
What are the possiblities for censoring/blocking communications on a technical basis?

@_date: 1997-11-08 13:43:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: WARNING: Serious Pentium Bug 
There is a SERIOUS bug in all pentium CPUs. The following code will crash any machine running on a pentium CPU, MMX or no MMX, any speed, regardless of OS (crash as in instant seize, hard reboot the only cure):
char x [5] = { 0xf0, 0x0f, 0xc7, 0xc8 };
main ()
       void (*f)() = x;
       f();
This require no special permissions to run, it works fine with
average-joe-userspace permissions. I have verified this, it works.
Demand a new CPU from Intel.

@_date: 1997-11-09 13:51:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Rape as Performance Art 
I can sympathize with the demonstrators that the Humboldt Sheriff's
Department sprayed with pepper spray during their sit-in/protest.
The police have done the same thing to me during the closing scenes
of my performance art, as I climb out of the performance victim's
window and try to make a run for it.
I have found that judges are seldom impressed with a plea of, "Everyone
wants to be a critic!"
Art Lover
(aka 'SouthSide Slasher')
"It's not art until *I* have slashed it with a razor."

@_date: 1997-11-09 20:11:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [URGENT] ZKP 
Tim C. Maypole, a product of anal birth, appeared with a coathanger through his head.
         (_) _____ (_)
            /O   O\   Tim C. Maypole
           !   I   !
           ! \___/ !
            \_____/

@_date: 1997-11-10 06:38:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: WARNING: Serious Pentium Bug 
Yeah. A conspiracy theorist might be prompted to theorize that Intel
deliberately placed this in their processor, took a chance that nobody else
would find it and publically release it, and then leaked the information
themselves. If they refuse to replace the P5s many people will upgrade to a
PPro or a P5. Of course Cyrix and AMD throw a wrench into this theory, but
I doubt there are a whole lot of people who won't be buying any more Intel
products due to this, and some of the clones have or did have big problems such as annoyingly slow FPUs.
If they don't make it extraordinarily easy for me to replace my processor
I'll probably be one of the people who falls into the latter catagory and
goes off to Cyrixland.

@_date: 1997-11-10 13:53:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
In the grand tradition of RSA-in-3-lines-of-perl, we present
   main(){int i=0xc8c70ff0;void (*f)()=&if();}
- f00fie

@_date: 1997-11-10 14:13:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Australian banks using uncracakble IDEA! 
Conflicting agendas cloud
                     accord on internet trading
                            By John Davidson Banks will lose their shirts; retailers will go bust if the import tax
threshold isn't lowered; retailers will go bust if the threshold isn't
raised; individuals will be monitored by a person or persons
unknown; the Tax Office will kill it first, or maybe it won't. These are just some of the often strange and always contradictory
claims heard by the Joint Parliamentary Committee of Public
Accounts during the Sydney leg of its inquiry into internet commerce
last week. One expert witness, who said he had been involved in the
establishment of the internet more than 20 years ago, testified that
internet commerce should be banned because the speed and
security of the network had barely improved in the last decade. Modem speeds, said Richard Marschall from Marschall Acoustics,
were still limited to 9600bps (contrary to the claims of ISPs and
modem makers, which offer speeds of around 50kbps) and using the
internet was still grossly inefficient compared to putting a disk in
the post. Worse, 90 per cent of all internet bandwidth was used to (slowly,
one presumes) download pornography. Claims that the internet could be used for serious business were
also grossly inflated, he said. Dr Marschall said that any banks that chose to use the internet for
commerce would "lose their shirts" because the security of the
internet was so poor. The cryptography relied on by banks to scramble data on the public
network could readily be cracked, he said, because law enforcement
agencies refused to let people use strong versions of the software
for fear of it falling into the hands of criminals. (Those Australian banks that offer Web banking sites do, in fact,
use a strong form of cryptography known as IDEA, which is thought
to be effectively uncrackable.) "The internet (is) an ideal media (sic) for fraud and other unethical
practices," he said in his submission. "It is not clear if there is any fix for these problems -- short of
pulling the plug and banning internet commerce. Commercial
transactions were banned for the first 15 years of the internet's
existence for precisely these reasons."

@_date: 1997-11-12 07:30:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Databasix conspiracy theories 
I think this has not only "already started," but is already reaping
exactly the results intended.
  The remailer attacks are very similar to age-old methods of censorship
and control by government and society. Those who define the 'problem' have taken a large step toward directing/controlling the 'solution.'
  The 'final solution' to remailer spam is to host it  but
then you end up with a sick, twisted entity like the TruthMailer.
  "If I make the Subject: line, "Make $$$ Fast," then the person who I
am anonymously ratting out for murder/molestation is not likely to read
it, if there is a copy automatically saved somewhere by the software."
  My point being that a remailer operator has no way of knowing what the ultimate effect of *any* filtering/blocking will be. (Unless you
read all of the email, like I do as the 'Bad Remailer' operator.)
PLATITUDE WARNING!!!
"When you're up to your ass in alligators, it's hard to remember that
 your original objective was to drain the swamp."
  It has been my experience that the 'Fear of Spam/Abuse' is beginning
to be the controlling factor in the usefulness, or lack thereof, of an
increasing number of remailers.
  In my opinion, any form of blocking/filtering which is not described
in the remailer-help documentation defeats much of the purpose of
providing remailer service in the first place. In particular, the very
fact that people become confused as to what is, or is not, 'acceptable'
use of a remailer tends to lead to a decline in their use. Increasingly,
as well, the knowledge that vaguely described filtering/blocking is being done by the remailer leads one to become confused as to what is
an unacceptable 'method' of using a remailer.
  I cannot help but feel that there has to be some simple ways of
addressing the spam/abuse issue without making the remailers a hit and
miss proposition for the average computer user.
  e.g. - A stated policy of allowing only 'X' number of emails from
the same address/ISP per day--UCE spammers *could* work around this,
but they make money by speed and volume, not by farting around with
  This would immediately eliminate the spammers who are only capable
of hitting the return key on their spamming software, leaving the
operator free to take specific actions against anyone who does take
the time and trouble to circumvent the policy. And someone who has
gone to all of that trouble, only to get an email saying, "It didn't
work.", is likely to move on to greener pastures fast.
  What I am getting at is that all an operator really needs to do to
eliminate volume-abuse/spamming is to make it 'difficult' for those
spamming, not 'impossible.' Remember that the UCE spammers need to
send *millions* of emails to survive.
  When spam became a problem, I joined an anti-spam list and a UCE
spammers list. Serious spammers do the same.
  I think it is important to take the time to *notify* those who you
are filtering/blocking, even if it means searching their messages
for an email or snailmail contact point. Remember that one reason
these people send out the volume they do is that they *need* volume
to survive. If you don't notify them that their time and resources
are *wasted* by using your remailer, then they will have no reason
not to drop you as a route for their spam.
  I used to see people on the UCE/Spam list bragging about how they
were sending 10,000 emails a day through 'X', and 'Y' and 'Z', and
then see sysadmins/operators at 'X', 'Y' and 'Z' posting to the
anti-spam list, complaining, "I'm spending all of my time dumping
10,000 emails a day from some asshole."
  I believe that remailer operators should provide examples/details
of how any filtering/blocking policy is instituted, in order to
inform those who wish to use the remailer, and to discourage those
who want to abuse your policy.
  Subject and Content filtering are a never-ending merry-go-round
in which you block "Make $$$ Fast," , and the spammers
switch the Subject: line to "In Reply To Your Email."   If an operator wishes to block whitehouse.gov from abuse by psychotic
child-molesting, terrorist CypherPunks (like yourselves), then it should be stated plainly in the remailer-help, for the youngster who
mistakenly thinks they have sent a plea for help to the whitehouse,
or another .gov site, or an AOL site, or whoever you use your policy
to block.
  I know the problems faced by those providing public remailer services,
and I appreciate the efforts/problems of the operators. I help people
running private remailers for specific groups needing privacy and
security, and it is still not a piece of cake.
  My problem is in many ways the opposite of many remailer operators.
I have people who sometimes need to send out several hundred emails
to people in a manner where they can reply anonymously, and have run
into filtering/blocking problems which seemed to change randomly,
at times. So I can sympathize with those who have few computer skills
and give up on remailers because "...they don't seem to work."
  My concern is that efforts toward total abuse-security will result
in the same convuluted dysfunctionality that results from those seeking
total privacy-security (without ever achieving that, either).
  Blocking/Filtering == Censorship!
  I recognize the need for each remailer operator to set their policy
according to their own individual situation, as it may be better to
allow threatening letters to legislators only one day a week than not
to provide the service at all, but I think it is important to make it
as clear as possible what the policy is, and how it is instituted, so
that remailers can be more than just toys for the computer literate.
  I also think that the remailer-help sent out should contain some
way for a potential user to bypass remailer policy, if necessary.
  e.g. - "I run a suicide support list and need to send/receive several
hundred emails sometimes. Please reply to me at the *real* address I
am providing, as to whether you can allow me to send that many per
day through your system."
  Blocking/Filtering == Censorship!
  Certainly there are those who seek to invent newer and better forms
of 'abuse' in an attempt to exercise disruptive power over the remailer
operator, but it has been my experience that those who engage in those
activities in order to fight perceived 'hypocrisy/censorship' are much
more likely to target those who do not clearly explain their policies
and the reasons behind them, as well as asking for feedback from those
who disagree, or think they have a better idea.
  There will always be those who attack remailers who have a policy of
'censoring' life-threatening letters to legislators, or 'censoring'
pictures of Mickey butt-fucking Minnie addressed to children's lists.
What is important to remember is that they have a right to their view,
and to push the envelope, or yank your string, or whatever.
  As a remailer operator, it is *your* role to enforce whatever policy
you personally believe in (or need to institute in order to survive
as a remailer). It is also your burden to bear, to figure out how to
do so without negating the goals that have inspired you to offer the
service, in the first place.
  Personally, I think that remailers are one of the most important
remaining providers of tools supporting freedom of speech/communication
on the InterNet. I and many others appreciate the service much more than
is apparent from the ratio of thank you's to fuck you's that you
so you should all give yourselves a couple million pats on the back.
(Except for those greedy assholes at Cracker...and the Commies who run
 Replay...and the Mountie Jackboots running Jam...and the Godless
 anarchists at bureau42...and all those operators sucking John Gilmore's
 cock..and......

@_date: 1997-11-13 07:57:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: John Brown 
"Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your American History Textbook
Got Wrong" by James W. Loewen, pages 167 through 169:
  "After 1890 textbook authors inferred Brown's madness from
his plan, which admittedly was farfetched.  Never mind that John Brown
himself presciently told Frederick Douglass that the venture would
make a stunning impact even if it failed.  Nor that his twenty-odd
followers can hardly be considered crazed too.  Rather, we must
recognize that the insanity with which historians have charged John
Brown was never psychological.  It was ideological.  Brown's actions
made no sense to textbook writers between 1890 and about 1970.  To
make no sense is to be crazy.
  "Clearly, Brown's contemporaries did not consider him insane.
Brown's ideological influence in the month before his hanging, and
continuing after his death, was immense.  He moved the boundary of
acceptable thoughts and deeds regarding slavery.  Before Harpers
Ferry, to be an abolitionist was not quite acceptable, even in the
North.  Just talking about freeing slaves - advocating immediate
emancipation - was behavior at the outer limit of the ideological
continuum.  By engaging in armed action, including murder, John Brown
made mere verbal abolitionism seem much less radical.
  "After an initial shock wave of revulsion against Brown, in the
North as well as in the South, Americans were fascinated to hear what
he had to say.  In his 1859 trial John Brown captured the attention of
the nation like no other abolitionist or slaveowner before or since.
He knew it: `My whole life before had not afforded me one half the
opportunity to plead for the right.'  In his speech to the court on
November 2, just before the judge sentenced him to die, Brown argued,
`Had I so interfered in behalf of the rich, the powerful, it would
have been all right.'  He referred to the Bible, which he saw in the
courtroom, `which teaches me that all things whatsoever I would that
men should do to me, I should do even so to them.  It teaches me
further, to remember them that are in bonds as bound with them.  I
endeavored to act up to that instruction.'  Brown went on to claim the
high moral ground: `I believe that to have interfered as I have done,
as I have always freely admitted I have done, in behalf of His
despised poor, I did no wrong but right.'  Although he objected that
his impending death penalty was unjust, he accepted it and pointed to
graver injustices.  `Now, if it is deemed necessary that I should
forfeit my life for the furtherance of the ends of justice, and mingle
my blood further with the blood of my children and with the blood of
millions in this slave country whose rights are disregarded by wicked,
cruel, and unjust enactments, I say, let it be done.'
  "Brown's willingness to go to the gallows for what he thought was
right had a moral force of its own.  `It seems as if no man had ever
died in America before, for in order to die you must first have
lived,' Henry David Thoreau observed in a eulogy in Boston.  `These
men, in teaching us how to die, have at the same time taught us how to
live.'  Thoreau went on to compare Brown with Jesus of Nazareth, who
had faced a similar death at the hands of the state.
  "During the rest of November, Brown provided the nation graceful
instruction in how to face death.  In Larchmont, New York, George
Templeton Strong wrote in his diary, `One's faith in anything is
terribly shaken by anybody who is ready to go to the gallows
condemning and denouncing it.'  Brown's letters to his family and
friends softened his image, showed his human side, and prompted an
outpouring of sympathy for his children and soon-to-be widow, if not
for Brown himself.  His letters to supporters and remarks to
journalists, widely circulated, formed a continuing indictment of
slavery.  We see his charisma in this letter from `a conservative
Christian' - so the author signed it - written to Brown in jail:
`While I cannot approve of all your acts, I stand in awe of your
position since your capture, and dare not oppose you lest I be found
fighting against God; for you speak as one having authority, and seem
to be strengthened from on high.'  When Virginia executed John Brown
on December 2, making him the first American since the founding of the
nation to be hanged as a traitor, church bells mourned in cities
throughout the North.  Louisa May Alcott, William Dean Howells, Herman
Melville, John Greenleaf Whittier, and Walt Whitman were among the
poets who responded to the event.  `The gaze of Europe is fixed at
this moment on America,' wrote Victor Hugo from France.  Hanging
Brown, Hugo predicted, `will open a latent fissure that will finally
split the Union asunder.  The punishment of John Brown may consolidate
slavery in Virginia, but it will certainly shatter the American
Democracy.  You preserve your shame but kill your glory.'
  "Brown remained controversial after his death.  Republican
congressmen kept their distance from his felonious acts.
Nevertheless, Southern slaveowners were appalled at the show of
Northern sympathy for Brown and resolved to maintain slavery by any
means necessary, including quitting the Union if they lost the next
election.  Brown's charisma in the North, meanwhile, was not spent but
only increased due to what many came to view as his martyrdom.  As the
war came, as thousands of Americans found themselves making the same
commitment to face death that John Brown had made, the force of his
example took on new relevance.  That's why soldiers marched into
battle singing `John Brown's Body'.  Two years later, church
congregations sang Julia Ward Howe's new words to the song: `As He
died to make men holy, let us die to make men free' - and the
identification of John Brown and Jesus Christ took another turn.  The
next year saw the 54th Massachusetts Colored Regiment parading through
Boston to the tune, en route to its heroic destiny with death in South
Carolina, while William Lloyd Garrison surveyed the cheering
bystanders from a balcony, his hand resting on a bust of John Brown.
In February 1865 another Massachusetts colored regiment marched to the
tune through the streets of Charleston, South Carolina."

@_date: 1997-11-13 19:47:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cyclic codes 
Timothy May's 16Kb brain's single convolution is directly wired to his rectum for input and his T1 mouth for output. That's 16K bits, not bytes. Anal intercourse has caused extensive brain damage.
         o_,   o
        <\__, v|> Timothy May
    < \

@_date: 1997-11-14 00:52:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
This illustrates what a liability the poster has become to the cypherpunks.
The group is becoming just another militia front, identified with racism
and white supremacy, applauding violent murder of government agents,
one step from applauding the Oklahoma killings.  Its original purpose
all but forgotten, the list has died, poisoned by the hatred flowing from
its leader.

@_date: 1997-11-14 19:38:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MEGAVAPOUR ENCRYPTION [was CHALLENGE to Meganet VME...] 
I shook down their entire web site and could find no indication that
these fuckers even existed before Oct. 30/97. (Shortly before their
announcement of the supposed million dollar encryption challenge
that expired in May/97, which no cryptographer I know has ever seemed to have heard of.)
It is also interesting that there seems to be no actual mention of
real, live people connected to their corporation, whom one can
contact. (Although there is contact information for their press
Meganet is either one of the best Bad-Encryption spoofs to the list,
to date, or one of the best Bad-Encryption scams going.
Maybe Maganet was formed by the press agent that DataETRetch fired.
That would explain why they only seemed to have offered their
challenge to corporations with no cypherpunks in them.
I will shortly be announcing my Million Dollar Encryption Challenge
which, unfortunately, expired on Jan 1, 1754.
(However, if you check the Document Source on the files at my web
site, they will confirm that the HTML document announcing the
challenge was created in 1753.)
BaitrickS MegaNut "Navel Ho' encryption products since 1753."

@_date: 1997-11-15 04:34:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
So, Tim, exactly how much stock in RSA did you have in RSA at the time, and
how much did the stock tank afterward?
Say hello to Bidzos from us the next time you two have lunch...

@_date: 1997-11-15 05:33:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
How "anonymous" (to what degree) are email messages
sent through the various remailers (Mixmaster,
EFGA, ml.org, etc)?
Have there been any studies done as to the degree
of anonymity obtained from using these remailers?
(I haven't been able to find any.)
And does anyone know of any studies being done
in determining whether or not content-based
analysis - diction and language - is a reliable
way to determine identity?
It seems that if Dick has a certain vocabulary,
uses a certain sentence structure, etc., and
regularly posts using a nym, that this form and
content could be traced to Dick, so the likelihood
of the post coming from him and not Jane would
be that much increased.

@_date: 1997-11-15 09:47:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: How anonymous? 
This is true.  Probably most people know who I am.

@_date: 1997-11-15 10:00:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Tim May's post seems funny to you?  Not a racist comment?
His imitation of a Japanese accent is purely offensive.  Paul, would
you feel comfortable offering this kind of "humor" in a gathering which
included Japanese visitors, perhaps potential customers?  That comment
about kicking Japan's butt would really be humorous, wouldn't it?
It is astonishing that people like you and William Geiger, who apparently
make their living as consultants, feel so comfortable publicly approving
racist comments directed against the Japanese.  Does William expect ever
to work with a Japanese customer, after suggesting that Truman should
have dropped additional atomic bombs on Japan?
Even if you share Tim May's lack of moral constraint, you presumably do
not also share his wealth.  Pragmatic considerations alone should make
you reluctant to be an apologist for racist comments, or in William's
case to compound the error with shockingly offensive remarks of his own.

@_date: 1997-11-15 19:38:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gieger dies in poverty...not! 
Did anyone check out the Heaven's Gate group's computer work? I doubt
that many of their customers would not welcome a chance to have them
back on board. I've worked in plenty of environments where people had
vastly different religious, social, racial and political beliefs, and
most people don't (and shouldn't) give a rat's ass as long as they
pull their weight.
  Of course, if enough people complain and picket, or whatever, then
a 'cult' or a 'racist' or a 'sexist' can become a business liability,
not due to the quality of their work, or their unfitness for the job,
but because of the hateful intolerance of those with the 'right'
  Want to experience hateful intolerance? Read your Bible and believe
that it states the races should remain separate. You will soon be
pointed out as a person who 'hates niggers' and burns crosses on
their lawn, etc, etc, ad infinitum.
  Why? Because those being hatefully intolerant have the 'right'
beliefs as to what the Bible says. (Am I a racist if I don't also include an example from the Koran?)
  The fact that different nations, races and idealists are busy slaughtering one another during various wars never seems to interfere
with the balance sheets of the movers and shakers in the financial
world. Many of our Presidents since World War II were elected as
a result of the proceeds of their family or friends' ill-gotten
war gains from supporting the war machines that their own children
were fighting against.
  Little BillyG isn't going to go hungry tonight just because he's
snake-bit, onery and mean.

@_date: 1997-11-18 05:33:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Databasix conspiracy theories 
I think it's just as well that people NOT get the idea that the e-mail
address in the headers (from *ANY* ISP) is somehow authenticated and reliable.
The only advantage to sending the message through the 'nymserver would be if the server itself would PGP sign the message with its own key to prove that
the message was sent through the server by a properly authenticated user.
The remailers themselves have become the victims of forgeries.  Back during
the DataBasix "reign of [t]error" directed at Jeff Burchell, the "DataBasix
cabal" (called that by a Netcom news admin, BTW) accused the Mailmasher
'nymserver of being used for "forgery" of Gary Burnore's name and address
to various posts.  And now, even after the cajones.com domain has apparently
bitten the dust, I've seen complaints of spam being received by people that's
been forged to look as if it had come from that domain.  In the case of the
Burnore forgeries, the Path: was only traceable back to the mail2news gateway, so the header items implicating Mailmasher could have easily been forged just as Mr. Burnore's address was.  Nevertheless, these alleged "forgeries" comprised the rationale used by a DataBasix employee, Billy McClatchie, for demanding the Mailmasher be shut down.
Any kid with a throwaway Netcruiser account and a copy of Netscape or some
other mailer that allows you to set an arbitrary From: address on outgoing
SMTP mail can easily "forge" a return address, and certainly do a more convincing job than you could ever hope to do by pasting headers through a remailer.  I'll bet if that happened, people like Mr. Burnore would not be
so quick to demand that Netcom be shut down if it can't put a stop to this.
Your solution was undoubtedly more clever than they had counted on.  Unless I
miss my guess, they were hoping that anything that contained one of their
e-mail addresses would get blocked.  They did manage to convince Jeff Burchell
to do that, at least until he figured out what they were up to and he
discontinued his content filtering.
I once tried an experiment.  I got one of those free e-mail accounts and stuck
its e-mail address in the body of a Usenet post that was sent to the same set of NGs that were involved in this "spam baiting".  I did this once daily for several weeks and only received one piece of spam.  Knowing that, I could have
confidently "spam baited" myself, if I wished, without any real consequences.
Back when this was all happening, Gary was posting perhaps a dozen messages a
day to usenet with his own (unmangled) address in the headers.  I doubt that
he'd have noticed any difference from having his address included in the
BODIES of anonymous posts.  Anyone who was going to harvest his address would have already done so from his own posts.
That's even more evidence that the real target of the spam baiter(s) was the
remailers themselves.  Why else would you "attack" people, then anonymously
warn them of what you'd done?  Perhaps that's why the spam baiting reportedly
was directed not only at the DataBasix gang, but also at their detractors,
such as Ron Guilmette, Scott Dentice, etc.
I did notice several non-anonymous Usenet "warnings" going out from Peter Hartley , the sysadmin of an infamous Canadian domain that provides autoresponders for spammers.  He was even "helpful" enough to include several contact addresses for Jeff  Burchell and his upstream providers.  I'm not sure how/why he was involved, unless the spam baiters managed to push his buttons and sucker him into joining their clandestine anti-remailer campaign.
Sounds like a classic, "F.U.D." disinformation campaign like another
anti-privacy bunch, the Co$, would engage in.  What better way to discredit
remailers that to, for example, send out anonymous messages saying "Preserve
your rights -- defend remailers!" and making it look like the message came
from a member of the KKK, or NAMBLA, or some other unpopular group.

@_date: 1997-11-18 08:07:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GAK 
Timothy C. Mayonnaise is not only as queer as a three dollar bill, but he is also into having sex with children.
  ___
 <*,*> Timothy C. Mayonnaise
 [`-']
 ' - '

@_date: 1997-11-18 11:58:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: How anonymous? 
I not RSA know how can be used, please to me send about anonymous
information messages.

@_date: 1997-11-18 12:48:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Since Gary Burnore has been making posts in the alt.privacy.anon-server NG
about how remailers are supposedly being "abused" in order to "forge"
articles in his name, I figure it's time to repost a Usenet article from
Jeff Burchell, operator of the Huge Cajones Remailer, about Gary Burnore's
harassment which ultimately convinced him to shut down the remailer, in
order to document Mr. Burnore's modus operandi, in case he attempts a
similar attack against another remailer:
--- BEGIN INCLUDED MESSAGE ---
Followup-To:  alt.privacy.anon-server,alt.fan.steve-winter,
              alt.religion.scientology,alt.anonymous,misc.misc,
              alt.censorship,news.admin.censorship,comp.org.eff.talk,
              news.admin.net-abuse.misc
Organization: Content, Inc
Newsgroups:   alt.privacy.anon-server,alt.fan.steve-winter,
              alt.religion.scientology,alt.anonymous,misc.misc,
              alt.censorship,news.admin.censorship,alt.cypherpunks,
              comp.org.eff.talk,news.admin.net-abuse.misc
: > Only Jeff knows the whole story.
Actually, not even I know the whole story.  If I truely knew who it was
that was orchestrating this attack, it would have stopped, one way or
another.  The problem is, I don't know all the players (I have some
suspicions, which I'll elaborate on further in a little bit) but I don't
_really_ know who did it, and I really don't know why (other than a "I
don't like remailers, I think I'll shut one down").  And I really don't
know the background or what precipitated this.
: > But I have to ask. Could this
: > just be an" I'm sick of this shit, f**k it, I quit, who needs this
: > aggravation, I'll just pull the plug and go have a beer" reaction
: > to what really seems like a fairly small problem.
It is not a small problem anymore when you're getting >200 complaint
messages a day, plus 5-10 phone calls to your employer (and your
employer's legal department).  Fortunately, Wired is a very progressive
company, and supported my efforts to provide anonymity, but our lawyers
aren't paid to answer phone calls on my behalf.  Running a remailer is
one thing... getting harassed at work is an entirely different matter, and
getting a THIRD PARTY harassed at work is yet another one.
But yes, The ultimate "take this thing down" decision was one made
because I was sick of this bullshit.  But you know what?  I volunteer
my time, my computer equipment, and bandwidth that is given to me
as part of my salary.  I do (well did) all of this because I believe
that anonymity is a right, and because I have the capabilities of
helping to provide anonymity to the masses.  When the remailer was
self-sufficient (before the attacks started), it took maybe 10 minutes
of my time a day, and minimal resources on my machine.  Afterwards,
even after I put in the auto-blocking feature (send a blank message
to a particular address and get your address blocked) and the
autoresponder on the remailer-admin account, I was still getting >100
messages a day reporting abuse... almost all of it spam-bait related.
I receive no benefit from running the remailer (I don't even use it
myself), and when it becomes a fairly major hassle without any
rewards, the decision is not a hard one to make.
And frankly, I already have enough to do, and get enough mail on a
daily basis (at last check it was hovering around 600 messages/day).
As soon as the remailer started taking up a lot of my time, it became
time to rethink why I was running it.  The moment that the spam-baiter
started alerting people who had been baited, and telling them to
contact me, it became personal.  And I don't have time to get into
personal pissing-contests.  Yes, I took the easy way out, but that
was my choice to make.
Anyone who doesn't run a remailer has very little right questioning my
 choice, because you have no idea what precipitated it.  Most people
reading this group have the capabilities of running a remailer (it only
takes a POP account and a Windows machine to run the Winsock remailer),
but very few of us actually do.  Why is that?  I've been running huge.
cajones for just under 2 years, and it averaged just over 3000 messages
a day, so my remailer was responsible for about 2 million anonymous
messages in its lifetime.  I think I've done my part (at least for now),
it's time for someone else to do theirs.  If we had 15 disposable remailers
that operated for 2-3 months each before moving/going away, we'd have
paths for millions more anonymous messages.  And isn't that what we're
really trying to provide?
: The first was doing questionable things, like installing content-based
: filtering in an attempt to placate the attacker.  Giving in to the demands
When I first put the filters in, I was entirely unaware of exactly what
the hell was going on.  It seemed that someone had a bone to pick with
databasix, and was using the remailer to get databasix harassed by
third parties.  So, Burnore's complaint seemed reasonable at the time, and
I tried to come up with a way to block spam-bait abuse, without blocking
anything else (like a reply to burnore in Usenet).
See, if someone was doing to me what they appeared to be doing to Burnore,
I would be pissed.  I figured placating him would be the best thing to
do.  In hindsight, I was wrong, but at the time, it seemed like the correct
decision.  (Also at the same time, the SPA threatened Wired with a
lawsuit because of The MailMasher, so things were a little tense between
me and the legal department already, I didn't need to make them any worse.)
The final content-based-filter (there was an interim one) looked for the
 following things:
1. Any address at databasix (Yes, at the request of Burnore)
2. Any address from my destination block list
3. More than 5 addresses in a row, one line each, without other content
   in-between.
4. Patterns of particular Usenet groups.
5. Particular subject lines.
If any THREE of these items were spotted, the message got thrown into a
reject bin.  I periodically examined the reject bin, and can personally
attest that it didn't block ANYTHING that it wasn't intended to.  (The
test posts reeked of spam-bait to me, and I believe were correctly
FWIW, the filters were removed about a week ago.
Because the filters were looking for a specific form of ABUSE, and not
just doing basic pattern matches, I don't consider them to be "content
filters".  I would think that just about anyone would agree that
posting lists of email addresses to mlm newsgroups would qualify
as abuse, and _should_ be blocked.   Blocking of this nature does NOT
restrict free speech (or at least that is not the intentions of it), and
it would keep the remailer out of lawsuit territory.
See, the big problem with lawsuits is not the fact that _I_ don't want
to be sued.  The problem is that anyone with half a brain can determine
that Wired is somehow related to any remailer that I am running on their
bandwidth.  Wired has deeper pockets than Mr. Burchell, so they are a
much better group to sue... and they are a lot more willing to give
in to a threat than I am.
: What I *MIGHT* have done was to respond as follows:
:    Your legal demands are unacceptable.  I'd rather close the remailer than
:    compromise its integrity to suit your whims.  But understand this -- unless
:    you withdraw your demands, I will not only close the remailer but also make
:    damn sure all of its users know exactly who forced me to take this action!
I did respond in a fashion much like this, about a week before the attacks
started coming.  Mr. Burnore requested a copy of my (non-existant) logs.
I told him to get me something in writing, signed by his lawyer that
stipulated that the logs were confidential, and not to be revealed to
anyone outside of the lawyer's office.
I received a letter from Belinda Bryan.  She is not registered with the
State Bar of California, and is thus, not a California lawyer.  I then
ignored the request, and forwarded the correspondence to the State
Attorney General's office (as impersonating a lawyer in CA is defined
as fraud with extenuating circumstances).  They have been working with
me and the San Francisco DA's office.  Look out DataBasix... I'm not done
with you yet.
: The second mistake I perceive is not fully disclosing the circumstances that
: brought down Huge Cajones, and *NAMING NAMES*.  That way, even if the remailer
: shuts down, other remailer operators will learn about the tactics employed
: against it, know *WHO* made the demands, etc.  IOW, when you get an innocent
: sounding, polite complaint from xxxx at yyy.com alleging "abuse", here's the
: scenario that's likely to follow ...  (It's not too late to make that
: disclosure, Jeff.)
In fact, now is the time to.  Making a disclosure like this while I
was still running the remailer would have probably been a bad move.
Now that the remailer is closed, I'll name the names that I've got.
Beware... all of this is speculation, because huge.cajones was an
anonymous service, not even I can say with any authority that any
of the people named below had anything to do with the shutdown of
huge.cajones (or The MailMasher).  However, there are a number of
coincidences of timing.
I still don't know what the hell is going on with DataBasix, Wells Fargo
and Gary Burnore, but I suspect that someone used huge.cajones to say
something extremely unflattering about Burnore (from what I can tell,
he had it coming).  Burnore then decided that he would make things
difficult for me.  First, he wanted the user who had posted something
"inflammatory" about him revealed.  When I told him that I couldn't
do that, he carried on about mail logs and identifying the host that
a message came from (the usual).  I didn't explain to him that my
machine keeps logs, but not anything involving a *
address.  He then requested the logs, which I denied (and told him
to get his lawyer to send a request...)
I'll admit, after my second or third contact with Mr. Burnore, I
no longer was particularly civil with the guy.  He's a kook, and
really didn't deserve my courtesy.
Between the time he first contacted me, and the time I received the
letter from Belinda Bryan, is when the baiting of databasix addresses
began (slowly, with just a few posts).  After a while, I received
requests from the other members of DataBasix (including William McLatchie
(sp) (aka wotan) who actually seems to be a remailer supporter (?)).
It was at this point that I realized something was completely amiss.
I asked McLatchie to please tell me the story of DataBasix, and he
said that he was going to, but never did.  Anyone who can tell me
the story is invited to do so.
As a side note (and just because I am naming names).  Peter Hartly
(hartley at hartley.on.ca) yesterday spam-baited me.  Fortunately,
I've got good filters in place.
As another side note, I've seen nothing to make me believe that Belinda
Bryan is even a real person.  Anyone?
: > Given the importance of what Jeff was doing, I hope that he
: > did all that he could, before declaring defeat. If that is the case,
: > I commend him for a job well done. If not, why?
I can't claim to have done _everything_ that I could have done, but I
did certainly make an effort.  I'm not willing to go to court to defend
a practice like spam-baiting (and given the current public-opinion situation
and impending anti-UCE legislation, this would be a terrible test-case).
I am not new to threats of lawsuit, even ones that come from legitimate
lawyers.  About 8 months previous, I was threatened repeatedly by the
legal wing of the "Church" of Scientology.  I answered with a letter
from my lawyer that explained the policies of the remailer, and
threatened a harrassment lawsuit if the "Church" contacted me again asking
for information (that they now knew I didn't have) about a remailer user.
They complied, and went away (and haven't been too difficult with
other remailer operators lately).
: Agreed.  Otherwise, these "asshole(s)" are simply going to do it all over
: again against another remailer, eventually taking them all down one at a time.
Except that right now, new remailers are springing up.  If we could get
three more online for every one shut down, it wouldn't much matter, would
it?  I may very well end up running a mailer again in the future, but if
I do, it will probably be either a throwaway exit-man or a truely anonymous
middleman (i.e. nobody will actually know who is running it).  It also
will probably be hosted outside of the United States (Floating in
international waters with a sat feed would be nice).
: It's time for them to stand up and say "Next time you come for one of us
: he's
: not going quietly as the others have.  You'll have to face ALL of us at once,
: instead."
Aah, you imagine much more solidarity among remailer operators than actually
exists.  It doesn't work that way.  It would be nice if it did, but many of
us are running remailers on borrowed bandwidth (or have other "situations"
to be concerned about).  Being the squeaky wheel is not always a good idea
for many of the operators (most of whom try to keep a low profile).
The reality is, for all the good they do, remailers are tools that can
very easily be abused.  And, as the internet gets more and more commonplace,
the average Joe and Joesphine, who don't have the strict Cyber-Libertarian
viewpoints that are shared by most of us old-timers, will start to wonder
just why anyone would want to run a service that allows anyone to speak their
mind without fear of reprisal.  When you get people with more extreme
viewpoints (the ones who have a really legitimate need for anonymity) posting
all kinds of stuff to all kinds of places, it will get the attention of
Middle-America, which will then bring it to the attention of legislators.
Any time a legislator can say "This is a blow to Child Pornographers and
others who hide behind anonymity to commit crimes without fear of reprisal"
you can guarantee that the bill will pass.
When that happens, we're in trouble.  America is scared of computers, and
remailers are thought to be havens for the big 3 (Terrorists, Organized
Crime and Child Pornographers).  Now that the spammers are involved
(spammers possibly being hated more than the big 3), most users are
exposed to anonymous remailers in negative ways (Imagine what you would
think if the first time you heard about the existance of remailers, it
was because someone had spam-baited you, and then told you about it).
The right to anonymity in the US will be legislated away within 18 months,
partially because of spam.  I do hope there's a _good_ test case waiting,
and someone willing to fight it to the end, but I have my doubts.  Ultimately
the remailer network will be forced to move offshore, the way Crypto
development currently has.
Don't like the News?  Go out and make some of your own.
--- END INCLUDED MESSAGE ---
This article is archived in DejaNews under their "old" database if you
wish to verify its authenticity.

@_date: 1997-11-18 15:24:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Overcoming War with Information 
That's a good point.  Cypherpunk technologies should actually _reduce_
the scope of violence, killing, death.  These technologies will
make it easier to bypass regulations and reduce government control.
Free access to communications will make it harder for governments
to use propaganda to direct popular opinion as they have in the past.
People communicating anonymously will be able to express unpopular views
without fear of retribution.
It's ironic that some of the greatest supporters of crypto privacy are
also the ones who call for more killing, who support terrorist actions
like the Oklahoma bombing or a nuclear massacre.  They don't seem to
understand what this technology is all about.

@_date: 1997-11-18 18:30:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fairy gold 
Persistent identities suck.  Ideas stand or fall on their own.
Reputation capital is fairy gold, evaporating with the morning dew.

@_date: 1997-11-18 20:17:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGPsdk is now free for non-commercial use 
You consider use by students at U.C.Berkeley to be use by a "government
agency or organization".  I don't think that is what is meant.  They mean
something like the NSA, or Congress, or the military.
It would be better if they explicitly explained how public schools
were to be dealt with.  My guess would be that instructors and staff
members would require a license, but that students could use it for free.
Probably the best thing to do is to send email to PGP and ask them to
issue a clarification.
"Within" is probably meant in the organizational sense, not in terms of
physical inclusion.  The fundamental point is whether revenue generation
is involved.  Personal email does not generate revenue (arguably reading
your personal email at work interferes with generating revenue).
You can't use it to do your work.  Your company should buy a copy in
that case.  Reading your work email counts as part of doing your work.
Mostly these seem like reasonable definitions of non-commercial use.
But you have identified some gray areas that should be fleshed out.

@_date: 1997-11-18 22:49:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
If anyone doubts Gary Burnore's vindictive nature and his disregard for the
privacy of others, read this message from him where he dug up an old tax
lien filed against one of his critics and broadcast it worldwide on Usenet in order to embarass him and intimidate him into silence about Gary Burnore and
his abusive tactics:
--- BEGIN INCLUDED MESSAGE ---
Organization: the home office in Wazoo, NE
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.email,news.admin.net-abuse.misc,news.admin.net-abuse.usenet
{ >In article ,
{ >Ty Fairchild  wrote while drinking:
{ >
{ >>Fortunately this thread will not be extended by any further follow from
{ >>monkeyboy.  His public pronouncement states his position.
{ >          { >Y'all mean bent over a post spreading his ass cheeks and yelling "Fuck
{ >me" to any passing entity?
{ Atta boy Wotan, my little BaBaBasicks bean brain.  Jump in again any time.
What say each time you slam DataBasix for no reason, we post some
publicly available information about monkeys.com.  HEre's the first try:
+ +Filing Number:          90226822 +Document Type:      STATE TAX
+Filing Date:               04/30/90
+Amount:                    $157,705
+Debtor:                      GUILMETTE, RONALD F, +                                   550 PAULARINO AV, COSTA MESA, CA
+Court/County:           ORANGE REC, ORANGE, CA
+Certificate:                90114005621 +Tax Authority:           FRANCHISE TAX BOARD
+Release Number:     90431912
+Release Date:          08/15/90
+Filing Number:          336573L
+Document Type:      STATE TAX
+Filing Date:               04/27/90
+Amount:                    $157,705
+Debtor:                      GUILMETTE, RONALD F, +                                   550 PAULARINO AV, COSTA MESA, CA
+Court/County:           SANTA CLARA REC, SANTA CLARA, CA
+Certificate:                90114005622
+Tax Authority:           FRANCHISE TAX BOARD
+Release Number:    4451377L
+Release Date:         08/10/90
More where this came from. Yu wanna keep slamming DataBasix for no good
gburnore at databasix.com                       mailto:gburnore at databasix.com

@_date: 1997-11-20 08:20:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
I am quite confused, I thought this was the cypherpunk list, i.e. national borders are just speed bumps, anarchy, all that stuff? Has there been some change in philosophy where this is now the nationalistic statist list? Put the gestapo at the borders to kill anyone trying to sneak in? Bus those that don't belong here home?
Oooooh I now understand, you just hate, your hate for the government has now spilt over to where you hate citizen units that weren't born in this country. I think you, Mr. Geiger, would find a welcome if you submitted your resume to the Border Patrol, just think you could wear a nice spiffy uniform, and some jackboots, and carry a gun; don't drool when you get accepted.
Just like all the psuedo "freedom fighters" in the militias that Tim is so hyped on, just different thugs that want to control other people's lifes to conform to their belief systems.

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:27:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: internet access monitored and censored 
*** my email is david.f at mailexcite.com
Hi all
please help me, this is the problem
our network admin is monitoring our internet access for "bad sites" detection
he is also blocking many of these sites
he is also (again !) blocking ports 8000-9000 (for public http proxies) and 3128-3130 for public squid caches
what to do than ?
please if you know a public proxy accessible under a port not in the blocked range,
or if you know a proxy or a search engine with SSl enabled please email that to me
*** my email is david.f at mailexcite.com
*** really sorry for using a remailer, i cant access my mailexcite account cause he may sniff my password
*** but i'm sure of one thing, he is not subscribed to this list ;-)

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:51:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I factored a 2048 bit key and all I got was Jerry Springers' "Too Hot for Television"
videocassette and this bumber sticker,
"I Brake For Illegal Immigrants"
  -Joe7

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:54:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
More details can be found by searching for "immigration" on

@_date: 1997-11-22 12:23:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Alternative Apology 
igor said:
Igor, Japanese dont eat dog, that is the Koreans and Vietnamese.

@_date: 1997-11-22 16:28:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Sentencing Delayed Again 
Everything about Bell's case has been peculiar/unusual.
- posts sent to the cypherpunks list _before_ the bust quoting news
  reports which were dated the following day.
- thinly veiled threatening messages directed to Bell/cypherpunks
  posted to the list mere hours before the bust.
- follow-up posts and threatening private emails regarding Bell's   case sent to the list and individual cypherpunks from the   treasury email system.
- two prominent lawyers having their calls to Bell's legal aide
  attorney after expressing an interest to help in his case.
- the 'usual suspects' advising list members to 'be afraid,' to
  'chill out,' shut up and lay low.
[...] The events follow a classic pattern as described above.
Incapacitation does not result in an information blackout surrounding
the dispensation of the case and a stonewalling of all attempts at
contact the defendant.
You can bet your sweet ass that Bell's volatile mental stability was
not lost on his captors, who would undoubtedly realize that it would
not take a great deal of prodding with the proper medications to put
him in the same frame of mind that allows police social workers to
convince small children that the mayor and the chief of police have
molested them in satanic rituals involving circus animals.
My guess is that he is currently ratting out each and every one of
us for imaginary crimes in return for LEA promises that Comet Hale-Bop
has been recalled in order to pick him up.
Be alarmed. Be very all-armed!
Loch N. Lode

@_date: 1997-11-23 00:08:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A Challenge to the Violent and Depraved 
Speed may be important for efficiency, but don't discount brute force.
A sufficiently powerful bulldozer moving at .1 mph could knock down
those exposed support columns out front.  Likewise a sufficiently strong
ammonium nitrate blast can do it.  Once the columns fall, the whole
front of the building will collapse.
Columns like this are built to withstand compressive force from above.
Strength against side impact is not the principle design goal.
A semi-cylinder IS a conic section.  What you may have meant is that
the blast should have carved out a spherical section of the building.
But of course, once the lower floors are destroyed, the upper floors
collapse.  So a roughly cylindrical section is exactly what you would
And you're saying the government did this, when nobody was looking.
This is total bullshit.  This fact alone shows that the poster hasn't
done his research.  Besides, it doesn't make sense.  What was supposed
to be the purpose of the two blasts?  What was supposed to be happening
during the "several minutes" between the two blasts?  Wouldn't you think
people would get out of the building after the first blast?  Why didn't
any of the survivors report two blasts?
What this is, is a garbling of a report of a nearby seismometer showing
two ground waves a few SECONDS apart.  This can be explained by the
building taking a few seconds to collapse.  It could be a seismological
artifact as well, an echo from a deeper rock stratum.  You'd need to get
an expert seismologist to analyze the trace.  A real expert, not the bogus
"explosives expert" who supposedly wrote this.
The idea that McVeigh is intentionally taking the fall for this is a
real reach.  First, where is his reward?  He's going to spend the rest
of his life in prison.  What is his motivation for not talking, and for
getting involved in this in the first place?
Also, much testimony has established that McVeigh was deeply affected
by the Waco killings, as were many of us.  Such a person would not have
wanted to cooperate with the government.  You have to assume that he was
just pretending to be upset by Waco, that this conspiracy goes back for
Now you've got Nichols involved, and he has to be convinced not to
reveal the truth, either.  Fortier was involved in the planning, as
was his wife.  It's a totally unmanageable situation.  At least with
the Oswald story, they killed the guy who could have spilled the beans.
With McVeigh, he or his buddies could talk at any time.
It's all speculation built upon improbability.  Anybody who believes this
stuff is an idiot.

@_date: 1997-11-23 04:49:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Subliminal Algebra-Seinfield Conspiracy 
Is Dimitri a cossack? a cossock?, a cocksock?, or just a cocksucker? Typos the bane of understanding on the net.

@_date: 1997-11-23 04:55:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 10.5 
nobody since
       Nixon was been impeached for violating his oath of
       office by subverting the Constitution. This suggests
       either that everyone honors the oath or that the oath is
       meaningless.
            Suppose, in a society with a normal level of
       criminal behavior, there were no prosecutions for
       burglary. Would you infer that there were no burglaries
       in that society? Or would you infer, rather, that the
       burglary laws just weren't being enforced?
When a
       bill is proposed in Congress, our representatives almost
       never ask themselves: "Where in the Constitution do
       we get the power to enact this measure?" Instead they
       presume that they have virtually any power they
       choose to exercise. They simply feel no tension
       between their will and the Constitution that is supposed
       to restrain them. This doesn't look much like an ethos
       of limited government.

@_date: 1997-11-23 04:56:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 10th 
Professor George P. Fletcher of the Columbia
       Law School notes             "Not only is [McVeigh's philosophy] in line with
       the conceptions held by many of the nation's
       founders," Mr. Fletcher writes in The New Republic,
       "but it lives on today in the works of an influential
       minority of legal scholars and advocates."
Mr. Fletcher thinks the problem is that we have
       abandoned "the original Constitution" and adopted "a
       new Constitution" without facing the historical
       discontinuity this involves. In his words, "we do not
       teach this historical rupture -- not in our grade schools,
       not in our law schools. We are all good lawyers and
       therefore, like Lincoln, we pretend that the second
       Constitution is simply the natural continuation of the
       founding document."
 The first Constitution
       limited the federal government to external relations
       between the states, leaving alone such internal matters
       as slavery. The second Constitution, instituted by the
       Civil War, gave the federal government new powers to
       intervene within the states through the 13th, 14th and
       15th Amendments
The 10th Amendment, reserving to the states
       and the people all powers not "delegated" to the federal
       government, was not repealed or even modified. So
       Congress' exercise of any power not granted is still a
       usurpation, even under the "new" Constitution.

@_date: 1997-11-23 04:57:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 10.75 - NWO 
It's really a secondary matter whether the
       centralization of power is the result of a conscious
       collusion aimed at creating a world government.
Conspiracies are real, and conspiratorial behavior is
       inseparable from politics, since politics is largely the
       pursuit of power by sneaky people. I don't think Abraham Lincoln intended to destroy
       the independence of the states when he conducted the
       Civil War. He merely wanted to save the Union, and
       he thought in terms of that immediate goal. But it
       doesn't matter what he meant to do. As a practical
       matter, his policy set the United States on a course of
       centralization. The Union victory meant that no state
       could ever secede again, regardless of how tyrannical
       the Union might become. That removed an essential
       restraint on Union -- alias "federal" -- power.
I doubt that Franklin Roosevelt meant to destroy
       all remaining constitutional restraints on the
       government; he merely knocked them out of his way
       when necessary.
In the same way, today's globalists and
       interventionists, forever pursuing international treaties
       and alliances, may think they are promoting peace and
       prosperity, seeing no tyrannical potential in a "new
       world order." But the rest of us have to worry about
       what these arrangements may mean for us and our
       children down the road. Good intentions are beside the
       point. What is the actual tendency of these new
       contracts among superstates?

@_date: 1997-11-23 12:55:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
THE BAY OF CAMELS
 by
 Eric Margolis  25 August 1997
 NEW YORK - The CIA's 50th anniversary last month turned out to be
 the Mother of All Bad Birthdays.   The Agency was still reeling from the defection of senior
 agent Aldrich Ames, who betrayed over 100 agents and CIA's
 inner workings to  Russian intelligence. Ames' monstrous
 treachery almost destroyed CIA's covert branch, and was
 comparable to the near fatal damage inflicted in the 1950's
 on Britain's Secret Intelligence Service by KGB agent, Kim
 Philby.
 Just when things couldn't seem to get worse for the
 beleaguered, demoralized Agency,  details of the CIA's
 biggest, most costly operational fiasco since the 1961 Bay
 of Pigs disaster surfaced - right in time for its golden
 jubilee.  Call it Clinton's Bay of Camels.   This column has followed sporadic CIA attempts over the
 past six years to overthrow Saddam Hussein's regime. All
 failed dismally. But in 1995, bitter family squabbles seemed
 to have weakened Saddam's regime. Two son's-in-law  embarrassingly defected to Jordan with highly sensitive
 military and political secrets.  The army was supposedly
 restive. In mid-1995, President Clinton's new CIA Director,
 John Deutch, and his deputy, George Tenet, concluded Saddam
 was vulnerable.
 Clinton, eager for a foreign policy triumph, ordered CIA into
 high gear to overthrow or eliminate the vexatious Saddam. The
 Agency had long financed a motley,ineffective collection of Iraqi
 exile groups and Kurdish  factions.  This time, CIA focused its
 efforts on the Iraq National Accord(INA), a group of military and
 political exiles, many formerly part of Saddam's ruling circle.   By putting them into power, CIA hoped to replicate Saddam's
 iron-fisted regime - but this time with one pro-American and
 minus Saddam. Most important, the CIA-installed generals
 were to ensure oil-rich Iraq stayed united, and did not
 splinter or fall  under Iranian influence.   CIA set INA up in Amman, Jordan. The US, Saudi Arabia and
 Kuwait provided funding. At Erbil, in the anarchic, US-
 created autonomous Kurdish zone in northern Iraq, CIA
 assembled and trained a small army of exiles and Kurds for
 the invasion of Iraq..    Agents of INA, paid by the US,  embarked on a bombing and
 assassination campaign inside Iraq,  that killed over 150
 civilians. Terrorism is bad, it seems, when used against
 Americans or Israelis, but fine when used against Iraqis.
 By August, 1996, the invasion was ready. It was to begin by  a CIA-organized assassination attempt against Saddam.  CIA's  army of Kurdish rebels and INA men would advance south from
 Erbil and drive on Baghdad, with massive air support from US
 warplanes and helicopter gunships.  Other anti-Saddam groups
 would invade from Jordan and Kuwait.
 Saddam, as usual, knew all about this ham-handed operation
 from his spies  inside INA and Kurdish groups. Souks across
 the Fertile Crescent buzzed with rumors of CIA's `secret'
 invasion.  Saddam struck first - just before the invasion. He  engineered a split between the two largest Kurdish rebel
 groups.  As rival Kurds battled one another, Iraqi armor
 stormed Erbil, the main CIA base in northern Iraq.
 The CIA and its mini-army were totally surprised. Senior
 agents fled their base one jump ahead of Iraqi troops,
 abandoning quantities of top-secret documents, electronic
 equipment, and agent lists.
 Saddam's dreaded secret police rolled up all CIA's extensive
 networks in Kurdistan and Iraq, executing at least 350
 American agents,  Eighty senior Iraqi officers, poised to
 mount a coup against Saddam from Baghdad, were arrested and
 shot.   The biggest. most expensive CIA field operation since the
 Bay of Pigs ended a bloody, expensive, humiliating, $200
 million fiasco.  Blame for this catastrophe must be shared
 by  President Clinton, who ordered it, inept CIA Director
 Deutch, a rank newcomer to covert work, and CIA's bumbling
 senior bureaucrats.
 As usual,  Clinton ducked the debacle and pretended he
 didn't know about it.  Deutch was fired and replaced as
 Director by his deputy, Tenet. True to recent CIA tradition,
 other responsible senior field officers were promoted.  Congress, which is supposed to oversee such major
 operations, has so far shrugged off the disaster.  The fact that the US government was funding terrorist
 bombings in Baghdad - and Tehran - was ignored by Congress
 and much of the media. As were past attempts by US agents to
 assassinate Saddam Hussein, Libya's Col. Khadaffi, and
 Lebanese Shia leaders, though these acts were outright
 violations of American law. In the Mideast, it seems, all
 rules are suspended: The moral compass spins.
 The Iraqi debacle is yet more proof that the bloated,
 demoralized CIA needs massive, not just not just cosmetic
 surgery.  One positive sign: recent appointment of the
 capable Jack Downing, former station chief in Moscow and
 Beijing, as chief of CIA's clandestine Operations branch.
 This is one posting the bureaucrats didn't get.
 Depressingly, the cost of the `bloodless' Gulf War `victory'
 keeps rising. Tens of thousands of American troops sickened
 by gas and germs. Over 100,000 Iraqi children dead from
 malnutrition caused by the American embargo of Iraq, and
 Saddam's stubbornness.  The waste of $200 million plus and
 many lives on  botched attempts to overthrow Saddam. Anarchy
 in Kurdistan. The undermining of Iraq's territorial integrity,
 with potentially explosive consequences for the entire region.  After all this, Saddam still sits proudly on his throne,.
 quite rightly boasting of his great victory at Erbil against
 the Americans.

@_date: 1997-11-24 05:20:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Seeing Both Sides 
To which Tim May replied:
Cypherpunks write code for computers.  Tim May writes code for

@_date: 1997-11-24 14:06:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Aircraft with natural stability, whether a toy glider, a Cessna, or a 747, achieve that stability by designing
the aircraft so that the center of gravity is slightly foreward of the center of lift. The plane is balanced by the
pressure of the tail downward, called the "tail drag". By keeping the aerodymic center (the wings) aft of the
center of gravity, the plane is kept naturally stable. It will fly with the nose foreward. The same with the
flights of a dart or the fletching on an arrow. The stable configuration is with the aerodynamic center to the
rear of the center of gravity. With the exception of modern combat CCV aircraft, which require computer control to maintain stability, all
aircraft, from the Wright Flyer to the Space Shuttle, follow these same principles. Without the nose, the center of gravity of the aircraft would move aft of the aerodynamic center. Continued
level flight in that configuration is an impossability. Trying to fly a 747 without it's nose would be like
trying to throw a dart backwards. Both would tumble, trying to swap ends. In the case of the 747, the
wings, even if they did not tear off while flat on to the 340 knot airstream, would lose all lift, and gravity
would take over. "

@_date: 1997-11-24 20:10:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tremble Bureaucrats 
Telegram from "The Situationist International Anthology" edited and
translated by Ken Knabb
17 MAY 1968 / POLITBURO OF THE COMMUNIST PARTY OF THE USSR THE KREMLIN
MOSCOW / SHAKE IN YOUR SHOES BUREAUCRATS STOP THE INTERNATIONAL POWER
OF THE WORKERS COUNCILS WILL SOON WIPE YOU OUT STOP HUMANITY WON'T BE
HAPPY TILL THE LAST BUREAUCRAT IS HUNG WITH THE GUTS OF THE LAST
CAPITALIST STOP LONG LIVE THE STRUGGLE OF THE KRONSTADT SAILORS AND OF
THE MAKHNOVSHCHINA AGAINST TROTSKY AND LENIN STOP LONG LIVE THE 1956
COUNCILIST INSURRECTION OF BUDAPEST STOP DOWN WITH THE STATE STOP LONG
LIVE REVOLUTIONARY MARXISM STOP OCCUPATION COMMITTEE OF THE AUTONOMOUS
AND POPULAR SORBONNE

@_date: 1997-11-26 09:31:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quoting Portions of a Signed Document 
01> It would be neat if you could quote people and prove that they signed
02> the particular paragraph quoted without supplying the entire text.  Is
03> there a way to do this?  (It seems impossible, but so does mental
04> poker.)
05> 06> A crude approach would be to sign every paragraph or line separately,
07> but that's obviously inelegant.
08> 09> Monty Cantsin
10> Editor in Chief
11> Smile Magazine
12> 13> An easy way to do this works only if the quoted paragraph comes from
the very end of the text.  You can supply the cumulative hash of all
the material before the quoted part, then the quotation itself, which
goes all the way to the end of the document.  From this the hash of the
whole document can be calculated, and the signature checked.
A more general approach calculates the document hash in a line oriented
way.  Normally we start at the top and work down through the document
to get the hash, which is signed.  Instead, we would calculate a hash
for each line of the document separately, and then combine them using a
In the example above hashes would be calculated for lines 1-13.  Call these
H1A - H13A.  Then second level hashes could be calculated by taking H1A
through H13A in pairs:
We repeat this until we have one hash for the whole document:
We sign the final hash, H1E.
Now you can extract a paragraph, say lines 6 and 7 above.  The hashes
H6A and H7A can be calculated from this.  Supply the other hashes needed
to calculate the final hash: H5A, H8A, H1C, H2D, will be enough.  This
will allow calculating H1E and the signature can be verified.  The
required number of hashes will generally be logarithmic in the size of
the missing part of the document.

@_date: 1997-11-28 11:48:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Weather Underground: Search For: Miami (p1 of 3)
                                  [INLINE]
                                  [INLINE]
                             Search For: Miami
                                    WUI
    Weather Underground Find the Weather for any City, State or Zipcode,
   or Country______________________________ Fast Forecast Tropical Storms
                               Hurricane Map
       United States Canada Central America South America Asia Europe
                          Australia Africa Islands
                          Metric | English | Both
   Place Temperature Humidity Pressure Conditions Updated Warning
   Favorites
   Miami, Arizona 51 F 62% 29.9 in Partly Cloudy 7:45 PM MST
   [LINK]
   Miami, Florida 75 F 57% 30.09 in Scattered Clouds 9:56 PM EST
                               Weather Underground: Search For: Miami (p2 of 3)
   [LINK]
   Miami, Indiana 46 F 66% 29.85 in Mostly Cloudy 9:55 PM EST
   [LINK]
   Miami, Missouri 59 F 77% 29.76 in Clear 8:53 PM CST
   [LINK]
   Miami, New Mexico 29 F 69% 29.78 in Overcast 8:15 PM MST
 [LINK]
   [LINK]
   Miami, Ohio 44 F 51% 30 in Clear 9:53 PM EST
   [LINK]
   Miami, Oklahoma 65 F 69% 29.7 in Overcast 5:46 PM CST
                               Weather Underground: Search For: Miami (p3 of 3)
   [LINK]
   Miami, Texas 51 F 46% 29.68 in Partly Cloudy 8:51 PM CST
   [LINK]
   Miami, West Virginia 39 F 62% 30.08 in Clear 9:56 PM EST
   [LINK]
     _________________________________________________________________
                               [LINK] [LINK]
     _________________________________________________________________
              About WUI or Add custom weather to your website.
    Be sure to check out the Hurricane Collection at the Weather Affects
                                   Store
          [INLINE] Copyright  1997 The Weather Underground, Inc.
                 Weather Underground: Miami, Florida Weather Forecast (p1 of 4)
   REFRESH(900 sec):                                   [INLINE]
                                  [INLINE]
                 Conditions and Forecast for Miami, Florida
                          Metric | English | Both
               Conditions at 9:56 PM EST on November 27, 1997
                         Observed at Miami, Florida
                             Temperature 75 F
                                Humidity 57%
                               Dewpoint 59 F
                            Wind East at 10 mph
                             Pressure 30.09 in
                        Conditions Scattered Clouds
                            Visibility 10 miles
                           Sunrise 6:47 AM (EST)
                            Sunset 5:29 PM (EST)
                            Moon Phase [INLINE]

@_date: 1997-11-29 11:02:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Good job NANAE. You really fucked up royally."  -- DataBasix 
^^^^^
Netcom is now requiring "truth in labelling", eh?
I'm sure we'll find out soon enough, since you seem to be so intent
on taunting your readers with your latest mischief.  If you're dying
to tell us, then feel free to do so.  Otherwise, drop it.  Your call.
So you can claim that anything you posted that later proves to be
too embarassing was "forged", right?  That's a lot easier to do if
you don't sign them with the PGP key which you keep advertising in
your bloated .sig, and you make sure they aren't archived by any
NEUTRAL third party.  (Remember when you called someone else [who
shall remain nameless at his request] a "coward" for hiding HIS
posts behind an "X-No-Archive" header?)
Many readers will remember that you were whining pitifully a few
months ago about how remailers were allegedly being used to "forge"
posts in your name.  You were given several suggestions, one of
which was to install PGP, generate a key, and use it to sign *ALL*
of your genuine posts.  Your huge .sig now contains the fingerprint
of a PGP public key that YOU ARE STILL NOT USING.  Still trying to
maintain "plausible deniability" for your posts?
And then a few weeks ago you butted into technical question posted
to alt.privacy.anon-server about Private Idaho with the implication
that the person asking the question wanted to know the answer so
that he/she could commit "forgery".  If you're so concerned about
forgery, why have you not bothered to try what was already suggested
the last time you launched into your "remailer users are abusive
assholes" tirade?
Then why did you demand that Jeff violate the privacy of all of his
users by turning over his user logs to you and Belinda Bryan
?  And when he said that the only condition
he'd release them was in response to a letter FROM YOUR LAWYER,
Belinda Bryan sent such a letter?
Perhaps the remailer users would like to know what purpose you had
in mind for demanding the e-mail addresses of EVERYONE who either
SENT or RECEIVED anonymous mail through Jeff's remailer.
It's your abuse that's not going to work anymore.  You've cried wolf
once too often about "abuse", "forgery", and other imagined
offenses.  The remailer operator did not "prove me wrong".  Reread
his post when you're sober:
  Just to refresh your memory, you were asked whether you had asked
Jeff Burchell to censor any anonymous posts that mentioned your
name.  You stonewalled the question, flippantly suggesting that
he/she ask the operator.  Someone did just that, and Jeff's post is
the result of that.  Looks like you gambled and lost that time!
You can call remailer users "liars" and "anonymous assholes" to your
heart's content, but your censorious actions and those of your
associates at DataBasix speak for themselves.

@_date: 1997-11-29 11:34:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Sadaam Burnore Strikes Again (was: Re: Keman the Klueless Strikes Again) 
If you have evidence to support that conclusion, then do us all a
favor and give it to the authorities so that Gary Burnore can
receive the help he needs.  I can apreciate your motivation to
appease him.  In the past, he's displayed a tendency to shift his
abuse and attacks to someone else (like Scott Dentice) when you've
done that.  But shifting the focus of his attacks doesn't end them.
I doubt that you're even the PRIMARY focus of his tirades anymore,
even though that seems to be the impression he's trying to give.
Gary Burnore, Belinda Bryan, and the rest of the DataBasix wrecking
crew seem to be on a power trip these days.
The fact that he attempted to CONTROL you by posting embarassing
information to the net and threatening to post more unless you
stopped criticizing him gave us a glimpse of his real agenda.  I
doubt that discrediting Ron Guilmette forms more than a tiny
fraction of his and Belinda's overall agenda.  IMO, you and the
fanciful charges he's made against you are only his excuse for doing
what he's been doing.
Exactly.  You've got to do what you've got to do, and I must do
likewise.  Perhaps I don't know the entire background of what's
going on here, and if you'd care to enlighten us all, then by all
means feel free to do so.  My involvement in this controversy
started when my account at Mailmasher suddenly stopped working and
I learned that one of Gary Burnore's buddies, Billy McClatchie (who
calls himself "Wotan"), was behind the attack that shut it down.
I might never have connected that attack to Gary until he and
Belinda Bryan tried something similar against another remailer also
operated by Jeff Burchell and Jeff chose to go public with an expose
(post-mortem, unfortunately) of the abusive tactics that DataBasix
had employed (see URL at the bottom), including a situation where
Belinda Bryan attempted to impersonate an attorney in demanding that
Jeff turn over all of his user logs to DataBasix.  As it turns out,
Mr. Burchell wisely kept no such logs, but what use do you suppose
Gary might found for the e-mail addresses contained in those logs,
had he succeeded in obtaining them?  When Gary uses you as an excuse
to try and violate my privacy and that of other remailer users, then
it becomes my business.
That's exactly what I'm doing.  And I'd suggest that you do
likewise.  If you have reasonable cause to believe that Gary Burnore
would resort to violence against you, then take any and all
necessary steps to protect yourself.  But don't expect everyone else
to shut up in an attempt to appease Burnore.
If and when he chooses another pretext to attack the right to speak
freely on the net, then I'll challenge him on that.  Don't flatter
yourself in thinking that this is primarily about you.  Gary is a
CONTROL FREAK.  He has some underlying need to control what's said
on the net.  When he can't refute the MESSAGE, he attempts to punish
the MESSENGER.  While you certainly saw that happen in your case,
you're far from unique.  And when the MESSENGER is beyond his reach
(posting anonymously or whatever), he attacks the CHANNELS of
communication instead.  When one such attack affected me, then it
became my business.  (A later search in DejaNews confirmed that I
was not the first anonymous poster to draw file from Gary Burnore.)
Involving you in this is Gary's choice, not mine.  When he makes
claims such as "Ron Guilmette used an anonymous remailer to forge my
name", or "rfg sent anonymous letters to harass a teenage girl with
a web page at DataBasix" in order to attack remailers, then you've
just become unwittingly involved in the debate.
Ignoring Gary and his provocations doesn't work, because he goes out
of his way to pick fights with other remailer users.  For example,
he recently butted into a thread over on alt.privacy.anon-server
with an anti-remailer tirade.  Someone merely posted a technical
question about how to do something with a remailer interface
software package and was treated to a "reply" about how remailers
were being used by you to "spam bait" him.  In fact, he did this
with two different threads.
If you haven't been following that saga, I'd invite you to read Jeff
Burchell's account of Gary Burnore, Belinda Bryan, and Billy
McClatchie's attacks on his remailers at:
  If you come up with a way to prevent similar future attacks by Gary
Burnore, then please share it.

@_date: 1997-11-29 12:16:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Non Logging News Servers? Try #2 
One solution to this problem is to run your own personal news server
like "souper" that gathers ALL new news article in a certain NG and
stores them locally for off-line reading.
If you're consistently pulling news messages for the
alt.anonymous.messages NG off of a certain server, it could be
reasonably inferred that you are the intended recipient of at least
SOME of those messages.  But if you use a client that invariably
grabs all the new messages each time, it would be rather difficult
to determine which messages you are interested in.
To avoid traffic analysis, use a software program to pull the
messages for you.  If you do it manually, even if you try to pull
them all, you will undoubtedly read and save them in a certain
order, or spend more time reading certain ones that will betray your
interest in certain messages.
As for employers, any of them that are sophistocated enough to be
monitoring NNTP connections and creating a profile of your reading
habits probably also have their own firewall and news server.  IOW,
if they run their own news server and carry a certain NG, then
they'd have a hard time objecting to your reading it.
It would probably be wise to assume a worst-case scenario and only
deviate from it when you're sure it's safe to do so.  For example,
suppose you used a pseudonym to publish an article that was critical
of the current Ayatollah in Iran, or perhaps deemed offensive to
Islam in general, and you were sentenced to death in absentia ... if
they can find and identify you.  (Sort of an anonymous Salmon
Rushdie.)  Start out assuming you need that level of security and go
from there.  But if someone has gone to the trouble of setting up a
'nym, then he probably perceives a need for more than just a casual
level of security.

@_date: 1997-11-30 00:29:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Good job NANAE. You really fucked up royally." -- sez DataBasix 
^^^^^^^^^^^
Keep up your bigoted remarks towards those of us who'd rather not
contribute our e-mail addresses to spammers and abusers.  Your true
colors are showing ever more clearly with each passing day.
If believing that makes you happy, go right ahead.
You were posting from Netcom, not DataBasix, when you accused the
poster of a technical question to alt.privacy.anon-server of wanting
the the information so that he could permit "forgery".
If you're campaigning for "privacy czar", this isn't going to win
you any votes.  Once again, when you take the time and effort to set
up your own remailer, then you have the privilege of determining
"legitimate reasons for using it".  Have you, Belinda Bryan
, or your other flunkies at DataBasix EVER
had ANYTHING civil to say publicly about anonymous posters?  Care to
cite an example?
You didn't answer the question.  You demanded ALL of the user logs
for Jeff's Huge Cajones remailer.  Why?  What would have happened to
all of the e-mail addresses of his users if Jeff had given in to
that demand?
Just leave remailers and their users the he** alone, Gary!
You call me a liar, then you proceed with your typical "big lie"
technique of accusing me without evidence.  "Posting lies from
behind a remailer"?  Do you fancy yourself to be the "truth squad"
or "Thought Police", Gary?  Have you got a Perl script in your back
pocket that will filter posts for "truth" and "lies" that you'd care
to donate to the remailer net, or should remailer operators just
block all posts that even mention your name just to be on the "safe"
It's interesting that you'd claim "Posting lies from behind a
remailer is one good way to try to get them shut down".  Is that
your goal?  Have you tried that tactic before, perhaps as a pretext
to get a remailer shut down?  Your unproven accusations are a bit
mis-targeted.  I'm the one who's USING a remailer, you're the one
who's consistently CRITICIZED them.  Have you even USED a remailer
(that you'll admit to)?  Have you ever contributed money or
technical expertise to setting up or operating one?  Back when you
were lecturing people on how a remailer ought to be run, you were
politely invited to set up your own and SHOW us all how a remailer
should be run.  That invitation is still open.
You were harassing Jeff in June and yet you weren't able to produce
any evidence of "forged" posts any more recent than February, and
even those appeared to have been forged to LOOK like they had
originated from a remailer.  The problem is, the person who posted
that manufactured "evidence" was not very knowledgeable about
remailers, and attempted to implicate a server, Mailmasher, that
didn't even support header pasting.  (It was a 'nym server, not a
remailer.)  Nevertheless, your associate at DataBasix, William J.
McClatchie, used this bogus "evidence" as part of his campaign to
get Mailmasher shut down.  (Still wanna claim that DataBasix is not
According to Jeff, you also demanded that he block what you called
"inflammatory posts".  He also indicated that he was blocking posts
that contained your e-mail address in the *BODY* of the post (which
most replies to your posts would contain) because YOU DEMANDED IT.
Once again you've been caught in a lie, Gary.  "Forged" From:  lines
were already a non-problem -- it was the CONTENT that you sought to
I might add that while remailers have long ago removed the
capability of "forging" From:  lines to usenet posts, your own ISP,
Netcom, has not.  Maybe you ought to be whining to them and accusing
your fellow Netcommies of being "abusers".  There certainly seem to
be a lot more abuse complaints about Netcom users than there are
about remailer users.  Could it be that spammers and UCErs find
Netcom more tolerant of their net abuse than do the remailers you
continually attack?
You weren't able to send any spam or UCE to my account because I've
never given the address to you.  That, apparently, is what's bugging
you about the fact that I'm anonymous.  We all know about how you
and Belinda Bryan like to Netcop anyone who dares to disagree with
you, but I was not among your victims.  Sorry to disappoint you.
The existence of people like you on the net is one of the best
selling points for posting anonymously and not indiscriminately
broadcasting one's name and e-mail address worldwide with every
post.  It's sort of hard to blackmail someone by posting
confidential information, like old tax liens, if you don't know his
name, isn't it?  Is that what's bugging you about not knowing my
It's interesting that in a recent post, your fellow DataBasix-er
Belinda Bryan expressed concern about her UNLISTED phone number or
her street address being revealed on the net.  So why is it OK to
"hide behind the skirts of" an unlisted phone number, but using an
"unlisted" e-mail address somehow makes one a "dickless coward with
no balls" (to use her own words)?

@_date: 1997-11-30 19:46:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anti-Message 
Wasn't that Toto, explaining why he/she is a Master Baiter of
  This is why it is essential to take every opportunity to attack
the virtual ethinicity of nyms such as NoNookie Masturbateshi.
  In a world that threatens to reduce us all to a nameless, faceless
collection of bits and bytes, ones and zeros, it is essential that
we hang on, as long as possible, to those things which may serve as
tools to separate us from one another, thus helping to keep us from becoming nothing more than generic fodder for the New Electronic World Order.
  Cypherpunks need to burn bridges to the wolves clothing themselves
with the flag of democracy, who are attempting to form us all into
'equal' socialist cogs designed to serve the Evil Machine.
  Cypherpunks need to show minorities how new technologies can be
used to retain and strengthen the differences between individuals,
and to evolve new, virtual minorities.
  So that we can live in a world where hockey players are no longer
allowed to settle their own differences and do their time in the
penalty box, but are, instead, sent for 'sensitivity training' when
they commit Politically Incorrect infractions during a game?
  Easy as pie...
  They can discriminate against you based on the virtual model of you that they build, based on what you reveal about yourself via your thoughts and attitudes, you young, commie-pinko, nigger-loving,
Jew-hating, northern lattitude, piece of shit cocksucker!
  Fuck no!
  Cypherpunk technologies should be used to enable individuals to
build and join in new ElectroMagnetic minorities of their own choosing,
as they find their individuality being slowly stripped away by the New DEMOCoRporATIC World Order.
  Cypherpunks should prepare the citizens of the Information Age to
use and develop the ElectroMagnetic tools which will allow us to
survive in freedom, choosing our own allies and enemies, our own
fate, in a virtual world where wars will be fought over privacy,
access, bandwidth, virtual identity...
  ElectroMagnetic Hitler only wants .gov...
  "They came for the 0's, and I wasn't a 0, so I didn't speak up..."
  When Freeh was Fuhrer, the email ran on time...
  From each, according to his CPU speed--to each, according to his     baud-rate...
  Give me access, or give me death...
  The rights of the citizen to encrypt data shall not be abridged...

@_date: 1997-12-01 09:13:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
Maybe when other ISPs, like Netcom where Mr. Burnore is posting
from, impose similar restrictions it might make sense to implement
them at the remailers as well.  (Remailers might well be considered
the ISP of last resort for those who consider the risks of posting
controversial ideas from a traceable address to be an intolerable
risk.)  Remailer users should not be considered second class
citizens, nor have their capabilities (such as header pasting)
crippled to appease anyone who makes a demand.  Right now, Netcom
users can and do have the capability to put just about anything in
the From: line (or other header lines of their usenet posts.)
Presumably if that capability were such an open invitation to
"forgery", Netcom would either have disabled it or Mr. Burnore would
have cancelled his Netcom account in protest.  Why single out the
Andy Dustman's suggestions seem quite reasonable.  When something is
loaded with disclaimers that the identity of the author has not been
authenticated, then it's not "forgery" -- not anymore than when
celebrity impersonators on Saturday Night Live are engaging in
"fraud" for pretending to be President Clinton, etc.
If Gary Burnore is so concerned about "forgery", maybe he ought to
start using that PGP key he keeps advertising in his .sig to
actually sign his posts.  Unless he does, he's still vulnerable to
forgery from his fellow Netcom users who are still allowed to insert
arbitrary From:  lines in their Usenet posts.  Actually, forging a
post with Gary Burnore's name and address in the From:  line can be
much more convincingly (no disclaimers) done from a throwaway
Netcruiser account, and with less effort than learning the proper
protocol to do it through a remailer.
Munging of addresses is better left to the discretion of the poster.
Let those who perceive a need for this "capability" use it.  At
least one of the mail2news gateways implements that as an option for
those desiring it.  I'm in favor of leaving that choice with the
Mr. Burnore made a similar "forgery" complaint here several months
ago and was advised to PGP sign his posts and request source-level
blocking if he perceived forgery to be a problem.  He has evidently
not taken the trouble to implement the first suggestion and,
assuming he took the second suggestion, he's posted no evidence to
suggest that it's not been effective.

@_date: 1997-12-01 12:18:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
That's absolutely correct.  That disclaimer should be implicit with
EVERY post.  Attaching it to anonymous posts, while technically
correct, gives the false implication that posts without such
disclaimers should be presumed to be genuine.  That's a dangerous
Anyone who wants to post an article with a phony From: address can
do it far easier with a throwaway ISP account and news posting
software that can be configured with an arbitrary From: address
than going to the trouble of doing it through a remailer.
Could it be that the enemies of privacy and freedom, if they can't
ban anonymous posting altogether (at least not right now), would
like to make sure that anonymous posts are stigmatized with the
cyber equivalent of a yellow star?  If some control freaks are to be
believed, the only people who post anonymously are either "abusers",
"cowards", or otherwise have sinister motives for not promiscuously
broadcasting their names and addresses worldwide with every post.
My theory is that what really galls them is that the precursor to
the U.S. Constitution which guarantees freedom of speech (including
anonymous speech) was the ANONYMOUSLY PUBLISHED "Federalist Papers",
and they want to make sure it doesn't happen again. Don't give the Usenet control freaks any ideas!

@_date: 1997-12-01 12:20:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital Signatures 
A very interesting idea!  Please consider the following suggestions if
you like, or feel free to ignore them.
One problem with signatures which have no indication at the top is that
two passes over the data are necessary: the first to scan and find the
start-of-signature indicator, and another to go back and calculate the
hash.  Signatures such as S/MIME and PGP have enough information at the
top of the signed message to allow one pass processing.
You might want to think about what happens if the document itself contains
(maliciously, or perhaps because it is talking about your signatures)
the string in question (as yours does and this one does as well).  This
could throw off an automated signature checker.
Presumably you could use the key hash to look up the key to use for
verifying the message.  This has a mild denial of service attack.  Someone
else could create a key with different boundaries between p, g, and y but
which would create the same string as this concatenation, and therefore the
same hash.  If you left the "p: ", "g: ", and "y: " in place it would
prevent this.  PGP's key fingerprints have had the same problem.
It is intriguing that this can be used to sign a subset of the text.
Presumably there could be multiple signature blocks each of which signed
different subsets, possibly with different keys.  One problem is that it is
not obvious to the human reader what part of the text is signed.  A nice
effect with PGP and S/MIME signatures is that even readers who don't have
the tools can have some slight confidence in signatures, because other
readers will often report it when signatures don't verify.  With a
signature that only covers a portion of the text, people might assume that
if there are no reports of failure, more of the text is signed than is the
case.  This is not a technical problem but is a social phenomenon which may
not interact well with this signature format.
You need to specify a canonical line ending format.  Based on the count
values in your document, it appears that you are counting line terminators
as being one character long.  Your count value of 1CB9 corresponds to
decimal 7353, there are exactly 7353 characters from the first character
of your message body to the beginning of your signature magic number, if
line ends are one character.
The specific characters for line endings need to be specified as well
for the hash to be calculated consistently.  Your hash appears to be
calculated with LF as the line ending (although the hash program is
broken, see below).  Probably CR/LF would be preferable for the line
endings as that is a widely used internet standard as well as being
common on windows.
That program has a bug.  The routine SHA1_update in the file sha1.c
is missing a line:
   while ( ctx->mlen == 64 )
   {
      convert_to_bigendian( (word32*)ctx->M, 64 );
      SHA1_transform( ctx );
      use = min( 64, data_len );
      memcpy( ctx->M, data, use );
      ctx->mlen = use;
      data_len -= use;
***   data += use;  ***  MISSING  ***
   }
Correcting this will make your hashes be correct.
El Gamal is a rather lengthy signature, although the verification equation
is relatively simple.  DSS has a shorter signature.  If you report not
r,s, but rather r,w where w is the inverse of s mod q, then the
verification is: r = g^(M*w) * y^(r*w) mod p mod q.  It's not really
much more complicated.
There are some subtleties to choosing El Gamal keys, but with the 2048
bit values you have chosen you are pretty safe.  You want to make sure
that the generator g doesn't generate a small subgroup; to do this you
need to look at the factors of p-1.  Your p-1 has several small prime
factors: 0x2^3, 0x3, 0x6b, 0x16f, 0x1f79b, 0x3533a1eb3.  Beyond that
is a 1978 bit composite which I can't factor.  Chances are very high
that a random g will generate a group of size which is a multiple of a
large prime factor of this large composite value, so it is strong,
although not quite 2048 bits strong.
Also, you can't really justify using 2048 bit keys when your hash is
only 160 bits.  The hash becomes the weak link for keys beyond about
1024 bits, and unless you use a stronger hash your key strength is
misleading.  This is why DSS is only specified up to 1024 bits.

@_date: 1997-12-01 12:45:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nuclear Physics Study Group 
Lucky Green :
Is this really unrelated or does it represent growing ambition
by the cypherpunks shooting club ?  Will you be asking for anonymous
donations of SNM ?
I could be interested, but not in the manner of the above 2 sentences.
A Nym To Be Generated Later

@_date: 1997-12-01 13:03:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Pasting in From: 
For one thing, many newsreaders list messages by From:  and Subject:
line.  By putting in a distinctive From: line, your posts will be
identifiable without readers having to download and read each message
By pasting in a From: header, an anonymous poster can thus make his
posts recognizeable.  Pasting in a Reply-To doesn't accomplish the
same thing.  In essence, pasting enables one to adopt a
non-replyable pseudonym.  Why burden the 'nym servers if the poster
doesn't want e-mail replies to his posts?
The alternative suggestion of posting from a replyable 'nym address
does not really address the issue.  If one wants to post with a
make that any more difficult than doing it from a non-anonymous ISP?
(If "jolly ol' St. Nick" is worried about his e-mail address being
forged, he can always request source blocking.)

@_date: 1997-10-01 15:44:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ecash Remailer #1 
Maybe Ian Goldberg would be kind enough to explain?  Messages sent to
ecash-remailer at cypherpunks.ca with payment pop out at anon.efga.org.
That's all I know.
Personally, I would like to see the message come from the
"ecash-remailer".  My guess is that people who pay 25 cents will write
more interesting messages.
Also, it (or a remailer after it) seems to be eating subject lines,
which is less than ideal.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-01 23:21:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Using a remailer doesn't hide the fact that the sender is using a
remailer.  An eavesdropper who monitors incoming messages to the
remailers can easily learn who is using them.  A constant bandwidth
connection will at least disguise *when* the messages are sent.

@_date: 1997-10-02 01:34:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Those who are newcomers to the list should know that Vulis has never
presented any evidence substantiating his vague claims that Stronghold is insecure or has backdoors (or whatever the claims were).  Vulis is
conducting a personal vendetta against one of C2Net's staff members and anyone who happened to be or become associated with him.

@_date: 1997-10-02 01:39:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Agreed, mostly.  But your solution would be more expensive.  "Constant
bandwidth" does not mean you have to soak up every available bit, it
just means you your usage should be consistent and look the same from
the outside whether you are sending things or not.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-02 05:34:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
I guess the conclusion, then, is that gun control is bad for the whole
world, not just Europe.
It's harder to police a hostile population which is well armed.
The popularity of an argument can be independent of its worth.
"To defend yourself in general" is commonly used.  War, oppressive
government, and political turbulence are the most likely situations in
which people need their weapons, even in the United States.
You mean like the former Yugoslavia?  Or do you mean like the parts of
Europe where people are not slaughtering each other at the moment?
I have to confess that I am surprised at the level of resentment among
the members of various Europeans countries feel towards other European
countries.  For example, the Germans don't like the Dutch because when
they visit they are treated badly by, among others, the police.  The
Dutch don't like the Germans because, well, they got to know them a
little too well in the 1940s and they are nursing the grudge.
With that sort of situation, anything can happen and it can happen
quickly, even if things seem mellow right now.  And these little
resentments and jealousies are felt between far more groups in Europe
than just between the Dutchies and the Germans.
Let's also take a look at the Dutch performance during their
occupation.  While there certainly were many courageous Dutch people
who helped refugees (at great personal risk, to say the least), and
there were many courageous Dutch people who were in the resistance,
there were also many Dutch people who did not perform so well.  Not
only were a large number of Jewish people turned in by Dutch
informers, but there were even Dutch SS units.
I basically think well of the Netherlands and its people, but it is
important to recognize that certain unpleasant characteristics exist
in a large portion of the population of even a nice country.  It is
unlucky to pretend that these characteristics can never be expressed.
Let's turn to the Western Hemisphere: El Salvador.  During much of the
1980s, the U.S. government supported groups of people in El Salvador
who were sending out death squads to murder their suspected opponents.
The U.S. certainly acquiesced in this activity - of this there is no
doubt.  But, it is not unlikely the U.S. was more directly involved.
(Only fifteen years earlier the U.S. was doing the same thing in
What would have happened if the citizens of El Salvador were
adequately armed?  One thing you wouldn't see is a death squad going
into a neighborhood to kick down some innocent's door and murder him
or his family.  At least, you wouldn't see it twice.
Likewise, when the communist guerrillas were forcing (maybe) the
peasantry to support them, the peasants would have no need to
cooperate unwillingly if they were well armed.
People who are well armed are less likely to become pawns, victims, or
slaves.  That is desirable.
Incidentally, the consistent support the U.S. government has shown for
murderous or even genocidal governments is of great concern to those
of us who live in the U.S.  It is unlikely that these tactics won't be
used here were there a serious political struggle and a disarmed
An issue that might possibly blossom into such a political struggle is
mass surveillance.  While the mass media is, for the most part, giving
everything the government's spin, and while large numbers of
Congressmen and other denizens of Washington, D.C. think it's a good
idea, the bulk of the population is not happy about this at all.  They
can read the writing on the wall.  The potential for conflict between
the political class, which has a long history of murder and even
assassination, and the American people exists right now.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-02 06:53:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
Of course you agree wholeheartedly, you are an exploiter.  It is
wrong.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-02 06:56:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
How good will it be to have total conformity?
What will be left of singularity?
And personality?
And you and me?

@_date: 1997-10-02 11:29:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Or use something like anonymous broadcast.  Send (fixed sized, constant
rate) packets continuously around a fixed set of remailers.  Messages may
or may not be inserted into these packets, and with encryption it is
impossible to tell which node inserted a message (and only until the
packet completed the circuit could you tell - inside the machine
originating the broadcast).  Messages would be resent through the set of
remailers, and could be PK encrypted to one of the other nodes.  With the
broadcast being anonymous, the reciever within the set cannot know who it
came from (and theoretically because it is encrypted, no one could know
who it is to except the sender, and you can do something to create
anonymous target packets). You would still need some mixing for low usage times (or wait for N
messages and circulate a control "forward now" message, so that 10
messages come in sequentially and are held, and then at an even interval,
10 messages go out from random nodes.

@_date: 1997-10-02 23:34:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash (fwd) 
Jim Choate:
Jim Choate has been amazingly clueless throughout this discussion, but
this takes the cake.  Does he really not know about encrypted nested
chaining?  My God!  Of course remailers work this way, Jim.  They've
worked this way practically from the beginning.  All remailers work this
way.  The mixmaster remailers are built around this idea, making each
packet a constant size and adding dummy packets as new ones are stripped
off, so outgoing messages look just like incoming ones.
How can you be arguing about remailers when you know so little about how
they work?
That won't help.  There would be no point in doing this.  I'd ask you
to explain, but that would just prolong the agony.

@_date: 1997-10-03 02:03:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CDA protects against liability 
Another case where the CDA protected against liability.  Remailer ops
should look into this.
A San Francisco judge has ruled that a lawsuit that
sought to force an Internet service provider to silence a Usenet
participant is barred by the federal Communications Decency Act. At issue was a claim by San Francisco Satanists Michael and Lilith
Aquino that San Diego-based ElectriCiti Inc. "breached its duty to the
[plaintiffs] and to other Internet users" by failing to take action against
an anonymous Usenet poster. The newsgroup participant allegedly harassed Michael Aquino, a
former US Army lieutenant colonel and the leader of the Temple of
Set, and his wife, Lilith. The claimed harassment took the form of
messages referring to the Aquinos' involvement in a ritual child-abuse
investigation in San Francisco in the 1980s. The couple was never
charged with any wrongdoing. Superior Court judge David Garcia accepted ElectriCiti's contention
that the lawsuit violated a little-discussed and still-in-force CDA
provision that exempts ISPs from liability for content transmitted on
their networks. The law states that "no provider or user of an
interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker
of any information provided by another information content provider." The decision is one of three such cases nationwide that have been thrown
out because they attempted to hold ISPs responsible for subscribers'
speech, said ElectriCiti's attorney, Roger Myers.

@_date: 1997-10-03 05:04:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
How about our friend J.F. Avon?  He has the misfortune to share
citizenship with Ms. Brown.  Thus, while he may be minding his own
business, doing nobody any harm, and pursuing happiness, should he
decline to spend thousands of hours of his life working to pay money
into Ms. Brown's socialist schemes, armed men will come to his house,
put him in a cage, and leave him there for years.
That's not a very friendly way to treat a neighbor, is it?
In the United States, many thousands of people correctly recognize
this situation.  Many thousands of people are gun owners.  Many
thousands of people are not only gun owners, but combat veterans.  The
logical outcome would be great violence directed towards the
government.  Yet, this has not happened (recently ;-).
Why?  Certainly if the sums at stake were involved between
governments, there would be fodder for many wars.
The only conclusion that can be drawn is that civilians, even armed
civilians with combat experience, are so overwhelmingly peace loving
that they will bend very far backwards to avoid trouble, even if it
means thousands of hours of work.  Can the same be said of career
military or government people?
Tools which are not used are not improved.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-03 05:07:24
@_author: Georgia Cracker Remailer Administrator 
@_subject: CDA protects against liability 
This remailer-op, while not previously aware of the case, is well-aware of
that provision of the CDA, but has not yet had the need or opportunity to
use it as a legal defense. The reference is Public Law 104-104, Title V,
Subtitle A, Sec. 502 as it amends (47 U.S.C. 223). The text of this law is
available on-line at:
        My interpretation of this is: Anonymous remailers are internet service
For information on this anonymous remailing system, send the subject
"remailer-help" to  or visit our web pages at
 To contact the operator directly, send mail
to . For general information and discussion about
anonymous remailers, send a message with "subscribe" in the body to

@_date: 1997-10-03 05:10:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
You know how the remailer operators do all their work now for free
because they believe in it?  And how all this software has been
written and given away because people believe in it?  Maybe some other
people will help pay for the maintenance of the remailers because they
believe it is the right thing to do.
Especially since it need not be forever.
And, I have to believe that out of the millions of well heeled
Internet users, there are enough privacy oriented people to pay for a
small remailer network, at the very least.  We just have to get the
ball rolling, that's all.
This is isormorphic to using ecash if you want to keep the messages of
each user disassociated from each other.
I don't grow my own wheat, grind it up, and then make my own bread.  I
also prefer not to run a remailer.
If we use ecash, you can sell anything in exchange for remailer access.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-03 05:26:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
No doubt VerityMonger knows this, but many others may not: "New World
Order" was a phrase originally coined by Josef Goebbels.
Interestingly, the term "European Community" arose out of German
industrial discussion groups in ~1944 who were trying to find a way to
salvage the German position at the time.  One idea was to make peace
and attempt to establish a "European Community".
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-03 06:15:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
It certainly affect civilians!  Most of the people who die in wars are
not in armies.  They are in villages, towns, and cities.  Roughly 50
million people died in World War II.  Perhaps 15 million (numbers
approximate) were soldiers.  Being unarmed is often unlucky.
It can result in that, certainly.  But somehow the next time your
country is overrun, I doubt you would take your weapons (assuming you
had any) and give them to the invader in the hope that this will
increase the likelihood of your survival.
Ah, if they know which home to blow up they will.  But they won't.
(Unless they get their hands on the government gun registration
records.  Then they'll know which homes to go to.)
Sometimes we do.  Study the Black Panthers.
You raise a good point, though.  I believe that widespread gun
ownership acts as a dampener on conflict.  People discover that they
really can respect Group X enough to cut some kind of deal rather than
herding them into concentration camps.
The dynamic here is probably complicated.  It isn't as simple as "Oh,
we don't want to go after them, they have guns!"  That underlies the
process, but usually it translates into respect.  (Look at how people
feel about a "Mafia Don" versus "some greaseball working in a
restaurant".  Most people despise the man in the restaurant, even
though when presented in neutral terms they claim to respect his
behavior.  What's the difference between these two people?  It isn't
that one is the nicer guy.)
Should things progress to the point where armed troops are attempting
to haul people out of their homes, the availability of firearms acts
to drawn attention to what is happening.  The people committing the
acts are getting very strong signals that Something Is Wrong.  The
cost of collecting people increases dramatically when they are armed.
In Berlin the assembly area for Jewish people was originally somewhere
in the center of the city where other civilians could see what was
going on.  This caused discomfort and a certain amount of unrest
amongst the population, so they moved the assembly area to the
outskirts.  But, there would be no denying the implications of
automatic weapons fire all over the city.
Would this guarantee survival?  No, it would not.  But, in my opinion,
it would increase the odds.  You can imagine it going wrong: "We won't
be safe until we get rid of all those Jews and they damned assault
rifles!"  But, probably it would go the right way.
- From day to day this may be true.  But we are talking about those
exceptional circumstances that arise every few decades, especially in
countries where the peasants are not allowed to own weapons.
And, you might want to take a look at the numbers.  How many people
have been murdered outright by their own governments in the 20th
century?  (This number excludes wars, which probably isn't
It clocks in at well over 100 million.  (Anybody have the actual
number?)  It takes a lot of bar shootings to get up to those kinds of
Thank you for your kind offer.  If things go to hell here in the U.S.
in the next couple of years I may take you up on it.
Yes, I have been in Europe.  I drew my conclusions from talking to and
observing many Europeans.  It wasn't what I expected, but it caused me
to understand European history a little better.
In the U.S., even when we are ragging on another ethnic group or
another country, there is always this feeling in the air that is sort
of naughty and low class to be doing it.  In Europe, I did not sense
this at all.  (That's not all bad.  It's not hypocritical.)
People had all sorts of interesting views about people in other
countries.  I was particularly shocked by European anti-semitism.  You
can find people in the U.S. who will talk about "those New York Jew
bankers" and the like, but I hadn't really seen hardcore anti-semitism
before.  By hardcore, I mean people who see all Jewish people as
belonging to the same nationality, regardless of their passport.  And,
they don't think of this as a particularly remarkable thing.  They see
it as just one of those obvious facts that it would be foolish to
Jewish friends who travel in Europe have had repeated experiences
where people want to treat them as Jews, rather than as Americans of
the Jewish religion, which is what they are.
I did see.  It was most interesting.  I had a long conversation with a
Dutch man once.  He was very pleasant, civilized, and intelligent.
Then he started telling me about the Germans and how pushy they were,
how they always butt in line, etc. etc.  I've heard similar things
from other Dutch people.  I personally witnessed a (very minor)
I have some German friends who were foully treated by the police in
the Netherlands, too.  These people are decent, polite, professional
people.  I have no doubt they did nothing whatsoever to provoke this
treatment.  (By "no doubt" I mean that we are talking about the most
civilized people I have ever known.)  But, they will never return to
the Netherlands and I don't blame them.
You might want to try a little experiment.  Are you capable of
appearing to be German?  If you can get the style and the body
language down, try coming into the Netherlands as a German visitor and
see what kinds of response you get.  If you can really fool people
into thinking you are German you will probably learn something
interesting about your country.  (It might be hard to pull this off,
Now, now, now.  Don't get all excited.  I said it was nice country,
didn't I?  I said some bad things about my own country, didn't I?  The
fact is, I think if you randomly selected people from the Netherlands,
in general you would do pretty well.
However, let's not deny what happened historically.  Even nice
appearing people do bad things.  And they aren't always Nazis, either.
As for racism, Europe is not without racism.  It's hard to quantify it
and hard to compare, but I suspect to a very great extent, America is
seen as being racist because we discuss it, feel guilty about it, and
try (sort of) to do something about it.  (Never mind all of the ethnic
groups in the U.S. that find they are able to live together
harmoniously, even though their ancestors in Europe were continuously
at each other's throats.)
I've had two American friends who were beaten in Europe in racial
incidents.  One was white, one was black.  One of them spent time in
the hospital.  Both crossed the racial line all the time in the U.S.
without incident.
This may be true, but it's hard to tell.  The climate is not conducive
right now, either.  What would happen if it suddenly became clear that
anti-semitism would promote one's career?  I think you would find them
coming out of the woodwork again.
What are people in death squads like?  Believe it or not, they are not
so different from ourselves.  They also have fears.  People do, in
fact, act on their fear from time to time.  If you think that while
you are busy "shooting first" at some guy that maybe his neighbors
won't mind blowing your head off for it, you are going to behave more
At the very least, it will cut down your nightly "take" by at least
70%.  That's a big deal if you are part of the surviving group.
If you were faced with somebody you believed would enslave you, would
you throw away your weapon in the hopes your life would be spared?  I
doubt this very much.
It was hypothetical.  I don't know if such a serious political
struggle will arise in the near future.
If most Americans don't give a damn, it will be very unlucky for
troublemakers like the cypherpunks.  In fact, though, most Americans
do give a damn.  Look at the great effort the government has to go
through to get Americans into wars.  It is a source of endless
frustration to the elite that the population won't just hop into wars.
Wilson and Roosevelt were both elected on peace platforms before
getting us into the World Wars.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-03 06:39:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
C2 employees informally mentioned libel suits to several cypherpunks,
such as Tim May.  Given that a good percentage of the company, perhaps
a majority, was involved with this incident, it seems reasonable to
judge the character of the company based on these actions.
This incident changed my view of C2 considerably.  Initially I held
them in the highest regard.  No longer.
(Your employment by C2 should have been mentioned in your post.  Many
people on the list may not know about it.  It is relevant.)

@_date: 1997-10-03 09:16:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
Are you serious?  The messages dropped were those which made (spurious)
claims of weaknesses in C2 products.  And later messages were dropped
which attempted to discuss the dropping of earlier messages.
The effect was that subscribers to the filtered list not only were not
exposed to the messages critical of C2, they were prevented from knowing
that a controversy existed about the filtering policies.
There can be little doubt of the truth of these facts.  One of us is
remembering things wrongly.
And yes, if the moderator were a McDonalds employee and he not only
dropped messages which criticized McDonalds, but also filtered out later
messages complaining about his actions, then I'd jolly well blame him.

@_date: 1997-10-03 11:33:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Kitsch! 
- From the "Unberable Lightness of Being" by Milan Kundera.
Part Six, "The Grand March"
Section 6
  Sabina's initial inner revolt against Communism was aesthetic rather
than ethical in character.  What repelled her was not nearly so much
the ugliness of the Communist world (ruined castles transformed into
cow sheds) as the mask of beauty it tried to wear - in other words,
Communist kitsch.  The model of Communist kitsch is the ceremony
called May Day.
  She had seen May Day parades during the time when people were still
enthusiastic or still did their best to feign enthusiasnm.  The women
all wore red, white, adn blue blouses, and the public, looking on from
balconies and windows, could make out various five-pointed stars,
hearts, and letters when the marchers went into formation.  Small
brass bands accompanied the individual groups, keeping everyone in
step.  As a group approached the reviewing stand, even the most blase
faces would beam with dazzling smiles, as if trying to prove they were
properly joyful or, to be more precise, in proper agreement.  Nor were
they merely expressing political agreement with Communism; no, theirs
was an agreement with being as such.  The May Day ceremony drew its
inspiration from the deep well of the categorical agreement with
being.  The unwritten, unsung motto of the parade was not "Long live
Communism!" but "Long live life!"  The power and cunning of Communist
politics lay in the fact that it appropriated this slogan.  For it was
this idiotic tautology ("Long live life!") which attracted people
indifferent to the theses of Communism to the Communist parade.
Section 7
  Ten years later (by which time she was living in America), a friend
of some friends, an American senator, took Sabina for a drive in his
gigantic car, his four children bouncing up and down in the back.  The
senator stopped the car in front of a stadium with an artificial
skating rink, and the children jumped out and started running along
the large expanse of grass surrounding it.  Sitting behind the wheel
and gazing dreamily after the four little bounding figures, he said to
Sabina, "Just look at them."  And describing a circle with his arm, a
circle that was meant to take in stadium, grass, and children, he
added, "Now, that's what I call happiness."
  Behind his words there was more than joy at seeing children run and
grass grow; there was a deep understanding of the plight of a refugee
from a Communist country where, the senator was convinced, no grass
grew and no children ran.
  At that moment an image of the senator standing on a reviewing stand
in a Prague square flashed through Sabina's mind.  The smile on his
face was the smile Communist statesmen beamed from the height of their
reviewing stand to the identically smiling citizens in the parade
Section 8
  How did the senator know that children meant happiness?  Could he
see into their souls?  What if, the moment they were out of sight,
three of them jumped the fourth and began beating him up?
  The senator had only one argument in his favor: his feeling.  When
the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.  In the realm
of kitsch, the dictatorship of the heart reigns supreme.
  The feeling induced by kitsch must be a kind the multitudes can
share.  Kitsch may not, therefore, depend on an unusual situation; it
must derive from the basic images people have engraved in their
memories: the ungrateful daughter, the neglected father, children
running on the grass, the motherland betrayed, first love.
  Kitsch causes two tears to flow in quick succession.  The first tear
says: How nice to see children running on the grass!
  The second tear says: How nice to be moved, together with all
mankind, by children running on the grass!
  It is the second tear that makes kitsch kitsch.
  The brotherhood of man on earth will be possible only on a base of
Section 9
  And no one knows this better than politicians.  Whenever a camera is
in the offing, they immediately run to the nearest child, lift it in
the air, kiss it on the cheek.  Kitsch is the aesthetic ideal of all
politicians and all political parties and movements.
  Those of us who live in a society where various political tendencies
exist side by side and competing influences cancel or limit one
another can manage more or less to escape the kitsch inquisition: the
individual can preserve his individuality; the artist can create
unusual works.  But whenever a single political movement corners
power, we find ourselves in the realm of totalitarian kitsch.
  When I say "totalitarian," what I mean is that everything that
infringes on kitsch must be banished for life: every display of
individualism (because a deviation from the collective is a spit in
the eye of the smiling brotherhood); every doubt (because anyone who
starts doubting details will end by doubting life itself); all irony
(because in the realm of kitsch everything must be taken quite
seriously); and the mother who abandons her family or the man who
prefers men to women, thereby calling into question the holy decree
"Be fruitful and multiply."
  In this light, we can regard the gulag as a septic tank used by
totalitarian kitsch to dispose of its refuse.
Section 10
  The decade immediately following the Second World War was a time of
the most horrible Stalinist terror.  It was the time when Tereza's
father was arrested on some piddling charge and ten-year-old Tereza
was thrown out of their flat.  It was also the time when
twenty-year-old Sabina was studying at the Academy of Fine Arts.
There, her professor of Marxism expounded on the following theory of
socialist art: Soviet society had made such progress that the basic
conflict was no longer between good and evil but between good and
better.  So shit (that is, whatever is essentially unacceptable) could
exist only "on the other side" (in America, for instance), and only
from there, from the outside, as something alien (a spy, for
instance), could it penetrate the world of "good and better."
  And in fact, Soviet films, which flooded the cinemas of all
Communist countries in that cruelest of times, were saturated with
incredible innocence and chastity.  The greatest conflict that could
occur between two Russians was a lovers' misunderstanding: he thought
she no longer loved him; she thought he no longer loved her.  But in
the final scene they would fall into each other's arms, tears of
happiness trickling down their cheeks.
  The current conventional interpretation of these films is this: that
they showed the Communist ideal, whereas Communist reality was worse.
  Sabina always rebelled against that interpretation.  Whenever she
imagined the world of Soviet kitsch becoming a reality, she felt a
shiver run down her back.  She would unhesitatingly prefer life in a
real Communist regime with all its persecution and meat queues.  Life
in the real Communist world was still livable.  In the world of the
Communist ideal made real, in that world of grinning idiots, she would
have nothing to say, she would die of horror within a week.
  The feeling Soviet kitsch evoked in Sabina strikes me as very much
like the horror Tereza experienced in her dream of being marched
around a swimming pool with a group of naked women and forced to sing
cheerful songs with them while corpses floated just below the surface
of the pool.  Tereza could not address a single question, a single
word, to any of the women; the only response she would have got was
the next stanza of the current song.  She could not even give any of
them a secret wink; they would immediately have pointed her out to the
man standing in the basket above the pool, and he would have shot her
  Tereza's dream reveals the true function of kitsch: kitsch is a
folding screen set up to curtain off death.

@_date: 1997-10-04 00:31:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: legal question of DSA-based signatures? 
I have before me a statement made by Information Security Corp.:
"The Comptroller General has ruled that, for the purposes of electronic
commerce, DSA-based digital signatures are as legally binding as hand-
written signatures."
Can anyone verify this?

@_date: 1997-10-04 02:13:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
There were three lists.  The unfiltered list did not go through the
moderator's hands in any way and continued to received all messages
(which is how unfiltered subscribers found out about the problem).
The filtered list had the posts approved by the moderated.  Then there
was supposed to be a "flames" list where the moderator sent posts he
had rejected.  In theory, the moderated+flames lists should have the
same contents as the unfiltered list.  Here is the original statement
by the moderator laying out his policy:
Here is a message from a pseudonymous poster laying out what actually
happened.  Many list members may not have seen this message, unless they
were subscribed to the unfiltered list.
and here is a letter to him from the moderator, confirming this fact:
In sum, no messages were filtered from the unfiltered list, which
is how cypherpunks who avoided moderation learned of the situation.
The messages were eliminated from the regular (moderated) list, but they
were not sent to the "flames" list, contrary to the stated policies.
No hint was given to the subscribers to the moderated list, which was
the majority, that this was being done.  Messages referring to these
facts were also filtered.  A sad episode indeed.

@_date: 1997-10-04 06:20:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
While it is true that Dmitri is a proven liar in the grand tradtion
of the Soviet Union (shout a lie long enough and loud enough and eventually some people will start to believe it), and a pathological
homophobic bigot (who secretly enjoys sucking cock but wears womens
clothing to disguise himself), he was absolutely right in decrying the
moderation experiment that was thrown at the list earlier.
Sandy did drop his C2 rantings from both moderated and flames lists,
because he considered them libelous.  That's a line of bullshit -- it
wasn't for him to decide libel or not.  It's for a jury to decide.
Sandy wouldn't have been held responsible in either case because he
could have hidden behind the "ISP protection" clause of the CDA.
As a moderator who was tasked with spreading the bullshit in one of
two places, he simply could have thrown it to either of the lists
and claimed it was his duty as moderator to put it out.
Of course, by that time Dmitri had so little reputation capital that
Gilmore patched Majordomo so it wouldn't even respect a subscription
request for him.
Dmitri's allegations shouldn't even have gone to the flames list -- they should have gone to the moderated list.  If Stronghold has a
weakness, or even a perceived weakness, it's crypto relevant.  But,
when Dmitri writes anything, he's got to attach a "cocksucker this"
or "molester that", which makes everything he writes libelous.  So,
even if he had proof that Lying Fuck Freeh were a axe-murderer, he'd
fuck it up and call him "Louis Freeh (cocksucker)", which would continue to throw his credibility down the toilet.
Ultimately, Dmitri's allegations of weaknesses in Stronghold, true or
not, are totally irrelevant.  Without mathematical proof of a weakness,
he simply cannot be believed to ever be telling the truth.  So, if
C2 said to him in private e-mail, "if you call Sameer a cocksucker one
more time, we'll slap a libel suit across your emigrant ass, take back
your green card, deport you and tell Russia that you called Yeltsin a
cocksucker," well, I can understand why he shut up.  Actually, I don't think Dmitri knows of any real weaknesses.  As I
recall, I think he made up some fictitious homosexual connection between Sameer and a law-enforcement agent and suggested that there
was a "back door" in Stronghold (pun intended.)  Of course, I didn't
archive any of his spew from back then.  Nobody did, he raved so
long and loud at the moderation and Gilmore and everybody that it
was all my delete key could do to keep up with his shit.
So, don't hold your breath waiting for a repost of previous lies
from our dear Kook of the Fucking Century.  He might get caught,
so he's moved on to new lies now.

@_date: 1997-10-05 02:23:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
It is time to spread some new propaganda,
especially in America.
One of you with some money should get bumper
stickers made up. Make them look nice, with
a nice clean font and very simple, say dark
lettering on a white background, noble looking.
Have them say this:
    I am an anarchist.
    I do not believe in government.
Simple. Gets the point across.

@_date: 1997-10-05 10:49:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Jes' Fishin' / Re: Stronghold (fwd) 
I was just trolling on a sunny Sunday afternoon, not really caring
if I caught anything.
However, Jim is too small-minded, so I think I'm going to have to
throw him back.
Jes' Fishin'

@_date: 1997-10-05 19:26:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New PGP "Everything the FBI ever dreamed of" 
PRETTY LOOSE PRIVACY
   Published: April 2, 1996
   BY SIMSON L. GARFINKEL
   Viacrypt, an Arizona company that sells the popular program Pretty
   Good Privacy, or PGP, last month announced a new version tailored for
   businesses. The new program allows companies to ''decrypt'' -- and
   then read -- information sent to or received by employees without
   their knowledge or consent.
   An employee's right to privacy is nebulous at best. The Electronic
   Communications Privacy Act of 1986 specifically allows companies to
   monitor the electronic mail of their own employees.
   That has not stopped Zimmermann from complaining loudly about the PGP
   name being used in a product that allows someone other than the author
   or the intended recipient access to information. Viacrypt owns the
   licensing rights to sell the commercial versions of PGP.
   ''PGP does not stand for back doors,'' said Zimmermann. ''I don't mind
   if they sell a program that has a back door in it, but they shouldn't
   call it PGP.''
   ''If your employer can read your mail anytime he wants, without your
   permission, that goes against the spirit of the PGP trademark,'' said
   Zimmermann.

@_date: 1997-10-06 00:53:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Stronghold 
known to
Vulis may
about this.
The information regarding the security flaws in Stronghold comes at a
pretty dear price currently. With the increasing value of this type of
information in the corporate underworld, the bugs and backdoors in
security software that are revealed to the world make up only a small
portion of those that are known to exist by those who have the funds
to purchase them.
For every free spirit who publishes a security flaw, there are a dozen
enterpreneurs who recognize the value of the information they hold.

@_date: 1997-10-06 03:37:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Quor's cipher 
It seems to be roughly a cross between a stream cypher and a block cypher.
Search engine turned up absolutely nothing on this.
An actual crypto post on a cryptography list?  How unusual.... ;-)

@_date: 1997-10-06 14:48:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Unicorn an NSA agent?  WAS: New PGP "Everything the FBI ever dre 
Mr. Avon is talking about agreements, I believe, although he is using
the private property approach to argue that there is certainly a
meeting of the minds between the two parties.
It seems reasonable that employees may agree to give up their rights,
for example their inalienable right to stay at home and watch TV, in
exchange for employment.
When the employment agreement is at will, as most are, it seems
reasonable that the company may change it whenever it pleases: "If you
wish to continue working here, you will have to let the company read
your mail."
This is complicated by the bizarre legal environment which employers
face in the United States.  In practice one would have difficulty
terminating an employee by changing the "at will" agreement.
More generally, it seems a good guess that Mr. Avon would not object
to an agreement with a company in which the company was able to
continuously monitor the employees communications or activities.
(This is why the private property approach can confuse people: this is
not the core issue.)
Guess you miss out, then.  ;-)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-06 15:19:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Unicorn an NSA agent?  WAS: New PGP "Everything the FBI ever dre 
I have never seen or even heard of an instance where it was necessary
to go through an employee's electronic mail.  Has anybody else ever
witnessed such a situation?  While we can construct hypothetical
circumstances, in practice the need for this feature is rare.
What, then, are some sources of the (alleged) demand?
1. PGP is preparing to compromise with The Great Satan, and to have a
viable company after The Fall.
2. Secure software is becoming perceived as naughty.  Given the
insecure legal and regulatory environment in which companies operate,
a perception as a naughty company can be expensive.
2.1 Drug testing is an example of similar behavior.  In practice, few
companies implement an effective drug testing program.  External
image, then, is the likely motivation.
3. Many companies have a corporate culture of dominance over their
employees.  This is yet another way of expressing their perceived
position.  (Perceived, that is, by the employees and the employers,
but not perhaps by outsiders.)
3.1 Common drug testing techniques have sado-sexual overtones.
4. Companies may not wish to have their right to read employee mail
challenged.  (Were employees to commonly protect their mail from
employers, the common practice could, in time, be transformed into a
right, regardless of contractual agreements.)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-07 09:52:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: russia_1.html 
Peter Trei:
Decay, rather than fission, I suppose.   I believe there's a treaty
prohibiting nuclear weapons in space.  Not so surprising if they're
inpractical - political points for nothing.
Bill Frantz:
Replacement of tritium is certainly the dominant need.
As for the decay products - it depends how close they get to pure 239.
Half-lives: (years)
Pu 238       89
Pu 239    24000
Pu 240     6500
Pu 241       15
Pu 242   400000
D             0.015
T            12.3 The only books I have to hand contain _thermal_ cross-sections.  :(
If it's an H-bomb I was under the impression you don't care that
desperately about the size of the plute yield - only that it is enough
to start the fusion.
Anybody know what happened to the proposed fissionless H-bomb of the '60s ?
Presumambly it never got working.

@_date: 1997-10-07 16:34:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: russia_1.html 
Peter Trei:
No.  Fission, not decay.  Pu239 decays into U235, which explodes just fine.
The problem is that background radiation (cosmic rays, etc) causes the Pu
to fission.  This sets off a chain reaction which fissions other Pu atoms.
If you have less than a critical mass, this will eventually burn itself
out, but it makes a mess of your core in the process.
As for space nukes, well, if you go stick something up in orbit where its
exposed to all sorts of radiation to destabilize the Pu... well you'll be
lucky if it doesn't melt down, much less last very long.  Furthermore,
there is all sorts of junk in low earth orbit, sooner or later something
is going to knock it out of orbit...
- NukeMonger

@_date: 1997-10-08 00:21:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Right to Work for Nobody 
I understand your argument here, but I have to disagree with some of your base assumptions.  There are people who are in situations beyond their control, working their asses off.  Born to the wrong parents, with the wrong skin color in the wrong neighborhood, or got a girl pregnant at age 15 and instead of leaving her on welfare and running off to finish law school (unlike a few senators) he did the "right" thing and married her; and then this poor schlep takes two 40-hour/week jobs at McDonalds to try to make the rent payment on some rat-infested converted warehouse.
What's the difference between his 80+ hours per week and the C.E.O. of K-Mart's 80+ hours per week?
I'm not saying that society owes him anything more than the chance he already had (and blew); rather, I'm just pointing out that there are more people lined up at the dole than just socialists crying, "there ought to be a law."  Some of them are truly hard workers that either had shit-for-luck when they needed it, or no scruples when they should have used them.
Which would you choose in the above situation?  Abandon the girl & child to welfare and go on to run for president, or marry her and lead a hard life of squalor, working 80+ hours per week trying your damndest to stay out of the welfare office?  Get a better job, in this factory town that just closed down and has 25% unemployment?  You're glad for the two jobs you've got.
Or how about a worse case:  your car is hit by a poor, lazy drunk driver with no insurance, leaving you paraplegic and blind?  Your occupation used to be carpenter, and you worked 80+ hour weeks including night jobs for friends, but you never could afford long-term medical insurance.  Your insurance company claims you recorded your car's VIN number incorrectly, so they're not liable for covering you.  What do you do?
Your company makes some chemoglarb for use in rat poison.  You've worked 80+ hour weeks trying to get a job as the safety coordinator because the company needs one desparately.  They have a toxic leak before you get the job, and are bankrupt before the affected workers see their last paycheck.  You're laid off, and now you can't even sit up in bed because of the damage to your lungs.  What do you do?
Or you're black, working 80+ hour weeks at a job trying to get ahead.  Your white coworkers start talking about lynching you for being uppity.  What do you do?
Before condemning all of humanity asking for handouts as lazy scum who don't deserve them, consider all these people in situations that didn't deserve to be there any more than you deserve to be rich.  You have many advantages:  brains, education, situation, location.  They have more than equal (or even overwhelming) disadvantages:  injuries, responsibilities, situations, locations.  There are some people in truly shitty situations.  So, what do we OWE them?  That's easy -- *nothing*.  They were not offered a signed contract when they were born saying that life would be fair to them.
Should we help them?  That's a different question.  A friend of mine has a T-shirt that says "Detroit -- where the weak are killed and eaten."  That's a common enough response in the animal kingdom, but are we higher than that?  Sure, people like you will ignore them on the streets because they're "Somebody Else's Problem."  Does that make it more or less fair for the people who actually give a shit about others and do something to help them?  Or, maybe we're just stupid for trying to drag the injured gazelles along with the rest of the herd.  Maybe we should just let them fall to the lions.
Here's a toast to your long good health and continued prosperity, so I don't have to sweat hauling your sorry ass up from the lions some day in the future.

@_date: 1997-10-08 01:26:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
FBI trainees goof, nab innocent teen-agers
October 3, 1997 Web posted at: 9:35 p.m. EDT (0135 GMT)
ELIZABETHTOWN, Pennsylvania (AP) -- Armed FBI trainees in bulletproof vests and camouflage surrounded a group of teen-agers, handcuffed them and forced them to the ground before realizing they had the wrong people.
The trainees were taking part in a training exercise at a town square Wednesday night in which they were apparently supposed to nab others taking part in the drill.
Instead, up to 30 FBI trainees jumped out of a caravan of vehicles and descended on the innocent teen-agers, bound their wrists with plastic ties and ordered them to lie face-down on the sidewalk.
After about 30 minutes, the agents set the teens free.
The FBI would not comment on the specifics of the drill, but an FBI official apologized Friday and two agents visited the home of one of the youths Thursday night to express their regrets.
Copyright 1997   The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

@_date: 1997-10-08 15:29:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
In your long message I was unable to locate an area in which the New
York Times "got it flat wrong".  If anything, your post was more
alarming than the newspaper article.
What you call "fragility" is properly called "security".  Would you
describe 128-bit keys as more "fragile" than 40-bit keys?  Why is PGP,
Inc. inventing propaganda terms for the authorities?
It is fascinating to me that every example you use does not involve
decrypting transmitted messages.  Yet, that is the feature which is
under discussion.
The demand for the ability to decrypt encrypted messages in the
corporate environment can easily be measured with this test: how many
companies have a policy that requires employees to record all outgoing
This is a red herring.  Nobody has been talking about regulating
cryptography as a matter of public safety in a serious way.  Why is
PGP, Inc. posing non-threats to justify its actions?  Probably because
its actual, all too obvious, motivations are unpalatable to the
cypherpunks and probably to most of its customers and supporters.
They are not unpalatable to Big Brother, however.
I suggest that in the future we do not meet at the PGP, Inc.
headquarters and that we do not treat this company as a trustworthy
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-08 18:11:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Abuse of Authority 
These excerpts should be useful to those attempting to understand the
FBI motivations regarding domestic control of cryptography.

@_date: 1997-10-09 00:04:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
For what its worth; Australian Financial Review 8-10-97
Power play to plug in the Internet
In what could usher in a new era of competition between telephone
companies and electric utilities, engineers have developed a
breakthrough technology that lets homeowners make phone calls and
access the Internet at high speeds via the electric outlets in their
If the technology from United Utilities plc and Northern Telecom Ltd
proves commercially viable, it could transform power lines around the
world into high-speed conduits on the information superhighway.
Because electric utilities are wired into virtually every home and
business, the new technology could provide easy entry into the phone
and Internet access businesses, thus posing a serious threat to
current providers of those services.
United Utilities, a power company, and Northern Telecom, a Canadian
maker of telecommunications gear, confirmed that their system was
"ready for mass market", but declined to reveal details.  The two
companies have tested phone service over power lines in about a dozen
UK households over the past 12 months -- with positive results,
according to Alistair Henderson, chief of technology at Energis plc,
the telecommunications unit of National Grid Group plc.
AP-Dow Jones
=A9 This material is subject to copyright and any unauthorised use,
copying or mirroring is prohibited.
Ooops i didnt know my mailer was loaded orifacer

@_date: 1997-10-09 06:06:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
Two problems.  First, not all mail clients let you archive the mail in
a different form than how it arrived.  Netscape 3 worked like this, maybe
4 too.  If the mail comes in encrypted just to an employee key, that is
how it will be stored, and no business access is possible.
Second, what if an employee doesn't come back from vacation?  You've got
messages sitting in his inbox which go back three weeks.  All encrypted
to his personal key, which is gone.  It's been long enough that the
senders may not have backups any more.  It's all lost, and at best the
company is going to put its partners and customers to a great deal of
inconvenience by making them re-send everything they've sent in the last
three weeks, not to mention making the company look incompetent.

@_date: 1997-10-09 07:16:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
Decrypting files and decrypting messages are not the same problem.
The PGP product has SMTP support - it is explicitly designed to weaken
transmitted messages.  Just like Clipper.
No.  I am making the distinction between files and messages.
It is quite easy to use a key for encrypting files which is different
from encrypting your messages.  The key for encrypting files can then
given to the appropriate company officer.  It has been possible to use
PGP in this mode forever.
What is new is the feature set which will make it very easy to impose
GAK on the customers of PGP.  According to Mr. Schneier, the code is
just sitting there in all their products waiting to be compiled in.
The answer to the question I posed is "No".  The example you cite
requires the company to review message before transmission, not
After transmission, the recipient of the message can submit it as
evidence to the SEC should there be an impropriety.  This is no
different from the way it works now.
There is probably a context issue here.  It sounds like you do not
share the context within which many people on this list are operating.
The Big Problem for PGP, Inc. right now is that in 18 months or so
their products may be illegal to use within the United States.  While
many of the rank and file in the company may be willing to accept
corporate dissolution under those circumstances, the board, the
investors, and the senior management are unlikely to welcome that
So, they are preparing for that situation.  They are releasing
products with GAK support right now.  By the time it becomes mandated
by law, it will be easy to compile the well tested features into all
of the products, or just discontinue their line of privacy products
and sell only their Big Brother Inside products.
The corporate key becomes the government key with the stroke of a pen.
PGP, Inc. is betting that they'll win either way.  If GAK goes down in
flames again, they can still trade on their reputation for being The
Good Guys.  If GAK becomes mandated by law: "We didn't want to do it,
but we had no choice."
Some of us may be in the habit of thinking of PGP, Inc. as the hero.
However, the problem with organizations is that they are easily
Does this mean everybody in the organization is now working for the
government?  No, it does not.  Most likely there are many PGP, Inc.
employees who are feeling uncomfortable with this new development but
they are being given the same lines we are getting.  Many of these
people are probably getting an additional "inside scoop" from their
leaders that explains the "real" strategy.  Hopefully, the rank and
file at PGP knows that people you like and see in the hallways every
day will still lie to you if they think their career depends on it.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-10 00:45:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
The danger with the PGP system is that it could be easily perverted into
a British style trusted-third-party system for GAK.  The government
would set up a key management infrastructure to provide an official
repository and CA to register keys.  It could even be "voluntary" if
only government-approved CAs had liability protection which private CAs
didn't have, making it hard for the privates to compete.
However the price to use the government registry is that each key has
to use the PGP features to specify a TTP as an additional recipient.
Every message encrypted to that key should also be encrypted to the
TTP key.  Only government-approved TTPs may be used, and although
there are many to choose from, all have to provide easy and secret GAK.
The PGP 5 software will then automatically encrypt to the TTP key.
Yes, this can be defeated using superencryption or faking the
additional-recipient block in the message.  But we know any scheme can
be defeated.  It still satisfies the government's requirement to get
routine access to most email communications, and to allow criminals who
use standard email packages to be watched.

@_date: 1997-10-10 10:07:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
I beg your pardon!
Next you'll be telling us that PGP doesn't really use Skipjack.  ;-)
_Of course_ it isn't Clipper.  But, it's like Clipper in the most
important way: it is surveillance friendly.
The use of Clipper was not compelled.  We hated it because if it were
used to any degree at all, its use would become mandatory.
PGP Inc.'s Big Brother line of products play the same role Clipper
did, only they are wrapped up in PGP Inc.'s "Good Guy" image.  PGP
Inc. may succeed where William Clinton and The Spooks failed.
Were we to behave consistently, we would treat the company with the
same level of trust and respect the present administration receives.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-10 10:11:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Applying ``Crowds'' idea to anonymous e-cash. 
Almost everything we do could be called "conspiracy".
John has a good idea here.  Let's give it room to grow.

@_date: 1997-10-10 11:33:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Defeating MITM with Eric's Secure Phone 
My apologies if this has already been discussed, but wouldn't this be
a straightforward solution?
Alice and Bob use PGP as a secure, identified channel to exchange a
random 6 digit hex number.  For example, 0xC926D0.
When they establish their Comsec connection, they read 0x5F92E4 off
their units.
Alice takes the digits C, 9, and 2, and adds them mod 16 to 5, F, and
9 to get the digits 1, 8, and B, which she reads to Bob who confirms
them.  (Adding just the digits instead of larger numbers means that
Alice and Bob can do the computation in their heads.)
Bob takes the digits 6, D, and 0 and adds them mod 16 to the digits 2,
E, and 4 to get 8, B, and 4.  Bob reads them to Alice who confirms
Any flaws?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-11 01:35:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: America as a Shake Down Extortion State 
Bullshit!  Fuck the lawyers!
By wasting time and money in the courts bickering about the stupid laws that buffoons in Congress pass in order to justify their existence, we are only ignoring the real issue: you cannot use the system to change the system.
What amazes me is the amount of time and energy well-intentioned folks piss away trying to convince legislators to "do the right thing".  By paying attention to these idiots, we are in effect legitimatizing their actions.  If enough people come to their senses and ignored this bogus legislation, we will all be much better off in much less time.
Tim May wrote elsewhere:
Spend the money on deploying the technology.  Don't waste it lining the pockets of scum legislators and their litigious brethren.
The big question is do PGP, RSA, Netscape et al have the balls to stand up
for themselves and tell the DC politcos to fuck off?  We can only hope...
[ Imastun ]

@_date: 1997-10-11 05:44:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
How about arbitration?  Two parties may wish to make an agreement to
be judged by an arbitrator of their choosing.  In certain cases, the
State can be expected to intervene.  If only the arbitrator knows the
signatures to be valid, the State has no fair basis on which to make
an intervention.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-14 08:21:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
On terrorists, one of the Four Horsemen.
IS THE ASSAULT ON NATIVE INTELLIGENCE &
GOOD WILL WE CALL THE EVENING NEWS
ANYTHING OTHER THAN AN ACT OF TERRIORISM?
What was the Gulf War but terrorism
wearing the death mask of order?--
One big car bomb it was
the guys who drove it
are dying now one by one--ignored!
Is acid rain a form of terriorism? (Think for yourself.)
Is GATT or NAFTA anything but a pact among brigands--the World Bank, the
   IMP their backup men?
How long before they fight over the spoils?
Who'll do the fighting for them?"

@_date: 1997-10-17 01:32:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: what can we do about PGP sell out and CMR? 
You've got a lot of nerve accusing PGP, Inc. of being "sellouts" when
you're over on open-pgp pushing KEY ESCROW, of all things.  I can see it
now, the new product name, "PGP with Key Escrow".  Motto: "Lose your key?
Don't worry, we've got a copy."  Do you really think cypherpunks are
going to support key escrow?  Fat chance.

@_date: 1997-10-18 11:28:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: CMR Monkeywrenching Itself 
If you send the above message repeatedly, changing a single character
at a time, in increments (X0a1a2.../aXa1a2...) some interesting things
happen to messages encrypted to two keys, especially if they share a
one-time pad.
These 'interesting things' are wonderful tools for prying open the secrets of a foreign key, using what you already know about the key
you are in possession of.
If you happen to be working with an encryption program that unwitting
allows you to access the one-time pad it is using (or to *supply* the
one-time pad it uses), then you can crack secret keys during your lunch
breaks and still have time to complete a level of Doom before it is
time to get back to work.

@_date: 1997-10-22 07:10:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: index.html 
"Today, we decided to hook up the computer that controls the power supply
of several states to the most hostile WAN in history.  OMIGOD, THERE'S
AN INSECURE POWER GENERATION CONTROL COMPUTER HOOKED UP TO THE INTERNET!
Everyone in the US, $2 please, so we can fix it."
This sounds like a bad cyberpunk novel.  Two crackers in some hotel room
in a hyper-crowded city in Japan, hacking the "power control network".
Suddenly, one of them stops and says, "Shit."  The other looks up,
startled.  The first says, "I forgot.  This is against the law."  A
pause.  Then they both start rolling around a floor covered with anti-
static bags, polystyrene, and fast-food cartons laughing until they turn
When I hear the "Law has failed to keep pace with technology" mantra, I
get the feeling that lawmakers want license to pretend that Moore's Law
applies to them, as well.  Double the amount of criminal laws and regs
every 18-24 months.  "We think we can do what we want with what we already have.  Give us the
money anyway."
Nuke them from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure.

@_date: 1997-10-22 08:10:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Everyone has a "right" to speak to the government on
any subject whatsoever, which cannot be abrogated by
contracts, agreements or willful desire. A populace
that holds no secrets is a safe populace. This
is why we are officially announcing the formation of
a federal agency, the Government Agency of Knowledge.
Its role will be to obtain - by whatever means
necessary - any and all knowledge of all actions,
desires, means and ways of everything transpiring on
US soil. Duties will include holding cryptographic
keys in escrow, monitoring and assuring the wholesomeness of private and encrypted data traffic,
and analyzing all available "knowledge patterns" of
US citizens.
Since honest, good citizens have nothing to hide, GAK
will be a major advance toward protecting American
citizenry from crime, terrorism and other
human-meditated harm. After all, your government has a right and duty to
protect you.

@_date: 1997-10-22 18:53:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital signatures 
Tim Maytag carries a turd in his wallet for identification purposes.
      _______c___c
     /       /_  _\
       ((6)(6)) Tim Maytag
    (  )_  __\\  //__
    o___n) (nn)\o/(nn)

@_date: 1997-10-24 01:49:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Singaporean control freaks & CMR 
Define "in transit".  Specifically, when exactly does email stop being
"in transit".  When it is received on a mail server?  Transfered to the
destination computer?  Displayed to the user?  Saved in an archive?
How long might a piece of email spend "in transit"?  Compare and contrast
with the amount of time a piece of data from an encrypted phone call
spends in transit.  Or an SSL protected HTTPS web transaction.
Do you understand the difference between transit times of a fraction
of a second and of days or weeks?  Does this suggest any differences in
the need for recovery of encrypted data "in transit"?
Not all communications are alike.  The longer data spends "in transit"
the more need there is for recovery features.

@_date: 1997-10-24 05:27:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Note from PGP employee on MRK (sic) 
I would hope that the employees of PGP, Inc. take a deep breath and
seriously consider the many cogent and well thought out points its
critics have made.  We haven't seen much of this, unfortunately.
(And those who are claiming that their critics are rude should recall
how Dorothy Denning was treated.)
It is the unfortunate reality that good people can join a good company
which then later does bad things.  This can occur due to moles and
internal subversion, greed, or simply foolishness.
I have seen repeated claims by PGP, Inc. employees that they are
privacy zealots.  I'm sure some of them really believe what they are
saying.  But, these points are irrelevant if the result is the wide
dispersal of tools which can be effortlessly converted into a
mandatory GAK system.
A number of people have been arguing that it is necessary for the
company to issue snoopware because they can make money doing it.  How
often have we rejected this argument when the company is AT&T, ITT,
Standard Oil, United Fruit, or Microsoft?  This rejection is proper,
and it applies to PGP, Inc. like any other company.
Another claim is that by making money selling snoopware, the proceeds
may be taken and used for privacy software.  Wouldn't it make more
sense to earn money in some more palatable way and then plough the
proceeds into a company which is writing privacy software?
I'm sure most PGP, Inc. employees would reject the "We had to destroy
the village to save it" line of thinking if it were found in any other
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-25 03:59:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
I don't think you know who I am, but I wrote this message.
These are "my" words, but "I" am anonymous.
So I am wondering - who owns these words?
Who owns the words of an anonymous author,
who is responsible for the actions of an unknown party,
and who is to say that this is so?

@_date: 1997-10-25 10:12:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: GMR in the talked-about form here would be unconstitutional 
In practice it could be implemented as "any government key" where
there are, perhaps, a few thousand to choose from.  Each key is
administered by a small group of "trusted" bureaucrats.
No one person need control the secret key.  There are key splitting
systems so that the key is active only when N number of people insert
their cards into a secure box, for instance.  And, of course, we will
be told that the "trusted" bureaucrats will only collude to decode
messages when a warrant has been issued.
This would be enough to eliminate most of the concerns regarding
warrantless searches for any court which was more sympathetic to GAK
than the Constitution.
As for free speech issues, if certain thoughts and images are illegal,
such as those deemed to be "pornographic", it shouldn't be much harder
to claim that a bunch of bits of the wrong form is actually a
technology issue and unrelated to free speech.  The same goes for
source code.  There are all sorts of rules about what kind of
"technical data" may be exported which are certainly far away from the
original Constitutional vision.
Hopefully, the courts will protect the Constitution if the other two
branches are unwilling to do so.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-26 09:25:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: poverty traps (Re: Sa 
Violins coming!  ;-)
Let's call the mother Janice.
Below you mention she receives $800 in child support, so she is seeing
$2800/month in cash.
The government is not Janice's friend.  It takes away $18,000 from her
each year and plunges her into poverty, sort of.  If you are appealing
to the government to assist Janice, first ask it to get the hell out
of the way.  (I realize you may just be saying that Janice's plight is
unavoidable, not that she should be helped with government money.)
Janice should be baby sitting.  Were she to take in 4 kids at
$500/month, she would make as much as her job and be able to watch her
own kids during the same time.  This income need not be reported.  The
parents of the other kids would be getting a good deal because their
kids would get much more attention than at daycare.  Some might even
consider it a good deal to be able to hire someone with a Master's
Degree in Education!
Uh, doesn't this mean $1000/month for five people after rent has been
Telephone: $20/month
Electricity: $40/month (?)
Heat: $100/month (?)
Food: $600/month (generous)
Goodwill Clothes: $100/month (generous)
Total: $860/month
The food is generous because four of the five are kids, the oldest
only being 12.  Kids don't each much.  The actual amount should be
much lower.  If Janice joins a food coop and optimizes her buying
choices for cost and nutrition, the actual cost of food could be
dramatically lower.  If Janice does not practice vegetarianism, she
should start.
Clothing at the Goodwill costs next to nothing.  $1200/year should be
more than enough, not even considering that the younger kids can wear
clothing cast off by the older kids.
Janice should not be driving - she cannot afford it.
The cost of schoolbooks is negligible.  (Aren't they provided by the
school, anyway?)
Of course, there is no law that requires one to live in New York City.
It seems pretty clear that making money was not her top priority.
It's never been a secret that teachers are not top earners.  I'm not
seeing a description of somebody who really tried to make money in a
serious way.
Being "more marketable" does not mean "obtain a masters degree in a
field which is renowned for low pay."
Good for her.  It sounds like Janice may have the strength of
character to turn her situation around.
You should both read "Your Money or Your Life" from cover to cover.
This book will help teach Janice and yourself how to live efficiently.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-29 06:15:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: cryptographic anecdotes 
has a picture and name of the person
with the RSA tattoo.

@_date: 1997-10-30 04:13:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [URGENT] Secure checksums 
Warning: if you fuck Timothy C[unt] May in the ass, a rabid tapeworm might bite your penis.
\0/   \0/\    \ /    /  \0/  \0/   \0/\    \ /    /\0/   \0/ Timothy C[unt] May
    /  /)    |    (\   |    |    /  /)    |    (\  \    |

@_date: 1997-10-30 05:13:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Anti-Privacy Agenda of Gary Burnore/DataBasix (was: Re: Netcom ripped me off) 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
More classic double-speak from the DataBasix Gang, I see...
Nice try at changing the subject, but it's you, Gary Burnore ,
and Belinda Bryan  that made such a pitiful whine about the
need to post with "real names".  It's irrelevant whether the pseudonyms you use at
Netcom are "legitimate addresses" or not.  Anonymity involves concealing your NAME,
not your ADDRESS.  Since your post does not contain your name, it's an ANONYMOUS
post, just like mine is.
Unless you're trying to claim that "moonman3" is your "real name", then you're a
whining hypocrite.  Personally, I don't care what your "real name" is.  You have every
right to "hide behind the skirts of" a pseudonym, if you so choose.  But if you do so,
you have no right to criticize someone who utilizes a remailer to protect his/her
privacy rather than an ISP like Netcom.
Like it or not, my e-mail address is my personal property.  If I want someone to send
e-mail to me, I'll give it to them.  I need not broadcast it indiscriminately to
accomplish that purpose.  I need not subject myself to the abuse that seems to befall
those who dare to publicly challenge Gary Burnore and his tactics as the price of
free speech.  Such abusive tactics are a form of de facto censorship.
Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind.
 -- General William Westmoreland

@_date: 1997-10-30 07:28:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: poverty traps (Re: Sa 
Ignoring the ethical issues (Is it ethical to lie about your income?
Is it ethical to break the law?), the consequences would probably not
be too severe, if there were any consequences at all.  We've seen
several cabinet level people conspire to shield their employees from
paying income tax and at least one of them (Ron Brown) did not even
leave office.  Nobody went to jail.
Or, consider the record for prostitutes.  How often do they go to jail
for neglecting to pay income tax?  Never, I believe.  Prosecution would
be hard after all, they receive cash and they spend cash.
You could also do other low risk or even legal things like trading
services.  Maybe a discount is given to parents who will watch
Janice's kids once in awhile.  Maybe they trade services for
food. Etc. Etc.
You would be of more help to your friend Janice if you did not try to
find reasons for her to fail.  The reality is that 8 kids will not
cause thousands of dollars of damage every month.
Also, I left some play in my calculations.  She doesn't actually have
to make $2000 a month to break even because she already "makes" $1000
by watching her own kids.  That means she only has to make $1000 each
month to break even with her job.  Let's say the tax rate is 50% (it's
much lower), and she charges $500/month per kid.  Then, 4 kids will
result in an income of $1000/month.
There's still some fat there.  We haven't computed how much she'll
save in work related expenses.  You mentioned $120/month in mass
transit costs.  How much for clothing?  If she has to dress
professionally, $1000/year is quite a conservative figure.  (Don't
forget dry cleaning.)
And we haven't considered the fact that she can charge more money
because she is a babysitter and not a daycare center.
Seriously, I don't think my figures are inaccurate.  How much can a
three year old eat?
And, incidentally, I doubt very much that you or Janice even know with
any accuracy what her actual expenses are.  Janice should be tracking
every expense to the penny.  She should review her spending on a
regular and scheduled basis to see where she could be spending it
An adult who is not all that careful can comfortably buy enough food
for $200/month.  But, Janice should be more than careful.  She should
be fanatic about lowering this expense.  This will work better if she
looks at as an interesting puzzle to work out rather than a chore.
She should practice vegetarianism.  Not only that, she should be
carefully studying other poor people for ideas on how to get by on
just a little income.  Peasants of India, Mexico, and China will all
have interesting tricks.  For instance, the stereotypical Mexican diet
of corn and beans just turns out to be an optimal combination.  The
amino acids missing from the corn are found in the beans and vice
versa.  (How a bunch of "ignorant" peasants figured this out is a
mystery to me.)  There are many books on living inexpensively on a
vegetarian diet.  They tend to have titles like "Chinese Cooking on 25
Cents a Day".
These books may be found at the library, or at a used bookstore, or
even be borrowed.
It is somewhat ironic that you can spend much less money and eat
better than most Americans.
Also, she should hunt up a food coop.  I am sure there is one in her
area.  Usually you can volunteer some nominal amount of time and
receive at least a 10% discount.  Sometimes more.  Also, buying
staples in bulk can dramatically lower costs.  (Best to make sure you
like lentils before buying a fifty pound sack, though.)  Food coops
usually have people around who know a whole lot about living
inexpensively.  They may also have a lending library.
Anyway, you will find (hopefully) that there are thousands of ways to
improve one's situation.  They (usually) aren't painful - when you
find a new one it's fun.  After awhile you discover you are not in a
bad situation any more.  Isn't that exciting?
But of course you have to do things you don't want to do to put
food on the table!  This is true everywhere.
The key question is this: why should somebody else labor all summer so
you'll have food in the winter?  All a "free market" advocate is
saying is that you should not force the other guy to raise your food.
You have to persuade him to do it for you, perhaps by doing something
for him in return.  If you think about it for awhile you will realize
that this is a profoundly pacifistic belief.  And a very reasonable
and realistic one.
If nobody else values your natural painting talent it won't be of much
use getting food on the table.  You'll have to find something else you
can do for other people which they want and which you don't mind
doing.  How could this possibly be unjust?
No, you don't understand the idea.  You are looking at it like this:
"How can we engineer this system so that everybody will do just fine
(by my definition.)"  The Cypherpunk point of view, to the extent
there is such a thing, is something like this: "It is not right to
dictate to other people what their life choices should be."
People will make mistakes.  People will get unlucky.  Some people will
get very unlucky and die (early).  Most Cypherpunks prefer this to a
world where we all live in little cells and have food brought every
day.  One way to solve the problems of the Janices in the world is to
tell them what to do: Do not raise four kids.  Do not get a lame
degree.  Do not get divorced.
This would solve Janice's "problems".  So what's wrong with the
picture?  Well, Janice apparently wanted four kids.  She apparently
wanted a degree in education instead of computer science.  How can we
judge whether getting married wasn't a worthwhile risk?  How can we
judge the value Janice places on her children?
The answer is: we can not and should not.  But, likewise, just because
Janice took some chances and it led to minor problems, that does not
mean that anybody else is obligated to worry about them.
The problems Janice has are called "real life".  Things may not be
what she wants right now, but they result from her choices and her
decisions.  To me, and most Cypherpunks, that is preferable.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-30 07:39:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Choices 
That is exactly correct.
FYI, these discussions are about free adults.  Not about dependents
like children.
Right on!
I guess we have to do our best anyway!
But, seriously, most of the possible outcomes we are aware of.  You
gave the example of driving.  Everybody knows that having an accident
is a possible outcome of driving.
She obviously knew it was a possibility.  I mean, look around you!  It
happens all the time.  This used to be the reason people formed
marriage contracts.  They used to be respected and when not respected
(Incidentally, Janice's child support payment is absurdly low.  This
is a situation where a marriage contract would really have some value.
Funny how the government isn't protecting women and children anymore -
you would almost think they didn't really care.)
Her decision, though.  Too bad it didn't work out better.
It is a great tragedy of our society that marriage contracts cannot be
freely made and that the terms and conditions are not enforced.  For
the most part women and children pay the price.
(Also, the fact that pre-nuptial agreements are not consistently
followed by the courts is tragic.  Obviously, if you are wealthy you
should be able to marry without exposing yourself to gold diggers.)
Just because you go with the herd does not mean you did not make a
But, really, I'm not convinced that Janice did make a mistake.  Some
people really want to have children.  Some people really want to have
a nice stable marriage which lasts decades.  To get that you have to
take chances.  Sometimes it won't work out.  That's life.  But that
doesn't mean that it wasn't worth a try.
Ummm....who else should be responsible?
But, what you are on your way to imposing is your reality on everybody
else.  This is implied by your skepticism of the "free market".  If
people are not allowed to freely make choices and arrangements with
each other, it is implied that somebody else will be making choices
and arrangements for them.
The "screw 'em all" statements usually arise when people begin to
claim that because somebody has done well they should help other
people who have done poorly.  Often, perhaps in Tim's case for
example, the person making the statement also started in a less than
ideal situation and through stubborness and years of hard work,
investing, and luck managed to do quite well.
To have some worthless rotter come along and claim they are somehow
entitled to your hard work and perseverance can be known to cause
great anger.  Try putting yourself in somebody else's shoes.
Actually, most of humanity only mildly cares, at best, about people
they do not know.
Consider those poor people.  Many of them spend many tens of hours
each week watching television when they could be learning new skills,
fixing up the house, or making their lives better.
They could also be cleaning up their neighborhood, helping the people
that live around them, or just volunteering in the soup kitchens.  For
the most part, poor people don't spend any time to speak of helping
out other people.  It isn't because they can't - it's because they are
not inclined to do so.
I completely disagree with this.  The "screw 'em all" statement is
actually an exhortation for these people to take responsibility for
their own lives.  It's a recognition that people do have the ability
to learn and change but that other people can't do it for them.
It's also a recognition that if they will not learn and change that
they better not show up at the May house looking for handouts!
There are very few people who never had a chance.
But, let's say you do manage to find somebody who fits that
description.  Who do you believe should help them?  In my opinion,
since you claim to care, you should help them.
BTW, do you actually express your care for other people by helping
them in any way?  My guess is that you don't.  (By "help" I mean
actual help such as giving them food or shelter or something like
that.  I do not mean helping by belonging to some political party or
There is plenty of pain and suffering in the world and instead of
working hard every day from morning to night alleviating it you are
living in New York City and sending messages to the cypherpunks list.
Wrong?  By your standards it should be.  In my case, I prefer writing
these little essays to helping poor people.  Most people make this
sort of choice all the time.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-31 05:47:26
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [FWD] Re: Burnore preworthily larine circumgyrate (Who Care?) 
Gary L. Burnore  whined:
I'm sure Ron Guilmette (who you've accused elsewhere of doing this) would be smart enough to know that it doesn't take dozens of posts every day containing those keywords to detect blocking, if any.  OTOH, the fact that the "abuse" does seem to fit such a nice, tidy pattern does imply that an easy way to stop it would be to block any anonymous posts that mention Gary Burnore, DataBasix, etc.  Could that be the real purpose of this nonsense?  Do you know anyone who'd like to see all anonymous posts that mention Gary Burnore and/or
DataBasix blocked?  Perhaps someone who chronically refers to remailer users
as "anon assholes"?
Of course, the databasix.com domain being down is irrelevant.  You still have sufficient Internet access through Netcom to do what's being done, so
your alibi is meaningless.
It's even more amazing that you'd just happen to know what sort of software
was being used to generate the messages, isn't it?  And if it's "freely
available", as you say, then even you could have obtained a copy.  You
certainly seem to be familiar with its capabilities.
Why would Ron allegedly have to use this special software just to test a few
keywords (especially if using his own software would implicate himself)?  And if he is supposedly using the remailers for "harassment", why would he do something designed to get them shut down?  I don't recall him posting anti-remailer tirades and harassing remailer operators (such as Jeff Burchell) as you've done.
Or could it be that you're trying to flood the search engines with references
to certain keywords so that it's difficult to search for posts related to
you, DataBasix, and your tactics?
And did you insert all of those "mail to:" URLs into your post to get Ron
Guilmette spam-baited, or did you hope I'd quote them verbatim and thus get
my post blocked by some automated filter mechanism?
Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind.
 -- General William Westmoreland

@_date: 1997-10-31 07:32:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Burnore preworthily larine circumgyrate (Who Care?) 
You might want to direct your comments to the author of this spammage,
Gary L. Burnore , CEO of DataBasix, who still appears to be on a vendetta against the anonymous remailers.  This
particular spam campaign appears to be designed to accomplish two things:
1.)  Get people upset at the anonymous remailers by posting this spam
     through them, and;
2.)  Saturate the news search engines with matches on his name and that
     of his company so that any search on these words yields a vast
     majority of false matches.
Just look at some of the Subject: lines he's posted over just the past
few days:
DataBasix cajoler Burnore Elamite the juxtaposit parciloquy
^^^^^^^^^         ^^^^^^^
Autoceptive DataBasix sugary bultow
            ^^^^^^^^^
A Amoyan planula hoboism Burnore guestling
                         ^^^^^^^
Burnore undutiful unavouchably
Perocephalus Wotan wine murder Burnore Akiyenik
                               ^^^^^^^
Wotan votive DataBasix manglingly
             ^^^^^^^^^
Burnore dowery crants sla throneless
Instillator a dene meethelper orach Burnore acoine
                                    ^^^^^^^
A sith hove DataBasix cradlesong commercialist hebete
            ^^^^^^^^^
Unangelical visual DataBasix nonempirical
                   ^^^^^^^^^
Burnore preworthily larine circumgyrate
Interfertile pomade outhue and Burnore cancrophagous
                               ^^^^^^^
DataBasix preapperception
  "I cannot convince myself that there is anyone so wise, so universally
comprehensive in his judgment, that he can be trusted with the power to
tell others:  'You shall not express yourself thus, you shall not
describe your own experiences; or depict the fantasies which your mind
has created; or laugh at what others set up as respectable; or question
old beliefs; or contradict the dogmas of the church, of our society, our
economic systems, and our political orthodoxy.'"
                    - Jake Zeitlin

@_date: 1997-10-31 19:57:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The reason we need to give up our rights... 
We are told that we must give up our right to privacy in order for the
government to protect us from the horrors of child molesters, et al.
Recently, a Canadian man was charged with 572 instances of having
individual and group sex with pre-teenage boys. He was sentenced to
a 'duece-less' (two years less a day), which is 'soft time' in Canada,
and is served in a provincial jail instead of a federal institution.
We are expected to give up our right to privacy so that the sores on
our children's bums can be healed just in time for this guy to get out
and have another go at them?
Would it be ridiculous to suggest that the government *needs* this man
back out on the streets in 16 months (if he does 'good time') because there is a shortage of child molesters to hold over our heads for their
next attack on our rights and liberties?
Hell, give Tim McVeigh a pardon, and then use it for an excuse to make
use of compost in the commission of a crime a felony.
Personal not to FedUpMonger:
I'm just OldAndTiredMonger. I don't need this shit anymore.

@_date: 1997-11-01 02:42:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer hating Nazis (was Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses)) 
I'll bet he wears a badge with his full name, street address, and home
phone number when he walks down the street so as not to "hide behind"
his otherwise anonymous clothing!   (Everyone is entitled to know
the identity of everyone else, right?)
I'm familiar with the role of Gary Burnore  and that
of his DataBasix associates Belinda Bryan  and Billy
McClatchie (aka "Wotan")  in getting the Mailmasher
and Huge Cajones remailers shut down.  Jeff Burchell posted a public
expose' of their harassment to Usenet back in June, apparently catching the
DataBasix folks off-guard.  But what's the story with Paul Pomes?  What has he done?
Perhaps the best thing that can be done with people like Burnore is to put
together an FAQ about their tactics, similar to what his "fans" have done
for the "Rev." Steve Winter.  Then when Burnore tries to stir up trouble by
first fabricating anonymous "abuse" and then demanding that it either be stopped and the culprit(s) identified (knowing in advance that's impossible), or else that the remailer be shut down, someone can forward that FAQ to the remailer's upstream provider, or whoever is being pressured to pull the plug.  And if Paul Pomes engages in the same dishonest tactics, that needs to be done with him as well.
  "I cannot convince myself that there is anyone so wise, so universally
comprehensive in his judgment, that he can be trusted with the power to
tell others:  'You shall not express yourself thus, you shall not
describe your own experiences; or depict the fantasies which your mind
has created; or laugh at what others set up as respectable; or question
old beliefs; or contradict the dogmas of the church, of our society, our
economic systems, and our political orthodoxy.'"
                    - Jake Zeitlin

@_date: 1997-11-01 12:50:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I am a bit confused. A post to the list claimed that the fifteen year
old who raped and murdered the eleven year old (both boys) had not
met his victim on the internet, as initial media sources indicated,
but on an 800 number phone-chat line.
I vaguely recall doing a web search to find out the facts for myself
and confirming the claim. Now I am watching Sixty Minutes on tv and
they keep repeating the mantra, "met on the internet, met on the Does anyone have the so called real scoop on this?
Thank You

@_date: 1997-09-02 07:29:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
If they are faking, it's a nice forgery.  But I doubt it.  AOLers are
usually this dumb, while for some odd reasons, some smart AOLers
exist.  Of course, consider they aren't too smart if they stick with
an Orwellian online service that treats it's customers like shit.
AOLers, Rennie, are kinda like newborns, they make a hell of a lot of
noise, but they don't know too much.

@_date: 1997-09-02 07:47:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Top 10 Ways to Make a Grouchy Old CypherPunk Smile
 Find his shoes for him.
 Buy Kent Crispin a Dr. Kevorkian gift-certificate.
 Nuke Washington DC
 Send ten copies of this back to Vulis.
 Shoot a Fed.
 Shoot David Downey.
 Heavily spam the clueless number of AOLers asking to be on the
 Hang a disemboweled Paul Pomes from a tree.
 Prank call John Gilmore to tell him what a cocksucker he is.
 [This space reserved for T.C. May]

@_date: 1997-09-03 12:40:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Diana on a stick 
Rumor has it that Princess Diana will be put on a barbeque-style spit
in her coffin, so that when the Buckingham Palace spin doctors are
done with her, she will be able to roll over in her grave at a high
rate of speed.
Dr. Roberts

@_date: 1997-09-03 13:57:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Meet-in-the-middle attack 
Timmy C[retin] May is just a poor excuse for an unschooled, retarded thug.
    (((>     /<
   (        /
    ((({{{{{:<  Timmy C[retin] May
            \
             \<

@_date: 1997-09-03 14:59:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Fate of Jews in America (fwd) 
Cypherpunks are in no position to make remarks about Jewish racism.
Jews were far more welcoming to such as Sammy Davis, Jr. than many
cypherpunks would be.  "Off my porch, nigger!" would be the undoubted
greeting from some of our ostensible leaders, as they take shotgun in

@_date: 1997-09-05 00:34:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
Yes, they love these in Germany too. Ways to combat:
1) Wax your license plate, especially the front one.
2) When you find one of these unattended critters along the road, wave
your hand in front of it at amazing speeds until it runs out of film.
(Ensure middle finger is extended.)
3) Wave a plunger in front of it at amazing speeds. Give the cops
tens of alternating shots of your extended finger and plungers.
4) Assault the machine with a plunger. (Only if really mad.)

@_date: 1997-09-06 02:47:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Re: traffic cameras, the latest issue of the "Computer Currents" local to
NY has an url that supposedly reports the location of these cameras in New York City:
Have fun.

@_date: 1997-09-07 10:18:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Puppet Masters 
Sunday, September 07, 1997 - 03:16:32 MET
-Creeping encrouchment-Puppet Masters Get Increasingly With each succeeding assault on the constitutional rights of citizens the gov't  both tests and increases the public's willingness to give away those rights. As we sit idly by,  parlor intellectualizing, anyone who really dares to organize,  gets fried, on national tv for the trouble.
Make a timeline from the first live at 5 fry of the 'bad guys' in the 70s, to the present and observe the circumstances surrounding each When they started this- judged on television, fried on television- brainwash, they at least tried to put on a semblence of justifiability,..ie SLA," kidnappers, bankrobbers,thugs disguised as mad dog radicals"..etc and went to great lenghts to see that the point was well propagandized to the 'people' and that the 'people' accordind to neilson or gallup or somebody, were in consensus and then 'puff'', charcoaled the constitution with human kindling before EVERYBODIES eyes.
A few op ed pages later, with no real political or social fallout. They decide to do it again, and then do it again, upping the ante each time.. .the Order, Mt. Carmel, Weaver, etc
...By the time they do the Davidians, they offer specious reckless charges that were never substantiated and in fact were easily discredited and 85 people burned alive on national tv. people who were never charged with any crime-when federal goons attempted to serve a specious search warrant as if they were marching into lebenon.
The militias of today are saying and doing what the Panthers advocated 25 yrs ago. Though each of these groups  held to radically different ideologies, the common denomionator is they took a stand against an illegal abuse of local and federal power by organising into a community of interests that was prepared to defend it's right to do so against outside intrusion, and that is whatthe puppet masters would not tolerate.
They aren't going to come jackbooting into our cities and towns. They are already there, shoving plungers up our ass when they don't like the way we look.  They isolate any pocket of dissension (and to dare to organize into a community is to dissent) , whether it is black, white, christian, islamic or whatever,..can you say "cypherpunk".. and burn them out of existence, putting it on tv as an object lesson for the rest of us,
The local police, the military, both houses, the administration and all the various goon squads are all pigs drinking from the same trough. The presidential elections are a
tv show designed to give us the illusion of a democracy. Its no
accident that the houses reconvene with the new tv season. It is all
for mind control nothing else.
Now I am no christian fundementalist, white supremicist, black power fanatic or anything else; just an average person trying to live my life simply and freely but the only way things will change is when we the 'coach potato sheeple' including intellectual armchair quarterbacks
who think they are superior and above it all because they can run a few sentences together, docmartin, airjordan, dingo, nike and ourache our way into washington with some plungers of our own and enlighten the fucking white house the same way they enlighten us. Timothy McVeigh for President Committee-

@_date: 1997-09-07 22:22:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Interesting article concerning monopoly telco's crying poor (as usual) and asking someone else, in this case citizens of the USA to help pay for our (Australia and ors) infrastructure development...unbelievable. Article by Andrea Evagora
_He_ is offering??? Just when did Hibbard start putting _his_ money where his mouth is? Of course Hibbard doesnt do this he is a paid employee doing a rather poor job. Australians are paying for this through their monopoly telco Telstra. Of course he could always pull the plug and then we'd see just how long the Telstra monopoly would last. Naturally the americans would be so eager to connect with us they'd gladly pay for a new US-Oz
cable after the free ride they've been getting till now.
Let me assure everyone that Telstra DOES NOT OFFER free local
calls. Our telephony costs in Australia are amongst the highest in the
world. We pay 25c for a local call plus monthly line rental, telephone
rental and connection charges. Its absolute bulldust to suggest they
make no money from the internet given the increase in the number of
calls a user makes once connected to the net. Telstra itself is an ISP
(through thier so called 'Big Pond' 'service'. Why do they bother if
it loses them money I wonder. Telstra try to run the timed local calls
crap every year or so as well and have managed to get enabling
legislation through parliament this year.
People want to connect to the US for a reason. At a rough guess perhaps it's because that's where a lot of the content is...geee rocket scientist stuff hey. The quotes from Hibbard clearly illustrate the cluelessness of Australia's monopoly telco executives and the anti-free market let someone else pay for it attitude (in this case the USA..i still can't believe the arrogance of this Hibbard freak) that pervades the organization. With twonks like this running the show no wonder he's concerned about our archaic infrastructure that is failing to meet the needs of the current age and will continue to fail due to poor forecasting and capital planning. Another good reason for Australian content developers to locate their
servers overseas.

@_date: 1997-09-10 08:50:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
John Young said:
Sure that isn't Alexis Slatella? ;)

@_date: 1997-09-10 17:22:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Did someone say 'dare'? 
I took one step back, while Toto and a Well user to be named later
just stood there, so it appears to me that they've volunteered.
  I am hereby daring Lying Fuck Freeh, Nazi Ratbastard Clinton, Child
Murderer Reno, and Lying Nazi Cunt FineSwine to prosecute Toto and
a Well user to be named later.
  Munitions-grade crypto has been sent to prohibited countries through
two accounts in the last twenty-four hours, one in Canada, one in the
U.S. (Hint: sk.sympatico.ca & well.com)
(Double Hint: the one sent through the Sympatico account was sent
 _*before*_ the account was disabled last night while inept system
 spooks set up new monitoring processes on it.)
(Double Extra Hint: the one sent through the Well account was not sent
 through the account of the person who warned Well security admins about
 a system intruder shortly *_after_* their wonderful little "we caught
 the system intruder and installed a newer, more secure system" intro
 appeared in their new, more secure login process.)
(Triple Extra Hint: this message is being cc:'ed to Defcon McCull'em,
 as well as sent unencrypted through a single remailer, so that  tracing its apparent source should not present a major problem.)
(Cheap Shot: The Sympatico account is not now working because the admins
 fixed the problem. It is now working because _I_ fixed the problem.)
(Double Cheap Shot: If Well security admins check the warning about  their brand-spanking new intruder, which they wrote such a _rude_
 reply to, saying that the writer was an idiot, they might notice that
 the header of the message contains an anagram for their system root
 password at the time.)
(Triple Cheap Shot: Check the Return To: header being used with this
 originating message.)
  Please note that I am providing these hints in order that there may
be a snowball's chance in hell that those who choose to do further investigation into my wild-eyed claims may be able to proceed without
further fucking up the originating systems so badly that I have to spend my own valuable time fixing them.
  In order to facilitate the federal prosecution of Toto, I have used
his writing style, grammer and syntax, complete with too fucking many
commas, his normal margins and carriage returns, as well as his too
predictable formatting of the quoted portion of the message being
replied to. (Also using clues from his previous 'Anonymous' posts.)
  In order to hinder the federal prosecution of the Well user to be
named later, I chose to illegally export the munitions-grade crypto
through the account of someone who has an employer with deep pockets,
and whose prosecution would undoubtedly result in a great amount of
unwanted publicity. (Unwanted, because the government would fail to
  In order to piss on the perfectly polished jackboots itching to
break down a few doors, I have placed all details of the illegal
export of the munitions-grade encryption from Canada and the U.S.
in a file on both computers, encrypted with _my_ public key. In order for the file to be read, once deciphered, it must be diff'ed
with the file on Toto's personal computer containing the text of
the federalist papers.
  In order to demonstrate the seriousness of this post, if the
government schills (<-- note the spelling) who follow the list
are too fucking lazy to check into my claims, or too fucking
incomptent to confirm them, then I would be more than happy to,
in two weeks time, send two futher illegal communications via
the same routes, to the CypherPunks (<--sp?) list, upon request by a verifiable government law enforcement agent or agency in
a post to the list.
  Failure of the federal government to take successful action in
investigation and prosecution of the illegal activities herein
admitted, will be taken as a sign that the Lying Nazi Ratfuckers
who comprise the Government and LEA's are weak, spineless pieces
of shit who are capable only of using threats and violence to herd
meek sheeple into unconstitutional imprisonment of their freedoms,
rights, and liberty. i.e. Gutless fucks.
"It's !forgery until *I* say it's forgery!"
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-09-11 22:05:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
It's amazing that Freeh would admit that shooting an unarmed
woman holding an infant is what "he was trained to do" and was "within
the scope of his authority" and that he "reasonably believed [it] was
proper" to do so.  What are they teaching at FBI school nowadays?
Horiuchi's defense is really no different than Timothy
McVeigh's: "yes, it was a mistake but he felt it was justified and
reasonably believed at the time that what he was doing was proper..."
Too bad McVeigh didn't have a badge saying FBI on it.

@_date: 1997-09-12 01:41:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: in defense of Lon Horiuchi 
Zooko fails to take into consideration that the FBI's role in the
affair was to back the unnecessary fascist actions of those who
had decided it was their right to interfere in the life of a family
which was largely minding their own business and seeking to live their lives free from constant subjection to a wide variety of often
senseless and/or meaningless, arbitrary laws.

@_date: 1997-09-12 05:12:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freeh says FBI doing great, supports Weaver killer 
Any truth to the rumor that Kent Crispin will be beside you with a
placard saying "I'm not a shill--I'm a pawn."?

@_date: 1997-09-12 15:48:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Any talk of limiting _existing_ crypto? 
Jesus Tim, are you getting senile? Bet the farm on the outlawing of
existing crypto and you will have more money than Bill Gates in a
couple of years.
The new reality has become: any fascist, evil thing you can think of
that it is possible for the government to do--ask *when*, not *if*.
We are not arguing about the end of democracy in the US anymore. We
are merely discussing the timetable, now.
Tim, you are forgetting about "the crisis." Which one? Name one. Make
one up out of random Scrabble letters. Yup, that's the crisis that is
going to require the outlawing of strong crypto. I would recognize it

@_date: 1997-09-13 04:16:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Bad Lie / Re: in defense on Lon Horiuchi 
My other brother, Anonymous, points out something obvious but often
forgotten, since "respect for authority" has been ingrained in us
much more than we are generally aware of.
"The winner makes the rules." is a truism, and it has a corollary:
"So does the tyrant."
But nobody ever seems to 'announce' that they are a tyrant. Chairman Mao
wasn't a tyrant. Abraham Lincoln wasn't a tyrant. Sadaam Hussein isn't
a tyrant. Bill Clinton isn't a tyrant.
Well, OK, maybe _some_ of them are tyrants, but only after they are
and even then, it depends on who the next winner is.
If the winner is, "My other brother, Sadaam." then there is a
not just in history, but in the present, from what officially recognized reality is when "My other brother, the-US-backed-shill." is the winner.
Many people are impressed with themselves for their brilliance in being
able to recognize the truth someone else pointed out, "The winners write
I am more impressed with people who realize that the winners also write
the present. And even more impressed with those who realize that one of
the great scourges of our age is that winners *rewrite* the present.
We live in the age of the Spin Doctor. Our generation has evolved past
the Big Lie, to the 1/2 Lie, to the Bad Lie.
We used to be content to smear our enemies with the Big Lie, so that we
could round up the Communists and not let them work to feed themself
and their families. Then we advanced to the 1/2 Lie, where we would
give lip service to freedom of religion/politics and merely subtly
discriminate against Communists if they applied for a job. Now we
have graduated to the Big Lie, where there are no Communists.
A test you can take in the comfort of your own home:
Question Yoo hoo! Anybody know what that huge country over there with the
of people and the nuclear warheads is called?
Can you say 'China?' Sure you can...
Why is Communist nuclear power, China, not a threat, as the Russians
were? Because those in power don't _need_ them to be a threat, right
now. How can a country with that many potential consumers possibly
be a threat? Look for them to *become* a threat very quickly if they
nationalize the McDonald's franchises.
Question Who are the 'good' guys?
Right! *Our* guys!   Moments In History: WacoShima & RubySaki
  Remember? When all those Japanese committed suicide when they saw
the nuclear bombs coming?
  For those of you too young to remember this event, it was similar
to when all of those Branch Davidians committed suicide when the
military tanks sent to 'save' them began firing chemicals and
explosives into the Waco complex to get rid of the mosquitos so
that the rescue team wouldn't get bitten.
The Bad News:
DoubleSpeak has come and gone, replaced by the Bad Lie.
The Bad Lies:
"I didn't inhale."
"I don't recall." (dropping the bomb/shooting the child/seeing the money)
"It is a 'Police Action,' not a War"
"Peace Keeping Force"
"It's a 'PeaceMaker', not an 'Instrument of Doom.'"
"I promise not to cum in your wallet."
And Even As We Speak:
Newsworld - CBC (TV) - "Four federal inquiries have found no evidence
of price-fixing in the gasoline industry."
News Flash!!!
New study finds Big Oil Executives psychic! All change prices at the
same time, with no collusion.
[Please excuse me for a moment, while I PgUp to remind myself what  this post is about.]
Oh, yeah...
Kevin McHale, Boston Celtic, replying to comment by reporter that his
teammate, Danny Ainge, was considered the biggest asshole on the pro
basketball circuit:
"Yeah...but he's *our* asshole."
Say what you want about Waco, but parking ticket payments skyrocketed
after the event. Say what you want about Ruby Ridge, but fewer people
have missed court appearances for their parking tickets, since then.
Say what you want about Jim Bell, but now there is hardly anyone on
the Cypherpunks mailing list running around, saying, "NUKE DC!
NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC!
NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! NUKE DC! "
        --------------------------
80's Rocker, on the 'new music':
"People don't have time for twenty minute guitar solo's anymore, man.
 They've gotta *be* somewhere."
Note to Zooko:
My other brother, Anonymous, may be a "vile slander", but he is *our*
vile slanderer.
Note to 'my other brother, Anonymous':
But if Zooko hadn't ripped into you, one of us would have.
We're Cypherpunks!
The Bad Lie
"Hand me the nine-iron."

@_date: 1997-09-13 08:50:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Prayer to A.M. Turing 
Dear Lord Turing, Please buy Adam a new computer.
Your Friend,
Monty Cantsin
P.S. 10116AlanMathisonTuringf344355bfb358bdf

@_date: 1997-09-14 09:47:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anti-GAK Software Release 
Convert your GAKware to CRAKware!  **
                    Ecash Preferred
 (Double-blinded, FinCEN Resistance Rating 3 or higher)
"Browser Booster is a cypherpunk's wet dream!"  - Anonymous
"More powerful than C2Net's StrongArm plug-in." - Also Anonymous
"My line was tapped, but I didn't care.  They thought I was
 chatting about roller derby, but I was really transferring
 US $100,000. to safe accounts beyond their reach." - L.D.
         Another fine product from Anti-GAK Software
  "Making the Net safe for privacy and commerce ... again."
                          ---
  ** CRAK = Cryptographically Resistant Access to Keys

@_date: 1997-09-16 03:45:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Federal motivation 
The discussion is encryption, not absolute privacy.  It will still be
possible to inexpensively bug homes, offices, computers, etc.
Mass surveillance is only required for a police state, not to protect
the suburbs, not to protect children, not to catch real criminals.
So, when a secret police agency wants to set up a mass surveillance
system, what is the likely motivation for their action?
What concerns me is what they will do, not their mental state when
they are doing it.  Even torturers believe they are doing the right
thing.  So what?
BTW, institutional loyalty does not require every member of the armed
services or secret police agencies to be fully cognizant of what they
are doing.  They just have to buy into the plan.  The leaders probably
don't believe in Santa Claus, though.
Yeah, last I checked, books were still safe, too.
You would benefit from a study of the activities of the Federal
government over the last sixty years.  Pay particular attention to the
seedy political activities of the FBI and don't forget to cover CIA
assassination and torture programs.  Then come back and tell us
whether you still think they really care about children or whether
this is just a reason given to cover their actual activities.  (And
please explain why organizations which traditionally are not involved
with protecting children suddenly find it in their charter when mass
surveillance is on the table.)
For that matter, study the history of communications systems.  Why do
you suppose it is that governments have traditionally taken control of
postal systems?  Do you suppose it could have anything to do with
Good example.  This is one of many well documented examples of FBI
misbehavior throughout its entire history and even its pre-history.
(Hoover was involved with the Palmer Raids following World War I when
hundreds of people were arrested and thrown into makeshift prisons
without trials.  Some were kept there for years.)
In the case of MLK, his father and his grandfather were under
surveillance by the Federal Government since about WWI.  What crime
was being investigated?  None.  They weren't well liked in official
You're on the right track, but the FBI has been a menace to the United
States since its inception.  Now, however, people are willing to let
them get away with more and some truly scary technologies exist.  And,
they are making their play.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-17 14:59:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Brit conference asks for more cyberspace violations 
Perhaps encryption could be used as a means of fraud prevention.

@_date: 1997-09-19 10:28:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: politics aren't all or nothing 
The guys who beat you up in grade school are now the ones who are
running Congress.  They haven't matured, they are just upscale and
have learned better techniques.
The only problem I have with Tim May's "Nuke DC" is that he lacks
the necessary qualifier:
"Nuke D.C. now, while Congress is still in session"

@_date: 1997-09-19 16:10:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Because they want to be "players" 
The ACLU does have some peculiar ideas about English, however.  A few
years ago your local Northern California chapter sued an aspirin
company because their label, including warnings, was entirely in
English.  They argued that because the company was selling aspirin in
a Spanish speaking market, the label should have been in Spanish.
(The grandmother of a child did not speak English.  The child became
seriously ill and may have died.)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-20 00:56:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: sooner or later 
Even if we lose a battle legislatively tomorrow, this does not mean we
have "lost".  In practice, people can still write code and distribute
it, the same way people are still making LSD, growing mushrooms, or
growing marijuana.  Code propagates easily which means that so long as
there is any place in the world where it can be safely used, it will
Even if it is illegal throughout the world, there are going to be
places where the local administrators are too corrupt or incompetent
to really enforce the law.  (The law is more or less impossible to
enforce anyway because you have to charge people with possession of
random data.)
This means that somebody will be using the stuff, and the New
Renaissance will still happen, but the benefits will have to propagate
back into the United States for a change.
The greatest risk is of a major government going "ape" over this issue
and randomly persecuting those they suspect of doing illegal
arithmetic without real evidence or real trials.  The passing of a law
may mitigate this because they will feel as if they are doing
something, even if the "problem" was not entirely solved.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-20 08:31:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: sooner or later 
I understand alcohol is legal now, so it worked once for one drug.
The drugs ban isn't all that meaningful, anyway.  You can go into any
major U.S. city without any connections and score crack within three
hours if you look the part and know what you are doing.  I've known
many drug users and abusers over many years and none have gone to
Software doesn't weigh anything and it doesn't take up much space.
Trafficking is trivial.  The flow of tools will not stop.
What will stop is open development by the software industry and this
will cause irreparable damage.  Fortunately, the industry does form a
wealthy constituency.  If it becomes clear that restricting particular
classes of algorithm significantly hampers business, look to seeing
these bans lifted.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-22 19:13:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [URGENT] Blowfish 
Timmy C[rook] May's reheated, refurbished, and regurgitated cud is completely inappropriate for the mailing lists into which it is          _______c___c
        /       /_  _\
       ((6)(6)) Timmy C[rook] May
       (  )_  __\\  //__
       o___n) (nn)\o/(nn)

@_date: 1997-09-22 22:32:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: End-to-end cellular encryption needed - CDisk from Comverse Technology 
This is just one commercial product that implements most of what CALEA
requires.  The great thing about market economies is that we'll obtain the
surveillance state at a competitive price.
Excerpts from "The CDisk Product Description", Reliable, Customized Solutions
for Intercepting Calls from Cellular Switches
Comverse's CDisk is a comprehensive digital audio system.  It intercepts
and captures call audio and data from cellular switches and distributes it to
designated Monitoring Centers where it is processed and archived.
In order to be effective, interception facilities for switches in cellular
networks must offer
* One system that supports all cellular networks.
* Target subscriber management.
* Access to all calls in which the target subscriber is a party.
* Coverage of all types of calls.
* Automatic collection of call data (Session Related Information - SRI),
  combined unambiguously into one conversation file.
* Strict security provisions.
CDisk meets the need with a mature, field-proven product
CDisk covers all cellular networks:
* Its field-proven interface connects with all major switches.
* Its open system supports multiple networks and Monitoring Centers.
* Its modular concept adapts simply to new standards and technologies.
With CDisk's target-subscriber management tools, authorized users can:
* Automatically process thousands of targets.
* Add, edit and delete targets from the list.
* Schedule start and end times, as well as define other conditions for
  interception.
* Seamlessly cover targets across multiple networks.
* For each target, define access rights for multiple Monitoring Centers,
  from organizations down to individual users.
* Define priority targets.
CDisk provides comprehensive call access by:
* Covering all types of calls including voice calls, data calls - voice band
  modem, facsimile calls, short message service (SMS), unrestricted data calls.
* Monitoring all types of call services, including call transfer,
  forward calls, diverted calls, conference or multi-party calls (CDisk
  accesses all parties involved.), call waiting.
* Processing mixed voice and data calls.
* Monitoring uncompleted and busy call attempts.
* Supporting call diversion supplementary services.
* Covering roaming visitors.
Automatic collection of the following data for each target subscriber's call
(Session Related Information):
* Equipment ID - IMEI.
* Called number, including cases of uncompleted calls (for MSISDN and IMSI).
* Specification of the type of call (voice, data, fax, or SMS).
* Conference call party numbers.
* Diverted call number.
* Target subscriber cell location - Location Area Identity (LAI) at call
  start and call termination.
* Date, time, and duration of call.
* Enabling users to listen to calls in real-time or in playback (after they
  are recorded).

@_date: 1997-09-26 05:54:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Plea from a parent who wants to keep their kid free of SSNs 
David C. Treibs writes via Declan McCullagh:
While I am generally sympathetic with Mr. Treibs, it does not seem
reasonable to ask for a government child subsidy while claiming the
government has no business raising kids.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-26 09:43:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Plea from a parent who wants to keep their kid free of SSNs 
That's true.  And it is worth taking the trouble to distinguish
between pure subsidies like those that TRW and welfare queens take
from tax subsidies which most people take.
Still, a tax deduction is a benefit.  How much would you pay for a
$1000 tax deduction?  It depends on your marginal income tax rate, of
course, but presumably you would pay around $300.
Mr. Treibs is asking for this benefit, for special treatment from the
government, solely because he has children.  If he doesn't want the
government to insist that his children be tagged like everyone else,
it would be very easy for him to forego this benefit and pay under the
same tax scheme that many other childless people pay.
Unjust?  No more so than the tax rate people without children are
forced to pay.
But, I wish Mr. Treibs and his family well.  They sound like the kind
of good decent people that one would like to have for neighbors.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-26 09:47:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer latency 
It's a start!
According to Raph's list, your remailer has a latency of about 16
hours.  Dialing in should cause a latency of, at most, an hour.  That
is, you could reasonably dial in once an hour, or even every fifteen
minutes.  Is there some other cause for the latency?
Do you have an ecash account?  If you charged 25 cents per message,
you would only need to handle about 17 messages a day to cover your
dedicated line.  The load on the line would be negligible and you
could use it for other things.
Please excuse my reluctance to fund your dedicated line, but probably
the money would be better spent subsidizing hardware for people who
are willing to set up remailers.
Incidentally, if somebody offered you colocation space, would you be
willing to set up your machine there?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-26 14:50:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
All governments are built on lies.
All organizations are built on lies.

@_date: 1997-09-26 15:10:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
It depends on your application.  Right now, it's hard to get messages
through the remailer network in good time *and* the security isn't all
that high.
Increased traffic would give us more options as far as mixing and the
like.  But increased traffic won't happen until we have usable
remailer network.  Right now it's sort of usable, but only for the
dedicated, and there aren't many of us.  I seem to be the only
persistent authenticated nym who posts with any frequency.
Tools which are not used do not get improved.
One problem with operating a nym is that people almost always respond
to it with suspicion and hostility, even on this list.  It would be
nice to have an ordinary looking e-mail address that took in messages,
encrypted them for your public key, and then sent them out to
alt.anonymous.messages for pickup.  Going the other way it would be
nice if the account would accept signed messages and send them out as
normal e-mail or news articles.  This would allow nyms to participate
in NetWorld like everyone else.
Note that this does not require one to trust the operator of the
machine - all they have is a public key and no information of your
identity.  This should be easy to set up.
If digital postage results in remailer operators making money, this
should increase the quality of the remailer network.  A high quality
remailer network should increase traffic.
Once we have a high quality high traffic remailer network which is
profitable (!!!), well, things could really start to cook.  A quarter
per message per hop seems reasonable at this time.  The annual revenue
hits a million dollars if a little over 10,000 messages a day are
handled by the network.  This figure does not seem unattainable.
Those who find a quarter is too much should start remailers.
This is a little off the wall, but if there was a significant market
for remailers, some organizations might start affinity remailers.
That is, if you like the ACLU you can give them money by routing your
messages through their remailer.  We tend to like the people we trust.
Another feature that would be nice would be to be able to define the
message id in advance.  Were this available it would be possible to
send a message to all three cypherpunks nodes simultaneously to
maximize its propagation and to ensure reliability.  Were this
supported for Usenet gateways, it would be possible to gate the list
through the remailers such that the person doing the gating would be
hard to identify.
Also, BCC fields would be nice.  I don't know a way to post a message
to the cypherpunks list and bcc: it at the same time to the coderpunks
list, but it would be real useful.  (The idea is to let people on
coderpunks know about a relevant topic, but keep it on the main list.)
It's probably better to take the tools as far they will go for
ourselves and not worry too much about evangelizing right now.  Once
the core technologies are in place and are working reliably, we will
be in a stronger position to take things to The People, if it doesn't
happen of its own accord.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-27 01:49:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
No, the nym servers differ in two important ways.
1. They use a reply block so your true identity lies encrypted beneath
the public keys of several remailers.  I would rather the message went
to alt.anonymous.messages.  (I guess this could be jury-rigged by
supplying a reply block which sends the messages to a Usenet gateway.)
Didn't the weasel remailer operator recently move his accounts over to
redneck because of police interest?  Weren't we reassured that no
identities were revealed and that they wouldn't be revealed?  That
should be a good illustration of the weakness of a reply block to an
ordinary e-mail address.
Also, by my reading of the "uptime" statistic in Raph's remailer
chart, a reply block is not going to be very reliable for receiving
mail.  Are there any nyms out there using the nym servers who will
endorse the reliability of reply blocks?  Would you run a business
using them?
2. The nym servers advertise that the accounts are nyms through the
choice of domain names.  So, presumably, people will respond with the
same hostility that they respond to any other anonymous message. I presume the remailer operators want to minimize the number of times
somebody is defrauded through an anonymous account.  But, by the same
logic, ISPs should carefully identify their customers the same way a
bank does.  E-mail addresses should not be used as an authentication
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-27 13:08:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
That vile salamander Gingrich, squeaker of the
House, is slobbering about a drug-free America
by the year 2001. What a dreary prospect! Of
course this does not include alcohol and tobacco,
of which the consumption will soar. How can a
drug-free state be achieved? Simple. An operation
can remove the drug receptors from the brain.
Those who refuse the operation will be deprived
of all rights.

@_date: 1997-09-27 15:27:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer latencies 
Good point.  Also, using a dialup gives you another layer of physical
privacy.  You could even move the machine around from time to time.
This could even foil the Big Boys if they don't want to reveal how
well they can track things.
(Corollary: Even if PGP is NSA breakable, you can still use it for
drug dealing and bribery.)
What is on your machine that has to be deleted?  I suppose you'd want
to power cycle it since the private key (or a passphrase) will be
sitting in memory.  Is there anything on the disk that must be
More operations questions: according to Raph's chart, your machine has
an "uptime" of 99.64%.  I assume that means Raph's experiments showed
that 36 messages out of 1000 disappeared.  Did I assume correctly?
If so, what accounts for these message losses?  I would expect that if
your machine was down, even for a couple of days, that the incoming
messages would be queued up on other machines and none would be lost.
BTW, my intention is not be critical of your volunteer work running a
remailer, but to develop an understanding of the issues involved.
Even a response like "the machine was down for three days because I
was in Las Vegas partying" is useful because it would suggest that
remailer operators are not adequately compensated for their work.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-27 15:32:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Just out of a curiousity, why is it that no remailers accept ecash?
(This is not a jibe at remailer operators or authors of remailer
software.  I am really curious if this is a "didn't get to it yet"
sort of thing, or if there's something hard about it.)
The brutally simple way to do this would be to generate an ecash
certificate, made out to cash, and tack it at the beginning of a
message which is then encrypted for the remailer.  The modifications
to the remailer software seem (to me) to be slight since you just call
the Digicash application and ask it to try depositing the payment.
If it works, the message is handled.
Since everybody is in the habit of not paying, you could just give
priority to paying customers.  People who don't want to pay get their
mail delayed by four hours.  Some people may pay to expedite some
messages but not others.
There are probably better ways to do it, but that would get it up and
What aspects of this problem am I missing?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-28 01:38:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Digicash has software for Unix platforms which one could very easily
call from a Perl script.  Sure, it wouldn't be pretty, it wouldn't be
ideal, but it would work and should be easy to incorporate into many
of the remailers.  (I think.)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-28 06:39:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
We are solving a different problem.
The reason I want to attach ecash is to get good reliable service and
to encourage many other people to offer good high quality remailing
services.  Let's a remailer operator can make $200/month by handling
messages at 25 cents each.  (That's 800 messages a month, hardly
You might not go public on that much revenue, but you might use your
desktop machine as a remailer.
Free usually doesn't work very well, and it isn't working well now.
Use of ecash in the remailer network means there is no tracking and
collecting or a final bill.  This would somewhat defeat the purpose of
using remailers, would it not?
Really?  How does this work?  (And which remailers offer these services?)
If implemented naively, each message must carry some sort of
identifier.  Even if the owner of the account isn't known, all of his
messages are easily linked.  This is undesirable.
A more sophisticated implementation would use something like blinded
credentials.  But, that's the functionality ecash provides anwyay,
right now, this day, without any work.  So why not leverage off it and
take advantage of the payment features as well?
Given the existing infrastructure, per item pricing is the easiest to
implement while retaining full anonymity.  Digicash and Mark Twain
Bank already did the hard work!  They already have a bank set up!
All we have to do is make use of it.
As for millicent pricing, we'll see.  Once things get rolling, the
price should fall below a quarter.  But it will have to be high enough
to make running a remailer worth the trouble.
There also seems to be an idea that there is some big R&D investment
in adapting a remailer to use e-cash.  There isn't.  You have to open
an account at Mark Twain Bank.  You have to figure out how to call the
Digicash executable from within a Perl script.  (Since nobody has
corrected me on this, I am becoming confident that it is really as
easy as I think.)  Why not try it?  Worst case, you lose a little
time.  Best case, you get rich and the remailer network takes off.
Here's another reason why this is important to cypherpunks.  We would
really like to see wider use of e-cash.  It is a great product and it
respects our privacy.
The way ecash will catch on is that a small group of people will start
using it regularly for services and trade within their loosely defined
community.  Once things start rolling, more people and services can be
added.  Once things catch on, they will snowball.
The place to start is in this group with the remailers.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-28 07:29:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Ecash Bounty 
I, Monty Cantsin, will pay fifty dollars to the first operator of a
remailer on Raph's list to get a machine up and running which accepts
ecash as payment to forward a message.
Offer expires October 27, 1997 C.E.
Disputes are to be settled by Tim May.  If Mr. May declines to
participate, Monty Cantsin will decide.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-28 07:29:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital Postage (fwd) 
Ecash is in place right now.
This is easily worked out between the remailer operator and the
customer.  Were I running a remailer, I would charge $350.00.  As a
customer, I would not see this as unreasonable.
Each hop should charge, of course.  They are all providing the same
The way to break the concrete link is with blinded credentials.  Of
course, ecash already provides this feature without the hassle of
opening an account with a remailer operator, writing and deploying new
software, etc. etc.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-28 08:03:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
Thank you for this detailed description.
One more question: When redneck is down, do other remailers discard
their mail if they cannot connect to it?
If this is the case, it would seem to be a serious design flaw,
probably prompted by the desire to save disk space.  A quarter per
message would probably cover the cost.
Another general comment on remailer statistics: 99+% uptime sounds
good, but really it isn't.  For some reason, we are accustomed to the
idea that remailers should lose messages.  Well, they shouldn't.  A
remailer is just electronic mail with a few extra features and
electronic mail is exceptionally reliable.
According to Raph, redneck has an uptime of 99.83%.  By my
understanding, this means for every 1000 messages handled, redneck
loses 17.  That's actually pretty high, especially if it's your
message that gets lost.
I do not mean to pick on redneck in particular, or, really, any of the
remailers.  But where the remailer network stands right now, it cannot
be used for everyday mail which cuts down its usage quite a bit and
makes it a lot harder to build nifty things on top of it like reply
block systems.
Ideally the domain would be shared by other non-anonymous users, but
hostility would probably be reduced even if the domain were something
like "guest.efga.org", even if many people knew that really meant
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-29 04:00:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Nonsense.  Type 1 remailers offer a certain level of security.  It is
suitable for many applications.  Type 1 remailers require a fairly
determined attacker to thwart.  They would certainly keep you safe
from the IRS, but maybe not the NSA.
Even if you were running a child kidnapping ring and failing to report
the income, you would be pretty safe using Type 1 remailers.  The NSA
would never take the chance of revealing their capabilities just to
save a few kids.
In this instance, Type 1 remailers offer a real benefit in that it is
easy to extend them with new features, such as accepting payment.
Correction: for many consumers.  The barrier for entry is not too high
for the hard core "privacy extremists" of the cypherpunks list.  And,
were there a sizeable number of goods and services purchasable using
ecash, you might discover many consumers did not find it too high a
barrier to entry.  Getting ecash is certainly easier than getting a
credit card.
Maybe, but today this is vaporware.  In my experience, plans based on
vaporware are unreliable.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-29 04:03:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital Postage (fwd) 
No, there is only one system which provides anonymity.  It's called ecash.
The other systems do not have the features we want.
There is a commonly held belief that one form of payment or another
must dominate.  This is an artifact of laws which require a society to
use one type of payment.  Historically there have been a wide variety
of different currencies, just as there has been a wide variety of any
Do you mean watch the bank and see who is using e-cash?  That might
tell you who is using remailers, but not much else.
Can do!  Remailer operators can easily advertise what they sell and
how much it costs without compromising the customer the same way they
advertise their remailer and its features now.
Price setting is a black art.  People running businesses make
decisions based on talking to potential customers, pilot marketing
tests, and common sense.
I recommend that people start pricing at a quarter per message per hop
because it is easier to move prices down than to move them up.
Besides, the remailer operators have been doing all the work while a
bunch of free loaders like Monty Cantsin use their services and then
carp about it.  It seems fair for us to shoot some money towards the
operators for a change.
Absolutely not.  The remailers certainly don't have to charge the same
rates.  Each remailer operator should use a pricing scheme that works
for them.
What is being sold is privacy and security, not e-mail transport.  It
has great value to me and many cypherpunks.  If you don't value it,
that's your business.
You are confusing one cost of doing business with the price the market
will bear.
Not to people who care about their privacy.  But, I agree that the
price per hop will likely drop far below a quarter, not because people
won't pay more, but because they won't have to.  If it's basically
inexpensive to provide remailer services (and it is), price
competition should reduce the costs.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-29 04:24:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Agreed.  But this is a feature to be added later, not one to stop us
from using ecash now.
I would also note that LE is not the only group of people that might
be interested.  Aside from various spook agencies (which are not law
enforcement agencies), there are all sorts of other scary people in
the world who should be kept out of one's financial affairs.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-29 05:07:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Memo From Washington Gestapo Tyranny 
My hat's off to the genius who perpetrated this hoax.  They got the
government lingo down so well that for a second I actually thought it
was real!
Note the total disregard for the law:
Or this wonderful excerpt which confuses real terrorism
("Assassination Politics") with paper terrorism, just like reporters
and politicians do all the time:
Or this section, which is clearly intended as a parody of the FBI.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-29 05:11:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer latencies 
But, presumably Raph waits awhile for the message before deciding the
machine is down?  If I understand correctly, you are saying that
messages don't actually disappear, but they are sometimes delayed for
longer than the two days Raph waits* for them to come back.
(* Assumption made on the basis that his timing data doesn't describe
any delays longer than two days.)
It could cover the cost of that second line.  ;-)
If you haven't tried ecash, you might enjoy it.  Setting up your
remailer to accept it is a lot easier than you might think.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-29 05:16:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailer Attack 
If the downtime statistic reflects connection failures it isn't that
useful.  This sort of problem is relatively common on the Net and is
handled automatically.  I strongly suspect it really does reflect
disappeared messages.
Does anybody know how Raph's stats are collected?
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-29 09:15:48
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital Postage (fwd) 
We are not talking about an abstract "what will the market do" issue
here.  We are talking about how to get a working payment system up for
remailers which gets us great service and provides privacy and
The rest of the world may or may not catch on to ecash, but if it's
going to start, it will start with a small group.  I think it should
be this one.
Businesses use multiple forms of payment all the time, even in the
United States where multiple currency use is legally discouraged.
When I go to a restaurant I can pay in cash or use a variety of credit
cards.  And credit cards cost the establishment a substantial amount
of money and headache, too.
I hope we are all assuming that The Enemy knows who is using
remailers, at least at the moment.  There's no hiding those telltale
PGP messages sent to a certain short list of suspected remailer
addresses.  Some day we will have good steganography and it won't be
possible to tell who is using a remailer, but this is not the best
problem to solve right now.
No it doesn't.  Watch carefully:
$remailer{'cyber'} = ' alpha pgp';
$remailer{"mix"} = " cpunk mix pgp hash latent cut ek ksub reord ?";
$remailer{"replay"} = " cpunk mix pgp hash latent cut post ek";
$remailer{"jam"} = " cpunk mix pgp hash middle latent cut ek money25cents";
$remailer{"winsock"} = " cpunk pgp pgponly hash cut ksub reord ?";
$remailer{'nym'} = ' newnym pgp';
$remailer{"squirrel"} = " cpunk mix pgp pgponly hash latent cut ek";
$remailer{'weasel'} = ' newnym pgp';
$remailer{"reno"} = " cpunk mix pgp hash middle latent cut ek reord ?";
$remailer{"cracker"} = " cpunk mix remix pgp hash ksub esub latent cut ek money25cents reord post";
$remailer{'redneck'} = ' newnym pgp';
$remailer{"bureau42"} = " cpunk mix pgp ksub hash latent cut ek";
$remailer{"neva"} = " cpunk pgp pgponly hash cut ksub ?";
$remailer{"lcs"} = " mix money25cents";
$remailer{"medusa"} = " money25cents mix middle"
$remailer{"McCain"} = " mix middle";
$remailer{"valdeez"} = " cpunk pgp pgponly hash ek";
$remailer{"arrid"} = " cpunk pgp pgponly money25cents hash ek";
$remailer{"hera"} = " cpunk pgp pgponly hash ek";
$remailer{"htuttle"} = " cpunk pgp hash latent cut post ek";
See if you can figure out which remailers accept money and how much
they accept.  Now, in figuring that out, did you do anything that
would reveal your identity?  Do you think a simple program could
handle the task?
Also, the remailer can still offer free operation, but it can give
nonpaying customers lower priority, delaying their messages by a few
hours, for example.  This means remailers still have a low barrier to
entry, but people can also pay a little money to get excellent
You might be.  I'm interested in smart people who want to protect
their privacy.
Mind your manners.
Then look around.  For the last few hundred years just about
everything has been dropping in price.  And, in the computer and
information industry in particular, prices drop like crazy all the
time for decades, even when you adjust for inflation.  Buy memory
If you want to run a remailer and charge a fraction of a cent for each
message, or for an account, or whatever, please be my guest.
That is obviously untrue.  Remailers are used by a small highly
specialized market of perhaps a few hundred people.  Some day, if we
do good work, there will be millions of users.
Can you think of any mass market which started out as a mass market?
I can't think of a single one.  But, there are lots of mass markets
that started out with a small group of people paying fairly high
prices.  As time went by, the prices dropped, more people came in, and
eventually a mass market developed.
Untrue.  You just have to know what each remailer charges.  That's
about as hard as knowing what services it offers or that it exists.
I may be misreading this, but you do realize ecash is anonymous,
right?  Nobody can tell who sent the money, just who received it.
Perhaps you are arguing that The Enemy would notice that you withdrew
a bunch of coins and then make a guess that all those remailers making
deposits three minutes later are depositing your coins?  That is
easily solved by generating the ASCII ecash certificates once a week
or so and then pasting them into your messages when you send them.
What justification issue?  Ecash is available right now.  You don't
have to justify it to anybody, just use it.
Hopefully, once the cypherpunks start using it regularly, it will
begin to catch on with people peripheral to the group, and then with
You seem to think that because the cost of transporting mail is
inexpensive, the price for protecting somebody's identity can't be
The only models that have been proposed so far require a lot of work
and evangelism.  Ecash doesn't require much work, and it will be
easier to evangelize.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-30 00:36:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [NTSEC] pgp 5.0 back door 
Michael Warfield  writes to Ray Arachelian or somebody:
The PGP Web site in  has a list
of differences between PGP 5.0 (personal PGP) and PGP 4.5.x (corporate
PGP).  The corporate one includes a feature that the private one doesn't
called "message recovery".  Given Phil's fanaticism outlined above, this
presumably isn't any way to get at the plaintext without the user's
knowledge or cooperation, but just what the heck IS it?  I can't find a
description of the feature on-line.  The manual itself is on-line in PDF,
which presumably answers this question for acrobat fans.  I see nothing
about "message recovery" in the hard-copy PGP 4.5 manual.
For the guy who's concerned about backdoors in PGP 5.0 -- there's no
reason to believe there are any.  There's source out there for you to
download, and you can browse it over and compile a copy for yourself.
I recommend buying a legal copy anyway, even if you are going to use
the one you compiled yourself, to encourage makers of strong crypto
for the masses -- if you're getting value, may as well pay for it
and feel good about yourself.

@_date: 1997-09-30 02:56:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Please pardon my ignorance, but could you elaborate on this attack?
Assuming the user's machine is not compromised, in which case the game
is over, whose machines are being broken into?  Are you saying that
The Enemy just watches the messages going in and out of a particular
site and then watches the site where they suspect the messages are
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-30 03:41:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Isn't this the list for people who get out of hand?  Maybe I'm in the
wrong place.  ;-)
I guess "to make money" is obvious.  Remailer operators may also want
to help get some kind of cypherpunk economy going.  Right now the
relationship between remailer operators and users is asymmetrical.
They provide and we use.  It would be better if the users could help
out the remailer operators, too.
And, if we can really get a profitable remailer market going, then it
becomes much easier to get people to start remailers, for instance, in
other countries.  Given certain political developments, we probably
want to get a lot of the remailer network established around the
Monty Cantsin wants the whole cypherpunk thing to happen.
Aside from the benefits of getting the remailer network going, there
is also great benefit to getting a small community using ecash
regularly.  Once that happens, we can start to find other services
that community can use.  From there ecash could become a pretty hot
item.  Once something like this starts to take off, it can take off
very quickly, especially where money is involved.
As for "conflicting messages" what you are probably seeing is
different ideas and (maybe) a little learning.  It's good.  It's
healthy.  I'm trying to find a way to make stuff work.
Your proposal seems to be intended to show how this is impossible.
Well, it's not impossible.  You and many other people have already
sunk the costs.  Accepting money is just one more little step forward.
If you are arguing that the day after you accept money you won't make
a profit, that's probably true.  But, since you're volunteering
anyway, what's the big deal?  If you are arguing that there's no way
anybody can ever make a profit, then you are talking about something
which is simply unknown.
We will probably have to do other things to get the remailer network
really going.  And we will do them.
Remailers that accept ecash can also accept free mail, although it
might be a good idea to offer premium service to the paying customers.
No, it's a professional comment.  Amateurs always underprice
themselves.  Then, they discover they can't make money at their low
prices and go under.  Try to price it as high as you can, make some
money, and grow wealthy.  If you get a lot of resistance, you lower
the price.  This works.
Let's say you have ten hops in your chain.  That costs one tenth of a
cent.  Are you seriously claiming that many people wouldn't pay more
than one tenth of a cent to avoid being harrassed, persecuted, or
To say that a remailer is just like e-mail and should be priced the
same is like saying a bank is just a warehouse for money.
What remailer operators are selling is trust, privacy, and security.
We the users trust them to conceal our traffic flows and our
identities.  Sometimes this will save our lives.  That's worth a lot
more than one tenth of a cent, isn't it?
What is more, markets where trust is involved tend to very good for
the people who are already established.  You are not going to save a
dime and risk your life or fortune.
This has already been covered.
1. A flat rate which results in associating all messages with one
account is unacceptable, even if the account itself is anonymous.
2. This implies that some sort of blinded credential will be used.
3. Ecash is already a blinded credential and the software is already
written, and it is probably easier to use than a blinded credential
At best, the transaction costs of ecash and some other blinded
credential are the same.  The only reason fixed rate deals are good is
because it lowers the transaction cost.  This will not work with
remailers because it defeats their purpose.
Unit pricing is always preferable when transaction costs are free
because the lighter users of the service don't end up paying for the
heavy users.
Trade is a good thing.  "If you will do this thing, I will do this
other thing for you."  All sorts of things result from this.
If remailer operators were making some money, maybe not even a lot, it
would certainly make them a little more interested in finding ways to
get people using remailers.  Many of these ways we haven't been
thought of yet.
It may be that the remailer network is better than I thought.  You
claim no messages are lost, but I have yet to confirm that this is the
case.  Nobody else seems to know what the remailer statistics mean.
Alex de Joode and you both say that the latencies result from message
reordering.  This also remains to be confirmed.
But, even if the existing network of remailers were perfect in every
way, we could still have more of them.  I would like to have hundreds
of remailers to route my traffic through and that will not happen
through a volunteer effort.
Now you're getting it!  Yes, people will pay for service and special
features, even special features that Monty Cantsin might not pay for.
(Until properly educated, that is.)
It is such a mistake to worry about the mass market right now.  Do you
have $10 million to mount a nationwide advertising campaign?
That means we start with a small specialized group of perceptive
people and get things rollling.
It may even be the case that the product never hits the mass market.
But, if it is useful to a few million select people, it will still
We talk a lot about "Joe Sixpack" on this list, but he's probably a
waste of time.  It's just too expensive to educate people who aren't
What should we do in this situation?:
I say we let him go.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-30 05:48:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
I've thought about this and I don't believe that it is a brick wall.
If the mixmaster remailers charged the smallest coin Mark Twain Bank
issues, then you would always get one coin and it would fit into the
packet.  I'm guessing this is a penny.  While this is not the ideal
method for deciding pricing, it would certainly work.
Even for larger amounts, there's probably a way to trick the Digicash
software into giving you the coins you want.  Let's say you are trying
to generate a pile of certificates in a certain amount that have less
than a certain size.  If you keep withdrawing the money and
redepositing it, you can keep the certificates which are the right
size and throw back the ones that aren't.  (You might have to find a
way to shake things up by depositing and withdrawing various amounts.)
There's probably a better way to do this.  For instance, we might
observe that every time ten dollars were withdrawn from the bank and a
certificate was generated for 25 cents, it only used three coins.  So,
we withdraw ten dollars, issue a 25 cent certificate, put back the
remaining amount, withdraw ten dollars, get another 25 cent
certificate, etc.  This is easily automated, of course.
Question: Where is the coin issuing decision made?  I assume that it
is made in the client software.  This, of course, is not under the
control of Digicash or Mark Twain bank.
Conclusion: Mixmaster remailers can probably use ecash with just a
little more work.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-30 06:00:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
And another point: Nobody wants to add latency.  (There may be a few
applications, but they are rare.)
What people want is security and one way to get it (sometimes) is by
adding latency to their messages.
Ideally, you would send a message and it would arrive at its
destination in milliseconds with complete security.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-30 07:54:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Re: attack on marijuana and other plants:
A few drags...and I can see multiple ways out and beyond. So why
all this heat on this harmless and rewarding substance?

@_date: 1997-09-30 08:49:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ecash Remailer #1 
This is a test of the first modern remailer to accept ecash.  Sorry for the

@_date: 1997-09-30 13:35:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
I, Monty Cantsin, will pay twenty-five dollars to the second operator
of a remailer on Raph's list to get a machine up and running which
accepts ecash as payment to forward a message.
Offer expires October 29, 1997 C.E.
Disputes are to be settled by Tim May.  If Mr. May declines to
participate, Monty Cantsin will decide.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-30 14:45:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
Congratulations to Ian Goldberg!  It is wonderful to have an ecash
accepting remailer up and running.  I would encourage those who have
ecash accounts to try out the ecash remailer and show Ian we
appreciate his running such a reliable system.  (Also, it's fun!)
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-09-30 15:01:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: None 
I, Monty Cantsin, will pay five dollars to the second operator
of a remailer on Raph's list to give me a blow job.
Offer expires October 29, 1997 C.E.
Disputes are to be settled by Tim May.  If Mr. May declines to
participate, Monty Cantsin will decide.
This is not a forgery by that Canadian asshole.
Monty Cantsin
Editor in Chief
Smile Magazine

@_date: 1997-10-01 10:36:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why? 
- From "The Unbearable Lightness of Being" by Milan Kundera
Part 4, Section 2:
    It was a program about Czech emigration, a montage of private
  conversations recorded with the latest bugging devices by a Czech spy
  who had infiltrated the emigre community and then returned in great
  glory to Prague.  It was insignificant prattle dotted with some harsh
  words about the occupation regime, but here and there one emigre would
  call another an imbecile or a fraud.  These trivial remarks were the
  point of the broadcast.  They were meant to prove not merely that
  emigres had bad things to say about the Soviet Union (which neither
  surprised nor upset anyone in the country), but that they call one
  another names and make free use of dirty words.  People use filthy
  language all day long, but when they turn on the radio and hear a
  well-known personality, someone they respect, saying "fuck" in every
  sentence, they feel somehow let down.
    "It all started with Prochazka," said Tomas.
    Jan Prochazka, a forty-year-old Czech novelist with the strength and
  vitality of an ox, began criticizing public affairs vociferously even
  before 1968.  He then became one of the best-loved figures of the
  Prague Spring, that dizzying liberalization of Communism which ended
  with the Russian invasion.  Shortly after the invasion the press
  initiated a smear campaign against him, but the more they smeared, the
  more people liked him.  Then (in 1970, to be exact) the Czech radio
  broadcast a series of private talks between Prochazka and a professor
  friend of his which had taken place two years before (that is, in the
  spring of 1968).  For a long time, neither of them had any idea that
  the professor's flat was bugged and their every step dogged.
  Prochazka loved to regale his friends with hyperbole and excess.  Now
  his excesses had become a weekly radio series.  The secret police, who
  produced and directed the show, took pains to emphasize the sequences
  in which Prochazka made fun of his friends - Dubcek, for instance.
  People slander their friends at the drop of a hat, but they were more
  shocked by the much-loved Prochazka than by the much-hated secret
  police.
    Tomas turned off the radio and said, "Every country has its secret
  police.  But a secret police that broadcasts its tapes over the radio
  - there's something that could happen only in Prague, something
  absolutely without precedent!"
    "I know a precedent," said Tereza.  "When I was fourteen, I kept a
  secret diary.  I was terrified that someone might read it, so I kept
  it hidden in the attic.  Mother sniffed it out.  One day at dinner,
  while we were all hunched over our soup, she took it out of her pocket
  and said, 'Listen carefully now, everybody!'  And after every
  sentence, she burst out laughing.  They all laughed so hard they
  couldn't eat."
Part 4, Section 4:
    She came out into Old Town Square - the stern spires of Tyn Church,
  the irregular rectangle of Gothic and baroque houses.  Old Town Hall,
  which dated from the fourteenth century and had once stretched over a
  whole side of the square, was in ruins and had been so for
  twenty-seven years.  Warsaw, Dresden, Berlin, Cologne, Budapest - all
  were horribly scarred in the last war.  But their inhabitants had
  built them up again and painstakingly restored the old historical
  sections.  The people of Prague had an inferiority complex with
  respect to these other cities.  Old Town Hall was the only monuyment
  of note destroyed in the war, and they decided to leave it in ruins so
  that no Pole or Germans could accuse them of having suffered less than
  their share.  In front of the glorious ruins, a reminder for now and
  eternity of the evils perpetrated by war, stood a steel-bar reviewing
  stand for some demonstration or other that the Communist Party had
  herded the people of Prague to the day before or would be herding them
  to the day after.
    Gazing at the remains of Old Town Hall, Tereza was suddenly reminded
  of her mother: that perverse need one has to expose one's ruins, one's
  ugliness, to parade one's misery, to uncover the stump of one's
  amputated arm and force the whole world to look at it.  Everything had
  begun reminding her of her mother lately.  Her mother's world, which
  she had fled ten years before, seemed to be coming back to her,
  surrounding her on all sides.  That was why she told Tomas that
  morning about how her mother had read her secret diary at the dinner
  table to an accompaniment of guffaws.  When a private talk over a
  bottle of wine is broadcast on the radio, what can it mean but that
  the world is turning into a concentration camp?
    Almost from childhood, Tereza had used the term to express how she
  felt about life with her family.  A concentration camp is a world in
  which people live crammed together constantly, night and day.
  Brutality and violence are merely secondary (and not in the least
  indispensable) characteristics.  A concentration camp is the complete
  obliteration of privacy.  Prochazka, who was not allowed to chat with
  a friend over a bottle of wine in the shelter of privacy, lived
  (unknown to him - a fatal error on his part!) in a concentration camp.
  Tereza lived in the concentration camp when she lived with her mother.
  Almost from childhood, she knew that a concentration camp was nothing
  exceptional or startling but something very basic, a given into which
  we are born and from which we can escape only with the greatest of
  efforts.

@_date: 1998-02-02 22:39:06
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
Depends on where you shop.  I was recently at a store where my request
to pay with a credit card instead of cash elicited a look of disappointment
from the owner-operator.  Normally I'd have been happy to accomodate his
desire for cash, but when someone else is letting you charge it to their
credit card... well...
I think the real problem is dealing with big companies who want you name,
address, and phone number for their marketing dept.  Mom and pop shops
would much prefer to cut out the middleman.

@_date: 1998-02-03 13:54:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Airline ticket information -- help 
I figured you could probably BS such info out of a helpful customer service
agent, but this is just too fucking easy.
Now I know why Kaczynski wanted to bomb all those airlines and computer
companies.  I wish he'd gotten these idiots.

@_date: 1998-02-04 03:38:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: A fatal flaw in PGP 6.0 
This was posted anonymously to alt.security.pgp last night
encrypt e-mail I get an error:
cypher as ROT-13 though!  I changed mine to RC-2 255-bit.
Anyone like to confirm this?

@_date: 1998-02-04 07:07:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft 
I really am not so worried about Microsoft's software strategy as I am
about their communication infrastructure strategy.  Every time I go to
a computer show or swap meet, I see stacks of Linux CDs selling like hot
cakes.  Most anyone with a clue who doesn't like Billy's crapware knows
precisely where to find something better.
What concerns me more is the partnerships that Billy & Co. are making
with internet providers, especially cable & DSL.  Many of the cable
modem service providers have notoriously bad reputations for using packet
filters to block stuff they don't like.  These days, any internet
provider who tries that shit usually finds its customers going elsewhere,
but when there's only one or two cable providers and Mickeysoft owns them
all, then what?
The solution, of course, is encrypted IP, something which has been moving
far too slowly.  Frankly I'm pretty disappointed with the apparent
unwillingness of several IETF members to address the obvious MITM attacks,
such as CBC cut-and-paste.  It is going to royally suck when we have to
redo it because the protocol didn't work the first time.

@_date: 1998-02-09 13:07:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
How many of us have done this? I nuked mine in the parking lot of the DMV.

@_date: 1998-02-10 13:23:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: 145 Million 
And someone else replied:
All I can say is that if you are paying
$145 for 45K pounds, you are getting ripped off no matter if it is the
kindest Norhtern Lights you ever
That is  $18,777.78+ a pound.

@_date: 1998-02-10 18:37:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
Lucky Green  enlightened us with:
Of course not! The People's Socialist Nirvana of Oregon
is a foreign country. Just the fact that almost all
other foreign countries recognize the U.S. passport as
valid identification for things far more momentous than
the purchase of alcohol doesn't mean that the PSNofO
has to!
What do they require in Oregon? A little holographic
tatoo in paisley? A barcode on the tongue? Oh, I know!
A machine-readable ID on the inside of the rectum!
Has anyone figured out the obvious answer to this shit?
If you have, don't answer. And don't send me the bodies
by UPS collect, either.

@_date: 1998-02-11 00:02:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: school filter legislation 
Filtering sex off the Net in schools By Reuters NEWS.COM February 10, 1998, 5:55 a.m. PT URL:  WASHINGTON--Senate Commerce Committee chairman John McCain (R-Arizona) and Sen. Ernest
Hollings (D-South Carolina), the ranking Democrat on the panel, introduced a bill yesterday to protect children
from sexually explicit materials on the Internet and in the library. The Commerce committee will hold a hearing on indecency on the Internet today. The legislation would force schools and libraries to filter or block access to some Internet sites in order to
qualify for billions of dollars of federal subsidies aimed at bringing more computers into classrooms and public
libraries. Under the legislation, schools would have to certify with the Federal Communications Commission that they
are using or will use a filtering device on computers with Internet access so that students will not be able to
access sexually explicit or other materials deemed "harmful." A school would not be eligible to receive government subsidies for universal access to the Internet unless it
met those conditions. To qualify for the subsidies, libraries would be required to use a filtering system on one or more of their
computers so that at least one computer would be "suitable for minors' use," McCain's office said. "The prevention lies not in censoring what goes on the Internet, but rather in filtering what comes out of it onto
the computers our children use outside the home," McCain said. In a speech on the Senate floor introducing the measure, McCain noted that when the word "teen" was typed
into a Web search engine, a site about teen sex was the first search result to appear. Civil liberties groups have criticized efforts to filter access to materials available on the Internet, saying that
such technologies often block out data that children need to learn about AIDS prevention and find support for
depression and issues related to their sexuality. Hollings said the legislation gave schools and libraries "an added financial incentive to filter children's access
to the Internet," adding, "We must tackle this problem of children innocently stumbling onto indecent material
while using the Web for legitimate research purposes or face dire consequences." Under the legislation, school and library administrators would be free to choose any filtering or blocking
system that would best fit their community standards and local needs. The bill forbids the federal government from making "qualitative judgments about the system a school or
library has chosen to implement," according to a summary. Sen. Dan Coats (R-Indiana) and Sen. Patty Murray (D-Washington) are also sponsoring the legislation. Story Copyright  1998 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved.  Go to  Front Door   |   The Net   |   Search   |   Short takes     One Week View  Copyright  1995-98 CNET, Inc. All rights reserved.

@_date: 1998-02-13 01:49:20
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I'm in El Paso Texas... so close to the border
I can see Old Mex outside my window as I write this..
I'm over there nearly every day for lunch ( I actually
walk there from my house it's so close) If I write
a crypto program on my laptop over there and ftp
it to a web page I have on a server outside the US
will I have avoided the foolish export regs??
Does anyone know of someone trying this before??

@_date: 1998-02-13 10:19:47
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Letter of the law 
My guess is this:
  if it has the name of a US citizen in the copyright
notice, it will be assumed to have been made in the
US. if the morons even go after you. you still may have
a plausable excuse if ever taken to court.
after all, you "exported" youself, which is a perfectly
legal thing to take out of the country, and "yourself"
accidentally spewed a copy of something that couldn't
cross the border.
I don't think anybody has tried this and been challenged.
then again, a lot of us don't have the opportunity.
It's easier to ask forgivness than permission...
Another easier excuse would be to publish it freely in
hardcopy form, and just "happen" to have somebody end up
"typing" in your source code abroad, making a legit
international copy...

@_date: 1998-02-17 19:03:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Well, yes it would, but the original scenario includes WRITING the code
outside of the US, which means it never was a US creation, even if the
creature that happened to be writing the code was native to the US.
The question is whether the dude could pull a stunt like this and get
away with it. I'd say go for it. You got a plausible loophole to a
stupid law that might not hold in court anyways.

@_date: 1998-02-17 20:31:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Who the hell uses VB of all languages - to write
a crypto algorithm? And, which sane person uses
MicroSucks Winduhz?

@_date: 1998-02-17 23:55:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I was auto-outed by an IMG tag in HTML spam 
I just had my on-line pseudonym outed to my company's VP of
marketing, with potentially serious internecine political
consequences.  It didn't even take an AOL customer service rep
to do the dirty deed.  Here's how it happened.
I have an account unconnected with work, for personal mail, on a
machine run by a friend in my wife's department at the local
college.  From this account, I speak my mind about my political
views, my employer's spamming of their rather loosely defined
lists of "customers", etc.  I don't do that from my work account
because I don't want any confusion about whether I am speaking
for the company or not.
Evidently my mention of my displeasure with my company's
spamming hit a nerve with marketing.  They sent a message to my
off-site address (along with those of other critics about whom
they wanted to know more).  It was an HTML message with an
embedded IMG tag.
Last night about midnight, I downloaded my off-site mail with
Netscape.  (I was still at work because our team is debugging
some killer database problems.)  When Netscape saw that IMG
tag, it happily connected to marketing's "customer" tracking
server, and downloaded the keyed graphic.
My boss just let me see the log he got from the marketing VP,
showing clearly that my workstation read the message.  The log
was attached to a strident call for my head from the VP. Luckily, my boss agrees with my attitude, as do all of my
co-workers on the engineering side of the house, and thinks I
was in the right to use an off-site account.  But the political
fallout could be interesting.
Beware "live" message content.  If you don't, you may end up
having to get your company's entire marketing force fired to
protect yourself.
Use mail readers that don't automatically process HTML and
connect to image servers, accept cookies, or run javascripts. You are being watched by tricky defective, er, detective types.

@_date: 1998-02-20 05:01:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Lately, anonymous messages sent to the list
with Replay's Web-based remailer have not
been getting through - anyone know if one or
more of these remailers (efga, replay, ml, obscura, cypherpunks.ca) are down?
In case my last message doesn't get through,
I'm looking for info on how one can create and
use a persistent Nym. I looked and can't find
info on how to do this anywhere (besides the
creation of a "free" email account somewhere).
Can any cypherpunks help?
Thank you.

@_date: 1998-02-21 05:55:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What is the latest version of PGP 5.5.x Biz? 
Uh!  All thses different versions floating about!  Can anyone tell me what the
latest version of PGP 5.5 Biz is?
5.5.2 ?  5.5.3?  (Win32 platform)
Thanks in advance

@_date: 1998-02-21 06:11:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: US law on re-exporting crypto software? 
An article in the current issue of the German journal `Datenschutz und
Datensicherheit' claims that exporting crypto software from anywhere
outside the US to a third country violates US law if the software
contains (only marginal amounts of) US-developed code, such as a C
standard library, and that anyone distributing crypto software that
has been compiled with an American compiler had better not visit the
United States.  Is that true?

@_date: 1998-02-21 11:29:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: On War, Legends, and Crypto (fwd) 
I was suggesting that when finding oneself in a conflict with LEOs, it is
better to be in the position of a trainrobber hiding in a cave with a
backdoor, rather than in the position of someone getting bombed in their
house at Waco or Ruby Ridge.
You are always better off if you can show your opponent the futility of
his goal.

@_date: 1998-02-21 12:31:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Digital copy prot3ction 
Of course.
Such schemes usually increase the amount of piracy in the long-term,
because it encourages people to convert the material into a more easily
copied form.
If you've ever followed any of the warez scenes, what you find is
generally about 1% of the population acutally obtain and convert the
material, and the other 99% just trade copies around.  (Consider, for
example, the number of people who actually know how to dump the
contents of an eprom chip versus the number of sites where you can
download copies of nintendo/sega/etc games.)

@_date: 1998-02-24 08:43:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I noticed the sixth printing in Barnes and Noble 2 weeks ago. I didn't have too long to peruse thru it... Are there any big error corrections/
other reasons to pay any close attention to the new printing?

@_date: 1998-01-04 09:34:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Meganet's Unbreakable Virtual Matrix Encryption Takes the Market by St 
Why should Microsoft, IBM, AT&T, Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Intel, America
Online, Netscape, "all the great computer minds in this country," etc. give
a flying fuck?

@_date: 1998-01-08 11:02:54
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Creative Insecurity                The complicated truth behind the rise of Microsoft                By Virginia I. Postrel                Back in 1983, Forbes ran an article called "If they're so smart,
               why aren't they rich?" It was about how inventors rarely reap
               big financial rewards from their creations, and it started like
               this:
               "Here are some names you are not likely ever to see in The
               Forbes Four Hundred [list of the richest Americans]: Franklin
               Lim. Gary Kildall. Bill Gates...."
               Oops.
               The world's richest man wasn't always so. During the last
               round of high-tech excitement--the personal-computer boom of
               the early 1980s (which was followed by a traumatic
               shakeout)--Gates looked like a smart programming geek whose
               business savvy was dwarfed by the marketing whizzes at
               Apple: "Their Apple Corp.," wrote the anonymous Forbes
               author, "has been among the most successful at packaging a
               product that sells and then selling it at an attractive price."
               Therein lies a tale. As the Justice Department and a half-dozen
               state attorneys general push forward antitrust actions against
               Microsoft, it's worth considering how the company got where it
               is and what that suggests about the strengths and limitations of
               markets.
               There are two main fables told about Microsoft: It has become
               the dominant, standard-setting software company, and made
               Gates a multibillionaire, because a) it makes wonderful
               products and expresses all that is good about a capitalist
               system or b) it cheats. Both fables turn up especially strongly in
               statements by people who lack deep knowledge of the
               industry, and each serves the interests of an industry faction.
               The truth, however, is more complicated. Considered without
               regard to price, ubiquity, or compatibility with inexpensive
               hardware, many Microsoft products are mediocre at best. I am
               happily writing this article using an obsolete Macintosh
               operating system and WordPerfect, both of which I find
               superior to even the latest versions of Windows and Word.
               Great products did not make Microsoft number one.
               Good-enough products did.
               That uncomfortable truth offends moralists on both sides of the
               Microsoft debate. The company's fans (and its spin doctors)
               want to tell a simple tale about virtue triumphant--with virtue
               defined, Atlas Shrugged-style, not only as astute business
               decision making and fierce competition but also as engineering
               excellence. Its critics use the same definition. If the products are
               less than great, they suggest, the only way to explain the
               company's success is through some sort of sleaze. Or,
               alternatively, through the innate flaws of the market.
               So what really happened? How did Microsoft end up ruling PC
               operating systems and, through them, software in general?
               At the risk of simplifying a complex story (if only by reducing
               it to two players), the bottom line is this: Apple acted--and
               continues to act--like a smug, self-righteous monopolist.
               Microsoft acted--and continues to act--like a scrambling,
               sometimes vicious competitor.
               That pattern shows up most clearly in pricing strategies.
               Microsoft's approach, throughout its history, has been to charge
               low prices and sell an enormous amount of software. True to
               form, the company is currently in trouble with the Justice
               Department for charging too little--nothing--for its Internet
               Explorer, by including it in Windows. (The technical legal
               dispute is over whether Explorer is a "feature" of Windows, as
               Microsoft maintains, or a separate product that is an illegal
               "tie-in" and thus violates a consent decree Microsoft signed in
               1995.)
               The low-price strategy makes sense on two levels: First, it
               approximates marginal-cost pricing, since software, once
               written, costs very little for each additional copy. Anything
               above that incremental cost, however small, is profit. Second,
               and more significantly in this case, lower prices mean more
               customers. And the more people who use a particular kind of
               software, the more desirable it is for others to use it too.
               Although translators help, switching formats is messy and
               inconvenient. This "network externality" is particularly
               important for operating systems and Internet browser formats,
               since software developers and Web site designers have to pick
               a standard for which to optimize their products.
               As Gates toldWall Street Journal reporter Jim Carlton in an
               interview for Carlton's new book Apple: The Inside Story of
               Intrigue, Egomania, and Business Blunders, "Momentum
               creates momentum. If you have volume, then people write
               apps. If people write apps, you have momentum."
               But if you think you already have a monopoly, you don't
               worry about momentum. While Apple executives theoretically
               knew they had competition, they acted as though they didn't.
               Back in 1983 Apple may have been "selling [its computers] at
               an attractive price." But the coming of the IBM clones made
               Apple's prices look downright hideous. In the face of
               ever-stronger competition, the company insisted on pricing the
               Macintosh to maintain at least 50 percent profit margins; its
               "50-50-50 rule" told managers to keep margins up to maintain
               the stock price.
               Customers who paid their own personal money for Macs might
               be able to justify the high price simply because the computers
               were fun and easy to use. But business managers who paid
               Apple prices for any but the most specialized applications,
               notably graphics-intensive work, were either fiscally
               irresponsible or just plain dumb. Apple's pricing strategy
               handed the vast business market to computers running
               Microsoft operating systems, first DOS, then Windows.
               Microsoft, of course, doesn't sell computers. It's in the software
               business. You can get its operating system (and run its
               applications) on all sorts of different machines, whose
               manufacturers compete intensely. That competition drives
               down consumer costs, even as machine features get better all
               the time.
               Apple didn't want that sort of competition. It not only kept its
               own prices high but refused to license its software to any other
               computer maker. That meant even fewer people used its
               operating system, which further dampened its momentum.
               Apple, in fact, acted like the ultimate "tie-in" monopolist. You
               not only couldn't buy parts of its software separately; you
               couldn't buy them at all without forking over thousands for an
               Apple-made machine. And Apple has never been particularly
               good at manufacturing.
               After the company tepidly began licensing a couple of years
               ago, Mac clone makers did what Apple had feared: They cut
               into its revenue. But they also expanded the market, and they
               made the fastest computers ever to carry the Mac operating
               system. They gave Apple money for its software, even as they
               bore the costs of manufacturing and distributing their
               machines. And they gave consumers more choice, more
               alternatives to Windows. If I were an antitrust regulator
               looking for conspiracies, I'd be wondering just how
               coincidental it was that Microsoft invested $150 million in
               Apple just about the time Steve Jobs announced that the
               company was ending the clone program.
               Such explanations aren't necessary, however. Apple screwed
               Mac lovers all by itself. Far from the marketing whizzes of 1983
               conventional wisdom, its executives were enamored with the
               cult of the machine, too hung up on the beauty of their product
               to understand that consumers actually cared about many other
               things: price, plenty of software, and compatibility with other
               systems. Quality is not one-dimensional.
               Apple's arrogance left computer users with less choice than
               they might have had--or, perhaps, with more. After all, if Apple
               had slashed prices early on and taken the business market
               seriously from the start, it could well have ended up in a
               Microsoft-like position, but without having to share its market
               with clones. Microsoft would then have been mostly an
               applications company, selling Excel and Word to Mac users,
               and we'd be hearing about the evil, anticompetitive actions of
               Steve Jobs.
               That seems unlikely, however, and the reason is revealing.
               Apple's all-in-one-box strategy was inherently brittle. It offered
               too many margins of error and too few margins of adjustment.
               The same company wrote the software and made the machines.
               So if the computers caught on fire, as they sometimes did, or
               the manufacturing plants couldn't keep up with Christmas
               demand, there was no alternative outlet for the Mac operating
               system. Software sales dropped too. No competitive sales force
               could go after business users while Jobs and company were
               chasing public schools. All new ideas had to come from within
               the same closed system. (For a discussion of related issues, see
               my Forbes ASAP article "Resilience vs. Anticipation". While
               Apple is based in Silicon Valley, its self-sufficiency strategy
               more closely resembles those of the minicomputer companies
               based around Boston.)
               Microsoft's partner-dependent system proved far more resilient
               as the industry changed. The company didn't have to do
               everything itself, and it could reap the benefits of innovations
               by others, whether in manufacturing, assembly, distribution, or
               applications software. Instead of the best minds of a single
               company, it enlisted the best minds of hundreds. And while
               Microsoft depended on its partners to build the market, in time
               they came to depend on Microsoft. The irony is that by making
               alliances and competing furiously--by not acting like a
               monopolist--Microsoft wound up reaping the benefits of a
               near-monopoly on its operating system.
               It is emphatically not true that "when you buy a computer, you
               already are without any choice as to the operating system," as
               Microsoft critic Audrie Krause said on Crossfire. Both
               REASON's production department and I personally will be
               buying new Macs in the next few months. Translation software
               makes it relatively easy to go from one operating system to
               another. Nowadays, it's possible to function reasonably well
               with an operating system that controls only 5 percent of the
               new-computer market.
               The great fear of Microsoft's critics is that the company will
               wind up controlling everything, foisting mediocre-to-poor
               products on an unwilling public at ever-higher prices. It's
               impossible to disprove that hypothetical scenario. But history,
               and Microsoft's own intense paranoia, cast doubt on it. Just
               when its quasi-monopoly looks secure, something
               new--Netscape's Web browsers, Sun Microsystems' Java
               programming language--pops up and makes Microsoft
               scramble to maintain its position. So far its resilience has
               served it well, but the critics' scary scenario relies on more than
               successful scrambling. It requires absolute security, no future
               challengers. And that looks unlikely.
               Consider the smoking gun memo cited by Assistant Attorney
               General Joel Klein at the press conference announcing the
               Justice Department suit. An internal Microsoft document, it
               told marketing managers to "Worry about the browser share as
               much as Bill Gates does, because we will lose the Internet
               platform battle if we do not have a significant user-installed
               base. The industry would simply ignore our standards. At
               your level, that is at the manager level, if you let customers
               deploy Netscape Navigator, you lose the leadership on the
               desktop."
               I will leave it to the attorneys to divine what it means not to "let
               customers deploy Netscape Navigator," but one thing is clear:
               This is not a company that thinks like a monopoly. It is always
               running scared. There's always the possibility that something
               new could come along and destroy its franchise.
               Microsoft didn't get where it is by creating perfect products. It
               benefited as much from its competitors' mistakes as from its
               own considerable acumen. And it isn't shy about leaning on
               suppliers and intermediate customers, such as computer
               makers, to get its way. In the eyes of its critics, its success is
               therefore proof that something is amiss in the marketplace.
               But the market doesn't promise perfection, only a
               trial-and-error process of discovery and improvement. The
               fallible human beings who create products make mistakes.
               They let their egos and preconceptions blind them to what
               people really want. Or they just don't know enough, or adjust
               fast enough, to produce the right goods at the right time. That
               some of Microsoft's strongest current competitors--Sun and
               Oracle--are gripped by an anti-PC ideology, when customers
               love the independence and flexibility of personal computers,
               does not bode well for them.
               What is striking about the story of Microsoft is how adaptable
               the company has been. Gates's original vision of "a computer
               on every desk and in every home, running Microsoft software"
               didn't specify what sort of software or who would make the
               computers. It was an open-ended, flexible idea that built a
               resilient company.
               What Microsoft has delivered is pretty much what most people
               want: a way to use computers easily, for many different
               purposes. Its software isn't always elegant, but that's the
               criterion of programming elites, not everyday users. And
               though Microsoft is clearly the big kid on the block, it has
               enabled, and encouraged, lots of other software developers.
               Microsoft accounts for a mere 4 percent of industry revenue. As
               Eamonn Sullivan of PC Week notes, "A lot of companies are
               making a lot of money on the ubiquity of Windows, providing
               users with a lot of choice where they want it--on their desktops.
               That isn't the expected result of a monopoly."
               From 1969 to 1982, the Justice Department carried on a similar
               trust-busting crusade against IBM, which had behaved in many
               ways just like Microsoft. (An earlier antitrust action against
               IBM had been settled by a consent decree in 1956.) Millions of
               dollars were transferred from the taxpayers and stockholders to
               lawyers and expert witnesses. Enormous amounts of brain
               power were dissipated. Having to monitor every action for
               possible legal ramifications further constipated IBM's
               already-centralized culture.
               The suit was a complete waste. Whatever quasi-monopoly IBM
               had was broken not by government enforcers but by obscure
               innovators, working on computer visions neither IBM nor the
               Justice Department's legions of lawyers had imagined. Big Blue
               is still big, though it's smaller than it once was. But nobody
               thinks it could control the world. The world, it seems, is
               beyond that sort of control.

@_date: 1998-01-08 11:04:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
CRACKING
             DOWN
                 ON
       MICROSOFT
           The Justice
       Department has
       a long history of
            mistaking
         innovators for
          monopolists
       BY LAWRENCE J. SISKIND
          THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE has
          painted its assault on Microsoft Corp. as a campaign against
          tying. Microsoft, the government says, should not be
          allowed to force manufacturers who load Windows95 onto
          their computers to include the Internet Explorer Web
          browser.           Close inspection, however, reveals that the DOJ is not
          guarding against tying -- it is guarding against change. And
          while the Justice Department has won the first round
          against the software giant, the question of whether that
          change is good or ill should be left to the market to decide,
          not the government.
          When the DOJ charged Microsoft with violating their 1995
          consent decree, it cited Sec. IV(E)(I), which bars Microsoft
          from conditioning the licensing of any one product on the
          licensing of another. Microsoft's Windows95 operating
          system includes the Internet Explorer -- IE -- Web browser.
          Microsoft openly forbids PC manufacturers licensed to load
          Windows95 from removing the browser. To Joel Klein, head
          of the DOJ's Antitrust Division, this is unlawful tying, plain
          and simple. "We think the evidence will show unmistakably
          that these are two separate products," he said. "Everybody
          knows you have an operating system and you have a
          browser."
          Everybody also knows that whenever a lawyer begins a
          statement with the phrase "everybody knows," the
          consequent proposition will be questionable at best. Mr.
          Klein's statement was not flat-out wrong. But it was flat-out
          nearsighted. The only thing "everybody knows" about
          operating systems is that they are constantly changing.
               Mr. Klein's statement was not
            flat-out wrong. But it was flat-out
                nearsighted. The only thing
           'everybody knows' about operating
          systems is that they are constantly
                             changing.
          An operating system program controls the operation of the
          computer, determining which programs run and when. It
          also coordinates the interaction between the computer's
          memory and its attached devices. When the world's first PC,
          the Altair 8800, appeared in 1975, its operating system
          didn't have much to operate. The product was a
          do-it-yourself kit, without display screen or printer.
          Operating systems became more complex as personal
          computers became more versatile.
          FAR-FLUNG PERIPHERALS
          Contemporary operating systems are as far removed from
          the early operating systems as Cape Kennedy is from Kitty
          Hawk. They have evolved to manage a growing array of
          peripherals: keyboard, monitor, disk drives, printer, fax,
          modem and more. They have also embraced new features
          and capabilities: data compression, disk defragmentation,
          multimedia extensions and data transmission technology.
          All of these features, by the way, once existed as separate
          programs. Yet no one views their inclusion in modern
          operating systems as any kind of tying.
          Which brings us to the Windows95 operating system. When
          Microsoft began to develop Windows95, then code-named
          "Chicago," it decided to build Internet technology into it.
          The early elements of this technology included a Web
          browser and were code-named "O'Hare." The very first
          commercially available versions of Windows95 included
          Internet Explorer as a component. Since then, IE has been
          repeatedly upgraded, with each successive version more
          tightly intertwined with the rest of the operating system.
          The most recent version, IE 4.0, is ubiquitous, and allows
          the user to explore World Wide Web sites from anywhere on
          the computer. One can connect to the Web without even
          opening the browser, and one can view Web sites (called
          "channels") without connecting to the Internet.
          What is true about Windows95 also holds true for rival
          products. Brit Hume recently observed in the Weekly
          Standard: "The distinction between browsers and
          operating systems has blurred to the point where it's not
          clear where one ends and the other begins." Every major
          contemporary operating system now contains Internet
          technology.
            Designing an operating system to
             access the Internet represents a
                quantitative, rather than a
                      qualitative, change.
          The intermeshing of operating systems with Internet
          capabilities is eminently logical. These systems have always
          been designed to access information. In the early days, that
          meant accessing hard drives and floppy-disk drives. With
          the advent of the CD-ROM, they were designed to access
          data from that source. As businesses brought PCs into the
          office, computers became linked together into networks;
          operating systems were designed to access information from
          local area networks.
          The Internet, for all its unimaginably vast dimensions, is
          just another repository of information to a computer.
          Designing an operating system to access the Internet
          represents a quantitative, rather than a qualitative, change.
          MICROSOFT SLACKING
          Ironically, this is not a change sponsored or spearheaded
          by Microsoft. If anything, Bill Gates has been a laggard in
          this area. His rivals are far ahead and he is playing
          catch-up.
          The great proponents of Internet-driven computers have
          emerged from Silicon Valley, not from Redmond, Wash.
          Larry Ellison, CEO of Oracle Corp., has long championed
          the idea of the "network computer." Consider computers as
          underwater divers. Equipping each diver with his own tanks
          is wasteful and inefficient. It imposes severe limits on how
          long and how far the diver can explore. Instead, let every
          diver be connected to a surface mothership. The connection
          frees the diver from the limitations and burdens of carrying
          his own tanks. Similarly, loading millions of PCs with their
          own copies of software programs is a waste of resources.
          Instead, let every computer be networked and draw its
          software needs from the vast store of the Internet. The
          result, Ellison says, would be high-quality personal
          computers retailing at about $500.
          In line with this thinking, Sun Microsystems has developed
          Java, a language that allows programmers to create
          Internet-based applications capable of running on any
          computer, regardless of operating system. Sun's CEO, Scott
          McNealy, notes that 400,000 programmers (including 2,500
          at IBM) are currently writing programs in Java language.
          The libertarian journalist and futurist George Gilder
          believes Java will revolutionize personal computing and
          render proprietary systems like Windows obsolete.
          If the future of personal computing is indeed linked to the
          Internet, then weaving Internet technology into Windows95
          (and even more intimately and pervasively into Windows98)
          is not a grab for power. It is a clutch for survival.
          Which brings us back to the DOJ's decision to prosecute
          Microsoft for tying. Some have suspected a political bias,
          noting that in 1992 and 1996 Silicon Valley entrepreneurs
          were among Clinton's best friends in the business
          community. Microsoft, on the other hand, has always
          remained aloof from politics.
          'INSTITUTIONAL MYOPIA'
          But I believe the attack on Microsoft stems from
          institutional myopia rather than political bias. The DOJ's
          Antitrust Division may understand the law and may be
          sincerely dedicated to enforcing it fairly. But it has no way
          of knowing where the economy is headed or how fast it is
          heading in that direction. Instead, the division views the
          economy as static. An operating system will always be an
          operating system. A browser will always be a browser. Just
          like timber, coal or oil: Products do not change.
          Because of this institutional myopia, the DOJ has a history
          of marching down wrong roads. In 1969, it prosecuted IBM.
          Fifteen years passed before the department finally
          understood what every high school techno-geek already
          knew: The computer industry was dynamic, and Big Blue
          was not dominant.
               If the Internet is the future of
           personal computing, then weaving
            Internet technology into Windows
               is not a grab for power. It is a
                      clutch for survival.
          The hapless campaign against IBM probably did no harm.
          Other Antitrust Division missteps have. In the 1960s and
          '70s, long after most Americans had abandoned the
          neighborhood Mom-and-Pop store for the national chain,
          the DOJ was prosecuting Topco Associates, a cooperative
          association of small grocery chains. The DOJ wanted to
          protect the association's small regional members. It failed to
          notice the dynamic changes already apparent to the
          average shopper. The days of the Mom-and-Pop grocer were
          over. And while the DOJ was successfully squashing Topco,
          its much more powerful rivals -- The Great Atlantic & Pacific
          Tea Co. Inc. (A&P), Safeway Inc., the Kroger Co. -- were
          assuming dominance over the grocery business.
          The same myopia underlies the decision to prosecute
          Microsoft. Enslaved by its institutional myopia, the DOJ
          simply cannot understand that operating systems change.
          Thus, it sees tying when in fact there is transmutation.
          Internet-oriented operating systems may be the wave of the
          future. Or they may be a detour to nowhere. Not everyone
          likes or needs the endless waits, the superfluous graphics
          and the flood of irrelevant and unwanted information that
          always seem to accompany excursions onto the Internet.
          Nothing is certain in high tech; business empires rise and
          fall with stunning rapidity. Confronting this sometimes
          creative, sometimes destructive turmoil, a wise government
          would recognize its limitations and restrict its role. Whether
          Windows95 should include Internet Explorer is a question
          best left to the millions of jurors who make up the
          marketplace.
                                AUTHOR
     LAWRENCE J. SISKIND is a San Francisco attorney who specializes in
   intellectual property law. Mr. Siskind owns stock in Microsoft Corp. He hopes
   that his pro-Microsoft opinions, once published, will influence the price of his
       stock favorably. The expectation of financial gain has colored, if not
                 dictated, the opinions expressed in his article.

@_date: 1998-01-09 17:56:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Censored] Quote of the Day (fwd) 
I think John has been skipping his meds again. Come on, John, the pill is
your friend!

@_date: 1998-01-10 07:52:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft's Future 2/2 
Chances are it's a safe bet. While Microsoft concedes that Windows
         NT servers won't replace the world's supply of mainframe computers
         anytime soon, Jeffrey S. Raikes, Microsoft's group vice-president for
         sales and marketing, predicts that in the next few years, NT could
         unseat IBM's stalwart AS/400 minicomputer--a $3.4 billion annual
         business. By selling NT, Office 97, and a suite of networking software
         called BackOffice, Raikes' goal is to increase Microsoft's average
         annual revenues per corporate computer user from less than $150
         today to more than $200 in the next two years.
         Analysts like what they see. They predict the software maker will sell $5
         billion worth of NT and BackOffice by 2000, double what's expected
         this fiscal year. ''Today, we see Microsoft software at the heart of
         almost every desktop,'' says analyst Neil Herman of Salomon Smith
         Barney. ''In 10 years, we'll see Microsoft software at the heart of 90% of
         the servers out there, too.''
         One company already feeling the heat is Netscape. On Jan. 5, the
         Silicon Valley highflier announced that its quarterly sales would be $125
         million to $130 million--well below the $165 million analysts had
         expected. Worse, it will report its first loss in nine quarters. The reason:
         Netscape's server and browser sales are down because of stiff
         competition from Microsoft and IBM (page 69). ''Microsoft is the
         primary cause of Netscape's problems,'' says analyst Bruce D. Smith of
         Merrill Lynch & Co.
         That doesn't mean Microsoft will own enterprise. The operating system
         accounts for just 20% of the installed base of computer servers. And for
         the rest of that business Microsoft faces a revitalized IBM that is well
         entrenched in Corporate America and becoming a formidable
         competitor on the Net. After stumbling in the early '90s, IBM has made
         a remarkable comeback by using PC technology to sell mainframe
         computers costing less than one-tenth what customers paid in the late
         1980s. That has kept many major customers true blue.
         Database giant Oracle also has an incredibly loyal following. It has 39%
         of that sector, vs. less than 4% for Microsoft's SQL Server. Microsoft's
         database software is still seen as not powerful enough to handle the
         really big jobs at giant corporations. ''Microsoft has given their
         database away, but it hasn't helped--because their database isn't any
         good,'' says Oracle's Ellison.
         And then there's Java. Sun Microsystems' much hyped programming
         language offers the prospect of an alternative to Windows, since
         applications written in it can run on any operating system. So far,
         Microsoft has convinced hundreds of corporate customers that they can
         save money by running even their biggest jobs on NT. But many
         companies still have millions invested in mainframes, and moving
         everything to Windows could take years. Java offers an alternative. This
         software--used to write other programs--runs on a variety of computer
         architectures. That helps it to act as a digital glue for creating programs
         that allow companies to use existing software, such as mainframe
         programs, while still tapping into new Internet businesses.
         Early this year, Java will get better yet. Improved security and
         performance could make it more appealing to use on a slew of
         devices. ''Between Java cards and Java rings and Java phones and
         Java set-top boxes and Java everything else, we're going to destroy
         them on unit volume,'' predicts Sun CEO Scott G. McNealy. For all this,
         analysts don't see Java replacing Windows anytime soon. The 700,000
         software developers using Java pales next to the 4.5 million that
         Windows claims. Even John F. Andrews, chief information officer for
         transportation giant CSX Corp. and a huge Java fan, says: ''Java's a
         punch, but it's not a knockout.''
         That's because Microsoft is well protected. Many corporations have
         already standardized on Windows and its desktop applications. So
         now, they're interested in buying software from Microsoft that can help
         tie their computer systems together more simply and run their large
         databases, accounting systems, and manufacturing operations. ''The
         plan ultimately is to run everything on one platform. That's the carrot out
         there,'' says Dean Halley, an information-systems executive at Credit
         Suisse First Boston Corp.
         THE INTERNET
         When it comes to new markets, none is as vast and potentially lucrative
         as the Internet. Analysts predict that Net revenues from software and
         commerce will reach dizzying heights--as much as $100 billion by
         2000. And no single company is investing so much or so broadly--or
         holds as many of the pieces--as Microsoft. In the two years since it
         vowed to become a leader in cyberspace, Microsoft has been true to
         its word.
         The most visible proof is Internet Explorer. Since releasing the first
         version of IE a little more than two years ago, Microsoft has jetted from
         zero to 40% of the market. Moreover, if the software maker's plans to
         weave the browser into Windows 98 go unhampered by the Justice
         Dept., analysts expect IE to shoot past market leader Netscape to
         become No.1 this year.
         Microsoft's browser has one huge draw: It's free. Cash-rich Microsoft
         can afford such tactics, while scrappy rivals such as Netscape have to
         charge a few dollars. And that can make a difference. Internet service
         provider Concentric Network Corp., for example, switched from
         Netscape's browser to IE over price. ''We're operating on slim margins,
         so it matters,'' says Vice-President James Isaacs.
         That has sent Netscape looking for more lucrative server business. ''If I
         had to depend on the browser for profits, I'd be flat-ass broke,'' says
         Netscape CEO James L. Barksdale. In the face of a loss for the
         quarter, Netscape may be forced to match Microsoft's giveaway
         strategy.
         Internet Explorer is just the tip of the iceberg. Across the board,
         Microsoft is making the Net its No.1 priority. ''It's hard to think of much
         that we're doing that isn't influenced by the Internet,'' says Gates. ''All of
         our software is very tied up in helping people use the Internet in a better
         way.''
         That includes deep-pocketed corporate customers. As they refashion
         their businesses around the Internet, Microsoft is out to make sure that
         Windows NT will be the software of choice. In the past few months,
         Microsoft has updated all of its corporate software to boost the latest
         Internet features. BackOffice, for example, now includes Commerce
         Server, specialized software that companies such as Barnes & Noble
         Inc. and Dell Computer Corp. use to run their online sales operations.
         As it does in the browser market, Microsoft gives away much of its
         basic Internet server software. It packages Internet programs, such as
         Site Server for managing Web sites, with BackOffice at no additional
         cost. And each copy of NT includes Internet Information Server, a basic
         Web-server program. That has helped catapult Microsoft's share of
         Web and corporate intranet servers to 55%, with all rival Unix makers
         combined at No.2, with a 36% share.
         The Net initiatives that draw the most attention, though, are Microsoft's
         attempts at building new Web-style businesses. It has set up 16 Web
         sites for everything from online investing to travel reservations to home
         buying.
         Some of these Web sites are already leaders in their categories.
         Microsoft's Expedia is in a dead heat with Preview Travel and
         Travelocity for the top spot in online travel, with more than $2 million in
         bookings a week. CarPoint has quickly become a popular spot for car
         buyers. This year, CarPoint is expected to begin offering insurance and
         financing services that will make it a one-stop shop for auto needs.
         Forrester Research Inc. predicts that CarPoint will rack up sales of $10
         million a month within a couple of years. MSNBC, Microsoft's news
         venture with NBC, ranks third--after Softbank's news site ZDNet, and
         Walt Disney's site--in the most recent PC Meter Survey of Web-site
         viewership in the news, information, and entertainment category.
         Microsoft plans to launch a couple of new sites this year. One,
         code-named Boardwalk, will let home buyers shop for real estate and
         mortgages. The other is an online bill-paying service that will be
         operated as a joint venture with First Data Corp. ''There will be three or
         four major networks on the Internet, and we expect to be one of them,''
         says Jeff Sanderson, general manager for Microsoft Network, the
         software giant's online service. By some measures, Microsoft is
         already there. PC Meter rates Microsoft's 16 Web sites combined as
         No.4 in its monthly survey--behind only America Online, Yahoo!, and
         Netscape.
         LOCAL UPRISING. The prospect of Microsoft entering everything from
         travel to car sales has put competitors on alert. Indeed, even a rumor of
         Microsoft's imminent arrival can jolt formerly complacent industries into
         action. Take newspaper publishers. Last year, when Microsoft
         announced it would launch Sidewalk, a series of Web sites offering
         local-entertainment listings, newspaper publishers geared up to protect
         their $24 billion in annual local advertising. Some 136 newspapers
         signed up with Zip2 Corp., a Mountain View (Calif.) supplier of online
         publishing technology that helps publishers create electronic versions
         of their newspapers. ''Microsoft tries to scare people into giving up, but
         it's just not working,'' says Zip2 CEO Rich Sorkin, who claims that his
         combined newspaper sites are racking up 8 million viewers a
         month--nearly triple the traffic Microsoft's 10 Sidewalk sites are
         drawing.
         So are critics' fears founded? Gates claims Microsoft has no grand
         plan to control the Net. What's more, not all of his Web ventures have
         been hits. Microsoft Network, the company's online service, has failed
         to live up to its early hype.
         LONG-TERM VIEW. While some of these new business are starting to
         pay off, Microsoft views the estimated $250 million a year it spends on
         Web sites as an investment in the future. ''Anybody involved in this is
         projecting out 5 to 10 years and asking what can they start to build now
         that can become more valuable as the Internet becomes more
         mainstream,'' says Gates.
         For that reason, Microsoft's biggest Web opportunity may lie in doing
         what it does best--creating software for others to use and build upon. It
         has begun selling its online travel software to airlines, including
         Northwest Airlines Corp. and Continental Airlines Inc. And American
         Express Co. is selling travel services to corporations based on
         Microsoft software called Microsoft Travel Technologies. ''They paid us
         quite a bit for that,'' says Gates. The potential looks huge: American
         Express Interactive is being rolled out in 20 large corporations,
         including Monsanto and Chrysler. An additional 180 companies will be
         using it by the end of 1998. All told, these companies represent more
         than $5 billion in yearly travel purchases, according to Microsoft's
         Richard Barton, general manager of Expedia.
         Still, it is unlikely that Microsoft will dominate the Web the way it has PC
         software. For one, it must compete against the giants in their fields, be
         they bankers, stock brokerages, real estate empires, auto makers, or
         travel agents. And the Web is still a work in progress, with new sites
         and opportunities popping up every day. Even with Windows as a
         starting point for most computer users, ''everything else is just a click
         away,'' says Bill Bass, a new-media analyst for Forrester Research.
         For his part, Gates doesn't show any willingness to let up to placate his
         critics or government investigators. And there's no sign in Redmond of
         complacency. In fact, Gates sees threats all around--even from
         operating systems that few people have ever heard of and Web sites
         that haven't been created yet. The key for Microsoft, he says, is
         satisfying customers, innovating, and keeping prices low. ''If we don't
         do all of these things,'' says its 43-year-old chairman, ''Microsoft will be
         replaced.''
         It's that sort of paranoia that has enabled Mircosoft to survive and thrive.
         It's possible, of course, that competitors will blunt his new attack in at
         least some areas. But unless the government succeeds in a full-scale
         antitrust assault, Bill Gates and Microsoft are destined to become a still
         more potent force in the world's most important industry.
         By Steve Hamm in Redmond, Wash., with Amy Cortese in New York
         and Susan B. Garland in Washington, D.C.

@_date: 1998-01-10 07:57:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Microsoft's Future 
MICROSOFT'S
                          FUTURE
          A band of powerful foes is determined to slow
            the Gates juggernaut, but Microsoft's reach
           already extends further than you may think          In December, Samuel Goodhope stood hunched over an Austin
         conference-room table eyeing a dismembered personal computer. As
         a special assistant in the Texas Attorney General's office and point
         man in its antitrust investigation into Microsoft Corp., he needed a keen
         understanding of a PC's innards. So a technician painstakingly
         explained how each of the components is supplied by a different
         company, but they must all work with the critical Windows operating
         system made by a single corporation, Microsoft. That's when it hit him:
         Microsoft owns a key monopoly in the Digital Age, and the software
         maker is a lot like the Borg. These fictional Star Trek characters--part
         flesh, part machine--prowl the universe conquering other races.
         ''Resistance is futile,'' says Goodhope in a mechanical, Borg-like voice.
         ''You will be assimilated.''
         Microsoft and its hypercompetitive chairman, William H. Gates III, are
         no science-fiction fantasy. And the Texas Attorney General's office fully
         intends to resist. Indeed, Goodhope predicts that two dozen states will
         soon join his effort--amassing some 100 attorneys for a Big
         Tobacco-style courtroom battle that he says could reshape the
         computing landscape. ''We're talking about what the high-tech world is
         going to look like in five years,'' says Goodhope. ''Will the Information
         Superhighway become the Bill Gates toll road?''
         Microphobia, a national pastime in recent years, is reaching a new
         frenzy. Since October, the most influential company in the $700 billion
         U.S. computer industry has been under siege from all quarters. Texas
         and eight other states have launched investigations into whether the
         software giant is using anticompetitive tactics. Consumer advocate
         Ralph Nader is calling for a breakup of the company. The European
         Commission is mulling a probe of its own. And Microsoft is embroiled
         in a knock-down, drag-out fight with the Justice Dept. over whether it is
         violating a 1995 consent decree by requiring PC makers to ship its
         Internet browser with Windows 95. ''This kind of product-forcing is an
         abuse of monopoly power--and we will seek to put an end to it,'' vows
         Joel I. Klein, Assistant Attorney General for the Antitrust Div.
         For his part, Gates denies violating any laws and says the earlier
         consent decree with Justice allows Microsoft to enhance Windows.
         Browsing, he says, is a natural addition to an operating system. ''What
         we're doing is quite straightforward and quite pro-customer,'' Gates
         says. ''In no way are we eliminating choice.'' He also bristles at the
         notion that Microsoft wants to turn the Internet into its personal toll road.
         ''We'll get our revenue from selling great software.''
         Microsoft's dispute with the Justice Dept. is no mere joust over the
         mechanics of linking a Web browser to the ubiquitous Windows 95.
         The passions aroused in the government and industry alike reflect the
         realization that this is a bruising fight over which companies will
         dominate the Internet and move into new markets from there. The prize
         is huge. The Net not only opens the possibility of a vast new
         marketplace for everything from banking to buying cars, but it is also
         the electronic gateway into homes and--perhaps more important--into
         corporations. Owning the browser and Internet server software could
         well become as key to the new age of Net computing as Windows is to
         PCs.
         If Gates extends his PC hegemony to these new realms, the little
         software company he co-founded in 1975 could come to dominate the
         nexus of computing and communications well into the 21st century.
         ''The question is, are we looking forward to the Information Age, or will it
         be the Microsoft Age?'' asks Lawrence J. Ellison, chairman of
         database maker Oracle Corp. ''It's kind of like Microsoft vs.
         mankind--and mankind is the underdog.''
         A BROADER CASE? Hyperbole aside, Microsoft wants to move into
         every business where software matters--from the chilled rooms of
         mainframe computing to the household appliances that are being
         computerized. Gates wants to expand into the corporate-enterprise
         market--from databases to E-mail. And he wants to play in consumer
         electronics--from TV set-top boxes to car navigation systems.
         Rivals and critics hope the Justice Dept. can slow down Microsoft's
         pace. The current dispute, which centers on Windows 95, is likely to
         have little effect on Microsoft. But if Justic broadens its suit to cover the
         upcoming Windows 98--something it has hinted it might do--or attacks
         Windows NT as well, Microsoft would suffer a devastating blow.
         ''Unless we're allowed to enhance Windows, I don't know how to do my
         job,'' says Gates. It would also set an ominous precedent that cuts to
         the heart of the software maker's strategy of melding Internet
         capabilities into all of its products--from PC software to new
         consumer-electronics offerings to corporate enterprise programs.
         It could get worse for Gates. No matter how the current dispute is
         resolved, Klein and his team could bring a broader antitrust case.
         Caswell O. Hobbs, a Washington (D.C.) antitrust attorney with Morgan,
         Lewis & Bockius, says the current consent violation case is just ''an
         opening salvo. I'm sure it's not the last of the proceedings.''
         In its thinking on Microsoft, Justice is relying on a novel theory in
         antitrust law. It's not only about monopoly pricing power, as in the days
         of the Robber Barons. Information technology, after all, is an industry in
         which prices fall. Rather, Justice is concerned that Microsoft's
         operating system is so dominant that it is the de facto standard, the
         very springboard for all sorts of new applications software. By
         controlling the standard, Justice fears, Microsoft stifles innovation. That
         means competing technologies, even if they're better, stand little
         chance, making it tough for startups to bring whizzy new inventions to
         market. ''They're hell-bent on dominating the entire information
         infrastructure of the world,'' says attorney Gary Reback, who represents
         rival Netscape Communications Corp., ''and it scares the daylights out
         of me.''
         Such talk rankles Gates. He says his rivals should spend less time
         obsessing about Microsoft and more time on their own businesses.
         What's more, he argues, there's no assurance Microsoft will succeed in
         any new markets, much less dominate them. The emergence of
         Netscape's popular Navigator browser and Sun Microsystems Inc.'s
         Java programming language--threats to Windows, as he sees it--shows
         that the industry is highly competitive. ''No one has a guaranteed
         position,'' says Gates.
         Point taken. But if ever there was a company that has the best seat in
         the house, it's Microsoft. It practically owns the PC software market. Its
         Windows operating system claims some 86% of that segment, and its
         Office suite of productivity programs, including a spreadsheet and word
         processor, has an 87% lock. Game won--and the victor has emerged
         enormously wealthy. Microsoft is expected to reel in more than $4
         billion in profits this fiscal year, which ends in June, on $14 billion in
         revenues, up 23% over a year ago. It looks even richer when compared
         with the rest of the software industry: In calendar year 1996, its $8.7
         billion in revenues accounted for 10% of all sales for the 613 publicly
         traded software and information-services companies, says Standard &
         Poor's Compustat. More significantly, its $3.1 billion in operating profits
         was a remarkable 30% of all such profits.
         With the company's pockets lined with riches from Windows and
         related software, it can spend a staggering $2.5 billion a year on
         new-product development--more than the annual profits of the next 10
         largest software companies combined. And what it can't develop fast
         enough, the company can buy. In the past two years, Microsoft has
         invested in or acquired 37 companies. On Dec. 31, it added Hotmail,
         an Internet E-mail startup founded by Sabeer Bhatia and Jack Smith,
         for an estimated $350 million in stock (page 37). It has snapped up
         technologies for surfing the Web via TV, for viewing video over the Net,
         for authoring Web pages, and for computers to understand voice
         commands. And still its cash hoard keeps climbing--from $6.9 billion in
         mid-1996 to $10 billion today.
         That has helped Microsoft extend its reach to brand-new terrain. In the
         past year, Microsoft has gotten a jump in online travel services, car
         sales, investment advice, and gaming. And Gates isn't shy about his
         ambitions. ''We will not stop enhancing Windows,'' he says. ''We will not
         succumb to the rhetoric of our competitors. We won't stop listening to
         customers and being aggressive about meeting their needs.''
         Indeed, 1998 may be the year Gates makes his biggest push yet
         beyond the PC. Starting this month, planned new products will move
         Windows into car dashboards, cell phones, point-of-sale devices, and
         on up the food chain into powerful server computers that can do the job
         of a mainframe. In short, the world ain't seen nothin' yet. Here's where
         Microsoft is headed.
         CONSUMER ELECTRONICS
         On Jan. 10, the next chapter unfolds. That's when Gates will head to the
         Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas to demonstrate new
         $300-to-$500 palm-size devices that use a pint-size version of
         Windows called CE, for consumer electronics. These gizmos go a long
         way toward fulfilling Gates's dream of a ''wallet PC''--a tiny device for
         keeping phone numbers, schedules, and zapping E-mail, all of which
         can be synchronized with Windows PCs. A half-dozen manufacturers
         are ready to ship the new palmtops, including Philips Electronics and
         Samsung Co.
         The real buzz at the electronics show could come from the debut of
         Microsoft's ''Auto PC'' operating system. This version of Windows CE
         is built into a car's sound system. It can handle cell-phone calls, fetch
         E-mail, and dispense travel information--much like a ''Java car''
         unveiled by rivals Sun, Netscape, and IBM in November. Nissan Motor
         Co. will be the first to show Auto PC in an Infinity I-30 concept car. So
         far only a handful of carmakers, including Volkswagen and Hyundai,
         have signed up. Microsoft is betting that aftermarket car-component
         companies will make Auto PC a hit. ''Windows CE gives us an
         opportunity to sell more software to more people,'' says Kathryn Hinsch,
         senior director of marketing for Windows CE. ''This could be the next
         billion-dollar business for Microsoft.''
         Windows CE is a classic example of how Microsoft stubbornly pushes
         its way into new fields, even if it takes years. CE is the software giant's
         third attempt to crack the handheld market--after its At Work and
         Winpad operating systems that never caught on. Microsoft didn't give
         up. Over the past seven years, it has continued to invest several
         hundred million dollars to improve the basic software. CE was launched
         in fall, 1996, and nine months later claimed 20% of the handheld
         market, according to market researcher Dataquest Inc.
         Today, CE is licensed by more than a dozen handheld manufacturers,
         and it's finding its way into all manner of machines. Atlanta-based
         Radiant Systems Inc., for example, plans to sell Windows CE
         point-of-sale devices to fast-food restaurants this winter. Customers
         press buttons on a screen to select the food and drinks they want--and
         orders are instantly whisked to the kitchen. Such devices could help
         boost Windows CE to 60% of the U.S. handheld market this year, says
         International Data Corp.
         What happens when even the try, try again approach fails? Consider
         Microsoft's attempts to corral the TV set-top box market--the fulcrum for
         software, entertainment, and Net cruising. In 1994, it debuted a scheme
         for digital set-top boxes, but it fizzled along with the market for
         interactive TVs.
         So Microsoft tried a different method: acquiring the leading business.
         Last winter, Microsoft spent $425 million to buy Silicon Valley startup
         WebTV, which had pioneering technology for surfing the Net via TV.
         Since then, Microsoft has improved WebTV with a faster setup and,
         during the holiday shopping season, an added carrot--a $100 rebate to
         anyone who bought a $279 WebTV device and signed up for six
         months of the $19.95-a-month service. The result: WebTV has racked
         up 250,000 subscribers, up from 50,000 a year ago, say WebTV
         executives.
         Still, the world of TV is proving tricky for Microsoft. Last spring, the
         software maker once again began stumping to sell its designs to the
         nation's cable-TV operators for their next-generation interactive
         systems. The pitch: Microsoft would provide software for set-top boxes,
         networks, and servers that pump info across the cable network. When
         Microsoft paid $1 billion in June for a piece of cable operator Comcast,
         it looked as though it might buy its way into becoming a top supplier of
         software for interactive-cable systems. But no such luck--at least, not
         yet. In October, the cable industry announced it would require all
         suppliers to comply with a set of industry-standard specifications--not
         necessarily those of Microsoft.
         Gates regrouped. Microsoft revised its pitch to cable
         operators--agreeing to comply with the specs and to sell pieces of its
         software a la carte. It's unclear how Microsoft will fare, but one thing is
         certain: Cable execs have seen how successful Microsoft is in PCs and
         are determined not to let it control a key piece of cable-network
         technology. ''We don't want to be Bill Gates's download,'' says
         Tele-Communications Inc. President Leo J. Hinderly Jr. Still, rumors are
         swirling that TCI is about to accept financing from Microsoft--which
         could turn it into an ally overnight.
         CORPORATE COMPUTING
         Microsoft's high-stakes bid for the $30 billion corporate market has
         never looked so good. Four years ago, it was nearly a no-show in
         so-called ''enterprise'' software, which spans databases to E-mail to
         powerful servers. After a dogged three years and $1 billion spent
         beefing up its industrial-strength Windows NT, Microsoft is gaining
         ground. Today, NT accounts for nearly 40% of server operating
         systems, up from 24.5% a year ago, says IDC.
         That share could take off even more when Microsoft ships its fifth and
         most powerful version of NT late this year. With some 27 million lines of
         code, it is the most ambitious program Microsoft has ever tackled--and
         it could prove to be its trump card. NT 5.0 is designed to handle the
         largest computing tasks, giving Microsoft a sorely needed piece to
         push beyond midsize networks and small server jobs. Says James E.
         Allchin, Microsoft senior vice-president of Personal & Business
         Systems: ''Microsoft is betting the company on this.''

@_date: 1998-01-10 11:40:30
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Spies like US 
A European Commission report warns that the United States has
   developed an extensive network spying on European citizens and we
   should all be worried. Simon Davies reports
   [INLINE] Cooking up a charter for snooping
                              Spies everywhere
   A GLOBAL electronic spy network that can eavesdrop on every telephone,
   email and telex communication around the world will be officially
   acknowledged for the first time in a European Commission report to be
   delivered this week.
   The report - Assessing the Technologies of Political Control - was
   commissioned last year by the Civil Liberties Committee of the
   European Parliament. It contains details of a network of
   American-controlled intelligence stations on British soil and around
   the world, that "routinely and indiscriminately" monitor countless
   phone, fax and email messages.
   It states: "Within Europe all email telephone and fax communications
   are routinely intercepted by the United States National Security
   Agency transfering all target information from the European mainland
   via the strategic hub of London then by satellite to Fort Meade in
   Maryland via the crucial hub at Menwith Hill in the North York moors
   in the UK."
   The report confirms for the first time the existence of the secretive
   ECHELON system.
   Until now, evidence of such astounding technology has been patchy and
   anecdotal. But the report - to be discussed on Thursday by the
   committee of the office of Science and Technology Assessment in
   Luxembourg - confirms that the citizens of Britain and other European
   states are subject to an intensity of surveillance far in excess of
   that imagined by most parliaments. Its findings are certain to excite
   the concern of MEPs.
   "The ECHELON system forms part of the UKUSA system (see 'Cooking up a
   charter for snooping') but unlike many of the electronic spy systems
   developed during the Cold War, ECHELON is designed primarily for
   non-military targets: governments, organizations and businesses in
   virtually every country.
   "The ECHELON system works by indiscriminately intercepting very large
   quantities of communications and then siphoning out what is valuable
   using artificial intelligence aids like MEMEX to find key words".
   According to the report, ECHELON uses a number of national
   dictionaries containing key words of interest to each country.
   For more than a decade, former agents of US, British, Canadian and New
   Zealand national security agencies have claimed that the monitoring of
   electronic communications has become endemic throughout the world.
   Rumours have circulated that new technologies have been developed
   which have the capability to search most of the world's telex, fax and
   email networks for "key words". Phone calls, they claim, can be
   automatically analysed for key words.
   Former signals intelligence operatives have claimed that spy bases
   controlled by America have the ability to search nearly all data
   communications for key words. They claim that ECHELON automatically
   analyses most email messaging for "precursor" data which assists
   intelligence agencies to determine targets. According to former
   Canadian Security Establishment agent Mike Frost, a voice recognition
   system called Oratory has been used for some years to intercept
   diplomatic calls.
   The driving force behind the report is Glyn Ford, Labour MEP for
   Greater Manchester East. He believes that the report is crucial to the
   future of civil liberties in Europe.
   "In the civil liberties committee we spend a great deal of time
   debating issues such as free movement, immigration and drugs.
   Technology always sits at the centre of these discussions. There are
   times in history when technology helps democratise, and times when it
   helps centralise. This is a time of centralisation. The justice and
   home affairs pillar of Europe has become more powerful without a
   corresponding strengthening of civil liberties."
   The report recommends a variety of measures for dealing with the
   increasing power of the technologies of surveillance being used at
   Menwith Hill and other centres. It bluntly advises: "The European
   Parliament should reject proposals from the United States for making
   private messages via the global communications network (Internet)
   accessible to US intelligence agencies."
   The report also urges a fundamental review of the involvement of the
   American NSA (National Security Agency) in Europe, suggesting that
   their activities be either scaled down, or become more open and
   accountable.
   Such concerns have been privately expressed by governments and MEPs
   since the Cold War, but surveillance has continued to expand. US
   intelligence activity in Britain has enjoyed a steady growth
   throughout the past two decades. The principal motivation for this
   rush of development is the US interest in commercial espionage. In the
   Fifties, during the development of the "special relationship" between
   America and Britain, one US institution was singled out for special
   attention.
   The NSA, the world's biggest and most powerful signals intelligence
   organisation, received approval to set up a network of spy stations
   throughout Britain. Their role was to provide military, diplomatic and
   economic intelligence by intercepting communications from throughout
   the Northern Hemisphere.
   The NSA is one of the shadowiest of the US intelligence agencies.
   Until a few years ago, it existence was a secret and its charter and
   any mention of its duties are still classified. However, it does have
   a Web site ( in which it describes itself as being
   responsible for the signals intelligence and communications security
   activities of the US government.
   One of its bases, Menwith Hill, was to become the biggest spy station
   in the world. Its ears - known as radomes - are capable of listening
   in to vast chunks of the communications spectrum throughout Europe and
   the old Soviet Union.
   In its first decade the base sucked data from cables and microwave
   links running through a nearby Post Office tower, but the
   communications revolutions of the Seventies and Eighties gave the base
   a capability that even its architects could scarcely have been able to
   imagine. With the creation of Intelsat and digital telecommunications,
   Menwith and other stations developed the capability to eavesdrop on an
   extensive scale on fax, telex and voice messages. Then, with the
   development of the Internet, electronic mail and electronic commerce,
   the listening posts were able to increase their monitoring capability
   to eavesdrop on an unprecedented spectrum of personal and business
   communications.
   This activity has been all but ignored by the UK Parliament. When
   Labour MPs raised questions about the activities of the NSA, the
   Government invoked secrecy rules. It has been the same for 40 years.
   Glyn Ford hopes that his report may be the first step in a long road
   to more openness. "Some democratically elected body should surely have
   a right to know at some level. At the moment that's nowhere".
     See also in this week's issue: Pretty good Phil bounces back (a
   report on the consolidation of the reputation of Phil Zimmermann,
   creator of PGP).
   14 October 1997: Europe's private parts to expand

@_date: 1998-01-12 03:27:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Congratulations! 
Wow! The cypherpunks are a fucking business? Am I a stock holder?
Is this line supposed to convince us that this was a targeted e-mail and *not*
spam!   Normally I just trash this stuff, but I really got a kick out of
that.  I hope we can get to top 100 by the fall '98

@_date: 1998-01-13 11:38:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Tales of the Crypto 
Tales of the Crypto
               U.S. government works to replace Data
               Encryption Standard
               By Jim Kerstetter, PC Week Online                01.12.98 10:00 am ET                The days of DES, which for the
               past 20 years has been the
               foundation for government and
               commercial cryptography around
               the world, are numbered.
               The U.S. government has
               embarked on an expansive
               project to replace the Data
               Encryption Standard. By the end
               of this year, a panel of
               cryptographers, headed by the
               National Institute of Standards
               and Technology, is expected to
               pick a new cryptographic
               algorithm to replace DES as the
               government's standard.
               The changeover to the new
               algorithm, to be called the
               Advanced Encryption Standard,
               won't happen overnight. In fact,
               the selection process could end
               up taking years. But whatever
               AES ultimately becomes, one
               thing is clear: The new standard
               will force major change for both
               the IT and developer
               communities.
               Anyone selling the government software that uses
               encryption for security will have to support the AES
               algorithm, which could become the standard for
               decades to come. Corporations conducting secure
               transactions with the government over the Internet will
               also have to rely on software that supports AES. And,
               in several years, AES could replace DES for private-key
               encryption in most commercial security algorithms.
               "Right now, I'm using PGP [Pretty Good Privacy] for
               some things. But the bulk of what we use here is with
               DES," said Paul O'Donnell, security manager at an
               Illinois manufacturer. "Should I be paying attention to
               what they [NIST] are doing? I suppose so."
               It's a change many say is overdue. DES was developed
               by IBM and the government in the 1970s. It was
               intended to last five to 10 years, said Dennis Branstad,
               an early DES developer for NIST's forerunner, the
               Institute of Computer Sciences and Technology.
               "It was a good algorithm. It turned out to be better
               than we thought," said Branstad, now director of
               cryptographic technologies at Trusted Information
               Systems Inc., in Glenwood, Md. "But it took longer to
               be accepted than we thought it would. There was no
               demand for it."
               DES is a symmetric, or private, key algorithm in which
               both the sender and receiver of a message must have a
               copy of the private key. It also can be used to encrypt
               data on a hard disk. It is found in an array of security
               protocols in the corporate world, ranging from secure
               E-mail software to virtual private network technology.
               DES' 56-bit private keys were unhackable until last
               year, when a nationwide network of computer users
               broke a DES key in 140 days--hardly an easy effort,
               but a harbinger of things to come as processing speed
               increases. Some experts now argue that it could take
               less than a week to break DES, with less than
               $100,000 worth of hardware. According to John Callas,
               chief technology officer of the Total Network Security
               Division of Network Associates Inc., a good hacker,
               with about $50,000 worth of specialty hardware, could
               crack a DES key in an hour.
               "Anybody who can afford a BMW can afford a DES
               cracker," said Callas, whose hypothesis will be tested
               in DES Challenge II this week at the RSA Data
               Security Conference, in San Francisco.
               Since most experts agree it's time to replace DES, the
               question becomes, Just what will AES be?
               Last summer, NIST released a 30-page document
               outlining its recommendations for a DES replacement
               and asking for submissions. There are three minimum
               technical criteria:
                    The algorithm must be symmetric, or private, key.
                    Public algorithms, such as elliptic curve (see
                    related story) and Diffie-Hellman, though useful
                    for authentication and the initial handshake
                    between users, are considered too slow.
                    The algorithm must be a "block cipher." Within
                    the realm of symmetric keys there are two basic
                    types of ciphers, block and stream. A block
                    cipher, like DES, encrypts specific chunks of
                    data. A stream cipher, like RSA Data Security
                    Inc.'s RC4 algorithm, encrypts a steady flow of
                    information. RC4 is the base encryption engine
                    for Secure Sockets Layer, the security technology
                    used in browsers. Some cryptographers are
                    pushing NIST to consider stream ciphers because
                    of their growing popularity.
                    The algorithm has to be capable of supporting key
                    lengths ranging from 128 bits to 256 bits and
                    variable blocks of data.
               AES must also be efficient. Triple DES, a later version
               of the government's algorithm also developed by IBM,
               is far more secure than DES, running the 56-bit
               encryption three times. But that strength is also its
               weakness, because the repetition cycle slows it down
               considerably.
               Finally, the AES algorithm has to be made public and
               royalty-free. That could prove to be a sticking point for
               RSA, of Redwood City, Calif., which has traditionally
               held on to the royalties of its cryptographic creations.
               A conference at which cryptographers will present
               their algorithms is scheduled for this summer. And
               although NIST officials hope their analysis will be
               completed in 1998, many think it may take years to
               review the submittals, which are due by April 15.
               Major security vendors are noncommittal on proposing
               an algorithm. IBM, which created DES, with help from
               the National Security Agency, is hedging on whether it
               will participate. Triple DES is considered a likely entry,
               but its inefficiency could make it a difficult sell.
               Another IBM algorithm, DES/SK, could be in the
               running. RSA, if it decides to enter, could submit
               either its RC4 algorithm (the stream cipher) or RC5,
               which is a block cipher.
               Other likely competitors include Cast, a royalty-free
               algorithm controlled by Entrust Technologies Inc., or
               the unpatented Blowfish algorithm, created by Bruce
               Schneier.
               "It will be a standard for 20 to 30 years, in legacy
               systems for at least another 10, securing data that
               might need to be secured for at least another 20,"
               Schneier wrote in a letter to NIST. "This means we are
               trying to estimate security in the year 2060. I can't
               estimate security 10 years from now, let alone 60. The
               only wise option is to be very conservative."
                       A Data Encryption Standard primer
                     What is DES?
                     It was designed by IBM and endorsed by the U.S.
                     government in 1977.
                     What kind of encryption key does DES use?
                     A symmetric, or private, key in which both the sender
                     and the receiver know the key. It can also be used to
                     encrypt data on a hard disk.
                     What key length does DES use?
                     56 bits.
                     Is DES safe?
                     For most purposes, yes. But DES was hacked for the
                     first time last year, and cryptographers worry that
                     improved processing speeds will spell its demise.

@_date: 1998-01-13 12:38:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Crypto Jokes 
Just post the contents of  Those people
are just plain stupid.

@_date: 1998-01-13 14:03:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Description of the RC2(r) Encryption Algorithm 
Ron Rivest
                                   MIT Laboratory for Computer Science
                                           and RSA Data Security, Inc.
                                                         November 1997
Request for Comments:
Category: Informational                             A Description of the RC2(r) Encryption Algorithm
Status of this Memo
This memo provides information for the Internet community.  This memo
does not specify an Internet standard of any kind.  Distribution of
this memo is unlimited.
This document is an Internet-Draft. Internet-Drafts are working
documents of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), its areas,
and its working groups. Note that other groups may also distribute
working documents as Internet-Drafts.
Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
time. It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference material
or to cite them other than as "work in progress."
To learn the current status of any Internet-Draft, please check the
"1id-abstracts.txt" listing contained in the Internet-Drafts Shadow
Directories on ftp.is.co.za (Africa), nic.nordu.net (Europe),
munnari.oz.au (Pacific Rim), ds.internic.net (US East Coast), or
ftp.isi.edu (US West Coast).
1. Introduction
This draft is an RSA Laboratories Technical Note. It is meant for
informational use by the Internet community.
This memo describes a conventional (secret-key) block encryption
algorithm, called RC2, which may be considered as a proposal for a DES replacement. The input and output block sizes are 64 bits each. The key size is variable, from one byte up to 128 bytes, although the current implementation uses eight bytes.
The algorithm is designed to be easy to implement on 16-bit
microprocessors. On an IBM AT, the encryption runs about twice as fast
as DES (assuming that key expansion has been done).
1.1 Algorithm description
We use the term "word" to denote a 16-bit quantity. The symbol + will denote twos-complement addition. The symbol & will denote the bitwise "and" operation. The term XOR will denote the bitwise
"exclusive-or" operation. The symbol ~ will denote bitwise complement.  The symbol ^ will denote the exponentiation operation.  The term MOD will denote the modulo operation.
There are three separate algorithms involved:
  Key expansion. This takes a (variable-length) input key and
  produces an expanded key consisting of 64 words K[0],...,K[63].
  Encryption. This takes a 64-bit input quantity stored in words
  R[0], ..., R[3] and encrypts it "in place" (the result is left   in R[0], ..., R[3]).
  Decryption. The inverse operation to encryption.
2. Key expansion
Since we will be dealing with eight-bit byte operations as well
as 16-bit word operations, we will use two alternative notations
for referring to the key buffer:
     For word operations, we will refer to the positions of the
          buffer as K[0], ..., K[63]; each K[i] is a 16-bit word.
     For byte operations,  we will refer to the key buffer as
          L[0], ..., L[127]; each L[i] is an eight-bit byte.
These are alternative views of the same data buffer. At all times
it will be true that
              K[i] = L[2*i] + 256*L[2*i+1].
(Note that the low-order byte of each K word is given before the
high-order byte.)
We will assume that exactly T bytes of key are supplied, for some
T in the range 1 <= T <= 128. (Our current implementation uses T
= 8.) However, regardless of T, the algorithm has a maximum
effective key length in bits, denoted T1. That is, the search
space is 2^(8*T), or 2^T1, whichever is smaller.
The purpose of the key-expansion algorithm is to modify the key
buffer so that each bit of the expanded key depends in a
complicated way on every bit of the supplied input key.
The key expansion algorithm begins by placing the supplied T-byte
key into bytes L[0], ..., L[T-1] of the key buffer.
The key expansion algorithm then computes the effective key
length in bytes T8 and a mask TM based on the effective key
length in bits T1. It uses the following operations:
T8 = (T1+7)/8;
TM = 255 MOD 2^(8 + T1 - 8*T8);
Thus TM has its 8 - (8*T8 - T1) least significant bits set.
For example, with an effective key length of 64 bits, T1 = 64,
T8 = 8 and TM = 0xff.  With an effective key length of 63 bits,
T1 = 63, T8 = 8 and TM = 0x7f.
Here PITABLE[0], ..., PITABLE[255] is an array of "random" bytes
based on the digits of PI = 3.14159... . More precisely, the array PITABLE is a random permutation of the values 0, ..., 255. Here is the PITABLE in hexadecimal notation:
     0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  a  b  c  d  e  f
00: d9 78 f9 c4 19 dd b5 ed 28 e9 fd 79 4a a0 d8 9d
10: c6 7e 37 83 2b 76 53 8e 62 4c 64 88 44 8b fb a2
20: 17 9a 59 f5 87 b3 4f 13 61 45 6d 8d 09 81 7d 32
30: bd 8f 40 eb 86 b7 7b 0b f0 95 21 22 5c 6b 4e 82
40: 54 d6 65 93 ce 60 b2 1c 73 56 c0 14 a7 8c f1 dc
50: 12 75 ca 1f 3b be e4 d1 42 3d d4 30 a3 3c b6 26
60: 6f bf 0e da 46 69 07 57 27 f2 1d 9b bc 94 43 03
70: f8 11 c7 f6 90 ef 3e e7 06 c3 d5 2f c8 66 1e d7
80: 08 e8 ea de 80 52 ee f7 84 aa 72 ac 35 4d 6a 2a
90: 96 1a d2 71 5a 15 49 74 4b 9f d0 5e 04 18 a4 ec
a0: c2 e0 41 6e 0f 51 cb cc 24 91 af 50 a1 f4 70 39
b0: 99 7c 3a 85 23 b8 b4 7a fc 02 36 5b 25 55 97 31
c0: 2d 5d fa 98 e3 8a 92 ae 05 df 29 10 67 6c ba c9
d0: d3 00 e6 cf e1 9e a8 2c 63 16 01 3f 58 e2 89 a9
e0: 0d 38 34 1b ab 33 ff b0 bb 48 0c 5f b9 b1 cd 2e
f0: c5 f3 db 47 e5 a5 9c 77 0a a6 20 68 fe 7f c1 ad
The key expansion operation consists of the following two loops
and intermediate step:
for i = T, T+1, ..., 127 do
  L[i] = PITABLE[L[i-1] + L[i-T]];
L[128-T8] = PITABLE[L[128-T8] & TM];
for i = 127-T8, ..., 0 do
  L[i] = PITABLE[L[i+1] XOR L[i+T8]];
(In the first loop, the addition of L[i-1] and L[i-T] is
performed modulo 256.)
The "effective key" consists of the values L[128-T8],..., L[127].
The intermediate step's bitwise "and" operation reduces the
search space for L[128-T8] so that the effective number of key
bits is T1. The expanded key depends only on the effective key
bits, regardless of the supplied key K. Since the expanded key is
not itself modified during encryption or decryption, as a
pragmatic matter one can expand the key just once when encrypting
or decrypting a large block of data.
3. Encryption algorithm
The encryption operation is defined in terms of primitive "mix"
and "mash" operations.
Here the expression "x rol k" denotes the 16-bit word x rotated
left by k bits, with the bits shifted out the top end entering
the bottom end.
3.1 Mix up R[i]
The primitive "Mix up R[i]" operation is defined as follows,
where s[0] is 1, s[1] is 2, s[2] is 3, and s[3] is 5, and where
the indices of the array R are always to be considered "modulo
4," so that R[i-1] refers to R[3] if i is 0 (these values are
"wrapped around" so that R always has a subscript in the range 0
to 3 inclusive):
R[i] = R[i] + K[j] + (R[i-1] & R[i-2]) + ((~R[i-1]) & R[i-3]);
j = j + 1;
R[i] = R[i] rol s[i];
In words: The next key word K[j] is added to R[i], and j is
advanced. Then R[i-1] is used to create a "composite" word which
is added to R[i]. The composite word is identical with R[i-2] in
those positions where R[i-1] is one, and identical to R[i-3] in
those positions where R[i-1] is zero. Then R[i] is rotated left
by s[i] bits (bits rotated out the left end of R[i] are brought
back in at the right). Here j is a "global" variable so that K[j]
is always the first key word in the expanded key which has not
yet been used in a "mix" operation.
3.2 Mixing round
A "mixing round" consists of the following operations:
Mix up R[0]
Mix up R[1]
Mix up R[2]
Mix up R[3]
3.3 Mash R[i]
The primitive "Mash R[i]" operation is defined as follows (using
the previous conventions regarding subscripts for R):
R[i] = R[i] + K[R[i-1] & 63];
In words: R[i] is "mashed" by adding to it one of the words of
the expanded key. The key word to be used is determined by
looking at the low-order six bits of R[i-1], and using that as an
index into the key array K.
3.4 Mashing round
A "mashing round" consists of:
Mash R[0]
Mash R[1]
Mash R[2]
Mash R[3]
3.5 Encryption operation
The entire encryption operation can now be described as follows. Here j is a global integer variable which is affected by the
mixing operations.
     1. Initialize words R[0], ..., R[3] to contain the         64-bit input value.
     2. Expand the key, so that words K[0], ..., K[63] become
        defined.
     3. Initialize j to zero.
     4. Perform five mixing rounds.
     5. Perform one mashing round.
     6. Perform six mixing rounds.
     7. Perform one mashing round.
     8. Perform five mixing rounds.
Note that each mixing round uses four key words, and that there
are 16 mixing rounds altogether, so that each key word is used
exactly once in a mixing round. The mashing rounds will refer to
up to eight of the key words in a data-dependent manner. (There
may be repetitions, and the actual set of words referred to will
vary from encryption to encryption.)
4. Decryption algorithm
The decryption operation is defined in terms of primitive operations that undo the "mix" and "mash" operations of the encryption algorithm. They are named "r-mix" and "r-mash" (r- denotes the reverse operation).
Here the expression "x ror k" denotes the 16-bit word x rotated
right by k bits, with the bits shifted out the bottom end entering the top end.
4.1 R-Mix up R[i]
The primitive "R-Mix up R[i]" operation is defined as follows,
where s[0] is 1, s[1] is 2, s[2] is 3, and s[3] is 5, and where
the indices of the array R are always to be considered "modulo
4," so that R[i-1] refers to R[3] if i is 0 (these values are
"wrapped around" so that R always has a subscript in the range 0
to 3 inclusive):
R[i] = R[i] ror s[i];
R[i] = R[i] - K[j] - (R[i-1] & R[i-2]) - ((~R[i-1]) & R[i-3]);
j = j - 1;
In words: R[i] is rotated right
by s[i] bits (bits rotated out the right end of R[i] are brought
back in at the left). Here j is a "global" variable so that K[j]
is always the key word with greatest index in the expanded key which has not yet been used in a "r-mix" operation. The key word K[j] is subtracted from R[i], and j is decremented. R[i-1] is used to create a "composite" word which is subtracted from R[i]. The composite word is identical with R[i-2] in those positions where R[i-1] is one, and identical to R[i-3] in those positions where R[i-1] is zero. 4.2 R-Mixing round
An "r-mixing round" consists of the following operations:
R-Mix up R[3]
R-Mix up R[2]
R-Mix up R[1]
R-Mix up R[0]
4.3 R-Mash R[i]
The primitive "R-Mash R[i]" operation is defined as follows (using the previous conventions regarding subscripts for R):
R[i] = R[i] - K[R[i-1] & 63];
In words: R[i] is "r-mashed" by subtracting from it one of the words of the expanded key. The key word to be used is determined by looking at the low-order six bits of R[i-1], and using that as
an index into the key array K.
4.4 R-Mashing round
An "r-mashing round" consists of:
R-Mash R[3]
R-Mash R[2]
R-Mash R[1]
R-Mash R[0]
4.5 Decryption operation
The entire decryption operation can now be described as follows.
Here j is a global integer variable which is affected by the
mixing operations.
     1. Initialize words R[0], ..., R[3] to contain the 64-bit         ciphertext value.
     2. Expand the key, so that words K[0], ..., K[63] become
        defined.
     3. Initialize j to 63.
     4. Perform five r-mixing rounds.
     5. Perform one r-mashing round.
     6. Perform six r-mixing rounds.
     7. Perform one r-mashing round.
     8. Perform five r-mixing rounds.
5. Test vectors
Test vectors for encryption with RC2 are provided below. All quantities are given in hexadecimal notation.
Key length (bytes) = 8
Effective key length (bits) = 63
Key = 00000000 00000000
Plaintext = 00000000 00000000
Ciphertext = ebb773f9 93278eff
Key length (bytes) = 8
Effective key length (bits) = 64
Key = ffffffff ffffffff
Plaintext = ffffffff ffffffff
Ciphertext = 278b27e4 2e2f0d49
Key length (bytes) = 8
Effective key length (bits) = 64
Key = 30000000 00000000
Plaintext = 10000000 00000001
Ciphertext = 30649edf 9be7d2c2
Key length (bytes) = 1
Effective key length (bits) = 64
Key = 88
Plaintext = 00000000 00000000
Ciphertext = 61a8a244 adacccf0
Key length (bytes) = 7
Effective key length (bits) = 64
Key = 88bca90e 90875a
Plaintext = 00000000 00000000
Ciphertext = 6ccf4308 974c267f
Key length (bytes) = 16
Effective key length (bits) = 64
Key = 88bca90e 90875a7f 0f79c384 627bafb2
Plaintext = 00000000 00000000
Ciphertext = 1a807d27 2bbe5db1
Key length (bytes) = 16
Effective key length (bits) = 128
Key = 88bca90e 90875a7f 0f79c384 627bafb2
Plaintext = 00000000 00000000
Ciphertext = 2269552a b0f85ca6
Key length (bytes) = 33
Effective key length (bits) = 129
Key = 88bca90e 90875a7f 0f79c384 627bafb2 16f80a6f 85920584       c42fceb0 be255daf 1e
Plaintext = 00000000 00000000
Ciphertext = 5b78d3a4 3dfff1f1
6. RC2 Algorithm Object Identifier
The Object Identifier for RC2 in cipher block chaining mode is
rc2CBC OBJECT IDENTIFIER
  ::= {iso(1) member-body(2) US(840) rsadsi(113549)
       encryptionAlgorithm(3) 2}
RC2-CBC takes parameters
RC2-CBCParameter ::= CHOICE {
  iv IV,
  params SEQUENCE {
    version RC2Version,
    iv IV
  }
IV ::= OCTET STRING -- 8 octets
RC2Version ::= INTEGER -- 1-1024
RC2 in CBC mode has two parameters: an 8-byte initialization vector (IV) and a version number in the range 1-1024 which specifies in a roundabout manner the number of effective key bits to be used for the RC2 encryption/decryption.
The correspondence between effective key bits and version number is as follows:
1. If the number EKB of effective key bits is in the range 1-255,    then the version number is given by Table[EKB], where the    256-byte translation table Table[] is specified below.     Table[] specifies a permutation on the numbers 0-255; note    that it is not the same table that appears in the key    expansion phase of RC2.
2. If the number EKB of effective key bits is in the range    256-1024, then the version number is simply EKB.
   The default number of effective key bits for RC2 is 32.     If RC2-CBC is being performed with 32 effective key bits, the    parameters should be supplied as a simple IV, rather than as a    SEQUENCE containing a version and an IV.
     0  1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8  9  a  b  c  d  e  f
00: bd 56 ea f2 a2 f1 ac 2a b0 93 d1 9c 1b 33 fd d0
10: 30 04 b6 dc 7d df 32 4b f7 cb 45 9b 31 bb 21 5a
20: 41 9f e1 d9 4a 4d 9e da a0 68 2c c3 27 5f 80 36
30: 3e ee fb 95 1a fe ce a8 34 a9 13 f0 a6 3f d8 0c
40: 78 24 af 23 52 c1 67 17 f5 66 90 e7 e8 07 b8 60
50: 48 e6 1e 53 f3 92 a4 72 8c 08 15 6e 86 00 84 fa
60: f4 7f 8a 42 19 f6 db cd 14 8d 50 12 ba 3c 06 4e
70: ec b3 35 11 a1 88 8e 2b 94 99 b7 71 74 d3 e4 bf
80: 3a de 96 0e bc 0a ed 77 fc 37 6b 03 79 89 62 c6
90: d7 c0 d2 7c 6a 8b 22 a3 5b 05 5d 02 75 d5 61 e3
a0: 18 8f 55 51 ad 1f 0b 5e 85 e5 c2 57 63 ca 3d 6c
b0: b4 c5 cc 70 b2 91 59 0d 47 20 c8 4f 58 e0 01 e2
c0: 16 38 c4 6f 3b 0f 65 46 be 7e 2d 7b 82 f9 40 b5
d0: 1d 73 f8 eb 26 c7 87 97 25 54 b1 28 aa 98 9d a5
e0: 64 6d 7a d4 10 81 44 ef 49 d6 ae 2e dd 76 5c 2f
f0: a7 1c c9 09 69 9a 83 cf 29 39 b9 e9 4c ff 43 ab
A. Intellectual Property Notice
RC2 is a registered trademark of RSA Data Security, Inc. RSA's
copyrighted RC2 software is available under license from RSA
Data Security, Inc.
B. Author's Address
Ron Rivest
RSA Laboratories
100 Marine Parkway,       Redwood City, CA  94065  USA  (650) 595-7703
rsa-labs at rsa.com

@_date: 1998-01-14 13:45:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: TLS implementations 
Don't you know the place where there is anyone
TLS implementations (source code)?
Teach to me if it is here because it is known.
Thank you very much.

@_date: 1998-01-14 20:14:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Timmy May's 16Kb brain's single convolution is directly wired to his rectum for input and his T1 mouth for output. That's 16K bits, not bytes. Anal intercourse has caused extensive brain damage.
         \
        o/\_ Timmy May
       <\__,\
        '\,  |

@_date: 1998-01-19 04:28:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Other c'punk lists? 
are there any other cypherpunk lists?  With all due respect
this list has a *lot* of noise   Perhaps something with-
out the anarchy.  I enjoy the wild side of this list but
I would also like something more targeted.
Thanks in advance

@_date: 1998-01-22 05:58:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Two Turntables and a Clipper Chip 
Two turntables and a
              Clipper chip               By Skinny DuBaud               January 15, 1998               SAN FRANCISCO--In what certainly was
              not a hacker's delight, RSA Data
              Security CEO Jim Bidzos stunned the
              crowd at his company's annual
              conference this week as he joined
              old-school rappers The Sugar Hill Gang
              for a detourned version of da Gang's
              classic, "Rapper's Delight."               Well aware that he's no Kool Moe Dee,
              Bidzos hip-hopped his way through the
              modified lyrics, which contained such
              sparkling couplets as... "They once
              proposed a thing called Clipper
              Now there's something new that ain't
              much hipper
              Key recovery won't work, so the experts
              say
              But the government wants to push it on
              us anyway"
              and               "I like hip hip hop               I like to online shop
              I trust RSA
              To keep the hackers at bay"
              ...then promised never to pull such a
              stunt again. The RSA conference
                                  audience of
                                  crypto-math
                                  geeks,
                                  cyberlibertarians,
                                  and snoop-dogs
                                  cheered, of
                                  course. They'd
                                  throw their
                                  hands in the air
                                  (and wave them
                                  like they just
                                  don't care) for a
              wet sponge if it smelled
              antiauthoritarian, but many breathed a
              sigh of relief.               Despite the awkward moments, Bidzos,
              who's made quite a name for himself as
              a public enemy of the federal
              government's restrictions on the export
              of encryption software, looked
              mahvelous sporting a fresh Van Dyke
              facial-hair arrangement on his
              prizefighter's mug. He apparently grew
              the ensemble to match the Sugar Hill
              Gang--in appearance at least, if not in
              dope MC talent. Always the suave host,
              Jim will be back among his tribe at the
              end-of-conference gala, for which the
              company has rented out the California
              Academy of Sciences in Golden Gate
              Park.               The Skintelligentsia certainly will be
              there looking out for any
              representatives of Pretty Good Privacy,
              the crypto company enmeshed in legal
              battles with RSA. The PGP-brains don't
              have a booth at the RSA conference this
              year, but in celebration of their merger
              with Network Associates--the newly
              formed utility software company, that
              is, not the PR agency--they managed to
              throw a soiree last night at the
              Marky-Mark Hopkins Hotel, right
              across the street from the RSA
              proceedings at the equally fly Fairmont.
              Speaking of snubs, crypto rivals
              VeriSign and GTE, whose booths at the
              Fairmont were practically alongside one
              another, have been playing a bit of
              one-upmanship recently. Certificate
              authority (CA) VeriSign uses hardware
              storage from BBN to safeguard software
              encryption keys at its Silicon Valley
              offices. The hardware--which looks like
              small blue boxes about the size of a
              desktop telephone set--is the crypto
              equivalent of a strong box, ostensibly
              impervious to hackers. But BBN was
              recently bought by GTE, which owns
              rival CA Cybertrust Solutions, and all of
              a sudden, VeriSign isn't satisfied with
              the "performance" of those little blue
              boxes. The company has started looking
              elsewhere for its strong-box solutions,
              according to a Skinside source. How
              will users of encryption trust the
              "trusted third parties" if the trusted
              third parties don't trust each other?               Staying in Baghdad by the Bay, the
              conspiracy birds are clacking their
              beaks over the latest public
              transportation developments. S.F.'s
              Municipal Railway (or "Muni," as the
              local posse calls it) has just opened an
              extension from the end of Market
              Street down to Willie Mays Plaza, now
              just a gaping pit where the new
              baseball stadium will spring up by the
              year 2000. The shorthand for the new
              rail spur? "MMX," short for Muni Metro
              Extension. Sure, the project's gone over
              budget, but I swear it fixed that
              floating-point problem years ago...               Speaking of Big Willie Style, San Fran's
              mayor Willie Brown--who looks great in
              a fedora, I must say--may be second
              only to Bill Gates when it comes to
              haughty treatment of minions, but do
              Willie's employees sit on Thai temples
              and proclaim their divinity? That's
              apparently what happened to a
              Microsoft programmer on vacation.
              According to email making the rounds
              among MSN and WebTV employees, the
              young fellow (who didn't answer his
              Redmond phone when my agents rang
              him up) overheated his circuits,
              perched himself atop an ancient Thai
              temple for 10 hours, and told the
              authorities he was God. It took
              scaffolding and a special police
              neck-hold to bring him down, according
              to the report. Brutal, Juice, brutal!               Whether the item is true or not, it
              produced some amusing comments as
              it made its way through the outer
              provinces of Lawrence Lessig's favorite
              evil empire.               "So, um, how closely are we supposed
              to try to blend into the Microsoft
              culture?" mused one WebTV employee
              as the tidbit made its way around the
              company.               "I'm sure that each of us, at one time or
              another, has had the experience of
              waking up in some God-forsaken
              tropical paradise and feeling that
              horrible falling sensation that comes
              from being separated from your desk
              and workstation," wrote another
              Webhead.

@_date: 1998-01-22 13:15:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: tell me what you think of this RC2 C++ source code 
tell me what you think of this RC2 C++ source code
  void RC2Keyschedule::schedule( unsigned short K[64], const unsigned char L[128], unsigned T8, unsigned TM )
                L[i] = PITABLE[L[i-1] + L[i-T]];
        T8 = (T1+7) >> 3;
        TM = 255 MOD 2^(8 + T1 - 8*T8);
        L[128-T8] = PITABLE[L[128-T8] & TM];
                L[i] = PITABLE[L[i+1] XOR L[i+T8]];
        K[i] = L[2*i] + 256*L[2*i+1];
void RC2Encryption::ProcessBlock( const unsigned short K[64], )
void RC2Decryption::ProcessBlock( const unsigned short K[64], )

@_date: 1998-01-23 07:48:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Ultra computer 
Go back to the sushi bar and read your English book. Chop chop.

@_date: 1998-01-26 16:29:01
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Timothy May prefers to have sex with little kids because his own penis is like that of a             /\**/\
           ( o_o  )_) Timothy May
           ,(u  u  ,),
          {}{}{}{}{}{}

@_date: 1998-01-28 11:19:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: State of the Union Address 
Interesting thread. While we're on the topic of chemistry and heat:
Does anyone happen to know how to figure the energy requirements or yields
for a reaction? My college chemistry book doesn't say a whole lot about it.
In fact it doesn't say enough to actually be useful at all; it gives
energies for four or five different bonds in a table and then launches into
a really bad explanation of how to calculate this. If I have to use a table of bond energies is there one available online? Or
is there a simpler way to just calculate the bloody things?
I really ought to take more chemistry courses before I get my diploma. Or at
the very least audit them.

@_date: 1998-01-29 13:38:56
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
What was the URL again? I got that at work and want to re-visit site tonite at home.

@_date: 1998-01-30 09:15:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Chris Lewis's death? 
You mean, Vlad is Larry Detweiler and Dmitri Vulis in the same time?
Hmmm ...

@_date: 1998-01-30 13:10:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The source code of corrected RC2 
There was a mistake in the source code of RC2 that I did a mailbox on January 21 '1998. The following is the source code of corrected RC2. RC2 C++ source code
  void RC2Keyschedule::schedule( unsigned short K[64], const unsigned char L[128], unsigned T8, unsigned TM )
        {
        unsigned char x;
        unsigned i;
        static const unsigned char PITABLE[256] = {
            217,120,249,196, 25,221,181,237, 40,233,253,121, 74,160,216,157,
            198,126, 55,131, 43,118, 83,142, 98, 76,100,136, 68,139,251,162,
             23,154, 89,245,135,179, 79, 19, 97, 69,109,141,  9,129,125, 50,
            189,143, 64,235,134,183,123, 11,240,149, 33, 34, 92,107, 78,130,
             84,214,101,147,206, 96,178, 28,115, 86,192, 20,167,140,241,220,
             18,117,202, 31, 59,190,228,209, 66, 61,212, 48,163, 60,182, 38,
            111,191, 14,218, 70,105,  7, 87, 39,242, 29,155,188,148, 67,  3,
            248, 17,199,246,144,239, 62,231,  6,195,213, 47,200,102, 30,215,
              8,232,234,222,128, 82,238,247,132,170,114,172, 53, 77,106, 42,
            150, 26,210,113, 90, 21, 73,116, 75,159,208, 94,  4, 24,164,236,
            194,224, 65,110, 15, 81,203,204, 36,145,175, 80,161,244,112, 57,
            153,124, 58,133, 35,184,180,122,252,  2, 54, 91, 37, 85,151, 49,
             45, 93,250,152,227,138,146,174,  5,223, 41, 16,103,108,186,201,
            211,  0,230,207,225,158,168, 44, 99, 22,  1, 63, 88,226,137,169,
             13, 56, 52, 27,171, 51,255,176,187, 72, 12, 95,185,177,205, 46,
            197,243,219, 71,229,165,156,119, 10,166, 32,104,254,127,193,173
        };
        assert(len > 0 && len <= 128);
        assert(bits <= 1024);
        if (!bits)
                bits = 1024;
        memcpy(xkey, key, len);
        for (i = 0; i < 128; i++) {
                L[i] = PITABLE[L[i-1] + L[i-T]];
        }
        T8 = (T1+7) >> 3;
        TM = 255 MOD 2^(8 + T1 - 8*T8);
        L[128-T8] = PITABLE[L[128-T8] & TM];
        for (i = 0; i < 127-T8; i++) {
                L[i] = PITABLE[L[i+1] XOR L[i+T8]];
        };
        i = 63;
        K[i] = L[2*i] + 256*L[2*i+1];
        };
void RC2Encryption::ProcessBlock( const unsigned short K[64], )
        {
        unsigned R3, R2, R1, R0, i;
        for (i = 0; i < 16; i++) {
                R0 += (R1 & ~R3) + (R2 & R3) + K[4*i+0];
                R0 = R0 << 1;
                R1 += (R2 & ~R0) + (R3 & R0) + K[4*i+1];
                R1 = R1 << 2;
                R2 += (R3 & ~R1) + (R0 & R1) + K[4*i+2];
                R2 = R2 << 3;
                R3 += (R0 & ~R2) + (R1 & R2) + K[4*i+3];
                R3 = R3 << 5;
                if (i == 4 || i == 10) {
                        R0 += K[R3 & 63];
                        R1 += K[R0 & 63];
                        R2 += K[R1 & 63];
                        R3 += K[R2 & 63];
                }
        }
void RC2Decryption::ProcessBlock( const unsigned short K[64], )
        {
        unsigned R3, R2, R1, R0, i;
        for (i = 0; i < 16; i++) {
                R3 = R3 << 5;
                R3 += (R0 & ~R2) + (R1 & R2) + K[4*i-3];
                R2 = R2 << 3;
                R2 += (R3 & ~R1) + (R0 & R1) + K[4*i-2];
                R1 = R1 << 2;
                R1 += (R2 & ~R0) + (R3 & R0) + K[4*i-1];
                R0 = R0 << 1;
                R0 += (R1 & ~R3) + (R2 & R3) + K[4*i-0];
                if (i == 4 || i == 10) {
                        R3 -= K[R2 & 63];
                        R2 -= K[R1 & 63];
                        R1 -= K[R0 & 63];
                        R0 -= K[R3 & 63];
                }
        }

@_date: 1998-03-18 19:30:29
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I count on TruthMonger as -my- mainstream news source.

@_date: 1998-03-20 23:35:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I have long held that most of those passing through the hallowed halls
of the cypherpunks list are not cypherpunks, but entities who are
striving to become cypherpunks--once they succeed, most of them move
on to other pursuits and activities.
Thank God that there are those who maintain their presence on the list
over long enough periods of time to help newbies and neophytes to
develop a cypherpunk frame of mind.
Ross Wright, spam-promoter extraordinare, has become so gun-shy that
he can no longer recognize the difference between sarcasm and a post
by someone who recognizes that all alleged 'spammers' cannot be lumped
into the same stereotypical melting pot.
There are those who send 60 million emails out to Dog-and-everybody,
without regard to suitability to their sensibilities, and there are
those who strive to target their emails toward those who may actually
have an interest in their offerings.
Life itself is a double-edged sword. To compete with the shotgun spammers, those who wish to target an audience which is likely to
have a specific interest in their product or cause have need of
a database which will help them to categorize the interests of those
who traverse the WWW. In doing so, they run the risk of being lumped
in with those who use the same technology to monitor the same users
in order to work against their self-interest.
Nobody. For an extended explaination, read Horatio Alger.
PrecedentMonger II
