
@_date: 1995-08-09 11:55:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: this looked like it might be interesting 
it was on a floppy i got in the mail last week:
  static u_char F[4][256];
static u_char G[2][256];
int S1_self_check(void);
int S1_zeroize(void);
int S1_load_key(int, u_char *);
int S1_encrypt_block(int, u_char *);
int S1_decrypt_block(int, u_char *);
int S1_create_key(u_char *, u_char *);
static void f_initialize(void);
static void rotatekey(int, u_char *);
static u_char f(int,int);
static u_char g(int,int);
 KEYGEN_CHIP 1 /* delete this to simulate operational chipsets */
 KEY_REGISTERS 4
 INTEGRITY KEY_REGISTERS
static u_char clear_family[8] = {129,3,5,7,2,4,6,131};
static u_char cipher_family[8] = {1,254,253,252,128,129,130,8};
static u_char key_integrity_key[10] = {0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0};
static u_char key[KEY_REGISTERS+1][10];
static u_char fullkey[KEY_REGISTERS+1][32][6];  /* SOFTWARE ONLY */
static int initialized=0;
int S1_self_check()
int S1_zeroize()
int S1_encrypt_block(int key_register, u_char *block)
int S1_decrypt_block(int key_register, u_char *block)
 KEYGEN_CHIP
int S1_create_key(u_char *key_value, u_char *key_vector)
int S1_create_key(u_char *key_value, u_char *key_vector)
static void
rotatekey(int key_register, u_char *key_value)
static void f_initialize() {
static u_char f(int table, int value)
static u_char g(int table, int value)

@_date: 1995-08-10 16:45:13
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: F*** FOSTER 
this vince foster thing is BS. total bs. Perry is right.
there's not a single smidgeon of honest reporting going
on. its just slime being stirred up by internet thugs
and rapscallions. let foster rest in peace. multiple
people have ruled it was a suicide. perry can attest
that it was a suicide. perry can attest that the NSA
was not involved. he has seen everything, and if he has
an opinion on something, you can take his word that it
was based on the FACTS. the FACTS of the case are that
FOSTER was fed up with his nothing life, and pulled
the trigger and blew his brains out in a park. so what
if they couldn't find the brains anywhere? or they
are missing a few here and there??? they were splattered on the grass. when there is that much splatter
all over the place, you can be sure that the people
showing up with the spatula are not going to be that
meticulous. they probably did about 5 minutes of scrape, scrape, scaping and then vomited and passed
the spatula to the next guy. I mean, cut these guys
some slack.
the NSA stuff is total, utter poppycock. the NSA has
absolutely nothing to do with vince foster. Clinton
has nothing to do with foster. Hillary has nothing
to do with foster. why, the way people are ranting you'd
think there is a major political scandal going on.
NOTHING IS GOING ON HERE. please step aside, and move
along. PLEASE MOVE ALONG FOLKS, THERE'S NOTHING MORE TO
SEE HERE.
the fact that foster may have had access to intelligence
secrets such as cryptography is IRRELEVANT to the
cypherpunks. the fact that a scandal may have taken place
is IMMATERIAL  to our goals. our goals are to WRITE
CODE. FOR GOD'S SAKE, WRITE THAT CODE. I don't care if
you have to create code generators. CODE, CODE, CODE.
post the code to the cypherpunks list. talk about the
code. critique the code. study the code. salvation for
all humanity lies in finding the magic formula. and we
can't find it, UNLESS WE CODE, DAMMIT. perry understands
this. some people think that there is a magic government
program that will solve poverty, give freedom to everyone
in the US, and solve P=NP. they're WRONG. the government
cannot do any of this. BUT PROGRAMMERS CAN!!!!
put your programming hats on. if you haven't banged a keyboard a half million times, fired up VI to edit a
C file for the ten zillionth time, NO PROGRESS IS BEING
MADE. ITS AS SIMPLE AS THAT. if you haven't compiled something recently, RECOMPILE IT JUST TO BE SAFE. we
just aren't making any progress without CODE, CODE, CODE.
we have an utter shortage of code. the problem is not
politics, but LACK OF CODE. anyone can look at the net
today and see there is a HORRENDOUS SHORTAGE OF CODE
IN CYBERSPACE. we have to train everyone to program NOW or the future is lost to the incompetent. we will
be back to Vic 64's if people don't keep up the constant
programming. software is the key to salvation. every second devoted to the vince foster thing is a
precious second taken away from code. NOTHING POSITIVE
CAN COME OF PREOCCUPATION WITH CONSPIRACY THEORIES.
PERRY CAN ATTEST TO THAT. remember when PRZ was getting
indicted? perry was right on then too. some people were
scared shitless and raving out of their minds, saying the
world would end tomorrow, but NOT PERRY. perry has NO
FEAR. he said that we should CODE, CODE, CODE. and you
know what??? HE'S RIGHT. if people followed PERRY, we
would not be in this @ predicament we are in.
if we could just get it so that every person who signed
up to the internet could CODE, we would be home free.
salvation. utopia!!! then we could rest a little. but
only a little, otherwise the NSA will beat us again
at the code race.
once again: forget Foster. nothing, absolutely nothing
about this scandal could possibly help our cause of
trying to expose corruption in government to the mainstream populace, to keep them better informed, to
put limits on the NSA, to show that they have been
involved in horrendous abuses, that there is something
utterly smelly in our government. FORGET IT. NOTHING
LIKE THIS WILL EVER BE PROVEN OR ESTABLISHED. IT'S
IMPOSSIBLE, JUST LIKE PERRY SAYS SO.
when anything new comes of this foster stuff, just remember
that perry predicted way ahead of time that it would amount
to NOTHING, NOTHING, NOTHING. and the more you preoccupy
your brains with this TOTAL MINUTIA, the less you are coding.
STOP IT RIGHT NOW. just remember, if you don't, you will
be SORRY, and when you come crying back to Perry that nothing
of value came of all your conspiracy mongering, he will
have NO SYMPATHY, in fact if he had a gun around he'd probably be tempted to blow your brains out. and you
can just FORGET about the spatula.

@_date: 1995-08-10 18:15:12
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PERRY METZGER: YOUR MOMMY IS CALLING YOU HOME 
> >I'm tired of Perry.  >  >  >  > I think that any Perry bashing can be taken offline.  I don't think that 700
 > people subscribed to the "I Hate Perry Metzger" list;
Nah, that list is way bigger than cypherpunks.

@_date: 1995-08-10 19:45:08
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: UHS encoding 
has anyone heard of UHS ? ? its universal hint system . . its for game hints
. . its data files are encrypted and a decoder decodes only the hints you
need . . anyone know what encryption is used ? ? its probably very weak but
a good idea . . i wonder if this is export - restricted too ! !

@_date: 1995-08-17 07:35:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: UK Independent on SSL crack 
from the "ukpipeline" :-)
UK Indpendent newspaper, 17/8/1995
Internet's 30bn Pound Secret Revealed
Charles Arthur
Technology Correspondent
A French student has cracked the most commonly used encryption system used to pass financial transactions over the Internet, threatening a business forecast to be worth billions of pounds worldwide.
Damien Doligez, 27, a PhD student at the Inria research centre near Paris, broke a software "key" used by the Netscape browsing program, which lets users navigate the World Wide Web.
With Netscape, Internet users can visit shopping "sites" on the Web and order goods by sending their credit card and address over the network to the site.  To prevent anyone picking up those confidential details as they pass through the network, they are encrypted first using a software "key".  This is the system used for example by Barclays Bank's "BarclaySquare" project, launched in May, which offers access to eight major retailers.  Market research companies forecast that money transmission over the Internet will be worth more than 30bn pounds by At the launch of BarclaySquare, Roger Alexander, managing director of the unit said: "The encryption method has been rigorously tested by us".  But Mr. Doligez has compromised that security by decoding a test example of an encrypted transaction, posted on a number of Internet discussion groups in July.
The transaction was scrambled using a digital key 40 bits long, which offers about 1,000 billion ( a million million) possible combinations.  Mr Doligez harnessed spare time on 120 workstations and parallel computers.  The computers turned up the answer after eight days.
"I wouldn't trust my credit card number to Netscape," Mr Doligez told the Independent from Paris yesterday.
Netscape Communications, whose flotation on the New York Stock Exchange raised more than $1bn, said "We have always said this would be theoretically possible."

@_date: 1995-08-18 13:08:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Exportable if Escrowed Changes Nothing! 
> Governments:  can't live with 'em, can't shoot 'em.
                                      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
It is precisely this kind of self-defeating pessimism that has allowed
the current state of affairs to develop.

@_date: 1995-08-25 14:55:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Wide Release (Re: PGPfone (BETA TEST) is released) 
ftp host: net-dist.mit.edu, AKA bitsy.mit.edu
220 bitsy FTP server (Version wu-2.4(1) Thu Apr 14 20:21:35 EDT 1994) ready.
USER ftp
331 Guest login ok, send your complete e-mail address as password.
PASS *****
230-Welcome, archive user!  This is an experimental FTP server.  If have any
230-unusual problems, please report them via e-mail to ftp-bugs at bitsy
230-If you do have problems, please try using a dash (-) as the first character
230-of your password -- this will turn off the continuation messages that may
230-be confusing your ftp client.
230-Please read the file README
230-  it was last modified on Sat May 28 19:19:36 1988 - 2643 days ago
230 Guest login ok, access restrictions apply.
257 "/" is current directory.
MACB E
500 'MACB E': command not understood.
TYPE A
200 Type set to A.
CWD /pub/PGPfone
250-Please read the file README
250-  it was last modified on Fri Aug 25 15:52:05 1995 - 0 days ago
250 CWD command successful.
PORT 199,117,100,36,7,146
200 PORT command successful.
150 Opening ASCII mode data connection for /bin/ls.
total 29
-r--r--r--  1 0        1001         4287 Aug 25 15:52 README
drwxr-x---  4 1        27            512 Aug 25 17:00 dist
-r--r--r--  1 0        1001         2172 Aug 24 22:02 mitlicen.txt
-r--r--r--  1 0        1001        19546 Aug 24 23:43 rsalicen.txt
226 Transfer complete.
CWD /pub/PGPfone/dist
250 CWD command successful.
PORT 199,117,100,36,4,177
200 PORT command successful.
150 Opening ASCII mode data connection for /bin/ls.
total 2
drwxr-xr-x  2 435      27            512 Aug 25 15:24 U.S.-only-XXXX
drwxrwxr-x  2 0        27            512 Aug 25 15:13 secret99
226 Transfer complete.
CWD /pub/PGPfone/dist/secret99
250 CWD command successful.
PORT 199,117,100,36,7,178
200 PORT command successful.
150 Opening ASCII mode data connection for /bin/ls.
total 2271
-r--r--r--  1 0        27         764444 Aug 25 15:12 PGPfone10.sea.Hqx
-r--r--r--  1 0        27         751220 Aug 25 12:50 PGPfone10.sea.Hqx.OLD
-r--r--r--  1 0        27         750964 Aug 24 23:30 PGPfone10.sea.Hqx.OLDER
-r--r--r--  1 0        27           2172 Aug 24 22:02 mitlicen.txt
-r--r--r--  1 0        27          19546 Aug 24 23:43 rsalicen.txt
226 Transfer complete.
CWD /pub/PGPfone/dist/U.S.-only-XXXX
250 CWD command successful.
PORT 199,117,100,36,6,161
200 PORT command successful.
150 Opening ASCII mode data connection for /bin/ls.
total 760
-r--r--r--  1 0        27         764444 Aug 25 15:12 PGPfone10.sea.Hqx
226 Transfer complete.

@_date: 1995-12-08 09:08:55
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: No Subject 
Can't help you there but, I do have some pictures of your mother
having sex with a dog because she didn't want you to be an only child.

@_date: 1995-12-11 17:12:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
> I've just released details of an attack many of you will
 > find interesting since quite a few existing cryptography
 > products and systems are potentially at risk.  The general
 > idea of the attack is that secret keys can be found by
 > measuring the amount of time used to to process messages.
I just read this paper, and while it is somewhat interesting, I
don't think the walls of cryptography are in any danger of
People employing systems like PGP are already advised to use them
on private machines, with only one user, and untampered-with
binaries.  Under such circumstances, the collecting of statistics
necessary to employ a timing attack would be difficult at best,
and anyone doing a "black bag" job on the platform would be
better advised to use a direct attack like a passphrase-sniffer
as opposed to a complex statistical approach.
On Networked systems with many users, where one is advised not to
decrypt with or store ones private key, the situation is of
course different.  But again, another user with the ability to
monitor the timing of specific subroutines in ones cryptographic
software or feed that software enough chosen data to generate a
statistical profile of the key, would doubtless have an
opportunity to compromise the system in other ways.
In the particular case of RSA used to sign messages or transmit
session keys, the values being exponentiated are either highly
random or strongly hashed, and the opportunity of an opponent to
time numerical routines with data of his own choosing is
So while this is a very nice piece of work, and certainly of
theoretical interest, I don't think it will modify the way in
which people are advised to utilize cryptographic software, or
cause companies like Netscape of RSADSI to shed any tears.
                                   -Bourbaki 137

@_date: 1995-12-13 05:08:45
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: chaotic signal cryptography 
I too am interested in this technique.  I may be wrong, but it seems like
a variation on the one-time pad.  Any comments on this technique (usefulness,
robustness, etc.)?

@_date: 1995-12-13 11:33:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
> Timings like the ones listed are trivial to take in
 > establishing things like SSL sessions, or Photuris sessions.
 > The danger is to online protocols, not to PGP.
This must be a new and interesting definition of the word
"trivial" with which I was previously unfamiliar.
Quite frankly, I would be extremely surprised if anyone mounted a
successful hostile attack against a server's RSA certificate
using timings of remotely initiated SSL sessions outside of a
controlled laboratory environment.
"Timing Cryptanalysis" is one of those really cute "obvious with
20-20 hindsight" discoveries, but not one which is likely to be
reliably employed by an opponent except under very carefully
controlled circumstances.
Peter Trei and others have already outlined excellent reasons for
such skepticism, so I won't bother rehashing them here.
 > Any reason you felt you had to say this anonymously?
Yes.  I wanted to try the nifty WWW-based remailer at
  Also, it's nice to
have a pseudo-anonymous identity now that government regulation
of the Net is looming on the horizon. Feel free to compare my
writing style, margins, and quote string with other posts on the
list in order to determine my likely "real life" identity.
                                      -Bourbaki 137

@_date: 1995-12-15 04:20:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Netscape announces position against GAK 
i cannot fault you too much for not using capitals, since it is a well know
fact  that network mci charges extra for their use.  however, i do believe
that your posts might be taken more seriously were they easier to read.
maybe it is time to shell out the extra $$ and buy some capital letters.
        hooker

@_date: 1995-12-18 10:07:16
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What ever happened to... Cray Comp/NSA co-development 
O.K. I'm new... however...
I remember reading an article about this news release in mid '94
(I believe it was the NY Times), about the time that Cray
Computer Company (Seymour's unsuccessful spinoff company) was
actively seeking bank financing. Anyone remember?
The article was about an NSA contract award to Cray Computer. In
some background:
The Supercomputer industry had been struggling for a while with
reductions in purchases from the U.S. government due to cutbacks
on research spending and the 'end of the cold war'. The situation at MasPar had gotten to the point of court reorginization or
worse. In June (of '94) Cray was in such a cash squeeze that it
took out a $17.5 million secured loan to fend collapse. During
July, Cray announced that it was seeking a "partner" to make an
investment in exchange for technology access. Guess who shows up
with plans to build "the ultimate spying machine"? Now, Seymour's a nice guy, but money is tight, so he buys in on the hopes for
more a lucrative future relationship. The plot thickens.
The contract calls for Cray to put up $4.6 million to cover the
initial development (didn't they just take out a loan?) of which
about $400,000 will go to the NSA for so called "software
consulting services". It makes one wonder what the "real"
contract was worth (such as producing this surveillance system
in quantity)? There was some speculation in the article about
what this system could be used for, such as DEA operations
outside U.S. borders (Columbia perhaps) or foreign military
communication or enhancement processing of spy satellite photos.
What caught my attention was the architecture.
A "hybrid design linking two supercomputer processors with an
array of HALF A MILLION inexpensive processors" that were
designed by the U.S. government laboratory affiliated with the
NSA. The same chip house that brought us Clipper.
I've not kept up with the "ultimate" demise that eventually
befell Cray Computer Company, but the October 16 FBI filing
on capacity for Digital Telephony got me thinking back to this
article. 1% seems like a rather huge need for horsepower. And
what if GAK doesn't fly? And the widespread use of hard crypto
just keeps increasing?
This kind of machine could, in theory:
1) Implement ALL Clipper(II) based Key Escrow functionality in
   silicon (the easy part) AND allow for simultaneous decrypt and
   surveil of 'who knows how many' Clipper based data streams.
2) Implement general RSA based Prime Factoring functionality in
   silicon (the not so easy part) AND allow massively parallel
   decrypt and surveil of 'who knows how many' RSA/etc. based
   data streams.
3) Implement it all, AND 'on-line' transaction based surveillance
   via the FBI's 1% capacity infrastructure.
Chilling... Who needs key escrow (or RSA private keys) when
you've got a massively parallel prime factoring machine. What if
GAK was to become a 'non-issue'? How fast do you think a machine
such as this could factor RSA 129?
Makes you wonder if 2048 bits will be enough (my guess.. it
won't). But then, I'm sure that when Cray Computer finally folded
(has/hasn't?) all that tech just got sold for scrap eh?

@_date: 1995-12-19 07:37:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What ever happened to... Cray Comp/NSA co-development 
I had thought that it may have been similar to an Active Memory
design, but had no real clues to go by. Wasn't sure about the
chip array path width either, but thought that 1 bit was probably
the way to go given the array size.
Hmm... is that the name?
Sorry Thad... but NOTHING 'just disappears' at the NSA...
Hahahahahahahah!!!!!!!!!! A cryptographer's most POWERFUL weapon, is
A False Sense of Security... If you've read Kocher's abstract, you
would NO DOUBT realize that there are ALWAYS options to be explored
and exploited. I'm sorry, don't take it personal, but I think that this
'til the end o' time' argument leaks like a "sieve"... it's the classic
linear thinking thing.
This sounds pretty pessimistic too...
Well... maybe the timing wasn't right for the system's completion.
After all, designing a computer with <1 nanosecond cycle time is not
child's play. And in quantity it is even more difficult. A few more
years of development with Transphaser logic and Holographic storage
could work some wonders in computational capailities.

@_date: 1995-12-19 16:07:44
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
While most ISP's may not want to be responsible for monitoring transmissions, check out a portion of an agreement from mine. (I haven't and won't sign such an agreement, may therefore be terminated at month's end.)
"4.1  PCIX may elect to electronically monitor any and all traffic which passes over our Wide Area Network.  This monitoring may include public as well as private communications and data transfers from our Members and to our Members as well as any and all communications and data transfers to and from any other internet sites. ....  The monitoring and disclosure activities of PCIX may negate the privacy protections which the Member would otherwise enjoy under federal and state law, including the Electronic Privacy Communications Act.  Member specifically agrees that PCIX may do so and Member understands that he or she is giving up privacy rights which he or she would otherwise be entitled to under the law."
Hope this isn't the start of a trend!
groundfog at nym.gondolin.org

@_date: 1995-12-20 16:55:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: What ever happened to... Cray Comp/NSA co-development 
First, thanks for the obvious 'kind' thoughts Tim... It's heartening that
you took the time to add some substantial info to the thread. However...
O.K. Just a factor of 16 increase over the CM architecture right? Not knowing
the computational capabilities of the individual processors, it might be
difficult to say what the machine is capable of. Wouldn't that have some
I didn't mention a 'processor-in-memory' architecture and neither did the NYT
article. Don't know about any other company involvement, just CCC and NSA.
You mean the avenues that are of PUBLIC record. The possibility could always
exist that the development continues 'in-house'. It wouldn't be the first time
that sort of move has been played.
You mean the problem of data collection? Well, it's true that this would be a
misuse of a supercomputer's specialized talents.
[Rant mode on]
Speculation Tim... I'm SPECULATING. Could, in theory... AND my kind of theory
probably has holes you could drive a FLEET of Mack trucks through. I have NO
evidence. I'm not sure WHO would care. I'M A PARANOID DILLUSIONAL PSYCHOPATH!
O.K. well maybe not that last part... but I'm asking the questions, remember?
I said I'm new here, so if your going to blow holes in my pet theories, then
do me the 'kindness' of using an accurate weapon... that's why I posted...
Again... I claimed NOTHING! SPECULATED MUCH! Now it's your turn... Why would
YOU build a machine like this? What could POSSIBLY be it's capabilities?
Speculate with me for a moment... *_take a chance_*.
Yes, my terminology sucks! But you get the drift don't you? Math is not a
strength of mine, I only know in very general terms what is involved (why,
then, am I even bothering to bring this up?). Because I AM however, VERY
concerned in the continual erosion of privacy rights in all forms
communications, electronic and otherwise.
[Rant mode off]
Nonsense? Is that 700 decimal digits or 700 binary digits? I don't have the
tables that you refer to. Where may I find them? (LOL)
No, I've already said that math is not a strength I possess. I've wondered
about the ability of the FBI to count on ten fingers and ten toes given some
of the justification that I've read for this capacity figure...
Sorry... I asked the question... and your speculation is (I would hope) MUCH
more accurate than mine. Again, math is not a strength of mine.
Yes, I believe that I've read Rivest's paper on the statistical probabilities.
I've never really believed in statistics, AND I'm sure you don't have the time
to convince me Tim (I'm sorry if I've been less than reverencial about this,
but I'm from Illinois which is right next door to Missouri).
No Tim, you have not... but on another note...
The "transphaser" is an optical equivalent to the transistor. It is a quantum
threshold optical switch, but it is not a 'mystery'. You should read Scientific
American more often ;>
O.K. I'm done with this line of discussion, you may however, continue to
     elaborate as I will, no doubt, continue to read...
"I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me,
 And what can be the use of him is more than I can see" R. L. Stevenson

@_date: 1995-12-27 03:40:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New release (v.1.3.2) of CFS Unix encrypting file system available 
Does anyone know if this code has made it across the pond yet?
If so please post the ftp location to sci.crypt or comp.os.linux.misc.
I don't read this list.

@_date: 1996-01-01 08:45:25
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: first germany, now china 
BEIJING (AP) _ China is planning measures to stop obscene or
harmful material from entering the country via the Internet, its
official news agency reported Sunday.
           The Communist Party and the State Council, China's cabinet,
recently ordered such measures after learning that ``pornographic
and detrimental information'' had been disseminated electronically
in China, the Xinhua News Agency said.
           The report said China intended to use the Internet to promote
the exchange and transfer of technology and scientific information,
while at the same time blocking what it sees as negative
           It did not provide further details.

@_date: 1995-07-17 22:45:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Zimmerman legal fund 
I just received a bit of mail asking about the Zimmermann Legal
Defense Fund, which, like many folks out there, I support.  The writer
implied that he might give money because I suggest it in my sig, but
expressed questions about its legitamacy, and questioned if it's "just
someone trying to exploit the Zimmerman case"
Could someone in the know talk about the relationship between FV and
the ZLDF? I don't like to spread misinformation, so I won't answer
based on conjectures.

@_date: 1995-07-24 16:19:10
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: An idea about Java and remailer clients and servers... 
User X on Machine A sends a form via HTTP (or a variant- SHTTP, HTTPS, etc.)
to Machine B.  User Y on Machine C receives an anonymous mail from Machine
B.  Suspecting User X, User Y sends a mail to be anonymized and sent back to
himself to User X.  User X's temporary remailer does as it's told.  User Y
now has a strong reason to suspect User X has sent the said mail.
Cpunks write code and all, but I don't think this one's going to work. :-(

@_date: 1995-07-27 02:46:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Police computer forensics interview 
There is an article on page 122 of this weeks UK PC User (26 July - 22
August) by the head of the technical support unit for Essex Police.
Here's a few choice cuts from the article:
Now, what we do is go out on raids, or at least instruct officers on
how to seize computers and bring them back to the computer evidence
lab.  The first thing we do with a computer is to make an exact copy
of the hard disk and any floppies that come with it.  It is essential
that we have an exact image, rather than just a file copy, so we get
everything, like the remaining bits of deleted files.  We can
interrogate the free space and slack space where there could be
important evidence.
To do this we've developed our own imaging system.  This is basically
a bit copier:  it just copies every single bit of a hard disk onto
either an optical drive or a hard drive, and saves it as a long file.
We reconstruct the disk on our own computer, a Vale machine with a
90Mhz Pentium processor, and then we can perform the investigation.
What we look for depends on the case: if it's a fraudster's machine,
we'll be looking for sets of accounts, if we're dealing with a
paedophile, we're looking at graphic images.  We basically start by
looking for erased material, which is always the most interesting, and
the slack space.
One of our biggest problems is getting around passwords and
encryption.  Not the base passwords -- they're easy to get around --
but the passwords on the applications themselves, and encryption can
be very difficult to crack.
We do have special programs to get around them, but you need
individual ones for each application.  The programs can crack most
Microsoft applications in minutes, but some, Paradox for example, are
a lot harder.
The biggest headaches are the pocket organisers from Psion or Sharp.
On a PC you have password protection, but you can always get in
through the motherboard, but with a Psion you can't get in without the
manufacturer's assistance.
Interviewer:  Ken Luxford
Interviewee:  Andrew Johnson

@_date: 1995-07-31 00:49:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why Vince Foster Was Killed 
Newsgroups: alt.current-events.clinton.whitewater
James Norman is the Senior Editor for the highly respected FORBES magazine. Several months ago, he wrote an article about the death of Vince Foster, called "Fostergate."   This article was set to run and was pulled at the last minute by forces that are unknown at this time. You may recall a similar situation with the Washington Post spiking the Mena story at the last minute - despite their own lawyers clearing it to run. The Mena story ended up in this month's Penthouse magazine of all places. Fortunately Mr. Norman's article found a more respectable home - at Media Bypass!
  Media Bypass will feature this article in their August issue. I certainly owe them a little plug for posting this in advance. You may subscribe to it by calling 1-800-4-BYPASS.   The article is as follows:
by James R. Norman
"Was White House Deputy Counsel Vince Foster selling US secrets to Israel?
 The CIA suspects he was."
  TWO weeks before his death on July 20, 1993, White House Deputy Counsel Vincent W. Foster went into a deep funk. The official cause of death, given by former Independent Counsel Robert Fiske Jr. (who was later replaced by Kenneth Starr), was suicide driven by depression over, among other things, several newspaper editorials. But Vince Foster had a much bigger and darker reason to be seriously burned out. He had just learned he was under investigation for espionage.
  Outrageous? To say the least. But a lengthy investigation has located over a dozen sources with connections to the intelligence community who confirm a shocking story of money laundering and espionage connected to the highest levels of the White House. Without grants of immunity, the sources risk going to prison for violation of the National Security Act. Virtually all have demanded anonymity.
  According to a veteran Central Intelligence Agency operative close to the Foster investigation, Foster's first indication of trouble came when he inquired about his coded bank account at Banca Della Svizzera Italiana in Chiasso, Switzerland and found the account empty. Foster was shocked to learn from the bank that someone using his secret authorization code had withdrawn all $2.73 million he had stashed there and had moved it to, of all places, the U.S. Treasury.
  Then, according to credit card records reviewed by a private investigator who has revealed them, Foster canceled the two-day round-
trip TWA and Swiss Air plane tickets to Geneva he had purchased on his American Express card through the White House travel office on July 1.   Discretely he began asking what was afoot, says the CIA source, confirming that someone in the White House tipped him off. It was bad news. The CIA had Foster under serious investigation for leaking high-
security secrets to the State of Israel.
  For months, a small cadre of CIA computer hackers known as the Fifth Column, armed with a Cray supercomputer, had been monitoring Foster's Swiss account. They had located it by tracking money flows from various Israeli government accounts after finding Foster's name while secretly snooping through the electronic files of Israel's Mossad. Then by snooping through the bank files, they gathered all the information needed to withdraw the money.   Foster was just one of the first of scores of high level U.S. political figures to thus have their secret Swiss accounts looted of illicit funds, according to both this veteran CIA source and a separate source in another intelligence agency. Over the past two years, they say, more than $2 billion has been swept out of offshore bank accounts belonging to figures connected to the U.S. government with nary a peep from the victims or their banks. The claim that Foster and other U.S. figures have had offshore accounts has been confirmed by a separate high-ranking CIA source and another in the Department of Justice.   Various sources, some of them controversial, have contributed other pieces to this puzzle. Whatever their motivations, those sources have proven remarkably consistent. Their stories jibe well with known facts and offer a most plausible explanation for Foster's mysterious depression.
 It would also explain Washington's determined effort to dismiss the Foster affair as a tragic but simple suicide.
  Vince Foster a spy? Actually, it is much worse than that, if the CIA's suspicions are confirmed by the ongoing foreign counterintelligence probe.
 He would have been an invaluable double agent with potential access to not only high-level political information, but also to sensitive code, encryption and data transmission secrets, the stuff by which modern war is won or lost. That is because for many years, according to nine separate current and former U.S. law enforcement or intelligence officials, Foster had been a behind-the-scenes manager of a key support company in one of the biggest, most secretive spy efforts on record, the silent surveillance of banking transactions both here and abroad.
  This bank snooping effort began in earnest soon after Ronald Reagan became president in 1981. Its primary aim was to track the money behind international terrorist groups and soon came to be dubbed, "Follow the money", according to the originator of the program Norman A. Bailey. Now a private Washington consultant on international banking, Bailey was an economist and Reagan advisor on the National Security Counsel. It was Bailey's idea to begin using powerful new computer and electronic eavesdropping technologies then emerging to let the intelligence community monitor the previously confidential flow of bank wire transfers.
 This was no small task; more than $1 trillion a day moves through New York alone.
  Bailey, himself constrained by the National Security Act, claims he doesn't know exactly how the data was collected. But he confirms that within a few years (of 1981) The National Security Agency (NSA), the signals intelligence arm of the government, had begun vacuuming up mountains of data by listening in on bank wire traffic. It became a joint effort of several Western governments with the Israelis playing a leading role, since they were the main targets of terrorism.
  Other intelligence experts say the flow of bits and bytes was captured by various means; from simply tapping phone lines to implanting customized chips in bank computers to store up and periodically "burst-
transmit" data to a passing van, or low-flying "sig-int" or signals intelligence satellite. Another part of the problem was to get the world's banks to standardize their data so that it could be easily analyzed. And that brings up to PROMIS, a powerful tracking tracking software developed for the U.S. Government and then further enhanced by a little company called Inslaw Inc.
  PROMIS stands for Prosecutor's Management Information Systems and was designed to manage legal cases. In 1982, just as Bailey's follow-the-
money effort was gaining steam, the Reagan Justice Department eagerly snapped up Inslaw's newest version of PROMIS. But the government refused to pay the $6 million owed for it, claiming part of the contract was not fulfilled. Inslaw, forced into Chapter 11 reorganization, and nearly driven to quick liquidation by the government and its former partner AT&T,
 hotly denied that claim. Ultimately, a bankruptcy judge ruled the government stole the PROMIS software by "trickery, fraud and deceit."
  Why PROMIS? Because it was adaptable. Besides tracking legal cases, it could be easily customized to track anything from computer chip design to complex monetary transactions. It was especially useful for tracking criminals or just plain political dissidents. Inslaw claims the software was eventually illegally sold to as many as 50 countries for use by their police, military or intelligence agencies, including such bloody regimes as Guatemala, South Africa and Iraq (before the 1990 invasion of Kuwait). Profits on these sales, Inslaw claims, went mainly into the private pockets of Republican political cronies in the 1980s, including Reagan confident Barl Brain, former part-owner of UPI and FNN.
  Among the biggest profiteers on PROMIS, according to the 1992 book by former Israeli anti-terrorism staffer Ari Ben-Menaseche, was former British publisher Bob Maxwell. On behalf of the Israelis, Maxwell aggressively marketed a doctored version of PROMIS equipped with one or more "back doors" to allow an outsider to tap into the user's data base without leaving an audit trail. In fact, it may have been such rigged programs that allowed noted Israeli spy Jonathon Pollard, from his computer terminal at the Office of Naval Intelligence in Washington, to download vast amounts of top secret U.S. nuclear weapons and code data in the mid-1980s.
  According to a heavily-redacted New Mexico FBI counterintelligence report, Maxwell was apparently allowed to sell two copies of PROMIS back to the U.S. weapons labs at Sandia and Los Alamos, for what Inslaw claims was a hugely inflated price of $87 million. That would have allowed Pollard, if he was using the rigged program, to obtain U.S. missile targeting data long before Israel had its own satellite capability, thus making it a real nuclear threat to the Soviet Union. Pollard was convicted of espionage and sentenced in 1986 to life imprisonment. U.S. officials have vehemently opposed efforts to gain his early release.
  Maxwell, according to Ben-Menaseche and nine other sources, was also selling pirated versions of PROMIS to major world banks for use in their wire transfer rooms to track the blizzard of numbers, authorization codes and confirmations required on each wire transaction. Don't expect any banks to admit running PROMIS software. They probably now know it was pilfered. But they readily took it both because it was the best tracking software available at the time and because the U.S. government was tacitly leaning on them to go along with the surveillance effort or face regulatory reprisals or prosecution on money laundering charges. With the widespread adoption of PROMIS, the data became standardized and much easier to analyze by the NSA.
  It took some effort to install and support PROMIS in the banking industry. That's where Vince Foster came in. Sources say that since at least the late 1970s, Foster had been a silent, behind-the-scenes overseer on behalf of the NSA for a small Little Rock, Ark., bank data processing company. Its name was Systematics Inc., launched in 1967 and funded and controlled for most of its life by Arkansas billionaire Jackson Stephens, a 1946 Naval Academy graduate along with Jimmy Carter. Foster was one of Stephens' trusted deal makers at the Rose Law Firm, where he was partner with Hillary Rodham Clinton, Webster Hubbell and William Kennedy (whose father was a Systematics director). Hubbell also played an overseer role at Systematics for the NSA for some years according to intelligence sources.
  Systematics has had close ties to the NSA and CIA ever since its founding, sources say, as a money-shuffler for covert operations. It is no secret that there were billions of dollars moving around in "black" accounts - from buying and selling arms to the Contras, Iran, Iraq, Angola, and other countries to paying CIA operatives and laundering money from clandestine CIA drug dealing (such as Arkansas). Having taken over the computer rooms in scores of small U.S. banks as an "out-
sourced" supplier of data processing, Systematics was in a unique position to manage that covert money flow. Sources say the money was moved at the end of every day disguised as a routine bank-to-bank balancing transaction, out of view of bank regulators and even the banks themselves. In short, it became cyber-money.
  One man who uncovered the link between Systematics, Foster and covert money movements from arms and drugs was Bob Bickel, who was an undercover Customs investigator in the 1980s. "We found Systematics was often a conduit for the funds" in arms and drug transactions, says Bickel, now living in Texas: "They were the money changers." His story is corroborated by a former CIA employee who says it was well known within the agency in the late 1970s that Foster was involved with Systematics in covert money management.
  Another source is Michael Ricoposciuto, former research director of the covert arms operation at California's tiny Cabazon Indian Reservation in the early 1980s. Ricoposciuto claims his crew of computer programmers helped customize PROMIS there for banking and other uses. He is now serving 80 years in a South Carolina federal prison ostensibly on drug charges. Though maybe not a credible source on his own, his story fits well with other sources.
  Systematics' money-laundering role for the intelligence community might help explain why Jackson Stephens tried to take over Washington-based Financial General Bankshares in 1978 on behalf of Arab backers of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI). BCCI's links to global corruption and intelligence operations has been well documented, though many mysteries remain.
  According to a lawsuit filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, Stephens insisted on having then-tiny Systematics brought in to take over all of FGB's data processing. Representing Systematics in that 1978 SEC case: Hillary Rodham Clinton and Webster Hubbell. Stephens was blocked in that takeover. But FGB, later renamed First American, ultimately fell under the alleged domination of BCCI through Robert Altman and former Defense Secretary Clark Clifford. According to a technician who worked for First American in Atlanta, Systematics became a key computer contractor there anyway.
  In the 1980s, Systematics' business boomed. When it first sold stock to the public in 1983, revenues were $64 million. That had risen to $230 million by the time Stephens arranged Systematics' sale to Alltel Corp., a telephone holding company which then moved its headquarters to Little Rock. Last year, Systematics sales hit $861 million - a third of Alltel's total. Stephens now owns more than 8 percent of Alltel and wields significant influence over the company.
  When Bill Clinton was elected president in 1992, bringing Foster, Hubbell and Kennedy to the White House staff, Systematics' foreign bank business flourished. It began to announce a flood of data processing deals with major banks in Moscow, Maoso, Singapore, Malaysia, Pakistan, Trinidad and elsewhere. According to veteran bank software vendors, and computer intelligence specialist Wayne Madsen, co-author of a book about the NSA called "The Puzzle Palace", it is inconceivable any U.S. company could land such lucrative work without the intimate participation of the NSA. Domestic business took off as well, with giants like Citibank and Nations Bank signing big data processing deals.
  Working alongside Systematics in this spooky world of bank computer spying appears to be a cluster of other curious, loosely-affiliated companies. For instance, there is Boston Systematics, headed by former CIA officer Harry Wechsler, who controls two Israeli companies that also use the name Systematics. Wechsler denies any connection to the Arkansas company (now named Alltel Information Services) and claims to know nothing of PROMIS. Odd, then, that Inslaw claims it got two inquiries in 1987 from Wechter's Israeli company seeking marketing data on PROMIS.
  Many of the intelligence sources who provided information for this story insist that Boston Systematics and the Arkansas company are, in fact, related in some way. And based on his own source in the Justice Department, Inslaw's founder William A. Hamilton says he believes Boston Systematics was also closely linked with both Maxwell and Rafl Bitan, the former head of Israel's anti-terrorism effort. Hamilton says Bitan, using a false name, showed up at Inslaw's Washington, DC office one day in 1983 for a private demonstration of PROMIS.
  Another curious company is Arkansas Systems, founded in 1974 by Systematics employee and formerly U.S. Army "analyst" John Chamberlain, located just down the road from Systematics. Arkansas Systems specializes in computer systems for foreign wire transfer centers and central banks. Among its clients: Russia and China, according to Arkansas Systems president James K. Hendren, a physicist formerly involved with the Safeguard anti-missile system. Arkansas Systems was one of the first companies to receive funding from the Arkansas Development Finance Authority (ADFA), an agency created by Bill Clinton that is now coming under Congressional scrutiny.
  What does Alltel have to say about all of this? "I've never heard anything so asinine in all my life," steams Joe T. Ford, Alltel's chairman and the father of Jack Stephen's chief administrative aide.
  John Stouri, a former IBM executive who is chief executive of Alltel Information Services, says he had never heard of Boston Systematics before this inquiry. He declares that the Arkansas company does almost no work for the government, scoffs at the idea his company is tied to the NSA and says Foster has never had any connection to Systematics. As for the fact he sold half his 700,000 Alltel shares in February at $34, just before it began skidding to under $24, he says that was merely to pay for the exercise of options.
  Why is it then that Hamilton claims sources in two separate intelligence agencies say documents relating to Systematics were among those taken from Foster's office immediately after Foster's death? Indeed,
 a private investigator close to the continuing "Whitewater" probe by Independent Counsel Kenneth W. Starr says he has learned that Hubbell has delivered those documents - including papers related to Systematics - to Starr. Hubbell pleaded guilty last December to two felony counts related to over-billing at the Rose Law Firm and has been sentenced to 21 months in prison.
  If Foster knew the U.S. was spying on foreign banks, why would he let himself be caught red-handed with a Swiss bank account? The answer may be that the Israeli transactions were, in fact, well concealed, according to the veteran CIA source. And Foster would have known that, unless a prober knew exactly what to look for, finding his payoffs in the torrent of routine wire transfer data would be a hopeless task. Besides that, greed could explain a lot, if not Foster's then for whomever else he might have been playing bagman. The CIA source says Foster was not the only one in the White House under suspicion for peddling state secrets.
  All of which helps explain Foster's odd behavior before his death. He was a tough, smart trial attorney at the peak of power in Washington. Only 48 years old, he was in excellent health. Suddenly, according to the Fiske report, he couldn't sleep. He complained of heart palpitations and high blood pressure. His sister arranged for him to see a Washington psychiatrist, who later told the FBI he had been instructed not to take notes because Foster's depression was "directly related to highly sensitive and confidential matters" tied to his "top secret" government   Foster never saw a shrink. Instead, about a week before he died, he hired a lawyer: high-powered DC criminal attorney and political fix-it man James Hamilton. Foster's wife claims his reason was the White House Travel Office controversy, which was expected to lead to congressional   On the weekend of July 17 and 18, Foster drove with his wife to the eastern shore of Maryland to relax. By "coincidence", according to the Fiske report, so did Hubbell. They met at the posh estate of Michael Cardozo, head of Clinton's legal defense fund and son-in-law of prominent Democratic fund raiser Nathan Landau. Hubbell later claimed the weekend was a laid-back gathering of tennis and poolside chit-chat.
  But according to sources connected to the CIA, Justice Department and another intelligence agency, the meeting was under surveillance. The agenda? Heavy duty damage control. Foster was grilled. To whom else could the Swiss money be traced? How could the scandal be contained?
Sorry. File too long. Maybe someone else can post rest.

@_date: 1995-07-31 01:00:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Why Vince Foster Was Killed 
Newsgroups: alt.current-events.clinton.whitewater
James Norman is the Senior Editor for the highly respected FORBES magazine. Several months ago, he wrote an article about the death of Vince Foster, called "Fostergate."   This article was set to run and was pulled at the last minute by forces that are unknown at this time. You may recall a similar situation with the Washington Post spiking the Mena story at the last minute - despite their own lawyers clearing it to run. The Mena story ended up in this month's Penthouse magazine of all places. Fortunately Mr. Norman's article found a more respectable home - at Media Bypass!
  Media Bypass will feature this article in their August issue. I certainly owe them a little plug for posting this in advance. You may subscribe to it by calling 1-800-4-BYPASS.   The article is as follows:
by James R. Norman
"Was White House Deputy Counsel Vince Foster selling US secrets to Israel?
 The CIA suspects he was."
  TWO weeks before his death on July 20, 1993, White House Deputy Counsel Vincent W. Foster went into a deep funk. The official cause of death, given by former Independent Counsel Robert Fiske Jr. (who was later replaced by Kenneth Starr), was suicide driven by depression over, among other things, several newspaper editorials. But Vince Foster had a much bigger and darker reason to be seriously burned out. He had just learned he was under investigation for espionage.
  Outrageous? To say the least. But a lengthy investigation has located over a dozen sources with connections to the intelligence community who confirm a shocking story of money laundering and espionage connected to the highest levels of the White House. Without grants of immunity, the sources risk going to prison for violation of the National Security Act. Virtually all have demanded anonymity.
  According to a veteran Central Intelligence Agency operative close to the Foster investigation, Foster's first indication of trouble came when he inquired about his coded bank account at Banca Della Svizzera Italiana in Chiasso, Switzerland and found the account empty. Foster was shocked to learn from the bank that someone using his secret authorization code had withdrawn all $2.73 million he had stashed there and had moved it to, of all places, the U.S. Treasury.
  Then, according to credit card records reviewed by a private investigator who has revealed them, Foster canceled the two-day round-
trip TWA and Swiss Air plane tickets to Geneva he had purchased on his American Express card through the White House travel office on July 1.   Discretely he began asking what was afoot, says the CIA source, confirming that someone in the White House tipped him off. It was bad news. The CIA had Foster under serious investigation for leaking high-
security secrets to the State of Israel.
  For months, a small cadre of CIA computer hackers known as the Fifth Column, armed with a Cray supercomputer, had been monitoring Foster's Swiss account. They had located it by tracking money flows from various Israeli government accounts after finding Foster's name while secretly snooping through the electronic files of Israel's Mossad. Then by snooping through the bank files, they gathered all the information needed to withdraw the money.   Foster was just one of the first of scores of high level U.S. political figures to thus have their secret Swiss accounts looted of illicit funds, according to both this veteran CIA source and a separate source in another intelligence agency. Over the past two years, they say, more than $2 billion has been swept out of offshore bank accounts belonging to figures connected to the U.S. government with nary a peep from the victims or their banks. The claim that Foster and other U.S. figures have had offshore accounts has been confirmed by a separate high-ranking CIA source and another in the Department of Justice.   Various sources, some of them controversial, have contributed other pieces to this puzzle. Whatever their motivations, those sources have proven remarkably consistent. Their stories jibe well with known facts and offer a most plausible explanation for Foster's mysterious depression.
 It would also explain Washington's determined effort to dismiss the Foster affair as a tragic but simple suicide.
  Vince Foster a spy? Actually, it is much worse than that, if the CIA's suspicions are confirmed by the ongoing foreign counterintelligence probe.
 He would have been an invaluable double agent with potential access to not only high-level political information, but also to sensitive code, encryption and data transmission secrets, the stuff by which modern war is won or lost. That is because for many years, according to nine separate current and former U.S. law enforcement or intelligence officials, Foster had been a behind-the-scenes manager of a key support company in one of the biggest, most secretive spy efforts on record, the silent surveillance of banking transactions both here and abroad.
  This bank snooping effort began in earnest soon after Ronald Reagan became president in 1981. Its primary aim was to track the money behind international terrorist groups and soon came to be dubbed, "Follow the money", according to the originator of the program Norman A. Bailey. Now a private Washington consultant on international banking, Bailey was an economist and Reagan advisor on the National Security Counsel. It was Bailey's idea to begin using powerful new computer and electronic eavesdropping technologies then emerging to let the intelligence community monitor the previously confidential flow of bank wire transfers.
 This was no small task; more than $1 trillion a day moves through New York alone.
  Bailey, himself constrained by the National Security Act, claims he doesn't know exactly how the data was collected. But he confirms that within a few years (of 1981) The National Security Agency (NSA), the signals intelligence arm of the government, had begun vacuuming up mountains of data by listening in on bank wire traffic. It became a joint effort of several Western governments with the Israelis playing a leading role, since they were the main targets of terrorism.
  Other intelligence experts say the flow of bits and bytes was captured by various means; from simply tapping phone lines to implanting customized chips in bank computers to store up and periodically "burst-
transmit" data to a passing van, or low-flying "sig-int" or signals intelligence satellite. Another part of the problem was to get the world's banks to standardize their data so that it could be easily analyzed. And that brings up to PROMIS, a powerful tracking tracking software developed for the U.S. Government and then further enhanced by a little company called Inslaw Inc.
  PROMIS stands for Prosecutor's Management Information Systems and was designed to manage legal cases. In 1982, just as Bailey's follow-the-
money effort was gaining steam, the Reagan Justice Department eagerly snapped up Inslaw's newest version of PROMIS. But the government refused to pay the $6 million owed for it, claiming part of the contract was not fulfilled. Inslaw, forced into Chapter 11 reorganization, and nearly driven to quick liquidation by the government and its former partner AT&T,
 hotly denied that claim. Ultimately, a bankruptcy judge ruled the government stole the PROMIS software by "trickery, fraud and deceit."
  Why PROMIS? Because it was adaptable. Besides tracking legal cases, it could be easily customized to track anything from computer chip design to complex monetary transactions. It was especially useful for tracking criminals or just plain political dissidents. Inslaw claims the software was eventually illegally sold to as many as 50 countries for use by their police, military or intelligence agencies, including such bloody regimes as Guatemala, South Africa and Iraq (before the 1990 invasion of Kuwait). Profits on these sales, Inslaw claims, went mainly into the private pockets of Republican political cronies in the 1980s, including Reagan confident Barl Brain, former part-owner of UPI and FNN.
  Among the biggest profiteers on PROMIS, according to the 1992 book by former Israeli anti-terrorism staffer Ari Ben-Menaseche, was former British publisher Bob Maxwell. On behalf of the Israelis, Maxwell aggressively marketed a doctored version of PROMIS equipped with one or more "back doors" to allow an outsider to tap into the user's data base without leaving an audit trail. In fact, it may have been such rigged programs that allowed noted Israeli spy Jonathon Pollard, from his computer terminal at the Office of Naval Intelligence in Washington, to download vast amounts of top secret U.S. nuclear weapons and code data in the mid-1980s.
  According to a heavily-redacted New Mexico FBI counterintelligence report, Maxwell was apparently allowed to sell two copies of PROMIS back to the U.S. weapons labs at Sandia and Los Alamos, for what Inslaw claims was a hugely inflated price of $87 million. That would have allowed Pollard, if he was using the rigged program, to obtain U.S. missile targeting data long before Israel had its own satellite capability, thus making it a real nuclear threat to the Soviet Union. Pollard was convicted of espionage and sentenced in 1986 to life imprisonment. U.S. officials have vehemently opposed efforts to gain his early release.
  Maxwell, according to Ben-Menaseche and nine other sources, was also selling pirated versions of PROMIS to major world banks for use in their wire transfer rooms to track the blizzard of numbers, authorization codes and confirmations required on each wire transaction. Don't expect any banks to admit running PROMIS software. They probably now know it was pilfered. But they readily took it both because it was the best tracking software available at the time and because the U.S. government was tacitly leaning on them to go along with the surveillance effort or face regulatory reprisals or prosecution on money laundering charges. With the widespread adoption of PROMIS, the data became standardized and much easier to analyze by the NSA.
  It took some effort to install and support PROMIS in the banking industry. That's where Vince Foster came in. Sources say that since at least the late 1970s, Foster had been a silent, behind-the-scenes overseer on behalf of the NSA for a small Little Rock, Ark., bank data processing company. Its name was Systematics Inc., launched in 1967 and funded and controlled for most of its life by Arkansas billionaire Jackson Stephens, a 1946 Naval Academy graduate along with Jimmy Carter. Foster was one of Stephens' trusted deal makers at the Rose Law Firm, where he was partner with Hillary Rodham Clinton, Webster Hubbell and William Kennedy (whose father was a Systematics director). Hubbell also played an overseer role at Systematics for the NSA for some years according to intelligence sources.
  Systematics has had close ties to the NSA and CIA ever since its founding, sources say, as a money-shuffler for covert operations. It is no secret that there were billions of dollars moving around in "black" accounts - from buying and selling arms to the Contras, Iran, Iraq, Angola, and other countries to paying CIA operatives and laundering money from clandestine CIA drug dealing (such as Arkansas). Having taken over the computer rooms in scores of small U.S. banks as an "out-
sourced" supplier of data processing, Systematics was in a unique position to manage that covert money flow. Sources say the money was moved at the end of every day disguised as a routine bank-to-bank balancing transaction, out of view of bank regulators and even the banks themselves. In short, it became cyber-money.
  One man who uncovered the link between Systematics, Foster and covert money movements from arms and drugs was Bob Bickel, who was an undercover Customs investigator in the 1980s. "We found Systematics was often a conduit for the funds" in arms and drug transactions, says Bickel, now living in Texas: "They were the money changers." His story is corroborated by a former CIA employee who says it was well known within the agency in the late 1970s that Foster was involved with Systematics in covert money management.
  Another source is Michael Ricoposciuto, former research director of the covert arms operation at California's tiny Cabazon Indian Reservation in the early 1980s. Ricoposciuto claims his crew of computer programmers helped customize PROMIS there for banking and other uses. He is now serving 80 years in a South Carolina federal prison ostensibly on drug charges. Though maybe not a credible source on his own, his story fits well with other sources.
  Systematics' money-laundering role for the intelligence community might help explain why Jackson Stephens tried to take over Washington-based Financial General Bankshares in 1978 on behalf of Arab backers of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI). BCCI's links to global corruption and intelligence operations has been well documented, though many mysteries remain.
  According to a lawsuit filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission, Stephens insisted on having then-tiny Systematics brought in to take over all of FGB's data processing. Representing Systematics in that 1978 SEC case: Hillary Rodham Clinton and Webster Hubbell. Stephens was blocked in that takeover. But FGB, later renamed First American, ultimately fell under the alleged domination of BCCI through Robert Altman and former Defense Secretary Clark Clifford. According to a technician who worked for First American in Atlanta, Systematics became a key computer contractor there anyway.
  In the 1980s, Systematics' business boomed. When it first sold stock to the public in 1983, revenues were $64 million. That had risen to $230 million by the time Stephens arranged Systematics' sale to Alltel Corp., a telephone holding company which then moved its headquarters to Little Rock. Last year, Systematics sales hit $861 million - a third of Alltel's total. Stephens now owns more than 8 percent of Alltel and wields significant influence over the company.
  When Bill Clinton was elected president in 1992, bringing Foster, Hubbell and Kennedy to the White House staff, Systematics' foreign bank business flourished. It began to announce a flood of data processing deals with major banks in Moscow, Maoso, Singapore, Malaysia, Pakistan, Trinidad and elsewhere. According to veteran bank software vendors, and computer intelligence specialist Wayne Madsen, co-author of a book about the NSA called "The Puzzle Palace", it is inconceivable any U.S. company could land such lucrative work without the intimate participation of the NSA. Domestic business took off as well, with giants like Citibank and Nations Bank signing big data processing deals.
  Working alongside Systematics in this spooky world of bank computer spying appears to be a cluster of other curious, loosely-affiliated companies. For instance, there is Boston Systematics, headed by former CIA officer Harry Wechsler, who controls two Israeli companies that also use the name Systematics. Wechsler denies any connection to the Arkansas company (now named Alltel Information Services) and claims to know nothing of PROMIS. Odd, then, that Inslaw claims it got two inquiries in 1987 from Wechter's Israeli company seeking marketing data on PROMIS.
  Many of the intelligence sources who provided information for this story insist that Boston Systematics and the Arkansas company are, in fact, related in some way. And based on his own source in the Justice Department, Inslaw's founder William A. Hamilton says he believes Boston Systematics was also closely linked with both Maxwell and Rafl Bitan, the former head of Israel's anti-terrorism effort. Hamilton says Bitan, using a false name, showed up at Inslaw's Washington, DC office one day in 1983 for a private demonstration of PROMIS.
  Another curious company is Arkansas Systems, founded in 1974 by Systematics employee and formerly U.S. Army "analyst" John Chamberlain, located just down the road from Systematics. Arkansas Systems specializes in computer systems for foreign wire transfer centers and central banks. Among its clients: Russia and China, according to Arkansas Systems president James K. Hendren, a physicist formerly involved with the Safeguard anti-missile system. Arkansas Systems was one of the first companies to receive funding from the Arkansas Development Finance Authority (ADFA), an agency created by Bill Clinton that is now coming under Congressional scrutiny.
  What does Alltel have to say about all of this? "I've never heard anything so asinine in all my life," steams Joe T. Ford, Alltel's chairman and the father of Jack Stephen's chief administrative aide.
  John Stouri, a former IBM executive who is chief executive of Alltel Information Services, says he had never heard of Boston Systematics before this inquiry. He declares that the Arkansas company does almost no work for the government, scoffs at the idea his company is tied to the NSA and says Foster has never had any connection to Systematics. As for the fact he sold half his 700,000 Alltel shares in February at $34, just before it began skidding to under $24, he says that was merely to pay for the exercise of options.
  Why is it then that Hamilton claims sources in two separate intelligence agencies say documents relating to Systematics were among those taken from Foster's office immediately after Foster's death? Indeed,
 a private investigator close to the continuing "Whitewater" probe by Independent Counsel Kenneth W. Starr says he has learned that Hubbell has delivered those documents - including papers related to Systematics - to Starr. Hubbell pleaded guilty last December to two felony counts related to over-billing at the Rose Law Firm and has been sentenced to 21 months in prison.
  If Foster knew the U.S. was spying on foreign banks, why would he let himself be caught red-handed with a Swiss bank account? The answer may be that the Israeli transactions were, in fact, well concealed, according to the veteran CIA source. And Foster would have known that, unless a prober knew exactly what to look for, finding his payoffs in the torrent of routine wire transfer data would be a hopeless task. Besides that, greed could explain a lot, if not Foster's then for whomever else he might have been playing bagman. The CIA source says Foster was not the only one in the White House under suspicion for peddling state secrets.
  All of which helps explain Foster's odd behavior before his death. He was a tough, smart trial attorney at the peak of power in Washington. Only 48 years old, he was in excellent health. Suddenly, according to the Fiske report, he couldn't sleep. He complained of heart palpitations and high blood pressure. His sister arranged for him to see a Washington psychiatrist, who later told the FBI he had been instructed not to take notes because Foster's depression was "directly related to highly sensitive and confidential matters" tied to his "top secret" government   Foster never saw a shrink. Instead, about a week before he died, he hired a lawyer: high-powered DC criminal attorney and political fix-it man James Hamilton. Foster's wife claims his reason was the White House Travel Office controversy, which was expected to lead to congressional   On the weekend of July 17 and 18, Foster drove with his wife to the eastern shore of Maryland to relax. By "coincidence", according to the Fiske report, so did Hubbell. They met at the posh estate of Michael Cardozo, head of Clinton's legal defense fund and son-in-law of prominent Democratic fund raiser Nathan Landau. Hubbell later claimed the weekend was a laid-back gathering of tennis and poolside chit-chat.
  But according to sources connected to the CIA, Justice Department and another intelligence agency, the meeting was under surveillance. The agenda? Heavy duty damage control. Foster was grilled. To whom else could the Swiss money be traced? How could the scandal be contained?
Sorry. File too long. Maybe someone else can post rest.

@_date: 1995-11-01 23:30:55
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I see our media friends are just as clueful as ever .... graphics Internet interface ??  Thats almost as bad as saying "Come visit our Internet Site" when they mean Web site !!

@_date: 1995-11-03 03:41:37
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New release of CFS... 
That's 1.3, not 1.3.1.  What are the changes in the new version?

@_date: 1995-11-05 03:09:06
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: The Crypto Applications we would rather not talk about 
Anonymous remailer and PGP
     Unusual applications
I dont know if anyone else caught it last year
but High Times discovered anonymous remailers
and PGP for an article last year for
anonymous remote control of grow rooms.
PGP Wins again?
and lately the thule people(bigoted and racist Nazis)
have been learning to protect themselves also
according to news reports from germany.
Crypto and Privacy tools protect everyone
from the hero to the anti-hero...
   the technology itself is neutral
I wonder how long it will be before we hear news reports
of some of the governments people being caught using
internet casinos from the white house network.
On other notes CCCF(the chaos computer club France)
was shown to have had a high level plant from
the french intel services, The founder of the CCCF
   this story seems to repeat itself over and over
when you are doing something of which the authorities DONT
approve they WILL attempt to infiltrate and subvert from the
inside.     The answers are there and have been published
in most books on tradecraft, 3 person cells organized
as pyramids. Anonymous remail tech and crypto
make this system possible with out Face to face contact.
When does this lesson finally get learned?
    anon

@_date: 1995-11-14 08:57:48
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Admissions Test 
Due to the large number of new subscribers, cryptogroupies, journalists, and
conspiracy freaks currently posting to Cypherpunks, it has become necessary
to restrict posting privileges on the list.  If you are contemplating a
post to cypherpunks at toad.com, please take the following test FIRST to
determine if your knowledge of cryptography and cypherpunk methodology is
sufficient to allow your participation.
Simply pick the BEST answer to EACH question.  Scoring information is
provided at the end of the test.
1)  The "Cyphernomicon" is:
2)  N.S.A stands for:
3)  If I wanted to keep my kid sister from reading my love letters, I'd:
            of my system, and then ...
4)  A good source of random numbers is:
5)  "Mod" stands for:
6)   A "Certificate of Authority" is:
7)  If Alice wants to send Bob her credit card number over the Internet,
    she should:
8)  If Mallet (RIP) needs to get Alice's password, he should:
9)  The cypherpunk motto, "Cypherpunks write code", means:
10)  On the cypherpunk list, the main medium of exchange is:
11)  A 'hash' is:
12)  The 'munitions' T-shirt is:
13)  ITAR, BTW, is:
14)  Blowfish is:
15)  Steganography is:
16)  If you see a "MAKE MONEY FAST - HERE'S HOW" message, you should:
17)  A 'prime number' is:
18)  The biggest problem with Chaum's e-cash is:
19)  If a company releases a crypto product but refuses to release the
     underlying algorithms in order to protect it from attack, it's called:
20)  A good example of a "nym" is:
To score your test, simply give yourself 4 points for each a) response, 3 points for each b), 2 points for each c), and 1 point for each d).
Now add up your point total.  If your score is:
<20 	CLUE-REPELLANT  Try adding up your score again, and this time take
20-39	CLUELESS NEWBIE  Read Tim May's "Cyphernomicon", Bruce Schneier's
40-59   YOU'RE READY  Go ahead and make your first post.  Of course, your
60-79	OLD-TIMER  You've obviously been on the list awhile, so keep on
80	C'mon, Perry, why are you wasting your time on this crap?
Just e-mail this test, and your score, to:
ldetweiler at tentacles.r.us.org
You should be receiving your Cypherpunks Encoder Ring (tm) via e-mail within
three business days.

@_date: 1995-11-21 04:45:51
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Spam the Sign! 
Netscape has a cute little Times Square scrolling sign in their engineering
dept. - you can leave a message for all to see at:
Drop by and ask Jeff where his tail is these days. };->

@_date: 1995-11-22 03:48:00
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: toolkits? 
No, *I* am the real Alice, and *I* refuse to use PGP signing.
Alice de 'nonymous ...
P.S.  This post is in the public domain.
                  C.  S.  U.  M.  O.  C.  L.  U.  N.  E.

@_date: 1995-11-29 04:37:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: NOISE: kidporn (was Re: crypto for porno users) 
i have some nude pics i took of myself when i was twelve.
i don't *feel* victimized.  maybe i was victimized but didn't know it?
PS.  is it a crime for me to keep these pics?
if the cops find them in my locker, will i get busted?
what happens if i give them to someone? is that a crime?

@_date: 1995-11-30 09:09:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Elliptic curves, patent status? 
Especially considering that they might lose the patents in a court case
next month.

@_date: 1995-12-01 02:21:52
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Spam the Sign II 
Looks like Spam the Sign I was a little premature.

@_date: 1995-10-11 01:55:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: MITM evasionMITM evasion 
Two years ago, I pointed out that getting a single message past
the man in the middle isn't good enough; you have to convince your
readers that the key they received on one channel is more accurate
than the key they're receiving on all the other channels.
But if they'll believe that, they may also believe the man in the middle's
announcement that the key in your name on all the keyservers is
wrong, and the correct key is the one he's putting out.
Can't win either way, but it's still important to get the key out.
My current key is 0x54696D4D; the fingerprint is 4D 65 44 75 53 61 21 2F   41 73 55 64 85 6D 21 7F.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at sensemedia.net   | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-728-0152           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Corralitos, CA         | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^756839 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1995-10-17 20:15:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PINs 
What if You had Two PINs ???
And One Works and One Sounds a Silent Alarm .
Then If You are Forced to give your PIN ,You give Them your Second PIN and They get Caught !!!!!!

@_date: 1995-10-23 15:24:02
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Encrypted TCP Tunneler 
You are aware that Bidzos is full of shit?
Roger Schafly (sp?) addresses this issue in his lawsuit.  Hopefully this will be resolved soon.  The only problem is that Bidzo has made this claim on patents in other countries, not just USA, so he'd probably have to be sued throughout Europe also...  He sure does do a good job of making himself a pain in the ass even when he knows he's wrong.
Anyway, you could use ElGamal signatures instead, it is not patented.
The D-H and H-M patents do not cover digital signatures.

@_date: 1995-10-24 00:50:17
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Hack DigiCash: Payee Anonymity 
Well, Sameer is offering a "Hack DigiCash" promotion, in the same spirit as
the hack Netscape and Microsoft offer.  However, Chaum is a fairly
experienced cryptographer, and I doubt that there are any major security
flaws in the system.  The trial version used RSAREF, so that code at least
was open for your inspection.  There is still the possibility of bugs
creeping in when porting to different platforms tho...
I think the most interesting hack to pursue is to eliminate the
payee-nonanonymity problem.  The current software uses the following
The  <--(blinding)--- Client
Bank --(unblinding)-> Client --> Merchant(non-anonymous) --> deposit in bank
The client is anonymous to the bank because of the blinding.  What we want
is for the client to be able to pay someone money, and have the recipient
be able to spend the money anonymously.  That is, there must be blinding
between the payer and the payee:
The  <--(blinding)--- payer <--(blinding)--- payee
Bank --(unblinding)-> payer --(unblinding)-> payee --> payee spends money
The payee generates some digital coins, blinds them, and sends them to the
payer.  The payer then makes a withdrawl from his bank account, blinds the
coins again (or not, it really doesn't matter) and sends them to the bank. The bank signs them, and returns them to the payer.  The payer removes his
blinding (if any) and sends them to the payee.  The payee unblinds the
coins and spends them at his leisure.  Privacy for all involved.

@_date: 1995-10-24 07:30:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Bankers Trust Frand Story 
Bankers Trust is one of the companies that are pushing
strongly for CKE and want to be one of the keyholders.
They have hired Stu Baker (Fmr NSA General Council), Nanette DiTosto from the International Chamber of Commerce and Ernie Brickell from Sandia Labs.
The tapes reveal a variety of fraudlent behavior by BT's employees who brag about fucking their clients. Who wants to give their keys to them?
Business Week: October 16, 1995
Department: Cover Story
THE BANKERS TRUST TAPES
In just-released court papers, Procter & Gamble lays out racketeering charges against Bankers Trust. The key evidence: Some 6,500 tape recordings
It's Nov. 2, 1993, and two employees of Bankers Trust Co. are discussing a leveraged derivative deal the bank had recently sold to Procter & Gamble Co. ``They would never know. They would never be able to know how much money was taken out of that,'' says one employee, referring to the huge profits the bank stood to make on the transaction. ``Never, no way, no way,'' replies her colleague. ``That's the beauty of Bankers Trust.''    That dialogue was automatically picked up by a Bankers Trust recording system--similar to those at other financial institutions--that routinely tapes conversations involving transactions, mainly to settle disputes over trades. It is part of a mountain of evidence--6,500 tapes, as well as 300,000 pages of written material--that forms the basis of a major legal assault by P&G against the bank. P&G contends that the 1993 conversation is just one of many showing that Bankers Trust deliberately misled and deceived P&G, keeping the company in the dark about key aspects of the derivatives the bank was selling.
   Once one of the most powerful, profitable, and aggressive banks in the world, Bankers Trust has been humbled over the past 18 months by a series of debacles in its core derivatives business, with numerous clients of the bank sustaining large losses. P&G took a $102 million aftertax charge for losses on Bankers' derivatives, perhaps the largest of any of its customers. Several other clients have also sued the bank for losses. And the Securities & Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York have all investigated Bankers' derivatives sales practices and reprimanded or censured the bank.
   Procter & Gamble's fight with Bankers Trust is now taking a new and far more ominous turn for the bank. On Sept. 1, P&G filed a motion with the U.S. District Court in the Western Division of the Southern District of Ohio to add RICO (racketeer-influenced and corrupt organization) charges to its list of allegations against the New York bank and its affiliate, BT Securities Corp. Supporting documents, which contain numerous excerpts of conversations by the bank's employees, were sealed until Oct. 3. On the same day, district court judge John Feikens approved the P&G RICO motion.
   Some portions of the tapes, mainly concerning Gibson Greetings, a Bankers Trust client, became public last year. But the newly released portions, some of which are potentially incriminating, are much more extensive. They focus on eight Bankers customers besides P&G. The alleged losses of three of them--Sandoz, Sequa, and Jefferson Smurfit--had not been previously detailed. Other alleged victims in the amended complaint are Gibson Greetings, Equity Group Holdings, Adimitra Rayapratama, Air Products & Chemicals, and Federal Paper Board (table, page 111).
``BLACKMAIL.'' P&G uses evidence of alleged wrongdoing against these clients to buttress the racketeering charges, which require a showing of broad, systemic fraud. Asserts the P&G filing: ``It is now apparent that Defendants' treatment of P&G was not an isolated incident or a `garden-variety fraud,' but rather part of a pattern of mail, wire, and securities fraud spanning a number of years and involving multiple victims.''    In a 400-page filing opposing P&G's claims, Bankers says that ``P&G plainly has proposed adding civil RICO claims at this late date for their in terrorem effect; laymen would call it blackmail.'' The bank says further that ``The real impetus for these charges is P&G's hope that legitimate criticism of decisions by P&G's senior management and Treasury Dept. staff will be lost at trial in a sea of accusations about customers other than P&G, and that Bankers Trust can be vilified by the sheer number of P&G's accusations.'' In a statement released after P&G's documents were unsealed, Bankers said that ``What P&G has done is to use material we provided to manufacture a distorted view of transactions, markets, individuals, and the corporation in a manner designed to serve its own objectives and to obscure P&G's own accountability.'' BW attempted to solicit comments from Bankers Trust's directors, but they either refused, referred calls to the bank, or could not be reached.
   P&G provides a detailed case for its side. To substantiate its claim that a ``culture of greed and duplicity'' was an element of the general climate in parts of Bankers' derivatives business, P&G cites a videotaped training session for new employees. At the session, a bank employee tells his charges that, in a hypothetical derivative transaction among Sony, IBM, and Bankers Trust, ``what Bankers Trust can do for Sony and IBM is get in the middle and rip them off--take a little money.'' The employee then adds: ``Let me take that back. I just realized that I'm being filmed.'' A Bankers spokesman played six minutes of the videotape of the session for BW, which the bank says lends support to the bank's contention that the employee's comment was ``a very poor attempt at humor, but nothing more,'' in an ``otherwise dull presentation'' and that the comment was taken out of context.
   According to P&G: ``Fraud was so pervasive and institutionalized that Bankers Trust employees used the acronym `ROF'--short for rip-off factor, to describe one method of fleecing clients.'' An internal document about a proposed derivative for Federal Paper Board allegedly says that Bankers would make $1.6 million on the deal, including a ``7 [basis point] rip-off factor.'' In a different instance, two Bankers employees are discussing a client's loss on a trade. One then tells the other: ``Pad the number a little bit.'' P&G quotes another Bankers Trust employee saying to a colleague: ``Funny business, you know? Lure people into that calm and then just totally f--- 'em.''    In responding to conversations by Bankers Trust employees quoted in this story, a bank spokesman says that ``the stupid and crude comments between Bankers Trust employees on these tapes were the basis for our disciplinary actions against these individuals last year.'' A number of the employees quoted in the documents have left Bankers, been disciplined, or been reassigned.
UPPING THE ANTE. John E. Pepper, P&G's new CEO, will not comment on the Bankers situation. But the racketeering charge shows he is maintaining the company's well-known aggressive legal posture. A P&G spokeswoman says: ``We've reviewed hundreds of recorded telephone conversations and thousands of documents through discovery and believe the RICO claim was appropriate. We plan to proceed with the case.'' The company further claims that it expects to uncover additional evidence.
    In its filings, P&G details three primary schemes Bankers allegedly used to defraud its clients. It says the bank fraudulently induced clients to buy complex derivatives, misrepresented the contracts' value, and then induced clients to buy additional complex derivatives, either for further ``alleged gains'' or to stanch losses. It quotes one banker describing a client's portfolio as being in total disarray: ``If this ever comes out in the press, it is the most insane mess of trading I've ever, ever seen...they just kept trying to trade them out of losses...Everything they put in [the client's account] lost.'' `` P&G has...manufacture[d] a distorted view of transactions, markets, individuals, and the corporation . . . to serve its own objectives and to obscure P&G's own accountability ''
 --     BANKERS TRUST PRESS RELEASE
   The new charges, which claim $195.5 million in damages, could prove extremely embarrassing to the bank--or worse. Any company found guilty of civil RICO charges must pay treble damages and plaintiffs' legal costs. Such an outcome could push Bankers to settle the suit regardless of its culpability. ``It ups the ante,'' says attorney Robert Plotkin of Paul, Hastings, Janofsky & Walker in Washington. In addition, clients could become unsettled by the appearance of a corrupt culture, and senior management could come under even more pressure.
   Much of the dispute between Bankers Trust and its clients that suffered losses may depend on whether the clients were simply naive and should have known what they were getting into or whether Bankers Trust deliberately deceived them. P&G strongly argues the latter.
   On Jan. 20, 1993, P&G had no inkling that its relationship with Bankers would ever deteriorate so badly. That's when it set up a broad agreement with the bank for derivatives contracts. One goal was to lower the rate at which P&G would borrow money. Derivatives are contracts in which companies make payments to each other tied to some underlying asset. The value of the payments--and thus the contract--is derived from those assets. Besides lowering financing costs, buyers may use derivatives to manage risk or speculate on interest and currency rates.
   P&G seemed to be an active and sophisticated player in the financial markets: It had $5 billion in long-term debt outstanding, and it carefully managed its financing costs. In court filings, Bankers describes P&G as ``sophisticated, experienced, and knowledgeable about the use of interest-rate derivative contracts and the risks presented by those contracts.'' The bank adds: ``Although P&G would like this court to believe that it is a naive and unsophisticated user of derivatives transactions, the fact is that as part of its regular course of business and with authorization from top management...P&G's Treasury Department managed a large and sophisticated portfolio of derivative transactions.'' P&G, the bank says, was a party to derivatives tied to assets with a value of more than $6 billion as of June, 1993.
   In its memorandum opposing P&G's motion, Bankers presents documents, including handwritten notes apparently by Edwin Artzt, P&G's chief executive officer at the time, that suggest the Cincinnati company was knowingly stepping up the riskiness of its financing activities when it entered into the disputed transactions with Bankers. P&G says the note does not apply to debt management or to the transactions in the litigation.
   On Nov. 2, 1993, P&G agreed to an offer from Bankers Trust to buy a leveraged derivative product. Leveraged derivatives are a particularly complex type of derivative, and their value can fluctuate to an even greater degree than ordinary, plain-vanilla derivatives. The contract called for P&G to make variable-rate payments to Bankers, with the rate to be set over the next several months.
   It is not clear whether P&G knew what the cost of getting out of the contract might be, and P&G has since acknowledged that its internal procedures were not followed when it agreed to this derivative. The company also ultimately reassigned two employees involved with the derivatives, and its treasurer, Raymond D. Mains, who later elected to retire early. Mains declined to comment. But at the time, the company believed it might get interest costs below what they would have been otherwise.
   The derivative seemed to work fine at first. Indeed, P&G was sufficiently satisfied to agree to a second leveraged derivative contract on Feb. 14, 1994. But P&G began encountering serious problems almost immediately. On Feb. 4, interest rates had begun rising after more than three years of near-continuous decline. The higher rates sharply pushed up P&G's payments to Bankers under the terms of the complex derivatives.
``IRRESPONSIBLE AND REGRETTABLE.'' On Feb. 22, P&G claims, Bankers told the company that at that day's rate, P&G stood to pay Bankers an increased interest rate of 4.5 percentage points above the commercial-paper rate on its Nov. 2 derivative, bringing its extra financing costs to over $40 million. P&G says its officials were alarmed by the unexpectedly large amount. They charge that when they asked Bankers for an explanation, they learned that the bank was using a proprietary model to figure the costs. Bankers, P&G's complaint says, ``stated that P&G was bound by a pricing model which [Bankers] did not disclose to the very party that it asserted was bound by such model.''
`` What Bankers Trust can do for Sony and IBM is get in the middle and rip them off-take a little money....Let me take that back, I just realized I'm being filmed ''
 --     P&G COURT FILING THAT ALLEGEDLY REFLECTS WHAT WAS SAID AT A BANKERS TRUST VIDEOTAPED TRAINING SESSION
   Bankers Trust's court filings include a transcript of an October, 1993, conversation between Bankers and P&G in which Bankers apparently shows a P&G treasury employee how to calculate its rate on the Nov. 2 derivative. Bankers says this transcript demonstrates that P&G clearly knew how its derivative would perform. The bank also cites file memos from three P&G employees that it says indicate that P&G was made aware of the rising rates on its Nov. 2 derivative in early or mid-February, 1994. As for the Feb. 14 derivative, Bankers presents as evidence notes by P&G's chief financial officer, Erik Nelson, that it says show that he did not feel P&G was misled on that derivative's terms.
   P&G, however, claims that those notes were written before the company learned all it now knows about that derivative. And it says Bankers employees were clearly and almost continuously trying to deceive it from the day the derivative contract was initiated. P&G cites a taped conversation between Bankers employees about the Nov. 2 P&G contract where one asks: ``Do they [P&G] understand that? What they did?'' The other replies: ``No. They understand what they did but they don't understand the leverage, no.'' The first employee then responds: ``But I mean...how much do you tell them. What is your obligation to them?'' The second employee answers: ``To tell them if it goes wrong, what does it mean in a payout formula...''    Bankers employees were often gleeful at the big profits they were booking, according to P&G. The second employee quoted above says P&G undertook an option trade as part of a derivatives contract, and Bankers paid P&G only half what that option was worth. The employee allegedly remarks: ``This could be a massive huge future gravy train.'' He also allegedly discussed how significant one of P&G's contracts had been for Bankers, saying, ``This is a wet dream.'' In April, P&G claims, Bankers Trust gave the company charts showing that it would have had to pay a penalty to get out of its Nov. 2 contract almost from Day One. According to P&G's documents, one Bankers salesman, discussing P&G's agreement to enter into the Nov. 2 contract, said ``we set 'em up.'' P&G claims that, unbeknownst to the company at the time, there were periods when Bankers' model calculated that P&G's potential penalty payment to exit the derivative was rising even when interest rates were falling.
   P&G claims that around that time, some Bankers employees were themselves worrying about the suitability of their activities. It cites a March, 1994, conversation between two employees where one said he had ``fears of SEC probes.'' ``This wave was always...made up of polluted water,'' one says. The other recalls telling a colleague that ``as soon as we quit selling dynamite, maybe we'll have a good business.''
   P&G ultimately locked in interest rates on both of the leveraged derivatives in dispute. But it alleges that by the time it finished doing so, in April, 1994, its financing costs stood to be some $195.5 million higher than they should have been. That same month, P&G said: ``We are seriously considering our legal options relative to Bankers Trust.''    In a statement, Bankers concedes that some of the taped conversations ``were irresponsible and regrettable.'' But it says the remarks fall short of proving the deception P&G alleges. Instead, it produces evidence in court filings that P&G's top executives blamed their own personnel for the investment blunders. ``Rather than putting its own house in order, and accepting its losses, P&G chose instead to bring this lawsuit.''
`` Fraud was so pervasive...that Bankers Trust employees used the acronym ROF-short for rip-off factor, to describe one method of fleecing clients ''
 -- P&G COURT FILING
   P&G is also making serious fraud claims about Bankers' dealing with other clients. Several of the alleged victims have already gone public with their derivatives grievances. Gibson Greetings has settled a lawsuit with Bankers, as has Equity Group Holdings. Adimitra Rayapratama also sued, claiming RICO violations, although a ruling dismissing its suit on jurisdictional grounds is under appeal. And Federal Paper Board has settled with Bankers. Bankers Trust says in court filings that it needs much more information before it can refute P&G's allegations about other companies.
   The P&G filing provides new information about three Bankers Trust clients whose relationship with the bank has not been previously detailed. In the case of Sandoz Corp., P&G claims that Sandoz entered into a leveraged derivative contract with Bankers on Jan. 31, 1994. Beginning in February, P&G says, employees of BT Securities knowingly misled Sandoz about the value of its contract by $5 million. Sandoz allegedly amended its derivative contract nine times on Bankers' recommendation, spending some $25 million in the process. At one point, P&G asserts that Sandoz paid $4.2 million to modify its derivative contract when the change increased its value by only $2.9 million. That netted Bankers over $1.4 million.
SETTLEMENT? P&G also claims that a BT Securities representative, knowing that such a move would generate a large profit for Bankers, told Sandoz that the ``conservative'' way to manage its position would be to double its exposure while increasing the interest rate above which it would be hit with higher payments under the contract. But on Feb. 22, discovering that Bankers did not have the proper hedge to cover such a change, the Bankers rep reversed course--and began encouraging Sandoz to reduce its position. P&G alleges that Sandoz lost $78.5 million in dealings with Bankers. Sandoz General Counsel Robert L. Thompson says: ``We have settled a matter with Bankers Trust. The terms of the settlement are confidential,'' and he adds that Sandoz continues to have a ``productive'' relationship with Bankers.
   As for Sequa Corp., P&G alleges that Bankers sold it a leveraged derivative--similar to P&G's Nov. 2 contract--on Oct. 1, 1993. In December, Bankers allegedly proposed various amendments to the contract that it told Sequa were costless. But, says P&G, an internal Bankers Trust phone call described it as having a negative value for Sequa of $600,000 and a profit for Bankers Trust of $200,000.
   With interest rates rising, P&G says Sequa terminated half of the contract in February, 1994, at a cost of $2.5 million. Sequa allegedly terminated the rest a month later at a cost of $4.5 million, financing that with another transaction in which it was to pay Bankers $6 million over the ensuing two years. Total alleged loss: $7.5 million. Sequa declined comment.
   In the case of Jefferson Smurfit Corp., P&G alleges that Smurfit entered into a leveraged derivative contract in May, 1993. The derivative quickly began losing value, P&G says, and Smurfit closed out the contract and was paid $1.17 million by Bankers. But that was at a time, P&G claims, when Bankers internally valued Smurfit's position in the contract at $4.4 million.
   Smurfit agreed to another leveraged-derivative contract in December, 1993, according to P&G. The company says Bankers ``induced Smurfit to amend this swap [a kind of derivative] 11 times before it was finally unwound in September, 1994.'' Meanwhile, the value of Smurfit's contract was declining. P&G says Bankers did not tell Smurfit, however. Alleges P&G: ``As early as February, 1994, BT Securities marketers discussed the fact that Smurfit was $5 [million] or $6 million down on the deal and that Smurfit's Treasurer `has no clue' about how far `underwater' his company was on the transaction.''    At one point, P&G claims, Bankers Trust employees discussed showing Jefferson Smurfit some information regarding one of its derivatives, and one employee said: ``...what we show them is gonna be kind of baloney....'' Ultimately, P&G says, Smurfit lost more than $2.4 million on its derivatives dealings with Bankers. Smurfit says it is not aware of suffering any losses on derivatives with Bankers.
   What's next for Bankers Trust? It's possible that the bank will settle with P&G rather than endure the possible playing of hours of incriminating tapes in open court. The Securities & Exchange Commission, which investigated Bankers Trust's derivatives sales practices, forced a deeply embarrassing settlement on the firm. The SEC says it is continuing to investigate evidence of individual wrongdoing. One thing, though, is clear: The ``massive huge future gravy train'' has been permanently derailed.
The Tale Of The Tapes
Procter & Gamble, through discovery, obtained 6,500 tape recordings, as well as 300,000 pages of documents from Bankers Trust. The material concerned nine Bankers Trust clients who lost money dealing with the bank. From this evidence, P&G is alleging that Bankers Trust:
  -- Engaged in a pervasive pattern of fraud spanning a number of years and involving numerous victims
  -- Induced customers to purchase complex derivative deals that produced high profits for the bank and often big losses for many of its clients
  -- Misrepresented to clients the pricing, current value and risks of the products it sold
  -- Refused to share its secret pricing models and other proprietary devices   -- Caused customers who had suffered losses to engage in ever more complex transactions that were supposed to recoup losses but that often brought on even more problems
DATA: BUSINESS WEEK, COURT FILINGS
By Kelley Holland and Linda Himelstein in New York, with Zachary Schiller in Cleveland
Copyright 1995 The McGraw-Hill Companies All rights reserved. Any use is subject to (1) terms and conditions of this service and (2) rules stated under ``Read This First'' in the ``About Business Week'' area.
Transmitted: 95-10-04 19:59:07 EDT (B34461)

@_date: 1995-10-24 12:10:20
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Welcome to c|net 
Well, lookie, it came from csn.net via longs.lance.colostate.edu.  Now who
do we know at that address?
Grow up Larry.

@_date: 1995-10-25 11:00:34
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: crypto and law enforcement 
In June, four people were arrested for allegedly producing the illegal
newspaper "radikal" in Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany. One of the main
reasons for imprisonment was that they refused to decrypt the disks
found with them.
The Attorney at the Federal Supreme Court now claims that three disks
have been partially decrypted, but does not reveal the texts to the
defense counsel because that could be "a danger to the
investigations". The fact that the accused did not help in decryption
is seen as an indicator for danger of collusion, so they will remain
imprisonned on remand.
It seems that these four people will face several years of
imprisonment mainly because one of them chose a weak passphrase.

@_date: 1995-10-31 18:35:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: "Dr." Fred 
The most charitable explanation for "Dr." Fred is that
he's degenerated into the professional equivalent of
those pathetic aging former chess masters who try to
eek out a subsistence living by charging five bucks a
game. People often play with them out of sympathy, or
for the novelty of having lost to a past great. It's
part of the chess culture, and it's basically harmless
and sort of quaint.
The difference, of course, is that its almost impossible
to have sympathy for Dr. Fred. His hustle is for a hell
of a lot more than subsistence. He was also never actually
a master of his field, a fact that becomes increasingly
obvious as our exposure to him goes on. Now he's reduced
himself to trying to collect someone else's winnings.

@_date: 1995-11-01 13:18:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: From Bill Frezza: Electronic Warfare 
list address is cypherpunks at toad.com
list manager is majordomo at toad.com
sending list mail to majordomo will not work
the entire issue is not tied to money
the gummint is not just looking for more money
can't anyone from the media get it right
better story than w$j can make though
congratulations you're more clueful than the average media stooge

@_date: 1995-09-02 14:45:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: anyone know what this "top secret" code does?Re: anyone know what this "top secret" code does? 
Does anyone remember the scenario someone suggested awhile back that
hypothesized a scheme by the NSA or other TLAs to encourage the use
of WEAK crypto?  It involved spreading a lot of F.U.D. about PGP and
other strong crypto methods, followed by the discovery/leak of a
supposedly "strong" crypto algorithm to replace it.
This may not be it.  It may just be a trial balloon to gauge the
reaction of the crypto community to an anonymous, "gift from heaven"
crypto algorithm.  But at least be aware of what COULD happen.
One tactic that might be tried is an intentional "leak", followed by
a flurry of legal actions designed to make it look like the "leak"
was going to cause some real damage to their cryptanalysis efforts,
due to it being "unbreakable", or whatever.  Of course, anything
"leaked" would be crippled in some undetectable manner so as to
provide a back door...

@_date: 1995-09-03 02:50:21
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Crypto '95: Robert Morris 
So Robert Morris worked for NSA.
Does that mean that the infamous 1988 Internet Worm
was part of a NSA-sponsored intelligence-gathering mission?

@_date: 1995-09-04 10:25:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Emergency File Wipe AlgorithimRe: Emergency File Wipe Algorithim 
When a running computer is seized in some sort of law enforcement
raid, what are the chances someone would think to backup the
contents of a RAMDISK drive prior to powering it down?

@_date: 1995-09-05 02:54:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: SUMMARY: Not-so-volatile volatile memoryRe: SUMMARY: Not-so-volatile volatile memory 
Is this a new discovery?  When I used to work with DOD classified
data, not so long ago, disk drives had to be declassified using an
approved program, such as Norton Utilities' "WIPEINFO".  (That was
approved up through the SECRET/SAR level, anyway.  I don't know
about TS/SCI/SI.)  But those same regulations said that RAM was
considered declassified within a certain time (30 seconds, I think)
after power was removed.  (That time figure was UNclassified, BTW.)
I think it was just to allow time for the voltage to bleed off of
the power supply's filter capacitors, and not related to the
relative volatility of DRAM.

@_date: 1995-09-05 14:06:19
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: SSLRef (SSLtelnet) 
Is it possible that since this was only a "test" CA, that netscape used
less than a full-strength key?  If it was only 512 bits or so, we could
try cracking it.

@_date: 1995-09-05 17:25:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Secure Device 1.4 QuestionSecure Device 1.4 Question 
I just installed Secure Device, v1.4 on a PC at work.  After installing it, I looked at the encrypted volume and found the string "SECDEV  " starting at the fourth byte of the file.  I'd prefer that this file look like some temporary file that got left on the disk by a program that didn't clean up properly after itself, and not be identifiable as an encrypted volume.
Is there a way to get Secure Device to not leave identifiable plaintext like that in the file?  Will I do any harm to the file if I replace that string with blanks, or something more innocuous?  If it's required to be there, then I'd like to put its removal on the "wish list" for the next version.  (I copied the file, replaced the string "SECDEV" with blanks using a hex editor, and then mounted the copy as an encrypted volume, and it seems to be working OK, but I wanted to make sure this won't cause unforseen problems in the As you've probably guessed, I'm not supposed to have any personal files on my work computer, and an entire encrypted volume would undoubtedly make someone go ballistic if they discovered it.  When I want to use my encrypted file system, I reboot off of a floppy, and all Secure Device programs and drivers are kept on the floppy.  The only thing that has to be left on the hard drive is the encrypted volume itself.
Please post a copy of any replies to the Cypherpunks mailing list at "cypherpunks at toad.com".  Thanks.

@_date: 1995-09-06 08:14:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Michael Moriarity in _Penthouse_ on Law Enforcer Power Expansion 
Thought I'd pass this along -- It was in my mailbox this morning...
--- Forwarded mail from "Linda Thompson, American Justice Federation" In the "Special 26th Anniversary Issue -- Collector's Edition" of
_Penthouse_, Michael Moriarity wrote the "Advise & Dissent" feature.
The cover tickler reads: "Michael Moriarity -- Charging Janet Reno with
                TREES FOR ALL THE DEAD CHILDREN
                        by Michael Moriarity
[The author is an Emmy, Tony, and Golden Globe award-winning actor. He
is also an accomplished classical and jazz pianist-composer, with three
CDs in release and another about to be recorded.]
_A nation may lose its liberties in a day and not miss them for a
century._ Montesquieu
I am sitting in a sidewalk cafe in Canada at the moment. I am here
because I can no longer live in the United States of America. The nation
my father knew as a surgeon for the Detroit Police Department and the
country in which my grandfather built a 50-year professional baseball
career has become a nightmare of lies, propaganda, and vicious
disinformation pouring out of Washington, D.C.
Today, the F.B.I. and Janet Reno are asking for new legislation that
would permit them to investigate anyone for simply opposing their ideas
of what causes violence. I protested the attorney general's initial
assault on network television during her back-room meetings with NBC
executives. "What are we talking about here?" asked Dick Wolf, executive
producer of "Law and Order." "Federally controlled programming between
the hours of three and six?"
"How about three to nine."
Janet Reno said that without a question mark. It was not a request. It
seemed to her a foregone conclusion. She had the right to say the most
insane thing I've heard from a reasonably well-dressed person, let alone
the highest law-enforcement officer in the land. she claimed that the
mere words of a murder-mystery TV show were dangerous to the health of
the nation.
I simply asked that she be relieved of her post and sent on a long
vacation and given therapy. Who left their jobs instead? Philip Heymann,
her respected deputy, and yours truly. Resignations in protest. Now she
and her Justice Department -- and even more recently, Bob Dole, the next
frighteningly viable candidate for president of the United States --
would like to brand all artists and producers dealing with dramatizes
violence and sex as accessories to drive-by shootings, terrorist
bombings, and the moral degeneration of our nation. And she's hoping
that people like me and Rush Limbaugh, and anyone who makes fun of her,
like David Letterman, will be counted by the American public as
accessories to the bombing in Oklahoma.
Did Al Capone really learn everything he knew from George Raft? Was the
death of Christopher Marlowe a product of the fight scenes in William
Shakespeare's _Romeo and Juliet_?
Blaming violent drama for real-life violence is like indicting
_Penthouse_ for the spread of AIDS.
Until I left my country, I was living in a novel by Franz Kafka, with
characters like the real Elie Wiesel telling me, "It's not possible,
Michael. This is America."
They told Elie and his family the same thing in Europe, just before they
carted him off to Auschwitz. "It's not possible, Elie. This is Germany."
How far is Janet Reno willing to go in her definition of what is causing
"I know 'Murder She Wrote' has no violent images," said the attorney
general, "but they talk about nothing but violence." What does this
mean? Does she charge that Jessica Fletcher was an agent provocateur for
Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing? Has Angela Lansbury been
derelict in her concern for the children? Was Reno's fear of language,
this frontal assault on the entire meaning of the First Amendment,
merely a lapse in the attorney general's thinking process?  As "kooky"
and as "noisy" and as "paranoid" as I am accused of being, I have never
put together a sentence quite that sick.
Where was the reaction from the Fourth Estate, the one branch of our
democratic process that is sworn, above all, to uphold our freedom of
speech? Today, unfortunately, the media is a direct extension of the
two-party system, and now that the Republicans and Democrats are a
coalition dedicated to expanding federal law-enforcement armies
exponentially, there is little protest from the pundits. A coalition in
a two-party democracy is not an option. It is tyranny.
Since mainstream American journalism is either Republican or Democratic,
we now hear no outcry (although _The New York Times_ did quote one
"law-enforcement official at the Treasury Department .. who spoke on
condition that he not be named, [who] said there was a tremendous
potential for abuse in some of the recent F.B.I. proposals to relax the
standards for investigating suspected terrorists").
Speaking out publicly would risk careers, and if anything is at fault
for the disastrous situation we are in, it is a mad obsession with
career. Read John Dean's _Blind Ambition_ if you don't believe me. My
role in the miniseries "Holocaust" -- that of the Nazi lawyer Eric Dorf
 -- was inspired by the idea that if Watergate's John Dean were a German
professional in the 1930s and less sensitive to his own corruption, he
would have risen to the very top of the Third Reich.  With no strong
feelings, apart from an obsession with his own career, such a man would
find himself standing proudly at the side of Adolf Hitler.
"Free speech," the Justice Department seems to be saying, "is the root
cause of all violence." Has anyone been fired for such a tyrannical
notion? No, but Jocelyn Elders was dismissed for broaching the
possibility that our drug laws should be reexamined, and for speaking
honestly about AIDS and condoms and children.
I began my campaign fighting the drug laws. I'm right back to those
statutes as the main cause of domestic violence in America. Only this
time the violence is not the drive-by shootings in ghettos. It is the
speed with which our law enforcement has been destroyed from within by
its own increasing power.
The F.B.I. will be given almost absolute power to harass and wiretap and
investigate any opponent of the standing government. The drug laws and
now, so conveniently, the Oklahoma City bombing are the linchpins for
billions of dollars pouring into the American law-enforcement community.
Their increasing freedom to hassle suspected anti-big-government
agitators must not be threatened.
Will it work? Not if this nation sees the tapes called _Waco: The Big
Lie_, a two-part examination of the murder of the Branch Davidians.
This video, which Gary Null wrote about in _Penthouse_ this past April,
is all over the country now, and more and more people will see it
despite how Janet Reno, the F.B.I., and the leadership of both parties
try to misinform the public about the tapes and their maker, Linda
Thompson. The obvious questions raised by Thompson's analysis of
government-approved violence are damning to the F.B.I., the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms, Janet Reno, and all other parties
accessory to the obvious cover-up. They show hard evidence of a
government lynch mob at Waco.
If the Rodney King tapes won him $2 million, the implications of _Waco:
The Big Lie_ could win the surviving Branch Davidians tens and possibly
hundreds of millions from the government, criminal charges against
perpetrators, and the downfall of major careerists in the current
Now, with the help of her spokesmen, who just happen to be President
Clinton and Bob Dole, possibly the next occupant of the White House,
Janet Reno is trying to convince America that her enemies are just as
bad as her own army. They can't be worse. Try as she may, she knows that
history cannot draw the bombers of children as any worse than the
burners of children.
Washington, D.C., is saying that there is a difference between the
children of Waco and the children of Oklahoma City. The deaths in
Oklahoma warrant capital punishment. "Swift and severe punishment," was
the fate the president and attorney general promised for the killers of
federal employees.
Since the F.B.I., the C.I.A., A.T.F., and other arms of federal law
enforcement have been gutting the Bill of Rights for years, such threats
are not unlike the reprisals announced in Germany following the
Reichstag fire.
What about the death of civilians? Not only does Reno not call for
capital punishment for the incineration of the Waco children and the
equally cold-blooded murders in Idaho of survivalist Randy Weaver's wife
and child by federal agents, her response to these crimes doesn't even
merit the term _pursuit of justice_. And any movement that calls for
such justice, like Linda Thompson's American Justice Federation, is
branded "fanatic."
Who has more blood on their hands? Network television or federal law
Until justice befalls the Justice Department, a tree must be planted for
all the children of violence ... including the children of Waco.
"Peace is not the absence of war," said one letter written to me while I
was performing in the television series "Law and Order." "It is the
presence of Just."
---End of forwarded mail from "Linda Thompson, American Justice Federation"

@_date: 1995-09-09 22:13:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: not a flame please read and think about this 
i know this is unpopular but i wish someone would respond the the points
rather than flaming me. pat farrel is the only one of you with the balz
to try to defend himself insead of attacking me. and you attack me for
being anon. i love it. cypherpunks yea right.
more of the indefensible. ive been keeping a list:
janet renos cypherpunk heros:
wei dai patents algorithms - for microsoft!!!!. that should
fucking help us a lot. whos he gonna sue first?
hey i think ill patent xor!!!! and give the patent to the nsa!!!
according to sci.crypt mat blaze can prove that clipper has no back
door. right. that sure helps us. david sternlights new hero.
pat farrel signs up with the nsa to make the key escrow rules easier
for us morons to understand. hey thanks. maybe theyll give you a
nicer room in the concentration kamp.
a whole shitload of socalled cypherpunks jumping over each other to help and
defend him.
brian davis trys to convinice us that key escrow isnt so bad (who signs your paycheck davie?????)
that guy from rand corp tells us words of wisdom from robert morris the nsa guy
as if we should write them down and pray three times a day to them.
carl elison designs key escrow for tis and acts like hes one of us.
bruce schneier is copyrighting crypt programs and
threatining to sue people who use it.
even phil zimmerman is selling the rights to pgp. what about all the people who contributed code (like me). not a dime for us because phil is famous
and your not alowed to say anythingn bad about him. sorry i forgot phil is god.
no one dares to complain. ask phil about me and when i asked about sharing
profits from the code i conrtibuted. also about the deal with
by the way i am not the anonymous-remailer at shell.portal.com person who
toold farel to shut up. that was someone else. i dont think anyone should
shut up.
thats my point. i think we should talk about this in the open.
got it perry???
lets get back to being punks. fuck these traitors. do crypto and fuck the nsa.
an116512 at anon.penet.fi

@_date: 1995-09-12 14:00:35
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Netscape to patch shareware version 
It's already been exported.  Evidently, one of those who bought the commercial version sent it to Europe as soon as it was out.
I note the site removed it, however, probably because Netscape Comm. Inc. requested that they do so.  Netscape generally objects to anyone else carrying their browser (.edu sites with prior permission excepted).

@_date: 1995-09-20 17:27:34
@_author: Anon-remailer@utopia.hacktic.nl 
@_subject: NETSCAPE TO PATCH SHAREWARE VERSION 
Organization: Hack-Tic International, Inc.
It's already been exported.  Evidently, one of those who bought the commercial I note the site removed it, however, probably because Netscape Comm. Inc. reque

@_date: 1995-09-27 23:11:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
that they do. 95% of all "cash" transactions in the U.S. are by check.
Checks are thus effectively also currency. The banker creates the so-
called "loan" by writing a check or deposit slip, not against actual
money, but against your promise to pay back the loan. The only cost to the
bank is the paper,ink, and a few dollars in salaries and office costs for
each tansaction. It is "check-kiting" on an enormous scale! The profits
are enormous as shown below.
                 THE COST TO YOU? PRACTICALLY EVERYTHING
   In 1910 the U.S. federal debt was $1,147,000,000 - $12 per citizen.
State and local debts were practically non-existent, and government was
small and not oppressive.
   By 1920, after only six years of the Federal Reserve handling our
currency, the federal debt had jumped to $24 billion - $228 per citizen.
The Federal Government began to grow like an invisible cancer in its ear-
ly stages.
   By 1968 the federal debt had jumped to $347 billion - $1,717 per cit-
izen. Ten years later, by 1978 it had doubled again to $763 billion
- $3,500 per citizen. That is a debt of $17,500 for every family of five
in America. Federal debt has been growing faster and faster since. And
the Federal Government has become a debilitating cancer rapidly sapping
and weakening its victim.
   Today in 1992 the federal debt is over $4 trillion. (And they "cook the
books" on the low side to come up with that figure - see Chapter Nine.)
The $4 trillion national debt amounts to $16,000 per citizen, or $80,000
per family of five. And if that debt were calculated in terms of working
or tax-paying families, it would be considerably higher. The Federal Gov-
ernment has become a bloated, out-of-control parasite, a terminal cancer.
The economy seems so weak that even after many months of blowing up the
currency supply, signs of recovery have to be searched for. The entire
system may be on the brink of complete collapse.
   The above figures do not include state, municipal, school district,
business, or personal debts, which total an additional $3 trillion. Total
debt in America is thus over $7 trillion - $28,000 per citizen - $120,000
per family of five. This is more than twice the assessed value of all the
land and buildings in America. Effectively all of America has been signed
over to the bankers. They can take America and we would still owe them
another America! Of course, it is to their advantage not to take actual
title to the property, so we will not realize that we really own nothing.
Instead they leave us with "ownership" so we will willingly continue to
work and pay ever higher tributes to the bankers.
   What we really have is national bankruptcy. Let me repeat the words of
Senator John Danforth:
   "I have never seen more senators express discontent with their jobs..
I think the major cause is that, deep down in our hearts, we have been
accomplices to doing something terrible and unforgivable to this won-
derful country. Deep down in our hearts, we know that we have bankrupted
America and that we have given our children a legacy of bankruptcy.... We
have defrauded our country to get ourselves elected."
         THE INEXORABLE TRANSFER OF WEALTH TO THE BANKERS
   To grasp the fact that periodic withdrawal of currency through interest
payments to the bankers will inexorably transfer all wealth in the nation
to the receivers of interest, imagine yourself in a poker or dice game.
Everyone has to buy chips (the medium of exchange) from a "banker" who
does not risk chips in the game, but watches the table and every hour rea-
ches in and takes 10% to 15% of all the chips on the table. As the game
progresses, the number of chips in the possession of each player will go
up and down with his or her "luck." However, the total number of chips
available to play the game (carry on business and trade) will decrease
steadily, while the "banker's" mountain of chips just grows and grows.
   The game will get low on chips, and some players will run out. If they
want to continue to play, they must buy or borrow more chips from the
"banker." The "banker" will sell (lend) the player more chips only if the
player signs a "mortgage" agreeing to give the "banker" some real pro-
perty (car, home, farm, business, etc.). If the payments should go into
default, the banker takes the property. The payments must be made on time,
whether the player wins (makes a profit) or not.
   It is easy to see that no matter how skillfully the players play,
eventually the "banker" will end up with all of his chips back. Except
for the very best or "luckiest" players, the rest, if they stay in the
game long enough, will end up owing to the "banker" their cars, their
homes, their farms, their businesses, and perhaps even their watches,
rings, and the shirts off their backs!
   Sir Josiah Stamp, President of the Bank of England in the 1920s, and
the second richest man in Britain at the time, said:
   "Banking was conceived in iniquity and was born in sin. The bankers
own the earth. Take it away from them but leave them in power to create
deposits, and with the flick of the pen they create enough deposits to
buy it back again. However, take it away from them, and all the great
fortunes like mine will disappear, and they ought to disappear, for this
would be a happier and better world to live in. But, if you wish to re-
main the slaves of bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery, let
them continue to create deposits."
   Our real-life situation is much worse than any poker game. In a poker
game no one is forced to go into debt, and anyone can quit at any time
and keep whatever he or she still has. But in real life, even if we borrow
little ourselves from the bankers, the local, state, and federal govern-
ments borrow billions in our name, squander it, then confiscate our earn-
ings from us and pay it to the bankers with interest. We are forced to
play their game, and it seems we can only leave the game by dying. We
pay as long as we live, and our childern pay after we die. If we cannot
pay, the same government sends the police to take our property and give
it to the bankers. The bankers risk nothing (at least, the Federal
Reserve bankers) in the game; they just collect their percentage and "win
it all." In Las Vegas all the games are "rigged" to pay the house (owner)
a percentage. They rake in millions. The Federal Reserve bankers' "game"
is similarly rigged, and it pays off in billions.
   In recent years bankers have added more "cards" to their game.
"Credit" cards are promoted as a convenience and a great boon to trade.
Actually, they are ingenious devices by which bankers collect %2 to 5%
of every retail sale from the seller and 18% or more interest from buy-
ers. A real stacked deck!
              POLITICIANS AND BANKERS IN THE SAME LEAGUE
   Democrat, Republican, and Independent voters have wondered why poli-
ticians always spend more tax currency than they collect. The reason
should now be clear. When you study our "debt-currency" system, you soon
realize that the politicians are not the agents of the people. They are
the agents of the Federal Reserve Bankers, for whom they plan ways to
place the people further in debt. Let me again quote the words of Senator
John Danforth:
   "I have never seen more senators express discontent with their jobs...
I think the major cause is that, deep down in our hearts, we have been
accomplices to doing something terrible and unforgivable to this wonder-
ful country. Deep down in our hearts, we know that we have bankrupted
America and that we have given our children a legacy of bankruptcy....
We have defrauded our country to get ourselves elected."
   Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution states, "The Congress
shall have power... to coin money, regulate the value thereof..." But what
have our politicians done? In 1913 the traitorously gave the U.S. Treasury
to the Federal Reserve bankers - lock, stock, and barrel! Someone recently
asked, "What's the difference between Kindergarten and Congress?" Answer:
"One has adult supervision!" Actually, we shouldn't criticize Congress,
after all, we have the best Congress money can buy. Chapter Ten examines
Congress in more detail.
                    FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM AUDIT
   The Federal Reserve has never been audited by the government. In 1975
a bill H.R. 4316, to require Federal Reserve audits, was introduced in
Congress. Due to pressure from the currency-controllers, it was rejected.
No audit of the Federal Reserve has ever been done.
                       MOUNTING DEBTS AND WARS
   We, as a people are now ruled by a "banker-owned system" that has
usurped the mantle of government, disguised itself as our legitimate
government, and set about to pauperize and control the people. It is now
a centralized, all-powerful apparatus whose main purposes are spending the
people's currency, promoting war, and propagandizing to perpetuate itself
in power. Our two large political parties (the "Demopublicans" also call-
ed "Republicrats") have become its servants, the various departments of
government its spending agencies, and the Internal Revenue Service its
collection agency.
   Unknown to the people, our "banker-owned system" operates in close
cooperation with similar apparatuses in other nations, also disguised as
"governments." Some, we are told, are friends. Others, we are told, are
enemies. "Enemies" are built up through international manipulations and
used to frighten the American people into going billions of dollars more
into debt to the bankers for "military preparedness," "foreign aid to
stop communism," "minority rights," etc. Citizens, deliberately confused
by brainwashing propaganda, watch helplessly while our politicians give
our food, goods, and gold to banker-controlled alien governments under the
guise of "better relations," "easing tensions," or "humanitarian aide."
Our banker-controlled government takes our finest and bravest sons and
sends them into foreign wars, where tens of thousands are murdered and
hundreds of thousands are crippled. Other thousands are morally corrupted
and addicted to drugs. When the "war" is over we have gained nothing, but
we are scores of billions mre in debt to the bankers - which was the real
reason for the war in the first place!
                   MORE THAN JUST ECONOMIC RAPE
   The profits from these massive debts have been used to erect a com-
plete and almost hidden economic and political colossus over our nation.
Our "banker-owned system" keeps telling us they are trying to do us good,
when in truth they work to harm and injure the people. These would-be
despots kow it is easier to control and rob an ignorant, poorly-educated,
and confused people than it is an informed population, so they deliber-
ately degrade our educational systems. For the same reason they secretly
favor drug use, alcohol, racial conflict, and crime in general. Their "war
on drugs," as an example, only produces more drug use and a host of relat-
ed crimes. Everything which debilitates the minds and bodies of the people
is secretly encouraged, as it makes the people less able to oppose them,
or even to understand what is being done to them. The system wants medio-
cre, unthinking, helpless "sheople."
   Family, morals, and all that is honorable is being swept away, while
our "banker-owned system" builds their new subservient man, the found-
ation of their "new world order." Our new rulers are trying to change our
whole political, social, and racial order, but they will not change the
debt-currency economic system by which they rob and rule. Our people have
become tenants and "debt-slaves" to the bankers and their agents in the
land our fathers conquered. It is conquest through the most gigantic
fraud and swindle in the history of humankind. And we remind you again:
The key to their wealth and power over us is their MONOPOLISTIC ability
to "create" currency out of nothing and to lend it to us at interest. If
Congress had not allowed them to do that, they never would have gained
secret control over our nation.
                   CONTROLLED NEWS AND INFORMATION
   This currency-lender conspiracy ("consPIRACY") is as old as Babylon.
Even in America it dates far back before 1913. Actually, 1913 was the
year in which the way opened for complete economic conquest of our peo-
ple. The conspiracy is old enough to America so that the system's agents
have been for many years in positions such as newspaper publishers, edit-
tors, columnists, church ministers, university presidents, professors,
textbook authors, attorneys, accountants, labor union leaders, movie mak-
ers, radio and TV commentators, politicians from school board members to
U.S. Presidents, and many others.
   These agents control the information available to our people. They
manipulate public opinion, elect who they will locally and nationally,
and never expose the crooked currency system. They promote school bonds,
municipal bonds, expensive and detrimental farm programs, "urban renew-
al," "foreign aid," and many other schemes which will put the people more
in debt to the bankers. Thoughtful citizens wonder why billions are spent
on one program and billions on another which may duplicate or even null-
ify it, such as paying some farmers not to raise crops, while at the same
time building dams or canals to irrigate more farm land. Crazy or stupid?
Neither. The goal is more debt. Thousands of government-sponsored ways to
waste "money" are perpetrated continually. Most make no sense, but they
are never exposed for what they really are: builders of billions for the
bankers and debts for the people.
   So-called "economic experts" write syndicated columns in hundreds of
newspapers, craftily designed to prevent the people from learning the
simple truth about our debt-currency system. Commentators on radio and
TV, educators, and politicians blame the people as wasteful, lazy, or
spendthrift, and blame the workers and consumers for the increase in
debts and the inflation of prices, when they really know that the basic
cause is the debt-currency system itself. Our people are drowned in char-
ges and counter-charges designed to confuse them and keep them from under-
standing the evil currency system that so silently robs the workers, farm-
ers, and business people of the fruit of their labor. And, increasingly,
the system is being used to rob us of our rights and freedoms, supposedly
guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution.
   "Ten business and financial corporations control the three major tele-
vision and radio networks (NBC, CBS, ABC), 34 subsidiary television stat-
ions, 201 cable TV systems, 62 radio stations, 20 record companies, 59
magazines, 58 newspapers, including the NEW YORK TIMES, the WASHINGTON
POST, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL, and the LOS ANGELES TIMES, 41 book pub-
lishers and various motion picture companies like Columbia Pictures and
Twentieth Century Fox. Three quarters of the major stockholders of ABC,
CBS and NBC are banks, such as Chase Manhattan, Morgan Guaranty Trust,
Citibank, and Bank of America.
   The overall pattern is one of increasing concentration of ownership
and earnings. According to a 1982 LOS ANGLEES TIMES survey, independent
daily newspapers are being gobbled up by the chains at the rate of fifty
or sixty a year. Ten newspaper chains earn over half of all newspaper rev-
enue in this country. Five media conglomerates share 95 percent of the
record and tapes market with Warner and CBS alone controlling 65 percent
of the market. Eight Hollywood studios account for 89 percent of U.S.
feature film rentals. Three television networks earn over two-thirds of
total U.S. television revenues. Seven paperback publishers dominate the
mass market for books...
   While having an abundance of numbers and giving an appearance of di-
versity, the mass media actually are highly centralized outlets that
proffer a remarkably homogenized fare. New services for dailies through-
out the entire nation are provided by the Associated Press and United
Press International (which may soon merge with AP or go under), The New
York Times-Washington Post wire services, and several foreign wire ser-
vices like Reuters. The ideological viewpoint of these news conduits are
pretty much the same, marked by prefabricated standardization of news
which is constricting and frightening."
"The power to control information is a major lever in the control of
society. Giving citizens a choice in ideas and information is as impor-
tant as giving them a choice in politics. If a nation has narrowly con-
trolled information it will soon have narrowly controlled politics."
   When a few informed and concerned people or organizations who know the
truth begin to expose the bankers and their agents, or try to stop any of
their mad schemes, the messengers are ridiculed and smeared as "right-
wing extremists," "super-patriots," "bigots," "racists," "facists," or
"antisemites." Any name is used to discredit them, and to stop other peo-
ple from listening. Books and articles such as you are now reading are
kept out of schools, libraries, and book stores.
   Some, who are especially vocal in their exposure of the treason com-
mitted against our people, are harassed by government agencies such as
the IRS, FDA, EPA, OSHA, and others, causing them financial loss or bank-
ruptcy. Sometimes their businesses and homes are violently raided at gun-
point, and their money, currency, equipment, and records confiscated, so
it is very difficult, if at all possible to continue their business. In
Chapter One the National Commodity and Barter Association was mentioned as
an example of such raids. But the most striking case has been that of Ezra
Pound, which is covered below.
   Using these methods, the Federal Reserve bankers and their agents have
been completely successful in preventing most Americans from learning the
things you are reading in this report. However, in spite of their control
of information, they realize that more and more citizens are learning the
truth. Therefore, to prevent retaliation and armed resistance to their
plunder of America, they plan to register all firearms and eventually
disarm all citizens. They want to eliminate all guns not in the hands of
their government police or army. Our wise Founding Fathers wrote the Se-
cond Amendment to the Constitution so that the people could protect them-
selves against the government.
   Love of life, interest in your freedom, compassion for humanity, con-
cern for your children, and the safety of all you have worked for should
make you deeply interested in this, America's greatest problem. Our gener-
ation has not suffered under the bankers' yoke as the coming generations
will. Usury and taxes will continue to take a larger and larger part of
the earnings of the people and put them deeper into the pockets of the
bankers and their agents. Increasing "government" regulations will prevent citizen
protest and opposition to their control. Is it possible that your grand-
children will own neither car nor home, but will live in "government-
owned" apratments and ride to work in "government-owned" buses, and be
allowed to keep just enough of their earnings to buy a minimum of food and
clothing, while their rulers wallow in luxury? In Asia and Eastern Europe
this used to be called communism. In America it is called democracy or
   Horace Greeley stated, "While boasting of our noble deeds, we are
careful to conceal the ugly fact that by an iniquitious currency system
we have nationalized a system of oppression which, though more refined, is
no less cruel than the old system of chattel slavery."
                     THE CASE OF EZRA POUND
   Ezra Pound was a poet, one of America's greatest - if not the great-
est. He played a major role in the development of writers and poets, such
as E.E. Cummings, T.S. Elliot, Robert Frost, Ernest Hemingway, James Joyce,
and William Carlos Williams. He also studied politics, economics, banking,
and monetary theory. He disapproved of war. During World War II, he hid a
number of Jews from the Nazi exterminators; if discovered the penalty
would have been death. He broadcast a series of talks on Italian radio
aimed at Americans. He had wanted America to stay out of the war, and he
said some uncomplimentary things about President Franklin D. Roosevelt. He
also stated some of his political and monetary ideas. He was accused of
being a traitor. At the end of the war he was imprisoned in an American
concentration camp near Pisa, Italy for six months without trial. Then he
was transferred to America where he was declared insane and imprisoned in
a mental hospital in Washington D.C. for thirteen years. After which the
treason charges, for which he had never stood trial, were dropped, and he
was released. He returned to Italy, where he lived until his death in
   The reason he was not tried seems to be that his prosecutors didn't
have a case that would hold up in court and/or they were afraid that he
would repeat in court what he had said over the radio in Italy. Wendell
Muncie, M.D., one of the psychiatrists involved in his "sanity hearing,"
said that Pound's insanity consisted of three factors: his passion for the
U.S. Constitution, his espousal of the Confucian ethic, and his desire for
world peace. No formal diagnosis of Pound's supposed "insanity" has been
found. His captors in Washington openly admitted that Pound was a polit-
ical prisoner. A Congressional investigation started in 1957 and completed
in 1958 exposed the inadequacy of the case against Pound and led to his
   Here are some extracts from Pound's radio talks:
. "I think an alliance with Stalin's Russia is rotten." (January 29,1942)
."Liberty is not a right but a duty." (March 8, 1942)
."Sovereignty inheres in the right to issue money. And the American sov-
ereignty belongs by right to the people, and their representatives in
Congress have the right to issue money and to determine the value thereof.
And 120 million, 120 million suckers have lamentably failed to insist on
the obeservation of this quite decided law.... Now the point at which em-
bezzlement of the nation's funds on the part of her officers becomes trea-
son can probably be decided only by jurists, and not by hand-picked judges
who support illegality." (April 9, 1942)
.Quotes read by Pound: 1. "'I believe that banking institutions are more
dangerous to our liberties than standing armies.' - Thomas Jefferson.
2. 'I have two great enemies, the southern army in front of me and the
financial institutions in the rear. Of the two, the one in the rear is the
greatest enemy.' - Abraham Lincoln.
3. 'The money power preys upon the nation in times of peace and conspires
against it in times of adversity. It is more despotic than monarchy, more
insolent than autocracy, more selfish than bureaucracy; it denounces as
public enemies all who question its methods, or throw light upon its
crimes.' - William Jennings Bryan." (July 26, 1942)
.Back to Pound's own words: "Wars in old times were made to get slaves.
The modern implement of imposing slavery is debt." (March 25, 1943)
."The phase of the usury system which we are trying to analyze is more or
less Patterson''s perception that the Bank of England could have benefit
of all the interest on all the money that it creates out of nothing....
Now the American citizen can, of course, appeal to his constitution, which
states that Congress shall have power to coin money or regulate the value
thereof and of foreign coin. Such appeal is perhaps quixotic." (March 30,
."That text is known to them that have the patience to read it, possibly
one-hundredth of one percent of the denizens. They forget it, all save
a few Western states. I think somebody in Dakota once read it. The Consti-
tution." June 30, 1943)
       THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM IS UNCONSTITUTIONALAND ILLEGAL
   Although there has never been a court case that challenged the legal-
ity of the Federal Reserve System, there was a challenge to the National
Recovery Act or NRA, which has ruled unconstitutional. The U.S. Supreme
Court - Schechter Poultry v. U.S.,29 U.S.495, 55 U.S. 837.842 (1935) -
ruled that, "Congress may not ABDICATE OR TRANSFER TO OTHERS ITS LEGITI-
MATE FUNCTIONS.." Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution states,
"The Congress shall have power... to coin money, regulate the value there-
of..." By passing the Federal Reserve Act, Congress abdicated and trans-
ferred to the Federal Reserve bankers its constitutionally legitimate
function of issuing and controlling money. If the Supreme Court ruling on
the NRA is applied to the Federal Reserve System, the unconstitutionality
and illegality of the Fed becomes obvious.
                        TELL THE PEOPLE
   America will not shake off her illegal banker-controlled dictatorship
as long as the people are ignorant of the hidden controllers. Interna-
tional bankers, who control most of the governments of the nations and
most sources of information, seem to have us completely in their grasp.
They are afraid of only one thing: an awakened citizenry armed with the
truth. An ignorant citizen is the banker-government's best "client." An
informed citizen is the banker-government's worst nightmare.
   Robert H. Hemphill, Credit Manager of the Federal Reserve Bank of At-
lanta Georgia, said:
   "This is a staggering thought. We are completely dependent on the com-
mercial banks. Someone has to borrow every dollar we have in circulation,
cash, or credit. If the banks create ample synthetic money, we are pros-
perous; if not, we starve. We are absolutely without a permanent money
system. When one gets a complete grasp of the picture, the tragic absur-
dity of our hopeless position is almost incredible, but there it is. It
is the most important subject intelligent persons can investigate and re-
flect upon. It is so important that our present civilization may collapse
unless it becomes widely understood and the defect remedied very soon."
                        PRIVATE BANKING
   In California a very private "non-bank" has been operating successfully
for fifteen years. It caters for accounts in gold or Federal Reserve
Notes. It is completely private and doesn't report to anyone. It pays in-
terest on both gold and Federal Reserve Note balances. Ideally, we need to
establish a network of private banks throughout the country, and even-
tually throughout the rest of the world. See Chapter Twelve.

@_date: 1995-09-27 23:11:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
This is the best description of debt currency I've seen. Debt currency
is today's most effective form of slavery. It is today's American slavery.
                The text is from the book:
               THE ECONOMIC RAPE OF AMERICA
                 WHAT YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT
by Frederick Mann of Terra Libra
The book costs $19.95 plus $2 postage and handling.
It can be ordered from:
Terra Libra
2430 E. Roosevelt Phoenix, Az 85008
                           CHAPTER THREE
                      THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANKERS
Then Jesus entered the temple and drove out all who were selling and buy-
ing in the temple, and he overturned the tables of the money changers and
the seats of those who sold doves. He said to them, "It is written, 'My
house shall be called a house of prayer'; but you are making it a den of
robbers."  Matthew 21, verses 12-13
   "All of the perplexities, confusion, and distress in America arises,
not from the defects of the Constitution or Confederation, not from want
of honor or virtue, so much as from downright ignorance of the nature of
coin, credit, and circulation."
                         John Adams, Founding Father
                      (In a letter to Thomas Jefferson, 1787)
   Congressman Louis T. McFadden said the following during a speech before
Congress on June 10, 1932:
   "Mr. Cairman, we have in this country one of the most corrupt institut-
ions the world has ever know. I refer to the Federal Reserve Board and the
Federal Reserve Banks. The Federal Reserve Board, a government board, has
cheated the Government of the United States and the people of the United
States out of enough money to pay the national debt. The depredations and
the iniquities of the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve banks
acting togeather have cost this country enough money to pay the national
debt several times over. This evil institution has impoverished and ruined
the people of the United States; has bankrupted itself, and has practi-
cally bankrupted our government. It has done this through the defects of
the law under which it operates, through the maladministration of that law
by the Federal Reserve Board, and through the corrupt practices of the
moneyed vultures who control it.
  Some people think the Federal Reserve banks are United States Government
institutions. They are not government institutions. They are private cre-
dit monopolies which prey upon the people of the United States for the
benefit of themselves and their foreign swindlers; and rich and predatory
money lenders. In that dark crew of financial pirates there are those who
would cut a man's throat to get a dollar out of his pocket; there are
those who send money into states to buy votes to control our legislation;
and there are those who maintain an international propaganda for the pur-
pose of deceiving us and wheedling us into the granting of new concessions
which will permit them to cover up their past misdeeds and set again in
motion their gigantic train of crime."
                PERVASIVE MONEY PROBLEMS IN AMERICA
   Americans, living in "the richest nation on earth," always seem to be
short of money. Women are working in unprecedented numbers, men hope for
overtime hours to earn more. Many take parttime jobs evenings and week-
ends. Children look for odd jobs to earn spending money. But the family
debt climbs higher. And psychologists say one of the biggest causes of
family quarrels and breakups is "arguments over money." Much of this
trouble can be can be traced to our "counterfeit money" system, which
leaves government free to perpetrate the most destructive monetary and
economic crimes.
   On the national scale, in just ten years the federal debt has grown
from less than on trillion dollars to over four trillion. (In Chapter Nine
we will discover that the real national debt is much biggger.) The annual
interest on that debt is over $250 billion. And now we are told (not ask-
ed) that we must come up with between $200 billion and $500 billion to
"save" the S & L institutions. All this for only one reason: to protect
and perpetuate a fundamentally flawed system whose only object is to en-
rich and empower the Federal Reserve bankers who own and operate the sys-
   During the last few years America has become by far the largest debtor
nation of the world. And our politicians have made their "contributions"
with boundless "generosity!" John Danforth, Republican senator from Miss-
ouri, was reported in the Arizona Republic of April 21, 1992 as follows:
  "I have never seen more senators express discontent with their jobs...
I think the major cause is that, deep down in our hearts, we have been ac-
complices to doing something terrible and unforgivable to this wonderful
country. Deep down in our hearts, we know that we have bankrupted America
and that we have given our children a legacy of bankruptcy.... We have de-
frauded our country to get ourselves elected."
          PAPER CURRENCY CAN BE A VERY PROFITABLE HUMAN CREATION
   Economists use the word "create" when speaking of the process by which
paper currency comes into existence. "Creation" means making something
that did not exist before. Lumbermen make boards from trees, workers build
houses from lumber, and factories manufacture automobiles from metal,
glass, and other materials. But in all these cases they did not CREATE.
They only changed existing materials into more usable and more valuable
forms. Not so with currency. Here we actually CREATE something out of
nothing. A piece of paper of little value is printed so it becomes worth a
piece of lumber. That difference in value is literally CREATED out of
nothing. And with different numbers printed on the piece of paper, it can
buy the automobile or even the house. The VALUE of the paper has been
CREATED in the true sense of the word.
   Paper currency can be created honestly or fraudulently. Gold and silver
certificates, being receipts for gold and silver, with a guarantee to pay
the bearer on demand, are honest paper currency. Federal Reserve Notes
currently in circulation constitute fraudulent, counterfeit paper curr-
   Counterfeit paper currency is very cheap to "create," and whoever
prints it makes a huge profit! Builders work hard to make a profit of 5%
above their cost in building a house. Auto makers sell their cars 1% to
2% above the cost of manufacture, which is considered good business. But
counterfeit paper currency "manufacturers" have no limit on their profits
since a few cents will print a $1 bill, a $100 bill, or even a $10,000
               THE DANGER OF A MONOPOLISTIC CENTRAL BANK
   Thomas Jefferson understood the danger of putting the power to control
the currency of a nation in the hands of a few individuals in the form of
a MONOPOLISTIC central bank. This is why he opposed Alexander Hamilton's
scheme to establish the First Bank of the United States. Let me repeat
what he said in 1791:
   "If the American people ever allow the banks to control issuance of
their currency, first by inflation and then by deflation, the banks and
corporations that grow up around them will deprive the people of all pro-
perty until their children will wake up homeless on the continent their
fathers occupied."
   President Andrew Jackson also understood the danger. He refused to re-
new the charter (a grant of MONOPOLY) of the Second Bank of the United
States. In 1836 Jackson said to the bankers trying to persuade him to re-
new their charter (so they could continue their harmful MONOPOLY):
   "You are a den of vipers. I intend to rout you out and by the Eternal
God I will rout you out. If the people only understood the rank injustice
of our money and banking system, there would be a revolution before morn-
   On December 22, 1913, the day before President Woodrow Wilson signed
the Federal Reserve Act, Congressman Charles A. Lindberg Sr. (father of
the famous aviator) said to the House:
   "This Act establishes the most gigantic trust [*] on earth. When the
President signs this bill, the invisible government by the Monetary Power
will be legalized. The people may not know it immediately, but the day of
reckoning is only a few years removed. The trusts [*] will soon realize
that they have gone too far even for their own good. The people must make
a declaration of independence to relieve themselves from the Monetary
Power. This they will be able to do by taking control of Congress. Wall
Streeters could not cheat us if you Senators and Representatives did not
make a humbug of Congress... The greatest crime of congress is its curr-
ency system. The worst legislative crime of the ages is perpetrated by
this banking bill. The caucus and the party bosses have again operated and
prevented the people from getting the benefit of their own government."
[* At that time the word "trust" was synonymous with "MONOPOLY."]
                  THE DEPRESSION OF THE 1930s
   In 1930 America did not lack industrial capacity, fertile farmland,
skilled or willing workers, or industrious families. It had an extensive
and highly efficient transportation system in railroads, road networks,
and inland and ocean waterways. Communications between regions and local-
ities were the best in the world, utilizing telephone, teletype, radio,
and a well-operated mail system. No war had ravaged the cities or the
countryside, no pestilence weakened the population, nor had famine stalked
the land.
   In AMERICA'S GREAT DEPRESSION, Murray N. Rothbard, Professor of Eco-
nomics at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, describes how the creation
of the Federal Reserve System increased the bankers' ability to inflate
the currency supply sixfold. During 1923 to 1929 the bankers did inflate
the currency suppy enormously. Such an artificial inflation inevitably
brings about a subsequent need for deflation. Federal Reserve bankers, the
source of America's currency and credit, reduced the currency supply by
refusing loans to stable and growing industries, stores, and farmers. At
the same time they demanded payment on existing loans. They also increased
interest rates. Currency was rapidly taken out of circulation and was not
replaced. America was put in a depression and in deep trouble. Goods were
available to be purchased, jobs waiting to be done, but little currency
was available. Twenty-five percent of workers were laid off. Banks took
possession of tens of thousands of farms and businesses through foreclo-
sure. Gloom settled over America.
   The contraction of the currency supply caused the stock market to
collapse and the ensuing depression. Seven months before the collase, Paul
Warburg, the main architect of the Federal Reserve System, in his annual
   "If the orgies of unrestrained speculation are permitted to spread, the
ultimate collapse is certain not only to affect the speculators themselves,
but to bring about a general depression involving the entire country."
   Both the inflation and the deflation, causing the depression, had been
planned - as predicted by Jefferson in 1791!
              CURRENCY INFLATION ENDED THE "GREAT DEPRESSION"
   The depression lasted until 1939, when the Federal Reserve System began
to send large amounts of currency into circulation for military prepared-
ness. As soon as the currency supply went up, people were hired back to
work, farms sold their produce instead of plowing it under, mines reopen-
ed, factories began to hum, both industrial and residential construction
began anew, and the "Great Depression" was over. Some politicians were
blamed for it and others took credit for ending it. The truth was that
bankers caused it and bankers ended it. The people were never told that
simple truth. The bankers who "manufacture" and "control" our currency
have used their huge profits to "buy" our politicians, and ultimately to
control our government.
                 POWER TO COIN AND REGULATE MONEY
   When we see the disastrous results of an artificially created shortage
of currency, we can better understand why our Founding Fathers insisted on
placing the power to create and control money in the hands of Congress.
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution states, "The Congress shall
have power... to coin money, regulate the value thereof..."
   But in 1913 Congress passed the "Federal Reserve Act," relinquishing
the power to create and control money to the Federal Reserve Corporation,
a private company owned and controlled by bankers. The word "Federal" was
used only to deceive the people. The term "central bank" was carefully a-
voided. The Federal Reserve Act created a Board of Directors, the Federal
Reserve Board, to run the Federal Reserve Corportaion with a MONOPOLY to
create and control the currency of the United States.
   This infamous legislation was acompanied with appropriate fanfare and
propaganda that it would "remove money from politics" and "prevent boom and
bust from hurting our citizens." The people were not told then, and still
do not know today, that the Federal Reserve Corporation is a private MONO-
POLY controlled by bankers, operated for the financial gain of the bankers
at the expense of the people.
   Since that day of infamy a small group of privileged people who lend
us "our money," have accrued to themselves all of the profits of printing
paper currency - and more! Since 1913 they have created trillions of dol-
lars in currency and credit, which as their own personal property, they
then lent to our government and our people, with interest. "The rich get
richer and the poor get poorer" had become the secret policy of our nat-
ional government.
   The main architect of the Federal Reserve System was Paul Moritz War-
burg, who came from a famous German banking family. The kingpin who steer-
ed the Federal Reserve Act through Congress was Senator Nelson Aldrich,
Chairman fo the Finance Committee. He was the maternal grandfather of Nel-
son A. Rockefeller, of Standard Oil and Chase Manhattan Bank. Aldrich's
daughter, Abby Greene Aldrich, married John D. Rockerfeller, Jr. in 1901.
At the time, many people regarded Senator Aldrich as the Rockefeller fam-
ily's mouthpiece in the Senate.
   The Federal Reserve Act was passed during the presidency of Woodrow
Wilson. Just before he died Wilson is reported to have said that he had
been deceived and "I have betrayed my country." He also said:
   "A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit. Our
system of credit has been concentrated. The growth of the nation and all
our activities are in the hands of a few men. We have come to be one of
the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated gov-
ernments in the world - no longer a government of free opinion, no longer
a government by conviction and vote of the majority, but a government by
the opinion and duress of small groups of dominant men."
                  WHO OWNS THE FEDERAL RESERVE?
   There has been much speculation about who owns the Federal Reserve Cor-
poration. It has been one of the best kept secrets of the century, because
the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 provided that the names of the owner banks
be kept secret. However, R.E. McMaster publisher of the newsletter THE
REAPER, asked his Swiss banking contacts which banks hold the controlling
stock in the Federal Reserve Corporation. The answer:
1. Rothschild Banks of London and Berlin
2. Lazard Brothers Bank of Paris
3. Israel Moses Sieff Banks of Italy
4. Warburg Bank of Hamburg and Amsterdam
5. Lehman Brothers Bank of New York
6. Kuhn Loeb Bank of New York
7. Chase manhattan Bank of New York
8. Goldman Sachs Bank of New York.
   In THE SECRETS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE, Eustace Mullins indicates that,
because the Federal Reserve Bank of New York sets interest rates and con-
trols the daily supply and price of currency throughout the U.S., the
owners of that bank are the real directors of the entire system. Mullins
   "The shareholders of these banks which own the stock of the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York are the people who have controlled our political
and economic destinies since 1914. They are the Rothschilds, Lazard Freres
(Eugene Mayer), Israel Sieff, Kuhn Loeb company, Warburg Company, Lehman
Brothers, Goldman Sachs, the Rockefeller family, and the J.P. Morgan in-
          THEY PRINT IT - WE BORROW IT AND PAY THEM INTEREST
   An example of the process of currency creation and its conversion
into "people's debt" will aid our understanding. The Federal Government,
having spent more than it has taken from its citizens in taxes, needs
(for the sake of illustration) $1 billion. Since it does not have the
currency, and Congress has given away its authority to create it, the
government must go to the creators for the $1 billion. But the Federal
Reserve, a private corporation, does not give its currency away for free!
The bankers are willing to deliver $1 billion in currency or credit to
the federal government in exchange for the government's agreement to pay
it back with interest. So Congress authorizes the Treasury Department to
print $1 billion in U.S. Bonds, which are then delivered to the Federal
Reserve bankers. (The bonds are a kind of "IOU" that bears interest.)
   The U.S Treasury prints $1 billion in bank notes. The printing cost is
about $20.62 per 1,000 bills - it costs the same irrespective of the de-
nomination - the cost of printing a $1 note is about the same as for a
$100 note: about .0206 cents. The Federal Reserve "buys" these bills from
the U.S. Treasury, paying only for the printing costs. The bills are then
exchanged at full face value for the bonds. The government uses the curr-
ency to pay its obligations. What are the results of this fantastic trans-
action? Well, the government's bills are paid all right, but the U.S. Gov-
ernment has now indebted the people to the Federal Reserve bankers for $1
billion plus interest!
   Since this process has been going on since 1913, the people are now
indebted to the bankers to the tune of trillions of dollars. The people
are taxed billions of dollars each month just to pay the interest on this
"national debt." With both the principal and the interest climbing every
month, there is no hope of ever paying off this "debt." The working people
of the United States now "owe" the approximately 300 banking families and
their consorts more than the assessed value of all the assets in the
United States. And realize, the bankers got all this for the cost of
paper, ink, and bookkeeping!
                      THE MOUNTAIN OF DEBT
   You say this is terrible! Yes it is, but this is only part of the
sordid story. Under this "debt-currency" system, those U.S. Bonds referred
to above have now become assets of the banks, called their "reserve."
Regular commercial banks use these assets to issue loans to individual and
commercial customers. Since the banking laws require only about a 12%
reserve, this means the banking faternity can lend up to eight times the
amount of the bonds they have on hand. As a result of the $1 billion
discussed here, they can lend $8 billion to private customers at inter-
est. This means that together with the $1 billion lent to the government,
the bankers can lend out $9 billion at interest for the original cost to
them of about $400,000 for the printing! And because the Federal Reserve
bankers have been granted a MONOPOLY, the only way our people and bus-
inesses can get currency to carry on trade and expand industry and farm-
ing is to borrow it from the bankers!
                 USING DEBT TO EXPAND CONTROL
   In addition to the vast wealth drawn to them through this almost un-
limited usury, the bankers who control the currency are able to approve
or disapprove large loans to big and successful corporations. Bankers can
refuse a loan, thereby depressing the price of a corporation's shares on
the stock exchange. This enables the bankers' agents to buy large blocks
of the shares at depressed prices. Then they can approve a multi-million
dollar loan to the corporation, resulting in its share price rising,
allowing the bankers' agents to sell the shares, sometimes making huge
profits. In this manner billions of dollars are made to buy even more
   Using this method since 1913, the bankers and their agents have pur-
chased secret or open control of almost every large corporation in Amer-
ica. Using that control, they force the corporations to borrow huge sums
from their banks so that corporate earnings are partially siphoned off in
the form of interest paid to the banks. This leaves little "actual profit"
to be paid out as dividends.
   When bankers lend more, the currency supply expands. When they reign
in the loans, the currency supply contracts. By expanding or contracting
the currency supply, the bankers can make the stock market go up or down
at their pockets' content! They can cause "busts and booms" almost as
they wish.
   That is why President James A. Garfield said, "Whoever controls the
volume of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and
   At the time of writing (July, 1992), the New York stock market has
been hovering around record highs for months, while the economy continues
to suffer a protracted slump. The bankers no doubt want the stock mar-
ket to be high and the economy to recover before the coming presidential
election. Keep in mind that they endorse all three presidential candi-
dates. Tweedledum and Tweedledee; or Louie, Huey, and Dewey; or Larry, Mo,
and Curly - they are all in the hands of the bankers.
             WHY LOANS EVENTUALLY SHRINK THE CURRENCY SUPPLY
  The only way new currency goes into circulation in America under this
wicked system is when someone borrows it from a banker. When people are
confident of success, they borrow more currency, which increases the
currency supply, and all seem to prosper for a while. Then, as they pay
off their loans, the available currency supply shrinks and currency be-
comes "scarce." Borrowers must always take more currency out of circu-
lation when they repay their loans, than they put in circulation when
they receive their loans. Interest and charges make the repayment total
larger than the loan. This means that only more people borrowing still
more can keep the medium of exchange available to the nation.
   This example may aid understanding. When a citizen goes to a banker
to borrow $100,000 to purchase a home or a farm, and the loan is granted,
the banker gives the borrower a check for $100,000 or credits the borrow-
er's account with $100,000. The borrower, in turn, writes the necessary
checks to the builder, seller, subcontractors, etc. (who, in turn, write
more checks), thereby putting $100,000 of "checkbook currency" into cir-
culation. However, on a 30-year mortgage with 10% interest, the banker
wants $828 per month, or a total of $316,080. The buyer must take that
$316,080 out of circulation, reducing the overall amount in circulation
by $216,080.
   The banker has not really produced anything of value, except the slip
of paper called a check or deposit slip. Yet the banker ends up having
$216,080 more than he had before, minus a few hundred dollars of clerical
and office costs. But the people, as a whole, have $216,080 less.
                 WHY SMALL LOANS HAVE THE SAME EFFECT
   For those who haven't aquite grasped the impact, let us consider an
auto loan for only three years. Step one: citizen borrows $6,000 and pays
it into circulation (to the dealer, factory, etc.). Citizen agrees to re-
pay the banker $7,200. Step two: Citizen pays $200 per month. In 36 months
citizen has taken $7,200 out of circulation and paid it to the bank. Net
result? $1,200 less currency in circulation.
   Since currency requirements increase with expanding population, in-
dustry, and commerce, and paying off any loan decreases the available
currency supply, it is clear that we would quickly run out of currency,
unless more and more people borrow more and more currency to keep curr-
ency in circulation!
   Multiply the above examples by hundreds of millions of times since
1913, and you can see why America has fallen from a prosperous debt-free
nation to the most debt-ridden country in the world. Practically every
home, farm, and business is heavily mortgaged to the bankers. Practically
all our cars, furniture, and clothes are purchased with borrowed currency.
The interest to the bankers on personal, state, and federal debt totals
more than 25% of the combined earnings of the working population!
             THE COST TO THE BANKERS? PRACTICALLY NOTHING
   In the tens of millions of transactions made each year like those
shown here, relatively few bank notes change hands, nor is it necessary

@_date: 1995-09-27 23:11:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
that they do. 95% of all "cash" transactions in the U.S. are by check.
Checks are thus effectively also currency. The banker creates the so-
called "loan" by writing a check or deposit slip, not against actual
money, but against your promise to pay back the loan. The only cost to the
bank is the paper,ink, and a few dollars in salaries and office costs for
each tansaction. It is "check-kiting" on an enormous scale! The profits
are enormous as shown below.
                 THE COST TO YOU? PRACTICALLY EVERYTHING
   In 1910 the U.S. federal debt was $1,147,000,000 - $12 per citizen.
State and local debts were practically non-existent, and government was
small and not oppressive.
   By 1920, after only six years of the Federal Reserve handling our
currency, the federal debt had jumped to $24 billion - $228 per citizen.
The Federal Government began to grow like an invisible cancer in its ear-
ly stages.
   By 1968 the federal debt had jumped to $347 billion - $1,717 per cit-
izen. Ten years later, by 1978 it had doubled again to $763 billion
- $3,500 per citizen. That is a debt of $17,500 for every family of five
in America. Federal debt has been growing faster and faster since. And
the Federal Government has become a debilitating cancer rapidly sapping
and weakening its victim.
   Today in 1992 the federal debt is over $4 trillion. (And they "cook the
books" on the low side to come up with that figure - see Chapter Nine.)
The $4 trillion national debt amounts to $16,000 per citizen, or $80,000
per family of five. And if that debt were calculated in terms of working
or tax-paying families, it would be considerably higher. The Federal Gov-
ernment has become a bloated, out-of-control parasite, a terminal cancer.
The economy seems so weak that even after many months of blowing up the
currency supply, signs of recovery have to be searched for. The entire
system may be on the brink of complete collapse.
   The above figures do not include state, municipal, school district,
business, or personal debts, which total an additional $3 trillion. Total
debt in America is thus over $7 trillion - $28,000 per citizen - $120,000
per family of five. This is more than twice the assessed value of all the
land and buildings in America. Effectively all of America has been signed
over to the bankers. They can take America and we would still owe them
another America! Of course, it is to their advantage not to take actual
title to the property, so we will not realize that we really own nothing.
Instead they leave us with "ownership" so we will willingly continue to
work and pay ever higher tributes to the bankers.
   What we really have is national bankruptcy. Let me repeat the words of
Senator John Danforth:
   "I have never seen more senators express discontent with their jobs..
I think the major cause is that, deep down in our hearts, we have been
accomplices to doing something terrible and unforgivable to this won-
derful country. Deep down in our hearts, we know that we have bankrupted
America and that we have given our children a legacy of bankruptcy.... We
have defrauded our country to get ourselves elected."
         THE INEXORABLE TRANSFER OF WEALTH TO THE BANKERS
   To grasp the fact that periodic withdrawal of currency through interest
payments to the bankers will inexorably transfer all wealth in the nation
to the receivers of interest, imagine yourself in a poker or dice game.
Everyone has to buy chips (the medium of exchange) from a "banker" who
does not risk chips in the game, but watches the table and every hour rea-
ches in and takes 10% to 15% of all the chips on the table. As the game
progresses, the number of chips in the possession of each player will go
up and down with his or her "luck." However, the total number of chips
available to play the game (carry on business and trade) will decrease
steadily, while the "banker's" mountain of chips just grows and grows.
   The game will get low on chips, and some players will run out. If they
want to continue to play, they must buy or borrow more chips from the
"banker." The "banker" will sell (lend) the player more chips only if the
player signs a "mortgage" agreeing to give the "banker" some real pro-
perty (car, home, farm, business, etc.). If the payments should go into
default, the banker takes the property. The payments must be made on time,
whether the player wins (makes a profit) or not.
   It is easy to see that no matter how skillfully the players play,
eventually the "banker" will end up with all of his chips back. Except
for the very best or "luckiest" players, the rest, if they stay in the
game long enough, will end up owing to the "banker" their cars, their
homes, their farms, their businesses, and perhaps even their watches,
rings, and the shirts off their backs!
   Sir Josiah Stamp, President of the Bank of England in the 1920s, and
the second richest man in Britain at the time, said:
   "Banking was conceived in iniquity and was born in sin. The bankers
own the earth. Take it away from them but leave them in power to create
deposits, and with the flick of the pen they create enough deposits to
buy it back again. However, take it away from them, and all the great
fortunes like mine will disappear, and they ought to disappear, for this
would be a happier and better world to live in. But, if you wish to re-
main the slaves of bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery, let
them continue to create deposits."
   Our real-life situation is much worse than any poker game. In a poker
game no one is forced to go into debt, and anyone can quit at any time
and keep whatever he or she still has. But in real life, even if we borrow
little ourselves from the bankers, the local, state, and federal govern-
ments borrow billions in our name, squander it, then confiscate our earn-
ings from us and pay it to the bankers with interest. We are forced to
play their game, and it seems we can only leave the game by dying. We
pay as long as we live, and our childern pay after we die. If we cannot
pay, the same government sends the police to take our property and give
it to the bankers. The bankers risk nothing (at least, the Federal
Reserve bankers) in the game; they just collect their percentage and "win
it all." In Las Vegas all the games are "rigged" to pay the house (owner)
a percentage. They rake in millions. The Federal Reserve bankers' "game"
is similarly rigged, and it pays off in billions.
   In recent years bankers have added more "cards" to their game.
"Credit" cards are promoted as a convenience and a great boon to trade.
Actually, they are ingenious devices by which bankers collect %2 to 5%
of every retail sale from the seller and 18% or more interest from buy-
ers. A real stacked deck!
              POLITICIANS AND BANKERS IN THE SAME LEAGUE
   Democrat, Republican, and Independent voters have wondered why poli-
ticians always spend more tax currency than they collect. The reason
should now be clear. When you study our "debt-currency" system, you soon
realize that the politicians are not the agents of the people. They are
the agents of the Federal Reserve Bankers, for whom they plan ways to
place the people further in debt. Let me again quote the words of Senator
John Danforth:
   "I have never seen more senators express discontent with their jobs...
I think the major cause is that, deep down in our hearts, we have been
accomplices to doing something terrible and unforgivable to this wonder-
ful country. Deep down in our hearts, we know that we have bankrupted
America and that we have given our children a legacy of bankruptcy....
We have defrauded our country to get ourselves elected."
   Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution states, "The Congress
shall have power... to coin money, regulate the value thereof..." But what
have our politicians done? In 1913 the traitorously gave the U.S. Treasury
to the Federal Reserve bankers - lock, stock, and barrel! Someone recently
asked, "What's the difference between Kindergarten and Congress?" Answer:
"One has adult supervision!" Actually, we shouldn't criticize Congress,
after all, we have the best Congress money can buy. Chapter Ten examines
Congress in more detail.
                    FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM AUDIT
   The Federal Reserve has never been audited by the government. In 1975
a bill H.R. 4316, to require Federal Reserve audits, was introduced in
Congress. Due to pressure from the currency-controllers, it was rejected.
No audit of the Federal Reserve has ever been done.
                       MOUNTING DEBTS AND WARS
   We, as a people are now ruled by a "banker-owned system" that has
usurped the mantle of government, disguised itself as our legitimate
government, and set about to pauperize and control the people. It is now
a centralized, all-powerful apparatus whose main purposes are spending the
people's currency, promoting war, and propagandizing to perpetuate itself
in power. Our two large political parties (the "Demopublicans" also call-
ed "Republicrats") have become its servants, the various departments of
government its spending agencies, and the Internal Revenue Service its
collection agency.
   Unknown to the people, our "banker-owned system" operates in close
cooperation with similar apparatuses in other nations, also disguised as
"governments." Some, we are told, are friends. Others, we are told, are
enemies. "Enemies" are built up through international manipulations and
used to frighten the American people into going billions of dollars more
into debt to the bankers for "military preparedness," "foreign aid to
stop communism," "minority rights," etc. Citizens, deliberately confused
by brainwashing propaganda, watch helplessly while our politicians give
our food, goods, and gold to banker-controlled alien governments under the
guise of "better relations," "easing tensions," or "humanitarian aide."
Our banker-controlled government takes our finest and bravest sons and
sends them into foreign wars, where tens of thousands are murdered and
hundreds of thousands are crippled. Other thousands are morally corrupted
and addicted to drugs. When the "war" is over we have gained nothing, but
we are scores of billions mre in debt to the bankers - which was the real
reason for the war in the first place!
                   MORE THAN JUST ECONOMIC RAPE
   The profits from these massive debts have been used to erect a com-
plete and almost hidden economic and political colossus over our nation.
Our "banker-owned system" keeps telling us they are trying to do us good,
when in truth they work to harm and injure the people. These would-be
despots kow it is easier to control and rob an ignorant, poorly-educated,
and confused people than it is an informed population, so they deliber-
ately degrade our educational systems. For the same reason they secretly
favor drug use, alcohol, racial conflict, and crime in general. Their "war
on drugs," as an example, only produces more drug use and a host of relat-
ed crimes. Everything which debilitates the minds and bodies of the people
is secretly encouraged, as it makes the people less able to oppose them,
or even to understand what is being done to them. The system wants medio-
cre, unthinking, helpless "sheople."
   Family, morals, and all that is honorable is being swept away, while
our "banker-owned system" builds their new subservient man, the found-
ation of their "new world order." Our new rulers are trying to change our
whole political, social, and racial order, but they will not change the
debt-currency economic system by which they rob and rule. Our people have
become tenants and "debt-slaves" to the bankers and their agents in the
land our fathers conquered. It is conquest through the most gigantic
fraud and swindle in the history of humankind. And we remind you again:
The key to their wealth and power over us is their MONOPOLISTIC ability
to "create" currency out of nothing and to lend it to us at interest. If
Congress had not allowed them to do that, they never would have gained
secret control over our nation.
                   CONTROLLED NEWS AND INFORMATION
   This currency-lender conspiracy ("consPIRACY") is as old as Babylon.
Even in America it dates far back before 1913. Actually, 1913 was the
year in which the way opened for complete economic conquest of our peo-
ple. The conspiracy is old enough to America so that the system's agents
have been for many years in positions such as newspaper publishers, edit-
tors, columnists, church ministers, university presidents, professors,
textbook authors, attorneys, accountants, labor union leaders, movie mak-
ers, radio and TV commentators, politicians from school board members to
U.S. Presidents, and many others.
   These agents control the information available to our people. They
manipulate public opinion, elect who they will locally and nationally,
and never expose the crooked currency system. They promote school bonds,
municipal bonds, expensive and detrimental farm programs, "urban renew-
al," "foreign aid," and many other schemes which will put the people more
in debt to the bankers. Thoughtful citizens wonder why billions are spent
on one program and billions on another which may duplicate or even null-
ify it, such as paying some farmers not to raise crops, while at the same
time building dams or canals to irrigate more farm land. Crazy or stupid?
Neither. The goal is more debt. Thousands of government-sponsored ways to
waste "money" are perpetrated continually. Most make no sense, but they
are never exposed for what they really are: builders of billions for the
bankers and debts for the people.
   So-called "economic experts" write syndicated columns in hundreds of
newspapers, craftily designed to prevent the people from learning the
simple truth about our debt-currency system. Commentators on radio and
TV, educators, and politicians blame the people as wasteful, lazy, or
spendthrift, and blame the workers and consumers for the increase in
debts and the inflation of prices, when they really know that the basic
cause is the debt-currency system itself. Our people are drowned in char-
ges and counter-charges designed to confuse them and keep them from under-
standing the evil currency system that so silently robs the workers, farm-
ers, and business people of the fruit of their labor. And, increasingly,
the system is being used to rob us of our rights and freedoms, supposedly
guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution.
   "Ten business and financial corporations control the three major tele-
vision and radio networks (NBC, CBS, ABC), 34 subsidiary television stat-
ions, 201 cable TV systems, 62 radio stations, 20 record companies, 59
magazines, 58 newspapers, including the NEW YORK TIMES, the WASHINGTON
POST, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL, and the LOS ANGELES TIMES, 41 book pub-
lishers and various motion picture companies like Columbia Pictures and
Twentieth Century Fox. Three quarters of the major stockholders of ABC,
CBS and NBC are banks, such as Chase Manhattan, Morgan Guaranty Trust,
Citibank, and Bank of America.
   The overall pattern is one of increasing concentration of ownership
and earnings. According to a 1982 LOS ANGLEES TIMES survey, independent
daily newspapers are being gobbled up by the chains at the rate of fifty
or sixty a year. Ten newspaper chains earn over half of all newspaper rev-
enue in this country. Five media conglomerates share 95 percent of the
record and tapes market with Warner and CBS alone controlling 65 percent
of the market. Eight Hollywood studios account for 89 percent of U.S.
feature film rentals. Three television networks earn over two-thirds of
total U.S. television revenues. Seven paperback publishers dominate the
mass market for books...
   While having an abundance of numbers and giving an appearance of di-
versity, the mass media actually are highly centralized outlets that
proffer a remarkably homogenized fare. New services for dailies through-
out the entire nation are provided by the Associated Press and United
Press International (which may soon merge with AP or go under), The New
York Times-Washington Post wire services, and several foreign wire ser-
vices like Reuters. The ideological viewpoint of these news conduits are
pretty much the same, marked by prefabricated standardization of news
which is constricting and frightening."
"The power to control information is a major lever in the control of
society. Giving citizens a choice in ideas and information is as impor-
tant as giving them a choice in politics. If a nation has narrowly con-
trolled information it will soon have narrowly controlled politics."
   When a few informed and concerned people or organizations who know the
truth begin to expose the bankers and their agents, or try to stop any of
their mad schemes, the messengers are ridiculed and smeared as "right-
wing extremists," "super-patriots," "bigots," "racists," "facists," or
"antisemites." Any name is used to discredit them, and to stop other peo-
ple from listening. Books and articles such as you are now reading are
kept out of schools, libraries, and book stores.
   Some, who are especially vocal in their exposure of the treason com-
mitted against our people, are harassed by government agencies such as
the IRS, FDA, EPA, OSHA, and others, causing them financial loss or bank-
ruptcy. Sometimes their businesses and homes are violently raided at gun-
point, and their money, currency, equipment, and records confiscated, so
it is very difficult, if at all possible to continue their business. In
Chapter One the National Commodity and Barter Association was mentioned as
an example of such raids. But the most striking case has been that of Ezra
Pound, which is covered below.
   Using these methods, the Federal Reserve bankers and their agents have
been completely successful in preventing most Americans from learning the
things you are reading in this report. However, in spite of their control
of information, they realize that more and more citizens are learning the
truth. Therefore, to prevent retaliation and armed resistance to their
plunder of America, they plan to register all firearms and eventually
disarm all citizens. They want to eliminate all guns not in the hands of
their government police or army. Our wise Founding Fathers wrote the Se-
cond Amendment to the Constitution so that the people could protect them-
selves against the government.
   Love of life, interest in your freedom, compassion for humanity, con-
cern for your children, and the safety of all you have worked for should
make you deeply interested in this, America's greatest problem. Our gener-
ation has not suffered under the bankers' yoke as the coming generations
will. Usury and taxes will continue to take a larger and larger part of
the earnings of the people and put them deeper into the pockets of the
bankers and their agents. Increasing "government" regulations will prevent citizen
protest and opposition to their control. Is it possible that your grand-
children will own neither car nor home, but will live in "government-
owned" apratments and ride to work in "government-owned" buses, and be
allowed to keep just enough of their earnings to buy a minimum of food and
clothing, while their rulers wallow in luxury? In Asia and Eastern Europe
this used to be called communism. In America it is called democracy or
   Horace Greeley stated, "While boasting of our noble deeds, we are
careful to conceal the ugly fact that by an iniquitious currency system
we have nationalized a system of oppression which, though more refined, is
no less cruel than the old system of chattel slavery."
                     THE CASE OF EZRA POUND
   Ezra Pound was a poet, one of America's greatest - if not the great-
est. He played a major role in the development of writers and poets, such
as E.E. Cummings, T.S. Elliot, Robert Frost, Ernest Hemingway, James Joyce,
and William Carlos Williams. He also studied politics, economics, banking,
and monetary theory. He disapproved of war. During World War II, he hid a
number of Jews from the Nazi exterminators; if discovered the penalty
would have been death. He broadcast a series of talks on Italian radio
aimed at Americans. He had wanted America to stay out of the war, and he
said some uncomplimentary things about President Franklin D. Roosevelt. He
also stated some of his political and monetary ideas. He was accused of
being a traitor. At the end of the war he was imprisoned in an American
concentration camp near Pisa, Italy for six months without trial. Then he
was transferred to America where he was declared insane and imprisoned in
a mental hospital in Washington D.C. for thirteen years. After which the
treason charges, for which he had never stood trial, were dropped, and he
was released. He returned to Italy, where he lived until his death in
   The reason he was not tried seems to be that his prosecutors didn't
have a case that would hold up in court and/or they were afraid that he
would repeat in court what he had said over the radio in Italy. Wendell
Muncie, M.D., one of the psychiatrists involved in his "sanity hearing,"
said that Pound's insanity consisted of three factors: his passion for the
U.S. Constitution, his espousal of the Confucian ethic, and his desire for
world peace. No formal diagnosis of Pound's supposed "insanity" has been
found. His captors in Washington openly admitted that Pound was a polit-
ical prisoner. A Congressional investigation started in 1957 and completed
in 1958 exposed the inadequacy of the case against Pound and led to his
   Here are some extracts from Pound's radio talks:
. "I think an alliance with Stalin's Russia is rotten." (January 29,1942)
."Liberty is not a right but a duty." (March 8, 1942)
."Sovereignty inheres in the right to issue money. And the American sov-
ereignty belongs by right to the people, and their representatives in
Congress have the right to issue money and to determine the value thereof.
And 120 million, 120 million suckers have lamentably failed to insist on
the obeservation of this quite decided law.... Now the point at which em-
bezzlement of the nation's funds on the part of her officers becomes trea-
son can probably be decided only by jurists, and not by hand-picked judges
who support illegality." (April 9, 1942)
.Quotes read by Pound: 1. "'I believe that banking institutions are more
dangerous to our liberties than standing armies.' - Thomas Jefferson.
2. 'I have two great enemies, the southern army in front of me and the
financial institutions in the rear. Of the two, the one in the rear is the
greatest enemy.' - Abraham Lincoln.
3. 'The money power preys upon the nation in times of peace and conspires
against it in times of adversity. It is more despotic than monarchy, more
insolent than autocracy, more selfish than bureaucracy; it denounces as
public enemies all who question its methods, or throw light upon its
crimes.' - William Jennings Bryan." (July 26, 1942)
.Back to Pound's own words: "Wars in old times were made to get slaves.
The modern implement of imposing slavery is debt." (March 25, 1943)
."The phase of the usury system which we are trying to analyze is more or
less Patterson''s perception that the Bank of England could have benefit
of all the interest on all the money that it creates out of nothing....
Now the American citizen can, of course, appeal to his constitution, which
states that Congress shall have power to coin money or regulate the value
thereof and of foreign coin. Such appeal is perhaps quixotic." (March 30,
."That text is known to them that have the patience to read it, possibly
one-hundredth of one percent of the denizens. They forget it, all save
a few Western states. I think somebody in Dakota once read it. The Consti-
tution." June 30, 1943)
       THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM IS UNCONSTITUTIONALAND ILLEGAL
   Although there has never been a court case that challenged the legal-
ity of the Federal Reserve System, there was a challenge to the National
Recovery Act or NRA, which has ruled unconstitutional. The U.S. Supreme
Court - Schechter Poultry v. U.S.,29 U.S.495, 55 U.S. 837.842 (1935) -
ruled that, "Congress may not ABDICATE OR TRANSFER TO OTHERS ITS LEGITI-
MATE FUNCTIONS.." Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution states,
"The Congress shall have power... to coin money, regulate the value there-
of..." By passing the Federal Reserve Act, Congress abdicated and trans-
ferred to the Federal Reserve bankers its constitutionally legitimate
function of issuing and controlling money. If the Supreme Court ruling on
the NRA is applied to the Federal Reserve System, the unconstitutionality
and illegality of the Fed becomes obvious.
                        TELL THE PEOPLE
   America will not shake off her illegal banker-controlled dictatorship
as long as the people are ignorant of the hidden controllers. Interna-
tional bankers, who control most of the governments of the nations and
most sources of information, seem to have us completely in their grasp.
They are afraid of only one thing: an awakened citizenry armed with the
truth. An ignorant citizen is the banker-government's best "client." An
informed citizen is the banker-government's worst nightmare.
   Robert H. Hemphill, Credit Manager of the Federal Reserve Bank of At-
lanta Georgia, said:
   "This is a staggering thought. We are completely dependent on the com-
mercial banks. Someone has to borrow every dollar we have in circulation,
cash, or credit. If the banks create ample synthetic money, we are pros-
perous; if not, we starve. We are absolutely without a permanent money
system. When one gets a complete grasp of the picture, the tragic absur-
dity of our hopeless position is almost incredible, but there it is. It
is the most important subject intelligent persons can investigate and re-
flect upon. It is so important that our present civilization may collapse
unless it becomes widely understood and the defect remedied very soon."
                        PRIVATE BANKING
   In California a very private "non-bank" has been operating successfully
for fifteen years. It caters for accounts in gold or Federal Reserve
Notes. It is completely private and doesn't report to anyone. It pays in-
terest on both gold and Federal Reserve Note balances. Ideally, we need to
establish a network of private banks throughout the country, and even-
tually throughout the rest of the world. See Chapter Twelve.

@_date: 1995-09-27 23:14:18
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
that they do. 95% of all "cash" transactions in the U.S. are by check.
Checks are thus effectively also currency. The banker creates the so-
called "loan" by writing a check or deposit slip, not against actual
money, but against your promise to pay back the loan. The only cost to the
bank is the paper,ink, and a few dollars in salaries and office costs for
each tansaction. It is "check-kiting" on an enormous scale! The profits
are enormous as shown below.
                 THE COST TO YOU? PRACTICALLY EVERYTHING
   In 1910 the U.S. federal debt was $1,147,000,000 - $12 per citizen.
State and local debts were practically non-existent, and government was
small and not oppressive.
   By 1920, after only six years of the Federal Reserve handling our
currency, the federal debt had jumped to $24 billion - $228 per citizen.
The Federal Government began to grow like an invisible cancer in its ear-
ly stages.
   By 1968 the federal debt had jumped to $347 billion - $1,717 per cit-
izen. Ten years later, by 1978 it had doubled again to $763 billion
- $3,500 per citizen. That is a debt of $17,500 for every family of five
in America. Federal debt has been growing faster and faster since. And
the Federal Government has become a debilitating cancer rapidly sapping
and weakening its victim.
   Today in 1992 the federal debt is over $4 trillion. (And they "cook the
books" on the low side to come up with that figure - see Chapter Nine.)
The $4 trillion national debt amounts to $16,000 per citizen, or $80,000
per family of five. And if that debt were calculated in terms of working
or tax-paying families, it would be considerably higher. The Federal Gov-
ernment has become a bloated, out-of-control parasite, a terminal cancer.
The economy seems so weak that even after many months of blowing up the
currency supply, signs of recovery have to be searched for. The entire
system may be on the brink of complete collapse.
   The above figures do not include state, municipal, school district,
business, or personal debts, which total an additional $3 trillion. Total
debt in America is thus over $7 trillion - $28,000 per citizen - $120,000
per family of five. This is more than twice the assessed value of all the
land and buildings in America. Effectively all of America has been signed
over to the bankers. They can take America and we would still owe them
another America! Of course, it is to their advantage not to take actual
title to the property, so we will not realize that we really own nothing.
Instead they leave us with "ownership" so we will willingly continue to
work and pay ever higher tributes to the bankers.
   What we really have is national bankruptcy. Let me repeat the words of
Senator John Danforth:
   "I have never seen more senators express discontent with their jobs..
I think the major cause is that, deep down in our hearts, we have been
accomplices to doing something terrible and unforgivable to this won-
derful country. Deep down in our hearts, we know that we have bankrupted
America and that we have given our children a legacy of bankruptcy.... We
have defrauded our country to get ourselves elected."
         THE INEXORABLE TRANSFER OF WEALTH TO THE BANKERS
   To grasp the fact that periodic withdrawal of currency through interest
payments to the bankers will inexorably transfer all wealth in the nation
to the receivers of interest, imagine yourself in a poker or dice game.
Everyone has to buy chips (the medium of exchange) from a "banker" who
does not risk chips in the game, but watches the table and every hour rea-
ches in and takes 10% to 15% of all the chips on the table. As the game
progresses, the number of chips in the possession of each player will go
up and down with his or her "luck." However, the total number of chips
available to play the game (carry on business and trade) will decrease
steadily, while the "banker's" mountain of chips just grows and grows.
   The game will get low on chips, and some players will run out. If they
want to continue to play, they must buy or borrow more chips from the
"banker." The "banker" will sell (lend) the player more chips only if the
player signs a "mortgage" agreeing to give the "banker" some real pro-
perty (car, home, farm, business, etc.). If the payments should go into
default, the banker takes the property. The payments must be made on time,
whether the player wins (makes a profit) or not.
   It is easy to see that no matter how skillfully the players play,
eventually the "banker" will end up with all of his chips back. Except
for the very best or "luckiest" players, the rest, if they stay in the
game long enough, will end up owing to the "banker" their cars, their
homes, their farms, their businesses, and perhaps even their watches,
rings, and the shirts off their backs!
   Sir Josiah Stamp, President of the Bank of England in the 1920s, and
the second richest man in Britain at the time, said:
   "Banking was conceived in iniquity and was born in sin. The bankers
own the earth. Take it away from them but leave them in power to create
deposits, and with the flick of the pen they create enough deposits to
buy it back again. However, take it away from them, and all the great
fortunes like mine will disappear, and they ought to disappear, for this
would be a happier and better world to live in. But, if you wish to re-
main the slaves of bankers and pay the cost of your own slavery, let
them continue to create deposits."
   Our real-life situation is much worse than any poker game. In a poker
game no one is forced to go into debt, and anyone can quit at any time
and keep whatever he or she still has. But in real life, even if we borrow
little ourselves from the bankers, the local, state, and federal govern-
ments borrow billions in our name, squander it, then confiscate our earn-
ings from us and pay it to the bankers with interest. We are forced to
play their game, and it seems we can only leave the game by dying. We
pay as long as we live, and our childern pay after we die. If we cannot
pay, the same government sends the police to take our property and give
it to the bankers. The bankers risk nothing (at least, the Federal
Reserve bankers) in the game; they just collect their percentage and "win
it all." In Las Vegas all the games are "rigged" to pay the house (owner)
a percentage. They rake in millions. The Federal Reserve bankers' "game"
is similarly rigged, and it pays off in billions.
   In recent years bankers have added more "cards" to their game.
"Credit" cards are promoted as a convenience and a great boon to trade.
Actually, they are ingenious devices by which bankers collect %2 to 5%
of every retail sale from the seller and 18% or more interest from buy-
ers. A real stacked deck!
              POLITICIANS AND BANKERS IN THE SAME LEAGUE
   Democrat, Republican, and Independent voters have wondered why poli-
ticians always spend more tax currency than they collect. The reason
should now be clear. When you study our "debt-currency" system, you soon
realize that the politicians are not the agents of the people. They are
the agents of the Federal Reserve Bankers, for whom they plan ways to
place the people further in debt. Let me again quote the words of Senator
John Danforth:
   "I have never seen more senators express discontent with their jobs...
I think the major cause is that, deep down in our hearts, we have been
accomplices to doing something terrible and unforgivable to this wonder-
ful country. Deep down in our hearts, we know that we have bankrupted
America and that we have given our children a legacy of bankruptcy....
We have defrauded our country to get ourselves elected."
   Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution states, "The Congress
shall have power... to coin money, regulate the value thereof..." But what
have our politicians done? In 1913 the traitorously gave the U.S. Treasury
to the Federal Reserve bankers - lock, stock, and barrel! Someone recently
asked, "What's the difference between Kindergarten and Congress?" Answer:
"One has adult supervision!" Actually, we shouldn't criticize Congress,
after all, we have the best Congress money can buy. Chapter Ten examines
Congress in more detail.
                    FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM AUDIT
   The Federal Reserve has never been audited by the government. In 1975
a bill H.R. 4316, to require Federal Reserve audits, was introduced in
Congress. Due to pressure from the currency-controllers, it was rejected.
No audit of the Federal Reserve has ever been done.
                       MOUNTING DEBTS AND WARS
   We, as a people are now ruled by a "banker-owned system" that has
usurped the mantle of government, disguised itself as our legitimate
government, and set about to pauperize and control the people. It is now
a centralized, all-powerful apparatus whose main purposes are spending the
people's currency, promoting war, and propagandizing to perpetuate itself
in power. Our two large political parties (the "Demopublicans" also call-
ed "Republicrats") have become its servants, the various departments of
government its spending agencies, and the Internal Revenue Service its
collection agency.
   Unknown to the people, our "banker-owned system" operates in close
cooperation with similar apparatuses in other nations, also disguised as
"governments." Some, we are told, are friends. Others, we are told, are
enemies. "Enemies" are built up through international manipulations and
used to frighten the American people into going billions of dollars more
into debt to the bankers for "military preparedness," "foreign aid to
stop communism," "minority rights," etc. Citizens, deliberately confused
by brainwashing propaganda, watch helplessly while our politicians give
our food, goods, and gold to banker-controlled alien governments under the
guise of "better relations," "easing tensions," or "humanitarian aide."
Our banker-controlled government takes our finest and bravest sons and
sends them into foreign wars, where tens of thousands are murdered and
hundreds of thousands are crippled. Other thousands are morally corrupted
and addicted to drugs. When the "war" is over we have gained nothing, but
we are scores of billions mre in debt to the bankers - which was the real
reason for the war in the first place!
                   MORE THAN JUST ECONOMIC RAPE
   The profits from these massive debts have been used to erect a com-
plete and almost hidden economic and political colossus over our nation.
Our "banker-owned system" keeps telling us they are trying to do us good,
when in truth they work to harm and injure the people. These would-be
despots kow it is easier to control and rob an ignorant, poorly-educated,
and confused people than it is an informed population, so they deliber-
ately degrade our educational systems. For the same reason they secretly
favor drug use, alcohol, racial conflict, and crime in general. Their "war
on drugs," as an example, only produces more drug use and a host of relat-
ed crimes. Everything which debilitates the minds and bodies of the people
is secretly encouraged, as it makes the people less able to oppose them,
or even to understand what is being done to them. The system wants medio-
cre, unthinking, helpless "sheople."
   Family, morals, and all that is honorable is being swept away, while
our "banker-owned system" builds their new subservient man, the found-
ation of their "new world order." Our new rulers are trying to change our
whole political, social, and racial order, but they will not change the
debt-currency economic system by which they rob and rule. Our people have
become tenants and "debt-slaves" to the bankers and their agents in the
land our fathers conquered. It is conquest through the most gigantic
fraud and swindle in the history of humankind. And we remind you again:
The key to their wealth and power over us is their MONOPOLISTIC ability
to "create" currency out of nothing and to lend it to us at interest. If
Congress had not allowed them to do that, they never would have gained
secret control over our nation.
                   CONTROLLED NEWS AND INFORMATION
   This currency-lender conspiracy ("consPIRACY") is as old as Babylon.
Even in America it dates far back before 1913. Actually, 1913 was the
year in which the way opened for complete economic conquest of our peo-
ple. The conspiracy is old enough to America so that the system's agents
have been for many years in positions such as newspaper publishers, edit-
tors, columnists, church ministers, university presidents, professors,
textbook authors, attorneys, accountants, labor union leaders, movie mak-
ers, radio and TV commentators, politicians from school board members to
U.S. Presidents, and many others.
   These agents control the information available to our people. They
manipulate public opinion, elect who they will locally and nationally,
and never expose the crooked currency system. They promote school bonds,
municipal bonds, expensive and detrimental farm programs, "urban renew-
al," "foreign aid," and many other schemes which will put the people more
in debt to the bankers. Thoughtful citizens wonder why billions are spent
on one program and billions on another which may duplicate or even null-
ify it, such as paying some farmers not to raise crops, while at the same
time building dams or canals to irrigate more farm land. Crazy or stupid?
Neither. The goal is more debt. Thousands of government-sponsored ways to
waste "money" are perpetrated continually. Most make no sense, but they
are never exposed for what they really are: builders of billions for the
bankers and debts for the people.
   So-called "economic experts" write syndicated columns in hundreds of
newspapers, craftily designed to prevent the people from learning the
simple truth about our debt-currency system. Commentators on radio and
TV, educators, and politicians blame the people as wasteful, lazy, or
spendthrift, and blame the workers and consumers for the increase in
debts and the inflation of prices, when they really know that the basic
cause is the debt-currency system itself. Our people are drowned in char-
ges and counter-charges designed to confuse them and keep them from under-
standing the evil currency system that so silently robs the workers, farm-
ers, and business people of the fruit of their labor. And, increasingly,
the system is being used to rob us of our rights and freedoms, supposedly
guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution.
   "Ten business and financial corporations control the three major tele-
vision and radio networks (NBC, CBS, ABC), 34 subsidiary television stat-
ions, 201 cable TV systems, 62 radio stations, 20 record companies, 59
magazines, 58 newspapers, including the NEW YORK TIMES, the WASHINGTON
POST, THE WALL STREET JOURNAL, and the LOS ANGELES TIMES, 41 book pub-
lishers and various motion picture companies like Columbia Pictures and
Twentieth Century Fox. Three quarters of the major stockholders of ABC,
CBS and NBC are banks, such as Chase Manhattan, Morgan Guaranty Trust,
Citibank, and Bank of America.
   The overall pattern is one of increasing concentration of ownership
and earnings. According to a 1982 LOS ANGLEES TIMES survey, independent
daily newspapers are being gobbled up by the chains at the rate of fifty
or sixty a year. Ten newspaper chains earn over half of all newspaper rev-
enue in this country. Five media conglomerates share 95 percent of the
record and tapes market with Warner and CBS alone controlling 65 percent
of the market. Eight Hollywood studios account for 89 percent of U.S.
feature film rentals. Three television networks earn over two-thirds of
total U.S. television revenues. Seven paperback publishers dominate the
mass market for books...
   While having an abundance of numbers and giving an appearance of di-
versity, the mass media actually are highly centralized outlets that
proffer a remarkably homogenized fare. New services for dailies through-
out the entire nation are provided by the Associated Press and United
Press International (which may soon merge with AP or go under), The New
York Times-Washington Post wire services, and several foreign wire ser-
vices like Reuters. The ideological viewpoint of these news conduits are
pretty much the same, marked by prefabricated standardization of news
which is constricting and frightening."
"The power to control information is a major lever in the control of
society. Giving citizens a choice in ideas and information is as impor-
tant as giving them a choice in politics. If a nation has narrowly con-
trolled information it will soon have narrowly controlled politics."
   When a few informed and concerned people or organizations who know the
truth begin to expose the bankers and their agents, or try to stop any of
their mad schemes, the messengers are ridiculed and smeared as "right-
wing extremists," "super-patriots," "bigots," "racists," "facists," or
"antisemites." Any name is used to discredit them, and to stop other peo-
ple from listening. Books and articles such as you are now reading are
kept out of schools, libraries, and book stores.
   Some, who are especially vocal in their exposure of the treason com-
mitted against our people, are harassed by government agencies such as
the IRS, FDA, EPA, OSHA, and others, causing them financial loss or bank-
ruptcy. Sometimes their businesses and homes are violently raided at gun-
point, and their money, currency, equipment, and records confiscated, so
it is very difficult, if at all possible to continue their business. In
Chapter One the National Commodity and Barter Association was mentioned as
an example of such raids. But the most striking case has been that of Ezra
Pound, which is covered below.
   Using these methods, the Federal Reserve bankers and their agents have
been completely successful in preventing most Americans from learning the
things you are reading in this report. However, in spite of their control
of information, they realize that more and more citizens are learning the
truth. Therefore, to prevent retaliation and armed resistance to their
plunder of America, they plan to register all firearms and eventually
disarm all citizens. They want to eliminate all guns not in the hands of
their government police or army. Our wise Founding Fathers wrote the Se-
cond Amendment to the Constitution so that the people could protect them-
selves against the government.
   Love of life, interest in your freedom, compassion for humanity, con-
cern for your children, and the safety of all you have worked for should
make you deeply interested in this, America's greatest problem. Our gener-
ation has not suffered under the bankers' yoke as the coming generations
will. Usury and taxes will continue to take a larger and larger part of
the earnings of the people and put them deeper into the pockets of the
bankers and their agents. Increasing "government" regulations will prevent citizen
protest and opposition to their control. Is it possible that your grand-
children will own neither car nor home, but will live in "government-
owned" apratments and ride to work in "government-owned" buses, and be
allowed to keep just enough of their earnings to buy a minimum of food and
clothing, while their rulers wallow in luxury? In Asia and Eastern Europe
this used to be called communism. In America it is called democracy or
   Horace Greeley stated, "While boasting of our noble deeds, we are
careful to conceal the ugly fact that by an iniquitious currency system
we have nationalized a system of oppression which, though more refined, is
no less cruel than the old system of chattel slavery."
                     THE CASE OF EZRA POUND
   Ezra Pound was a poet, one of America's greatest - if not the great-
est. He played a major role in the development of writers and poets, such
as E.E. Cummings, T.S. Elliot, Robert Frost, Ernest Hemingway, James Joyce,
and William Carlos Williams. He also studied politics, economics, banking,
and monetary theory. He disapproved of war. During World War II, he hid a
number of Jews from the Nazi exterminators; if discovered the penalty
would have been death. He broadcast a series of talks on Italian radio
aimed at Americans. He had wanted America to stay out of the war, and he
said some uncomplimentary things about President Franklin D. Roosevelt. He
also stated some of his political and monetary ideas. He was accused of
being a traitor. At the end of the war he was imprisoned in an American
concentration camp near Pisa, Italy for six months without trial. Then he
was transferred to America where he was declared insane and imprisoned in
a mental hospital in Washington D.C. for thirteen years. After which the
treason charges, for which he had never stood trial, were dropped, and he
was released. He returned to Italy, where he lived until his death in
   The reason he was not tried seems to be that his prosecutors didn't
have a case that would hold up in court and/or they were afraid that he
would repeat in court what he had said over the radio in Italy. Wendell
Muncie, M.D., one of the psychiatrists involved in his "sanity hearing,"
said that Pound's insanity consisted of three factors: his passion for the
U.S. Constitution, his espousal of the Confucian ethic, and his desire for
world peace. No formal diagnosis of Pound's supposed "insanity" has been
found. His captors in Washington openly admitted that Pound was a polit-
ical prisoner. A Congressional investigation started in 1957 and completed
in 1958 exposed the inadequacy of the case against Pound and led to his
   Here are some extracts from Pound's radio talks:
. "I think an alliance with Stalin's Russia is rotten." (January 29,1942)
."Liberty is not a right but a duty." (March 8, 1942)
."Sovereignty inheres in the right to issue money. And the American sov-
ereignty belongs by right to the people, and their representatives in
Congress have the right to issue money and to determine the value thereof.
And 120 million, 120 million suckers have lamentably failed to insist on
the obeservation of this quite decided law.... Now the point at which em-
bezzlement of the nation's funds on the part of her officers becomes trea-
son can probably be decided only by jurists, and not by hand-picked judges
who support illegality." (April 9, 1942)
.Quotes read by Pound: 1. "'I believe that banking institutions are more
dangerous to our liberties than standing armies.' - Thomas Jefferson.
2. 'I have two great enemies, the southern army in front of me and the
financial institutions in the rear. Of the two, the one in the rear is the
greatest enemy.' - Abraham Lincoln.
3. 'The money power preys upon the nation in times of peace and conspires
against it in times of adversity. It is more despotic than monarchy, more
insolent than autocracy, more selfish than bureaucracy; it denounces as
public enemies all who question its methods, or throw light upon its
crimes.' - William Jennings Bryan." (July 26, 1942)
.Back to Pound's own words: "Wars in old times were made to get slaves.
The modern implement of imposing slavery is debt." (March 25, 1943)
."The phase of the usury system which we are trying to analyze is more or
less Patterson''s perception that the Bank of England could have benefit
of all the interest on all the money that it creates out of nothing....
Now the American citizen can, of course, appeal to his constitution, which
states that Congress shall have power to coin money or regulate the value
thereof and of foreign coin. Such appeal is perhaps quixotic." (March 30,
."That text is known to them that have the patience to read it, possibly
one-hundredth of one percent of the denizens. They forget it, all save
a few Western states. I think somebody in Dakota once read it. The Consti-
tution." June 30, 1943)
       THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM IS UNCONSTITUTIONALAND ILLEGAL
   Although there has never been a court case that challenged the legal-
ity of the Federal Reserve System, there was a challenge to the National
Recovery Act or NRA, which has ruled unconstitutional. The U.S. Supreme
Court - Schechter Poultry v. U.S.,29 U.S.495, 55 U.S. 837.842 (1935) -
ruled that, "Congress may not ABDICATE OR TRANSFER TO OTHERS ITS LEGITI-
MATE FUNCTIONS.." Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution states,
"The Congress shall have power... to coin money, regulate the value there-
of..." By passing the Federal Reserve Act, Congress abdicated and trans-
ferred to the Federal Reserve bankers its constitutionally legitimate
function of issuing and controlling money. If the Supreme Court ruling on
the NRA is applied to the Federal Reserve System, the unconstitutionality
and illegality of the Fed becomes obvious.
                        TELL THE PEOPLE
   America will not shake off her illegal banker-controlled dictatorship
as long as the people are ignorant of the hidden controllers. Interna-
tional bankers, who control most of the governments of the nations and
most sources of information, seem to have us completely in their grasp.
They are afraid of only one thing: an awakened citizenry armed with the
truth. An ignorant citizen is the banker-government's best "client." An
informed citizen is the banker-government's worst nightmare.
   Robert H. Hemphill, Credit Manager of the Federal Reserve Bank of At-
lanta Georgia, said:
   "This is a staggering thought. We are completely dependent on the com-
mercial banks. Someone has to borrow every dollar we have in circulation,
cash, or credit. If the banks create ample synthetic money, we are pros-
perous; if not, we starve. We are absolutely without a permanent money
system. When one gets a complete grasp of the picture, the tragic absur-
dity of our hopeless position is almost incredible, but there it is. It
is the most important subject intelligent persons can investigate and re-
flect upon. It is so important that our present civilization may collapse
unless it becomes widely understood and the defect remedied very soon."
                        PRIVATE BANKING
   In California a very private "non-bank" has been operating successfully
for fifteen years. It caters for accounts in gold or Federal Reserve
Notes. It is completely private and doesn't report to anyone. It pays in-
terest on both gold and Federal Reserve Note balances. Ideally, we need to
establish a network of private banks throughout the country, and even-
tually throughout the rest of the world. See Chapter Twelve.

@_date: 1995-09-28 18:10:21
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Q&A on the RSA/Cylink legal dispute 
Real Answer:  Because they're all a bunch of crooks.  PKP was formed
for the purpose of monopolizing the market and screwing the customers. Unfortunately, RSA and Cylink were too busy trying to screw each other
that they forgot what their real mission was.
According to the settlement, RSA made only one offer, which Cylink
refused.  (Which was all that RSA was obligated to do.)
Maybe not, but it looks like RSA has their own spin doctors working
on it as well.

@_date: 1995-09-30 18:30:13
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Auto-signing 
Look at I don't know of any others. although the moderator of comp.os.linux.announce
has a policy of PGP-signing all approved posts as a method of combatting

@_date: 1996-04-10 19:04:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No matter where you go, there they are. 
Location-based System Delivers User
Authentication Breakthrough
By Dorothy E. Denning and Peter F. MacDoran
Copyright(c), 1996 - Computer Security Institute - All Rights Reserved
Top - Help
Existing user authentication mechanisms are based on information the user
knows (e.g., password or PIN), possession of a device (e.g, access token or
crypto- card), or information derived from a personal characteristic
(biometrics). None of these methods are foolproof. Passwords and PINs are
often vulnerable to guessing, interception or brute force search. Devices
can be stolen. Biometrics
can be vulnerable to interception and replay.
A new approach to authentication utilizes space geodetic methods to form a
time- dependent location signature that is virtually impossible to forge.
The signature is used to determine the location (latitude, longitude and
height) of a user attempting to access a system, and to reject access if
the site is not approved for that user. With location-based controls, a
hacker in Russia would be unableto log into a funds transfer system in the
United States while pretending to come from a bank in Argentina.
Location-based authentication can be used to control access to sensitive
systems, transactions or information. It would be a strong deterrent to
many potential intruders, who now hide behind the anonymity afforded by
their remote locations and fraudulent use of conventional authentication
methods. If the fraudulent actors were required to reveal their location in
order to gain access, their anonymity would be significantly eroded and
their chances of getting caught would increase.
Authentication through geodetic location has other benefits. It can be
continuous, thereby protecting against channel hijacking. It can be
transparent to the user. Unlike most other types of authentication
information, a user's location can serve as a common authenticator for all
systems the user accesses. These features make location-based
authentication a good technique to use in conjunction with single log-on.
Another benefit is there is no secret information to protect either at the
host or user end. If a user's authentication device is stolen, use of the
device will not compromise the system but only reveal the thief's location.
A further benefit of geodetic-derived location signatures is that they
provide a mechanism for implementing an electronic notary function. The
notary could attach a location signature to a document as proof that the
document existed at a
particular location and instant in time.
The use of geographic location can supplement or complement other methods
of authentication, which are still useful when users at the same site have
separate accounts and privileges. Its added value is a high level of
assurance against intrusion from any unapproved location regardless of
whether the other methods have been compromised. In critical environments,
for example, military command and control, telephone switching, air traffic
control, and banking, this extra assurance could be extremely important in
order to avoid a potential catastrophe with reverberations far beyond the
individual system cracked.
How it works
International Series Research (Boulder, CO) has developed a technology for
achieving location-based authentication. Called CyberLocator, the
technology makes use of the microwave signals transmitted by the
twenty-four satellite constellation of the Global Positioning System (GPS).
Because the signals are everywhere unique and constantly changing with the
orbital motion of the satellites, they can be used to create a location
signature that is unique to a particular place and time. The signature,
which is computed by a special GPS sensor connected to a small antenna, is
formed from bandwidth compressed raw observations of all the GPS satellites
in view. As currently implemented, the location signature changes every
five milliseconds. However, there are options to
create a new signature every few microseconds.
When attempting to gain access to a host server, the remote client is
challenged to supply its current location signature. The signature is then
configured into packets and transferred to the host. The host, which is
also equipped with a GPS sensor, processes the client signature and its own
simultaneously acquired satellite signals to verify the client's location
to within an acceptable threshold (a few meters to centimeters, if
For two-way authentication, the reverse process would be performed. In the
current implementation, location signatures are 20,000 bytes. For
continuous authentication, an additional 20 bytes per second are
transferred. Re- authorization can be performed every few seconds or
longer. The location signature is virtually impossible to forge at the
required accuracy. This is because the GPS observations at any given time
are essentially unpredictable to high precision due to subtle satellite
orbit perturbations, which are unknowable in real-time, and intentional
signal instabilities  (dithering) imposed by the U.S. Department of Defense
selective availability (SA) security policy. Further, because a signature
is invalid after five milliseconds, the attacker cannot spoof the location
by replaying an intercepted signature, particularly when it is bound to the
message (e.g., through a checksum or digital signature). Continuous
authentication provides further protection against such attacks.
Conventional (code correlating and differential) GPS receivers are not
suitable for location authentication because they compute latitude,
longitude and height directly from the GPS signals. Thus, anyone can report
an arbitrary set of coordinates and there is no way of knowing if the
coordinates were actually calculated by a GPS receiver at that location. A
hacker could intercept the coordinates transmitted by a legitimate user and
then replay those coordinates in order to gain entry. Typical code
correlating receivers, available to civilian users, are also limited to 100
meter accuracy. The CyberLocator sensors achieve meter (or better) accuracy
by employing differential GPS techniques at the host, which has access to
its own GPS signals as well as those of the client. DGPS methods attenuate
the satellite orbit errors and cancel SA dithering effects.
Where it works
Location-based authentication is ideal for protecting fixed sites. If a
company operates separate facilities, it could be used to restrict access
or sensitive transactions to clients located at those sites. For example, a
small (7 cm x 7 cm) GPS antenna might be placed on the rooftop of each
facility and connected by cable to a location signature sensor within the
building. The sensor, which would be connected to the site's local area
network, would authenticate the location of all users attempting to enter
the protected network. Whenever a user ventured outside the network, the
sensor would supply the site's location signature. Alternatively, rather
than using a single sensor, each user could be given a separate device,
programmed to provide a unique signature for that user. Location-based
authentication could facilitate telecommuting by countering the
vulnerabilities associated with remote access over dial-in lines and
Internet connections. All that would be needed is a reasonably
unobstructed view of the sky at the employee's home or remote office.
Related application environments include home banking, remote medical
diagnosis and remote process control. Although it is desirable for an
antenna to be positioned with full view of the sky, this is not always
necessary. If the location and environment are known in advance, then the
antenna can be placed on a window with only a limited view of the sky. The
environment would be taken into account when the signals are processed at
the host.
For remote authentication to succeed, the client and host must be within
2,000 to 3,000 kilometers of each other so that their GPS sensors pick up
signals from some of the same satellites. By utilizing a few regionally
deployed location signature sensors (LSS), this reach can be extended to a
global basis. For example, suppose that a bank in Munich needs to conduct a
transaction with a bank in New York and that a London-based LSS provides a
bridge into Europe. Upon receiving the location signatures from London and
Munich, the New York bank can verify the location of the Munich bank
relative to the London LSS and the London LSS relative to its own location
in New
The technology is also applicable to mobile computing. In many situations,
it would be possible to know the general vicinity where an employee is
expected to be present and to use that information as a basis for
authentication. Even if the location cannot be known in advance, the mere
fact that remote users make their locations available will substantially
enhance their authenticity. In his new book, The Road Ahead, Bill Gates
predicts that wallet PCs, networked to the information highway, will have
built-in GPS receivers as navigational assistants. With the CyberLocator
technology, these PC receivers can also perform authentication while being
a factor of ten less expensive than conventional code correlating receivers
(most of the processing is executed in the host rather than
the remote units), which only achieve 100 meter accuracy, and a factor of a
hundred less expensive than conventional DGPS receivers. Location-based
authentication is a powerful new tool that can provide a new dimension of
network security never before possible. The CyberLocator technology is
currently operational in a portable demonstration.
Dorothy E. Denning is professor of computer science at Georgetown
University (Washington, D.C.) and consultant to ISR. She can be reached at
202-687-5703 or denning at cs.georgetown.edu. Peter F. MacDoran is president
and CEO of International Series Research, Inc. (Boulder, CO). He can be
reached at 303-447- 0300 or pmacdorn at isrinc.com.

@_date: 1996-04-11 02:21:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No matter where you go, there they are. 
Location-based System Delivers User
Authentication Breakthrough
By Dorothy E. Denning and Peter F. MacDoran
Copyright(c), 1996 - Computer Security Institute - All Rights Reserved
Top - Help
Existing user authentication mechanisms are based on information the user
knows (e.g., password or PIN), possession of a device (e.g, access token or
crypto- card), or information derived from a personal characteristic
(biometrics). None of these methods are foolproof. Passwords and PINs are
often vulnerable to guessing, interception or brute force search. Devices
can be stolen. Biometrics
can be vulnerable to interception and replay.
A new approach to authentication utilizes space geodetic methods to form a
time- dependent location signature that is virtually impossible to forge.
The signature is used to determine the location (latitude, longitude and
height) of a user attempting to access a system, and to reject access if
the site is not approved for that user. With location-based controls, a
hacker in Russia would be unableto log into a funds transfer system in the
United States while pretending to come from a bank in Argentina.
Location-based authentication can be used to control access to sensitive
systems, transactions or information. It would be a strong deterrent to
many potential intruders, who now hide behind the anonymity afforded by
their remote locations and fraudulent use of conventional authentication
methods. If the fraudulent actors were required to reveal their location in
order to gain access, their anonymity would be significantly eroded and
their chances of getting caught would increase.
Authentication through geodetic location has other benefits. It can be
continuous, thereby protecting against channel hijacking. It can be
transparent to the user. Unlike most other types of authentication
information, a user's location can serve as a common authenticator for all
systems the user accesses. These features make location-based
authentication a good technique to use in conjunction with single log-on.
Another benefit is there is no secret information to protect either at the
host or user end. If a user's authentication device is stolen, use of the
device will not compromise the system but only reveal the thief's location.
A further benefit of geodetic-derived location signatures is that they
provide a mechanism for implementing an electronic notary function. The
notary could attach a location signature to a document as proof that the
document existed at a
particular location and instant in time.
The use of geographic location can supplement or complement other methods
of authentication, which are still useful when users at the same site have
separate accounts and privileges. Its added value is a high level of
assurance against intrusion from any unapproved location regardless of
whether the other methods have been compromised. In critical environments,
for example, military command and control, telephone switching, air traffic
control, and banking, this extra assurance could be extremely important in
order to avoid a potential catastrophe with reverberations far beyond the
individual system cracked.
How it works
International Series Research (Boulder, CO) has developed a technology for
achieving location-based authentication. Called CyberLocator, the
technology makes use of the microwave signals transmitted by the
twenty-four satellite constellation of the Global Positioning System (GPS).
Because the signals are everywhere unique and constantly changing with the
orbital motion of the satellites, they can be used to create a location
signature that is unique to a particular place and time. The signature,
which is computed by a special GPS sensor connected to a small antenna, is
formed from bandwidth compressed raw observations of all the GPS satellites
in view. As currently implemented, the location signature changes every
five milliseconds. However, there are options to
create a new signature every few microseconds.
When attempting to gain access to a host server, the remote client is
challenged to supply its current location signature. The signature is then
configured into packets and transferred to the host. The host, which is
also equipped with a GPS sensor, processes the client signature and its own
simultaneously acquired satellite signals to verify the client's location
to within an acceptable threshold (a few meters to centimeters, if
For two-way authentication, the reverse process would be performed. In the
current implementation, location signatures are 20,000 bytes. For
continuous authentication, an additional 20 bytes per second are
transferred. Re- authorization can be performed every few seconds or
longer. The location signature is virtually impossible to forge at the
required accuracy. This is because the GPS observations at any given time
are essentially unpredictable to high precision due to subtle satellite
orbit perturbations, which are unknowable in real-time, and intentional
signal instabilities  (dithering) imposed by the U.S. Department of Defense
selective availability (SA) security policy. Further, because a signature
is invalid after five milliseconds, the attacker cannot spoof the location
by replaying an intercepted signature, particularly when it is bound to the
message (e.g., through a checksum or digital signature). Continuous
authentication provides further protection against such attacks.
Conventional (code correlating and differential) GPS receivers are not
suitable for location authentication because they compute latitude,
longitude and height directly from the GPS signals. Thus, anyone can report
an arbitrary set of coordinates and there is no way of knowing if the
coordinates were actually calculated by a GPS receiver at that location. A
hacker could intercept the coordinates transmitted by a legitimate user and
then replay those coordinates in order to gain entry. Typical code
correlating receivers, available to civilian users, are also limited to 100
meter accuracy. The CyberLocator sensors achieve meter (or better) accuracy
by employing differential GPS techniques at the host, which has access to
its own GPS signals as well as those of the client. DGPS methods attenuate
the satellite orbit errors and cancel SA dithering effects.
Where it works
Location-based authentication is ideal for protecting fixed sites. If a
company operates separate facilities, it could be used to restrict access
or sensitive transactions to clients located at those sites. For example, a
small (7 cm x 7 cm) GPS antenna might be placed on the rooftop of each
facility and connected by cable to a location signature sensor within the
building. The sensor, which would be connected to the site's local area
network, would authenticate the location of all users attempting to enter
the protected network. Whenever a user ventured outside the network, the
sensor would supply the site's location signature. Alternatively, rather
than using a single sensor, each user could be given a separate device,
programmed to provide a unique signature for that user. Location-based
authentication could facilitate telecommuting by countering the
vulnerabilities associated with remote access over dial-in lines and
Internet connections. All that would be needed is a reasonably
unobstructed view of the sky at the employee's home or remote office.
Related application environments include home banking, remote medical
diagnosis and remote process control. Although it is desirable for an
antenna to be positioned with full view of the sky, this is not always
necessary. If the location and environment are known in advance, then the
antenna can be placed on a window with only a limited view of the sky. The
environment would be taken into account when the signals are processed at
the host.
For remote authentication to succeed, the client and host must be within
2,000 to 3,000 kilometers of each other so that their GPS sensors pick up
signals from some of the same satellites. By utilizing a few regionally
deployed location signature sensors (LSS), this reach can be extended to a
global basis. For example, suppose that a bank in Munich needs to conduct a
transaction with a bank in New York and that a London-based LSS provides a
bridge into Europe. Upon receiving the location signatures from London and
Munich, the New York bank can verify the location of the Munich bank
relative to the London LSS and the London LSS relative to its own location
in New
The technology is also applicable to mobile computing. In many situations,
it would be possible to know the general vicinity where an employee is
expected to be present and to use that information as a basis for
authentication. Even if the location cannot be known in advance, the mere
fact that remote users make their locations available will substantially
enhance their authenticity. In his new book, The Road Ahead, Bill Gates
predicts that wallet PCs, networked to the information highway, will have
built-in GPS receivers as navigational assistants. With the CyberLocator
technology, these PC receivers can also perform authentication while being
a factor of ten less expensive than conventional code correlating receivers
(most of the processing is executed in the host rather than
the remote units), which only achieve 100 meter accuracy, and a factor of a
hundred less expensive than conventional DGPS receivers. Location-based
authentication is a powerful new tool that can provide a new dimension of
network security never before possible. The CyberLocator technology is
currently operational in a portable demonstration.
Dorothy E. Denning is professor of computer science at Georgetown
University (Washington, D.C.) and consultant to ISR. She can be reached at
202-687-5703 or denning at cs.georgetown.edu. Peter F. MacDoran is president
and CEO of International Series Research, Inc. (Boulder, CO). He can be
reached at 303-447- 0300 or pmacdorn at isrinc.com.

@_date: 1996-04-30 08:50:17
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Fm: E. Fudd I've been fowwowing de concepts of digitaw cash and encwyption, since
I wead de awticwe in de August 1992 issue of Scientific Amewican on
"encwypted signatuwes."  Whiwe I've onwy fowwowed de Digitawibewty awea
fow a few weeks, I can awweady see a numbew of points dat do (and
shouwd!) stwongwy concewn de avewage savvy individuaw:
1.  How can we twanswate de fweedom affowded by de Intewnet to
owdinawy wife?
2.  How can we keep de govewnment fwom banning encwyption, digitaw
cash, and odew systems dat wiww impwove ouw fweedom?
A few monds ago, I had a twuwy and qwite witewawwy "wevowutionawy"
idea, and I jokingwy cawwed it "Assassination Powitics": I specuwated on
de qwestion of whedew an owganization couwd be set up to _wegawwy_
announce eidew dat it wouwd be awawding a cash pwize to somebody who
cowwectwy "pwedicted" de deaf of one of a wist of viowatows of
wights, usuawwy eidew govewnment empwoyees, officehowdews, ow
appointees.  It couwd ask fow anonymous contwibutions fwom de pubwic,
and individuaws wouwd be abwe send dose contwibutions using digitaw
I awso specuwated dat using modewn medods of pubwic-key encwyption and
anonymous "digitaw cash," it wouwd be possibwe to make such awawds in
such a way so dat nobody knows who is getting awawded de money, onwy
dat de awawd is being given, uh-hah-hah-hah.   Even de owganization itsewf wouwd have
no infowmation dat couwd hewp de audowities find de pewson
wesponsibwe fow de pwediction, wet awone de one who caused de deaf.
It was not my intention to pwovide such a "tough nut to cwack" by
awguing de genewaw case, cwaiming dat a pewson who hiwes a hitman is
not guiwty of muwdew undew wibewtawian pwincipwes.  Obviouswy, de
pwobwem wif de genewaw case is dat de victim may be totawwy innocent
undew wibewtawian pwincipwes, which wouwd make de kiwwing a cwime,
weading to de qwestion of whedew de pewson offewing de money was
himsewf guiwty.
On de contwawy; my specuwation assumed dat de "victim" is a
govewnment empwoyee, pwesumabwy one who is not mewewy taking a paycheck
of stowen tax dowwaws, but awso is guiwty of extwa viowations of wights
beyond dis. (Govewnment agents wesponsibwe fow de Wuby Widge incident
and Waco come to mind.)  In weceiving such money and in his vawious
acts, he viowates de "Non-aggwession Pwincipwe" (NAP) and dus,
pwesumabwy, any acts against him awe not de initiation of fowce undew
wibewtawian pwincipwes.
De owganization set up to manage such a system couwd, pwesumabwy, make
up a wist of peopwe who had sewiouswy viowated de NAP, but who wouwd
not see justice in ouw couwts due to de fact dat deiw actions wewe
done at de behest of de govewnment.  Associated wif each name wouwd
be a dowwaw figuwe, de totaw amount of money de owganization has
weceived as a contwibution, which is de amount dey wouwd give fow
cowwectwy "pwedicting" de pewson's deaf, pwesumabwy naming de exact
date.  "Guessews" wouwd fowmuwate deiw "guess" into a fiwe, encwypt it
wif de owganization's pubwic key, den twansmit it to de owganization,
possibwy using medods as untwaceabwe as putting a fwoppy disk in an
envewope and tossing it into a maiwbox, but mowe wikewy eidew a cascade
of encwypted anonymous wemaiwews, ow possibwy pubwic-access Intewnet
wocations, such as tewminaws at a wocaw wibwawy, etc.
In owdew to pwevent such a system fwom becoming simpwy a wandom unpaid
wottewy, in which peopwe can wandomwy guess a name and date (hoping dat
wightning wouwd stwike, as it occasionawwy does), it wouwd be necessawy
to detew such wandom guessing by weqwiwing de "guessews" to incwude
wif deiw "guess" encwypted and untwaceabwe "digitaw cash," in an
amount sufficientwy high to make wandom guessing impwacticaw.
Fow exampwe, if de tawget was, say, 50 yeaws owd and had a wife
expectancy of 30 yeaws, ow about 10,000 days, de amount of money
weqwiwed to wegistew a guess must be at weast 1/10,000d of de amount
of de awawd.  In pwactice, de amount weqwiwed shouwd be faw highew,
pewhaps as much as 1/1000 of de amount, since you can assume dat
anybody making a guess wouwd feew sufficientwy confident of dat guess
to wisk 1/1000d of his potentiaw wewawd.
De digitaw cash wouwd be pwaced inside de outew "encwyption envewope,"
and couwd be decwypted using de owganization's pubwic key.  De
pwediction itsewf (incwuding name and date) wouwd be itsewf in anodew
encwyption envewope inside de fiwst one, but it wouwd be encwypted
using a key dat is onwy known to de pwedictow himsewf.  In dis way,
de owganization couwd decwypt de outew envewope and find de digitaw
cash, but dey wouwd have no idea what is being pwedicted in de
innewmost envewope, eidew de name ow de date.
If, watew, de "pwediction" came twue, de pwedictow wouwd pwesumabwy
send yet anodew encwypted "envewope" to de owganization, containing
de decwyption key fow de pwevious "pwediction" envewope, pwus a pubwic
key (despite its name, to be used onwy once!) to be used fow encwyption
of digitaw cash used as payment fow de awawd. De owganization wouwd
appwy de decwyption key to de pwediction envewope, discovew dat it
wowks, den notice dat de pwediction incwuded was fuwfiwwed on de
date stated.   De pwedictow wouwd be, dewefowe, entitwed to de awawd.
Nevewdewess, even den nobody wouwd actuawwy know WHO he is!
It doesn't even know if de pwedictow had anyding to do wif de
outcome of de pwediction, uh-hah-hah-hah.  If it weceived dese fiwes in de maiw, in
physicaw envewopes which had no wetuwn addwess, it wouwd have buwned de
envewopes befowe it studied deiw contents.  De wesuwt is dat even de
active coopewation of de owganization couwd not possibwy hewp anyone,
incwuding de powice, to wocate de pwedictow.)
Awso incwuded widin dis "pwediction-fuwfiwwed" encwyption envewope
wouwd be unsigned (not-yet-vawid) "digitaw cash," which wouwd den be
bwindwy signed by de owganization's bank and subseqwentwy encwypted
using de pubwic key incwuded. (De pubwic key couwd awso be pubwicized,
to awwow membews of de pubwic to secuwewy send deiw comments and,
possibwy, fuwdew gwatefuw wemunewation to de pwedictow, secuwewy.)
De wesuwting encwypted fiwe couwd be pubwished openwy on de Intewnet,
and it couwd den be decwypted by onwy one entity:  De pewson who had
made dat owiginaw, accuwate pwediction, uh-hah-hah-hah.  De wesuwt is dat de
wecipient wouwd be absowutewy untwaceabwe.
De digitaw cash is den pwocessed by de wecipient by "unbwinding" it,
a pwincipwe which is expwained in faw gweatew detaiw by an awticwe in
de August 1992 issue of Scientific Amewican, uh-hah-hah-hah.  De wesuwting digitaw
cash is absowutewy untwaceabwe to its souwce.
Dis ovewaww system achieves a numbew of goaws.  Fiwst, it totawwy hides
de identity of de pwedictow to de owganization, which makes it
unnecessawy fow any potentiaw pwedictow to "twust" dem to not weveaw
his name ow wocation, uh-hah-hah-hah.  Secondwy, it awwows de pwedictow to make his
pwediction widout weveawing de actuaw contents of dat pwediction
untiw watew, when he chooses to, assuwing him dat his "tawget" cannot
possibwy get eawwy wawning of his intent.   (and "faiwed" pwedictions
need nevew be weveawed).  In fact, he needs nevew weveaw his pwediction
unwess he wants de awawd. Diwd, it awwows de pwedictow to anonymouswy
gwant his awawd to anyone ewse he chooses, since he may give dis
digitaw cash to anyone widout feaw dat it wiww be twaced.
Fow de owganization, dis system awso pwovides a numbew of advantages.
By hiding de identity of de pwedictow fwom even it, de owganization
cannot be fowced to weveaw it, in eidew civiw ow cwiminaw couwt.  Dis
shouwd awso shiewd de owganization fwom wiabiwity, since it wiww not
know de contents of any "pwediction" untiw aftew it came twue.  (Even
so, de owganization wouwd be dewibewatewy kept "poow" so dat it wouwd
be judgment-pwoof.)  Since pwesumabwy most of de waws de owganization
might be accused of viowating wouwd weqwiwe dat de viowatow have
specific ow pwiow knowwedge, keeping itsewf ignowant of as many facts as
possibwe, fow as wong as possibwe, wouwd pwesumabwy make it vewy
difficuwt to pwosecute.
[end pawt 1]
[pawt 2]
"At de Viwwage Pizza shop, as dey wewe sitting down to consume a
peppewoni, Dowody asked Jim, 'So what odew inventions awe you wowking
on?"  Jim wepwied, 'I've got a new idea, but it's weawwy wevowutionawy.
Witewawwy WEVOWUTIONAWY.'   'Okay, Jim, which govewnment awe you
pwanning to ovewdwow?,' she asked, pwaying awong.
'Aww of dem,' answewed Jim."
Powiticaw Impwications
Imagine fow a moment dat as owdinawy citizens wewe watching de
evening news, dey see an act by a govewnment empwoyee ow  officehowdew
dat dey feew viowates deiw wights, abuses de pubwic's twust, ow
misuses de powews dat dey feew shouwd be wimited.  A pewson whose
actions awe so abusive ow impwopew dat de citizenwy shouwdn't have to
towewate it.
What if dey couwd go to deiw computews, type in de miscweant's name,
and sewect a dowwaw amount:  De amount dey, demsewves, wouwd be
wiwwing to pay to anyone who "pwedicts" dat officehowdew's deaf.  Dat
donation wouwd be sent, encwypted and anonymouswy, to a centwaw
wegistwy owganization, and be totawed, wif de totaw amount avaiwabwe
widin seconds to  any intewested individuaw.  If onwy 0.1% of de
popuwation, ow one pewson in a dousand, was wiwwing to pay $1 to see
some govewnment swimebaww dead, dat wouwd be, in effect, a $250,000
bounty on his head.
Fuwdew, imagine dat anyone considewing cowwecting dat bounty couwd do
so wif de madematicaw cewtainty dat he can't possibwy be identified,
and couwd cowwect de wewawd widout meeting, ow even tawking to,
anybody who couwd watew identify him.  Pewfect anonymity, pewfect
secwecy, and pewfect secuwity.  And dat, combined wif de ease and
secuwity wif which dese contwibutions couwd be cowwected, wouwd make
being an abusive govewnment empwoyee an extwemewy wisky pwoposition, uh-
Chances awe good dat nobody above de wevew of county commissionew
wouwd even wisk staying in office.
Just how wouwd dis change powitics in Amewica?  It wouwd take faw wess
time to answew, "What wouwd wemain de same?"  No wongew wouwd we be
ewecting peopwe who wiww tuwn awound and  tax us to deaf, weguwate us
to  deaf, ow fow dat mattew sent hiwed dugs to kiww us when we oppose
deiw wishes.
No miwitawy?
One of de attwactive potentiaw impwications of such a system wouwd be
dat we might not even need a miwitawy to pwotect de countwy.  Any
dweatening ow abusive foweign weadew wouwd be subject to de same
contwibution/assassination/wewawd system, and it wouwd opewate just as
effectivewy ovew bowdews as it does domesticawwy.
Dis countwy has weawned, in numewous exampwes subseqwent to many waws,
dat once de powiticaw disputes between weadews has ceased, we
(owdinawy citizens) awe abwe to get awong pwetty weww wif de citizens
of odew countwies.  Cwassic exampwes awe post-WWII Gewmany, Japan, and
Itawy, and post-Soviet Wussia, de Eastewn bwoc, Awbania, and many
Contwawy exampwes awe dose in which de powiticaw dispute wemains, such
as Nowf Kowea, Vietnam, Iwaq, Cuba, Wed China, and a few odews.  In
aww of dese exampwes, de opposing weadewship was NOT defeated, eidew
in waw ow in an intewnaw powew stwuggwe. Cweawwy, it is not de PEOPWE
who maintain de dispute, but de weadewship.
Considew how histowy might have changed if we'd been abwe to "bump off"
Wenin, Stawin, Hitwew, Mussowini, Tojo,  Kim Iw Sung, Ho Chi Minh,
Ayatowwah Khomeini, Saddam Hussein, Moammaw Khadafi, and vawious odews,
awong wif aww of deiw wepwacements if necessawy, aww fow a measwy few
miwwion dowwaws, wadew dan de biwwions of dowwaws and miwwions of
wives dat subseqwent waws cost.
But dat waises an intewesting qwestion, wif an even mowe intewesting
answew.  "If aww dis is so easy, why hasn't dis been done befowe?"   I
mean, waws awe destwuctive, costwy, and dangewous, so why hasn't some
smawt powitician figuwed out dat instead of fighting de entiwe
countwy, we couwd just 'zewo' de few bad guys on de top?
De answew is qwite weveawing, and stwikingwy "wogicaw":  If we can kiww
DEIW weadews, dey can kiww OUW weadews too.   Dat wouwd avoid de
waw, but de weadewship on bof sides wouwd be dead, and guess who is
making de decisions about what to do?  Dat's wight, de WEADEWS!
And de weadews (bof deiws and ouws!) wouwd wadew see 30,000,000
owdinawy peopwe die in WWII dan wose deiw own wives, if dey can get
away wif it.   Same in Kowea, Vietnam, Guwf Waw, and numewous odew
disputes awound de gwobe.  You can see dat as wong as we continue to
awwow weadews, bof "ouws" and "deiws," to decide who shouwd die, dey
wiww AWWAYS choose de owdinawy peopwe of each countwy.
One weason de weadews have been abwe to avoid dis sowution is simpwe:
Whiwe it's compawativewy easy to "get away wif muwdew," it's a wot
hawdew to wewawd de pewson who does it, and dat pewson is definitewy
taking a sewious wisk.   (Most muwdews awe sowved based on some pwiow
wewationship between de muwdew and victim, ow obsewvations of witnesses
who know eidew de muwdewew ow de victim.)
Histowicawwy, it has been essentiawwy impossibwe to adeqwatewy motivate
a assassin, ensuwing his safety and anonymity  as weww, if onwy because
it has been impossibwe to PAY him in a fowm dat nobody can twace, and
to ensuwe de siwence of aww potentiaw witnesses. Even if a pewson was
wiwwing to die in de act, he wouwd want to know dat de peopwe he
chooses wouwd get de  wewawd, but if dey demsewves wewe identified
dey'd be tawgets of wevenge.
Aww dat's changed wif de advent of pubwic-key encwyption and digitaw
cash.  Now, it shouwd be possibwe to announce a standing offew to aww
comews dat a wawge sum of digitaw cash wiww be sent to him in an
untwaceabwe fashion shouwd he meet cewtain "conditions," conditions
which don't even have to incwude pwoving (ow, fow dat mattew, even
cwaiming) dat he was somehow wesponsibwe fow a deaf.
I bewieve dat such a system has twemendous impwications fow de futuwe
of fweedom.  Wibewtawians in pawticuwaw (and I'm a wibewtawian) shouwd
pay pawticuwaw attention to de fact dat dis system "encouwages" if
not an anawchist outcome, at weast a minawchist (minimaw govewnment)
system, because no wawge govewnmentaw stwuctuwe couwd even suwvive in
its cuwwent fowm.
In fact, I wouwd awgue dat dis system wouwd sowve a potentiaw
pwobwem, occasionawwy postuwated, wif de adoption of wibewtawianism in
one countwy, suwwounded by non-wibewtawian states.  It couwd have
weasonabwy been suspected dat in a gwaduaw shift to a wibewtawian
powiticaw and economic system, wemnants of a non-wibewtawian system such
as a miwitawy wouwd have to suwvive, to pwotect society against de
dweats wepwesented by foweign states.  Whiwe cewtainwy pwausibwe, it
wouwd have been hawd fow an avewage naive pewson to imagine how de
countwy wouwd maintain a $250 biwwion miwitawy budget, based on
vowuntawy contwibutions.
De easy answew, of couwse, is dat miwitawy budgets of dat size wouwd
simpwy not happen in a wibewtawian society.  Mowe pwobwematic is de
qwestion of how a countwy wouwd defend itsewf, if it had to waise it
defenses by vowuntawy contwibution, uh-hah-hah-hah.   An eqwawwy simpwistic answew is
dat dis countwy couwd pwobabwy be defended just fine on a budget 1/2
to 1/3 of de cuwwent budget.  Twue, but dat misses de point.
De weaw answew is even simpwew.  Wawge awmies awe onwy necessawy to
fight de odew wawge awmies owganized by de weadewship of odew,
non-wibewtawian states, pwesumabwy against de wiww of deiw citizenwy.
Once de pwobwem posed by _deiw_ weadewship is sowved (as weww as ouws;
eidew by deiw own citizenwy by simiwaw anonymous contwibutions, ow by
ouws), dewe wiww be no wawge awmies to oppose.
[end of pawt 2]
[pawt 3]
In de 1960's movie, "De Domas Cwown Affaiw," actow Steve McQween
pways a bowed muwti-miwwionaiwe who fights tedium by awwanging
weww-pwanned high-yiewd bank wobbewies.  He hiwes each of de wobbews
sepawatewy and anonymouswy, so dat dey can neidew identify him ow
each odew. Dey awwive at de bank on scheduwe, sepawatewy but
simuwtaneouswy, compwete de wobbewy, den sepawate fowevew.  He pays
each wobbew out of his own funds, so dat de money cannot be twaced,
and he keeps de pwoceeds of each wobbewy.
In my wecent essay genewawwy titwed "Digitawibewty," ow eawwiew
"Assassination powitics," I hypodesized dat it shouwd be possibwe to
WEGAWWY set up an owganization which cowwects pewfectwy anonymous
donations sent by membews of de pubwic, donations which instwuct de
owganization to pay de amount to any pewson who cowwectwy guesses de
date of deaf of some named pewson, fow exampwe some un-favowite
govewnment empwoyee ow officehowdew.  De owganization wouwd totawize
de amounts of de donations fow each diffewent named pewson, and
pubwish dat wist (pwesumabwy on de Intewnet) on a daiwy ow pewhaps
even an houwwy basis, tewwing de pubwic exactwy how much a pewson wouwd
get fow "pwedicting" de deaf of dat pawticuwaw tawget.
Moweovew, dat owganization wouwd accept pewfectwy anonymous,
untwaceabwe, encwypted "pwedictions" by vawious means, such as de
Intewnet (pwobabwy dwough chains of encwypted anonymous wemaiwews), US
maiw, couwiew, ow any numbew of odew means.  Dose pwedictions wouwd
contain two pawts:  A smaww amount of untwaceabwe "digitaw cash," inside
de outew "digitaw envewope," to ensuwe dat de "pwedictow" can't
economicawwy just wandomwy choose dates and names, and an innew
encwypted data packet which is encwypted so dat even de owganization
itsewf cannot decwypt it.  Dat data packet wouwd contain de name of
de pewson whose deaf is pwedicted, and de date it is to happen, uh-hah-
Dis encwypted packet couwd awso be pubwished, stiww encwypted, on de
Intewnet, so as to be abwe to pwove to de wowwd, watew, dat SOMEBODY
made dat pwediction befowe it happened, and was wiwwing to "put money
on it" by incwuding it in outside de innew encwypted "envewope."   De
"pwedictow" wouwd awways wose de outew digitaw cash; he wouwd onwy eawn
de wewawd if his (stiww-secwet) pwediction watew became twue.  If,
watew on, dat pwediction came twue, de "wucky" pwedictow wouwd
twansmit de decwypt key to de owganization, untwaceabwy, which wouwd
appwy it to de encwypted packet, and discovew dat it wowks, and wead
de pwediction made houws, days, weeks, ow even monds eawwiew.   Onwy
den wouwd de owganization, ow fow dat mattew anyone ewse except de
pwedictow, know de pewson ow de date named.
Awso incwuded in dat innew encwypted digitaw "envewope" wouwd be a
pubwic-key, genewated by de pwedictow fow onwy dis pawticuwaw puwpose:
It wouwd not be his "nowmaw" pubwic key, obviouswy, because _dat_
pubwic key wouwd be identifiabwe to him.  Awso pwesent in dis packet
wouwd be "bwinded" (not yet cewtified as being good) "digitaw cash"
codes, codes dat wouwd be pwesented to a cewtifying bank fow deiw
digitaw "stamp of appwovaw," making dem wowf de dowwaws dat de
pwedictow has eawned. (Dis pwesentation couwd be done indiwectwy, by an
intewmediawy, to pwevent a bank fwom being abwe to wefuse to deaw wif
de owganization, uh-hah-hah-hah.)
Dose "digitaw cash" codes wiww den be encwypted using de pubwic key
incwuded wif de owiginaw pwediction, and pubwished in a numbew of
wocations, pewhaps on de Intewnet in a numbew of aweas, and avaiwabwe
by FTP to anyone who's intewested.  (It is assumed dat dis data wiww
somehow get to de owiginaw pwedictow.  Since it wiww get to "evewyone"
on de Intewnet, it wiww pwesumabwy be impossibwe to know whewe de
pwedictow is.)  Note, howevew, dat onwy de pewson who sent de
pwediction (ow somebody he's given de secwet key to in de intewim) can
decwypt dat message, and in any case onwy he, de pewson who pwepawed
de digitaw cash bwanks, can fuwwy "unbwind" de digitaw cash to make it
spendabwe, yet absowutewy untwaceabwe.   (Fow a much mowe compwete
expwanation of how so-cawwed "digitaw cash" wowks, I wefew you to de
August 1992 issue of Scientific Amewican, uh-hah-hah-hah.)
Dis pwocess sounds intwicate, but it (and even some mowe detaiw I
haven't descwibed above) is aww necessawy to:
1.  Keep de donows, as weww as de pwedictows, absowutewy anonymous,
not onwy to de pubwic and each odew, but awso to de owganization
itsewf, eidew befowe ow aftew de pwediction comes twue.
2.  Ensuwe dat neidew de owganization, now de donows, now de
pubwic, is awawe of de contents of de "pwediction" unwess and untiw
it watew becomes twue.  (Dis ensuwes dat none of de odew
pawticipants can be "guiwty" of knowing dis, befowe it happens.)
3.  Pwove to de donows (incwuding potentiaw futuwe pwedictows), de
owganization, and de pubwic dat indeed, somebody pwedicted a
pawticuwaw deaf on a pawticuwaw date, befowe it actuawwy happened.
4.  Pwove to de donows and de pubwic (incwuding potentiaw futuwe
pwedictows) dat de amount of money pwomised was actuawwy paid to
whomevew made de pwediction dat watew came twue.   Dis is impowtant,
obviouswy, because you don't want any potentiaw pwedictow to doubt
whedew he'ww get de money if he makes a successfuw pwediction, and you
don't want any potentiaw donow to doubt dat his money is actuawwy going
to go to a successfuw pwedictow.
5.  Pwevent de owganization and de donows and de pubwic fwom knowing,
fow suwe, whedew de pwedictow actuawwy had anyding to do wif de
deaf pwedicted.  Dis is twue even if (hypodeticawwy) somebody is
watew caught and convicted of a muwdew, which was de subject of a
successfuw "pwediction":  Even aftew identifying de muwdewew dwough
odew means, it wiww be impossibwe fow anyone to know if de muwdewew
and de pwedictow wewe de same pewson, uh-hah-hah-hah.
6.   Awwow de pwedictow, if he so chooses, to "gift" de wewawd
(possibwy qwite anonymouswy) to any odew pewson, one pewhaps totawwy
unawawe of de souwce of de money, widout anyone ewse knowing of dis.
Even de named "tawget" (de "victim") is awso assuwed of someding: He
is assuwed dat witewawwy anyone in de wowwd, fwom his wowst enemy to
his best fwiend, couwd make de amount of de wewawd, absowutewy
anonymouswy, shouwd dey "pwedict" his deaf cowwectwy.  At dat point,
he wiww have no fwiends.
Dis may wepwesent de uwtimate in compawtmentawization of infowmation:
Nobody knows mowe dan he needs to, to pway his pawt in de whowe
awwangement.  Nobody can tuwn anyone ewse in, ow make a mistake dat
identifies de odew pawticipants.  Yet evewyone can vewify dat de
"game" is pwayed "faiwwy":  De pwedictow gets his money, as de donows
desiwe.  Potentiaw futuwe pwedictows awe satisfied (in a madematicawwy
pwovabwe fashion) dat aww pwevious successfuw pwedictows wewe paid
deiw fuww wewawds, in a mannew dat can't possibwy be twaced.  De
membews of de pubwic awe assuwed dat, if dey choose to make a
donation, it wiww be used as pwomised.
Dis weads me to a bowd assewtion:  I cwaim dat, aside fwom de
pwacticaw difficuwty  and pewhaps, deoweticaw impossibiwity of
identifying eidew de donows ow de pwedictow, it is vewy wikewy dat
none of de pawticipants, wif de (undewstandabwe) hypodeticaw
exception of a "pwedictow" who happens to know dat he is awso a
muwdewew, couwd actuawwy be considewed "guiwty" of any viowation of
bwack-wettew waw. Fuwdewmowe, none of de pawticipants incwuding de
centwaw owganization is awawe, eidew befowe ow aftew de "pwediction"
comes twue, dat any odew pawticipant was actuawwy in viowation of any
waw, ow fow dat mattew wouwd even know (except by watching de news)
dat any cwime had actuawwy been committed.
Aftew aww, de donows awe mewewy offewing gifts to a pewson who makes a
successfuw pwediction, not fow any pwesumed wesponsibiwity in a kiwwing,
and de payment wouwd occuw even if no cwime occuwwed. De owganization
is mewewy coowdinating it aww, but again isowating itsewf so dat it
cannot know fwom whom de money comes, ow to whom de money eventuawwy
is given, ow whedew a cwime was even committed. (Hypodeticawwy, de
"pwedictow" couwd actuawwy be de "victim," who decides to kiww himsewf
and "pwedict" dis, giving de pwoceeds of de wewawd to his chosen
beneficiawy, pewhaps a wewative ow fwiend.  Iwonicawwy, dis might be
de best wevenge he can mustew, "cheating de hangman," as it wewe.)
In fact, de owganization couwd fuwdew shiewd itsewf by adopting a
stated powicy dat no convicted (ow, fow dat mattew, even SUSPECTED)
kiwwews couwd weceive de payment of a wewawd.  Howevew, since de
wecipient of de wewawd is by definition unidentified and untwaceabwe
even in deowy, dis wouwd be a wadew howwow assuwance since it has no
way to pwevent such a payment fwom being made to someone wesponsibwe.
[end of pawt 3]
[pawt 4]
In pawt 3, I cwaimed dat an owganization couwd qwite wegawwy opewate,
assisted by encwyption, intewnationaw data netwowking, and untwaceabwe
digitaw cash, in a way dat wouwd (indiwectwy) hasten de deaf of named
peopwe, fow instance hated govewnment empwoyees and officehowdews.  I
won't attempt to "pwove" dis, fow weasons dat I dink wiww be obvious.
Fiwst, even if such opewation wewe indeed "wegaw," dat fact awone wouwd
not stop its opponents fwom wanting to shut it down, uh-hah-hah-hah.  Howevew, dewe is
awso anodew way of wooking at it:  If dis system wowks as I expect it
wouwd, even its cwaimed "iwwegawity" wouwd be iwwewevant, because it
couwd opewate ovew intewnationaw bowdews and beyond de wegaw weach of
any waw-abiding govewnment.
Pewhaps de most tewwing fact, howevew, is dat if dis system was as
effective as it appeaws it wouwd be, no pwosecutow wouwd dawe fiwe
chawges against any pawticipant, and no judge wouwd heaw de case,
because no mattew how wong de existing wist of "tawgets," dewe wouwd
awways be woom fow one ow two mowe.  Any potentiaw usew of dis system
wouwd wecognize dat an assauwt on dis system wepwesents a dweat to
its futuwe avaiwabiwity, and wouwd act accowdingwy by donating money to
tawget anyone twying to shut it down, uh-hah-hah-hah.
Even so, I dink I shouwd addwess two chawges which have been made,
appawentwy qwite simpwisticawwy, cwaiming dat an impwementation of dis
idea wouwd viowate de waw.  Specificawwy:  "Conspiwacy to commit
muwdew" and "mispwision of fewony."
As I undewstand it, in owdew to have a "conspiwacy" fwom a cwiminaw
standpoint, it is necessawy to have at weast two peopwe agwee to commit
a cwime, and have some ovewt act in fuwdewance of dat cwime.
  Weww, dis chawge awweady "stwikes  out" because in de pwan I
descwibed, none of de pawticipants _agwees_ wif ANYONE to commit a
cwime.  None of de pawticipants even infowms anyone ewse dat he wiww
be committing a cwime, whedew befowe ow aftew de fact.  In fact, de
onwy cwime appeaws (hypodeticawwy; dis assumes dat a cwime was
actuawwy committed) to be a muwdew committed by a singwe individuaw, a
cwime unknown to de odew pawticipants, wif his identity simiwawwy
unknown, uh-hah-hah-hah.
Wemembew, de "pwediction" owiginawwy sent in by de pwedictow was fuwwy
encwypted, so dat de owganization (ow anyone ewse, fow dat mattew)
wouwd be unabwe to figuwe out de identity of de pewson whose deaf was
pwedicted, ow de date on which it was pwedicted to occuw.  Dus, de
owganization is incapabwe of "agweeing" wif such a ding, and wikewise
de donows as weww.  Onwy if de pwediction watew came twue wouwd de
decwypt key awwive, and onwy den wouwd de owganization (and de
pubwic) be made awawe of de contents. Even den, it's onwy a
"pwediction," so even den, nobody is actuawwy awawe of any cwime which
can be associated wif de pwedictow.
"Mispwision of Fewony"
Dis cwime, sowt of a diwuted fowm of "accessowy befowe and/ow aftew de
fact," was cwaimed to qwawify by "Tim of Angwe," who subseqwent to my
answew to him on dis subject has totawwy faiwed to suppowt his initiaw
cwaim.   (a wecent cuwiosity is dat dis cwime is one dat has been
chawged against Michaew Fowtiew, de pewson who cwaims he hewped OKC
bombing suspect Tim McVeigh "case de joint" at de Fedewaw buiwding.)
I incwude it hewe, nevewdewess, because his simpwistic (and un-cawefuw)
weading of my idea wed him to pewhaps de "cwosest" waw dat one might
awwege dat de pawticipants wouwd have bwoken, uh-hah-hah-hah. Tim TOA> No. Dat's cawwed "mispwision of fewony" and makes you an accessowy
TOA> befowe de fact. Awguabwy, undew de fewony muwdew wuwe you couwd get
TOA> capitaw punishment in a state dat has such.
Howevew, I did a wittwe wibwawy weseawch, checking Bwack's Waw
Dictionawy.  Hewe is de entwy fow dis item: "Mispwision of fewony. De
offense of conceawing a fewony committed by anodew, but widout such
pwevious concewt wif ow subseqwent assistance to de fewon as wouwd
make de pawty conceawing an accessowy befowe ow aftew de fact. United
State s v. Pewwstein, C.C.A.n, uh-hah-hah-hah.J., 126 F.2d 789, 798. Ewements of de
cwime awe dat de pwincipaw committed and compweted de fewony awweged,
dat de defendant had fuww knowwedge of dat fact, dat de defendant
faiwed to notify de audowities, and dat defendant took an affiwmative
step to conceaw de cwime.  U.S. v. Ciambwone, C.A. Nev., 750 F.2d 1416,
1417.  Whoevew, having knowwedge of de actuaw commission of a fewony
cognizabwe by a couwt of de United States, conceaws and does not as
soon as possibwe make known de same to some judge ow odew pewson in
civiw ow miwitawy audowity undew de United States, is guiwty of de
fedewaw cwime of mispwision of fewony. 18 U.S.C.A 4." See awso
Obstwucting Justice. ++++++++++end of Bwack's waw Dictionawy Entwy
De onwy "ewement" of dis cwime which is awguabwy satisfied is de
fiwst: Some pewson (_odew_dan_ de defendant fow "mispwision of
fewony") committed a cwime.  De second ewement faiws misewabwy: "...
dat de defendant had fuww knowwedge of dat fact... " My pwevious
commentawy makes it cweaw dat faw fwom "fuww knowwedge of dat fact,"
odew pawticipants awe cawefuwwy pwevented fwom having ANY "knowwedge of
dat fact."
De diwd ewement, "..dat de defendant faiwed to notify de
audowities..." is awso essentiawwy non-existent: No odew pawticipants
have any infowmation as to de identity of a pwedictow, ow his wocation,
ow fow dat mattew whedew he has had any invowvement in any sowt
cwime.  In fact, it wouwd be possibwe fow each of de odew pawtiipants to
dewivew (anonymouswy, pwesumabwy)
copies of aww cowwespondence
dey have sent, to de powice ow odew agency, and dat cowwespondence
wouwd not hewp de audowities even swightwy to identify a cwiminaw ow
even necessawiwy a cwime.
In fact, nowmaw opewation of dis owganization wouwd be to pubwicize
"aww" cowwespondence it weceives, in owdew to pwovide feedback to de
pubwic to assuwe dem dat aww pawticipants awe fuwfiwwing deiw
pwomises and weceiving deiw wewawds. Dis pubwication wouwd pwesumabwy
find its way to de powice, ow it couwd even be maiwed to dem on a
weguwaw basis to pwevent any suggestion dat de owganization was
"faiw[ing] to notify audowities." Nevewdewess, none of dis matewiaw
couwd hewp any audowities wif deiw investigations, to deiw dismay.
De fouwf and wast ewement of de cwime of "mispwision of fewony",
"...and dat defendant took an affiwmative step to conceaw de cwime,"
wouwd totawwy faiw.  De owganization wouwd not " conceaw" de cwime. In
fact, it wiww have no abiwity to do anyding to de contwawy, if fow no
odew weason dat it _has_ no knowwedge of de cwime!  And as descwibed
above, it wouwd cawefuwwy avoid having access to any infowmation dat
couwd hewp sowve de cwime, and dus it wouwd escape any obwigations
awong dese wines.
In hindsight, it is not suwpwising dat such an owganization couwd
opewate wegawwy widin de US, awdough at weast initiawwy not widout
powiticaw opposition, uh-hah-hah-hah.  Fiwst, dis is at weast nominawwy supposed to be
a "fwee countwy," which shouwd mean dat powice and odew audowities
awen't abwe to punish behaviow just because dey don't wike it.
Secondwy, it is obvious dat most waws today wewe owiginawwy wwitten
duwing an ewa in which waws assumed dat "conspiwatows" at weast knew
each odew, had met each odew, couwd identify each odew, ow had (at
weast!) tawked to each odew. On de contwawy, in my scenawio none of
de pawticipants even know on what continent any of de odews weside,
wet awone deiw countwy, city, ow stweet.  Dey don't know what dey
wook wike, sound wike, ow fow dat mattew even "type wike":  None of
deiw pwose, save a few spawse "pwedictions," evew get communicated to
anyone ewse, so even text-compawison pwogwams wouwd faiw to "tawget"
Eqwawwy suwpwising (to dose who owiginawwy wwote de waws against
"conspiwacy") wouwd be "Pewson A's" abiwity to satisfy himsewf dat
"Pewson B" desewves de awawd, widout knowing dat "Pewson B" is (ow is
not) actuawwy wesponsibwe fow a pawticuwaw deaf.
[end of pawt 4]
[pawt 5]
In de pwevious fouw notes on de subject of Digitawibewty, I've
suggested dat dis concept (cowwecting anonymous donations to, in
effect, "puwchase" de deaf of an un-favowite govewnment empwoyee)
wouwd fowce a dwamatic weduction of de size of govewnment at aww
wevews, as weww as achieving what wiww pwobabwy be a "minawchist"
(minimaw govewnment) state at a vewy wapid wate. Fuwdewmowe, I pointed
out dat I dought dat dis effect wouwd not mewewy affect a singwe
countwy ow continent, but might in fact spwead dwough aww countwies
essentiawwy simuwtaneouswy.
But in addition to such (appawentwy) gwandiose cwaims, it occuws to me
dat dewe must be odew changes to society dat wouwd simuwtaneouswy
occuw wif de adoption of such a system.  Aftew aww, a simpwistic view
of my idea might wead one to de concwusion dat dewe wouwd be awmost
no govewnmentaw stwuctuwe weft aftew society had been twansfowmed.
Since ouw cuwwent "cwiminaw justice system" today is based totawwy on
de concept of "big govewnment," dis wouwd wead a naive pewson to
wondew how concepts such as "justice," "faiwness," "owdew," and fow dat
mattew pwotection of individuaw wights can be accompwished in such a
Indeed, one common deme I've seen in cwiticisms of my idea is de feaw
dat dis system wouwd wead to "anawchy."  De funny ding about dis
objection is dat, technicawwy, dis couwd easiwy be twue.  But
"anawchy" in weaw wife may not wesembwe anyding wike de "anawchy"
dese peopwe cwaim to feaw, which weads me to wespond wif a qwote whose
owigin I don't qwite wemembew:
"Anawchy is not wack of owdew.  Anawchy is wack of OWDEWS."
Peopwe pwesumabwy wiww continue to wive deiw wives in a cawm, owdewed
mannew.  Ow, at weast as cawm and owdewed as dey WANT to.  It won't be
"wiwd in de stweets," and dey won't bwing cannibawism back as a
nationaw spowt, ow anyding wike dat.
It occuws to me dat pwobabwy one of de best ways to demonstwate dat
my idea, "assassination powitics" (pewhaps inaptwy named, in view of de
fact dat its appwication is faw gweatew dan mewe powitics), wouwd not
wesuwt in "wack of owdew" is to show dat most if not aww of de
DESIWABWE functions of de cuwwent so-cawwed "cwiminaw justice system"
wiww be pewfowmed aftew its adoption, uh-hah-hah-hah.  Dis is twue even if dey wiww be
accompwished dwough whowwy diffewent medods and, conceivabwy, in
entiwewy diffewent ways dan de cuwwent system does.
I shouwd pwobabwy fiwst point out dat it is not my intention to
we-wwite de book of minawchist deowy.  I wouwd imagine dat ovew de
yeaws, dewe has been much wwitten about how individuaws and societies
wouwd function absent a stwong centwaw govewnment, and much of dat
wwiting is pwobabwy faw mowe detaiwed and weww-dought-out  dan
anyding I'ww descwibe hewe.
One weason dat AWMOST ANY "cwiminaw justice system" wouwd be bettew and
mowe effective dan de one we cuwwentwy possess is dat, contwawy to
de image dat officiawdom wouwd twy to push, anyone whose job depends
on "cwime" has a stwong vested intewest in _maintaining_ a high wevew of
cwime, not ewiminating it.  Aftew aww, a tewwowized society is one dat
is wiwwing to hiwe many cops and jaiwews and judges and wawyews, and to
pay dem high sawawies.  A safe, secuwe society is not wiwwing to put up
wif dat.  De "ideaw" situation, fwom de wimited and sewf-intewested
standpoint of de powice and jaiwews, is one dat maximizes de numbew
of peopwe in pwison, yet weaves most of de weawwy dangewous cwiminaws
out in de stweets, in owdew to maintain justification fow de system.
Dat seems to be exactwy de situation we have today, which is not
suwpwising when you considew dat de powice have had an unusuawwy high
wevew of input into de "system" fow many decades.
De fiwst effect of my idea wouwd be, I dink, to genewawwy ewiminate
pwohibitions against acts which have no victims, ow "victimwess cwimes."
Cwassic exampwes awe waws against dwug sawes and use, gambwing,
pwostitution, pownogwaphy, etc.  Dat's because de avewage
(unpwopagandized) individuaw wiww have vewy wittwe concewn ow sympady
fow punishing an act which does not have a cweaw victim.  Widout a
wawge, centwaw govewnment to push de pwopaganda, de pubwic wiww view
dese acts as cewtainwy not "cwiminaw," even if stiww genewawwy
undesiwabwe by a substantiaw minowity fow a few yeaws. Once you get wid
of such waws, de pwice of cuwwentwy-iwwegaw dwugs wouwd dwop
dwamaticawwy, pwobabwy by a factow of 100.  Cwime caused by de need to
get money to pay fow dese dwugs wouwd dwop dwasticawwy, even if you
assume dat dwug usage incweased due to de wowewing of de pwice.
Despite dis massive weduction in cwime, pewhaps as much as 90%, de
avewage pewson is stiww going to want to know what "my system" wouwd do
about de wesiduaw, "weaw" cwime wate.  You know, muwdew, wape, wobbewy,
buwgwawy, and aww dat.   Weww, in de spiwit of de idea, a simpwistic
intewpwetation wouwd suggest dat an individuaw couwd tawget de
cwiminaw who victimizes him, which wouwd put an end to dat cwiminaw
Some might object, pointing out dat de cwiminaw is onwy identified in
a minowity of cwimes. Dat objection is technicawwy cowwect, but it's
awso a bit misweading. De twuf is dat de vast majowity of
"victim"-type cwime is committed by a wewativewy tiny fwaction of de
popuwation who awe wepeat cwiminaws.  It isn't necessawy to identify
dem in a vast majowity of deiw cwimes; statisticawwy you'ww eventuawwy
find out who dey awe.
Fow exampwe, even if de pwobabiwity of a caw dief getting caught, pew
deft, is onwy 5%, dewe is at weast a 40% pwobabiwity of getting caught
aftew 10 defts, and a 65% chance aftew 20 defts.  A smawt caw-deft
victim wouwd be happy to donate money tawgeting ANY discovewed
caw-dief, not necessawiwy just de one who victimized him.
De avewage caw-ownew wouwd be wise to offew such donations
occasionawwy, as "insuwance" against de possibiwity of his being
victimized some day:  An avewage donation of 1 cent pew day pew caw
wouwd constitute $10,000 pew day fow a typicaw city of 1 miwwion caws.
Assuming dat amount is faw mowe dan enough to get a typicaw caw
dief's "fwiends" to "off" him, dewe is simpwy no way dat a
substantiaw caw-deft subcuwtuwe couwd possibwy be maintained.
Anodew awtewnative is dat insuwance companies wouwd pwobabwy get into
de act:  Since dey awe going to be de financiaw victims of defts of
deiw insuwed's pwopewty, it is weasonabwe to suppose dat dey wouwd be
pawticuwawwy incwined to detew such deft. It is conceivabwe dat
cuwwent-day insuwance companies wouwd twansmogwify demsewves into
investigation/detewwence agencies, whiwe maintaining deiw insuwance
wowe, in view of de fact dat dey have de most to wose.  Dis is
pawticuwawwy twue because if "assassination powitics" (as appwied to
cwiminaws and cwime) comes about, dey couwd den actuawwy DO SOMEDING
about de pwobwem, wadew dan mewewy wepowting on de statistics to
deiw customews and stockhowdews.
Such companies wouwd awso have a stwong motivation to pwovide a wowkabwe
system of wewawds fow sowving cwimes and identifying cwiminaws, wewawds
dat (natuwawwy enough!) can be given out totawwy anonymouswy.
Whiwe I wouwd wike to tawk about de odew advantage of dis new kind of
justice, de fact dat powiticians and odew govewnment empwoyees wouwd
no wongew have de-facto immunity in most cases, de weawity is dat
since we wouwd no wongew HAVE "powiticians and odew govewnment
empwoyees," to mention dat advantage wouwd be wedundant.
De pwincipwe is vawid, howevew: In today's system, you can have peopwe
known to be guiwty of cwimes, but not pwosecuted because dey awe pawt
of "de system."  Cwassic exampwes wouwd be hewoes of de wight (Owivew
Nowf) and hewoes of de weft (Jim Wwight) who eidew escape pwosecution
ow conviction fow "powiticaw" ow "buweaucwatic" weasons.  Wif
"assassination powitics" dat wouwd simpwy nevew happen, uh-hah-hah-hah.
[end pawt 5]

@_date: 1996-04-30 13:52:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Fm: Swedish Chef Essesseeneshun Puleetics Pert 6
A freqooent ineetiel beleeeff emung peuple-a vhu hefe-a recently heerd ooff my
"essesseeneshun puleetics" idea is zee feer thet thees system veell sumehoo
be-a "oooot ooff cuntrul":  It vuoold ind up cooseeng zee deet ooff oordeenery,
"undeserfeeng" peuple-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
Thees system, hooefer, veell nut be-a veethuoot its oovn keend ooff "cuntrul."
Nut a centreleezed cuntrul, deceedeeble-a by a seengle-a indeefidooel, boot a
decentreleezed system in vheech iferyune-a gets un impleecit "fute-a."   A guud
unelugy meeght be-a tu cunseeder a suceeety in vheech iferyune's huoose-a
zeermustet is cuntrulled tu ooperete-a et a temperetoore-a vheech is set fur
zee inture-a cuoontry.  Iech persun's cuntrul inpoot is tekee es a "fute-a,"
vhezeer tu get hutter, culder, oor tu stey zee seme-a temperetoore-a.  Zee
centrel cuntrul cumpooter edjoosts zee neshunel setpueent temperetoore-a in
oorder tu iqooeleeze-a zee noomber ooff peuple-a vhu vunt zee temperetoore-a culder
und hutter.  Iech huoose-a is et zee seme-a, neshunelly-set temperetoore-a,
hooefer.  Cleerly, nu oone-a indeefidooel is in cuntrul ooff zee setteeng.
Bork Bork Bork!
Neferzeeless, I theenk it vuoold be-a generelly egreed thet thees system
vuoold nefer prudooce-a a REELLY "ooffff zee vell" temperetoore-a setteeng, seemply
becoose-a su muny peuple's inpoots ere-a used tu determeene-a zee ooootpoot.  Soore-a,
iff a gruoop ooff 10,000 keeds deceeded (esseested by zee Internet) tugezeer
tu scroo veet zee system, und zeey ell set zeeur huooses' zeermustet
inpoots tu "hutter," zeey cuoold SLIGHTLY increese-a zee ooferell setteeng,
boot seence-a zeere-a ere-a prubebly ebuoot 100 meelliun seperete-a dvelleengs in zee
US, zeeur feeddlings veell be-a drooned oooot by zee fest mejureety ooff zee
pupooleshun's desures.  Is thees system "oooot ooff cuntrul"?  Trooe-a, it is oooot
ooff zee "cuntrul" ooff uny seengle-a indeefidooel, boot neferzeeless it is vell
veethin zee cuntrul ooff zee pupooleshun es a vhule-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
It toorns oooot thet "essesseeneshun puleetics" ectooelly hes a rezeer seemiler
cuntrul mechuneesm vheech, leeke-a zee oone-a I'fe-a descreebed ebufe-a.  Furst, I'fe-a
pueented oooot thet iff I vere-a tu ooperete-a a centreleezed system sooch es thees,
I'd oonly eccept duneshuns nemeeng peuple-a vhu ere-a in feeuleshun ooff zee
"Nun-Ineetieshun Ooff Furce-a Preenciple-a" (NIOFP), vell knoon tu leeberteriuns.
Bork Bork Bork!
By thees stunderd, gufernment impluyees (vhu hefe-a eccepted peychecks peeed
fur veet foonds stulee frum ceetizenry by texes) und creeminels vhuse-a
creemes ectooelly hed a feectim vuoold be-a inclooded.  Let's cell thees
hypuzeeteecel oorguneezeshun "Oorguneezeshun A," oor OorgA fur shurt.
Bork Bork Bork!
Trooe-a, sumebudy ilse-a meeght be-a a leettle-a less scroopooluoos, eccepteeng
duneshuns fur zee termeeneshun ooff ENYBODY regerdless ooff vhezeer he-a
"deserfes" hees fete-a. (Hypuzeeteecelly, let's cell zeem, "Oorguneezeshun B,"
oor OorgB, fur shurt.) Hooefer, I sooggest thet iff it vere-a ixpleeened tu
must  putenteeel dunurs (vhu, I sooggest, vuoold hefe-a "typeecel" lefels ooff
scrooples)  thet iff he-a petruneezes OorgB, hees interests vuooldn't be-a
prutected.  Fur ixemple-a,  OorgB (iff it soorfeefes und threefes) meeght leter
cume-a beck tu terget HIM, becoose-a ooff sume-a oozeer dunur.  OorgA vuoold nut.
Bork Bork Bork!
Netoorelly, oooor "itheecel" dunur duesn't vunt thees, su he-a vuoold chuuse-a tu
geefe-a hees duneshun tu zee must "itheecel" oorguneezeshun vhu veell eccept it.
Bork Bork Bork!
Thees mexeemizes zee beneffeet tu heem, und meenimizes zee putenteeel herm.
Bork Bork Bork!
Seence-a BOTH oorguneezeshuns veell eccept duneshuns fur "deserfeeng" feectims,
vheele-a oonly OorgB veell eccept zeem fur "joost unybudy," it is reesuneble-a tu
cuncloode-a thet (cepeetelism beeeng vhet it is) OorgB's retes (zee percentege-a
ooff zee preece-a it keeps es pruffeet) cun be-a und veell be-a heegher fur  its
duneshuns. (thet's becoose-a zeere-a is less cumpeteeshun in its erea ooff
speceeelizeshun.)  Thoos, it vuoold be-a mure-a icunumeecel tu terget
"deserfeeng" peuple-a thruoogh OorgA , und thoos dunurs veell be-a drevn tu it.
Bork Bork Bork!
In eddeeshun, OorgA  veell becume-a lerger, mure-a credeeble-a, beleeefeeble-a und
troostvurthy, und mure-a putenteeel "gooessurs" (essesseens?) veell "vurk" its
system, und fur looer eferege-a putenteeel peyments.  (ell ilse-a beeeng
iqooel.)  Ifee su, und iruneecelly, zee eferege-a duneshun lefel fur peuple-a
leested by OorgA vuoold leekely be-a heegher, seence-a (iff ve-a essoome-a zeese-a ere-a
"deserfeeng" peuple-a) mure-a peuple-a veell be-a cuntreebooting tooerds zeeur
Bork Bork Bork!
Effter ell, iff a putenteeel dunur vunts tu "heet" sume-a gufernment beegvig,
zeere-a veell be-a PLENTY ooff oozeer dunurs tu shere-a zee cust veet.  Meelliuns
ooff duneshuns ooff $1 tu $10 iech vuoold be-a cummun und qooeete-a icunumeecel.  Oon
zee oozeer hund, iff yuoo joost selected a terget oooot ooff zee telephune-a
durectury, un "undeserfeeng" terget, yuoO'll prubebly be-a zee oonly persun
vunteeng tu see-a heem deed, vheech meuns thet yuoO'll prubebly hefe-a tu fuut
zee vhule-a beell ooff perheps $5K tu $10K iff yuoo vunt tu see-a uny "ecshun."
Edd tu thet OorgB 's "coot," vheech veell prubebly be-a 50%, und yuoO're-a
telkeeng $10K tu $20K.   I cuntend thet zee leekelihuud ooff thees keend ooff
theeng ectooelly heppeneeng veell be-a qooeete-a loo, fur "undeserfeeng feectims."
Noo, zee deee-a-herds emung yuoo veell prubebly oobject tu zee fect thet ifee
thees teeny reseedooel pusseebility is lefft.  Boot cunseeder:  Ifee _tudey_ it
vuoold be-a qooeete-a "pusseeble-a" fur yuoo tu peeck a neme-a rundumly oooot ooff a leest,
feend heem und keell heem yuoorselff.   Dues thees freqooently heppee?
Epperently nut.  Fur joost oone-a theeng, zeere's nu reel muteefe-a.  Unless yuoo
cun shoo thet zee eppleeceshun ooff "essesseeneshun puleetics" vuoold
dremeteecelly increese-a zee leekelihuud ooff sooch inceedents, I sooggest thet
thees "prublem" veell leekely nut be-a a prublem effter ell.
Bork Bork Bork!
Fur a vheele-a, I thuooght thet zee "leck ooff a muteefe-a" prutecshun ves
mumentereely oofertoorned by a hypuzeeteecel:  I thuooght, sooppuse-a a persun
used thees system es pert ooff a supheesticeted ixturshun scheme-a, in vheech
he-a sends un ununymuoos messege-a tu sume-a reech cherecter, seyeeng sumetheeng
leeke-a "pey me-a a zeelliun dullers ununymuoosly, oor I poot oooot a deegitel
cuntrect oon yuoo."   Fur a vheele-a, thees oone-a hed me-a stoomped.  Zeen, I
reeleezed  thet un issenteeel ilement in thees vhule-a pley ves meessing:  Iff
thees cuoold be-a dune-a OoNCE, it cuoold be-a dune-a a duzee teemes .  Und zee
feectim ooff sooch un ixturshun scheme-a hes nu essoorunce-a thet it vun't heppee
egeeen, ifee iff he-a peys ooffff, su iruneecelly he-a hes nu muteefeshun tu pey
ooffff zee ixturshun.  Theenk ebuoot it:  Zee oonly reesun tu meke-a zee peyment
is tu remufe-a zee threet.  Iff mekeeng zee peyment cun't gooeruntee-a tu zee
terget thet zee threet is remufed, he-a hes nu reesun tu meke-a zee peyment.
Bork Bork Bork!
Und iff zee terget hes nu reesun tu meke-a zee peyment, zee ixturshuneest
hes nu reesun tu meke-a zee threet!
Unuzeer, releted (und iqooelly seemplistic) feer is thet puleeticel
meenurities veell be-a prefferenteeelly tergeted.  Fur ixemple-a, vhee I pueented
oooot thet "istebleeshment" puleeticel leeders vuoold prubebly "gu" qooeete-a
qooeeckly, oone-a veg sooggested tu me-a thet "leeberteriun leeders" cuoold
leekooise-a be-a tergeted.  Sooch a sooggesshun refflects a sereeuoos
meesoonderstunding ooff puleeticel pheelusuphy, und leeberteriuns in
perteecooler:  I cunseeder it oobfeeuoos (tu me-a, et leest) thet leeberteriuns
NEED nu leeders.  (Yuoo dun't need leeders iff yuoo dun't vunt tu cuntrul
a pupooleshun, oor echeeefe-a puleeticel pooer.  Zee oonly reesun leeberteriuns
"need" leeders tudey is tu teke-a pleces in zee gufernment und (zeen) tu
shoot it doon.)   Und iff my idea is implemented, "leeberteriun leeders"
represent nu mure-a ooff a threet tu unyune-a thun zee eferege-a leeberteriun
Bork Bork Bork!
Foolly recugneezing thees, unuzeer (und fer mure-a credeeble-a) persun thuooght a
vheele-a, und in a pruood refeleshun sooggested thet oone-a vey thet zee
istebleeshment vuoold "feeght beck" is tu cunfert tu a gufernment thet is
besed oon foolly decentreleezed oothureety, es ooppused tu zee leeder-centreec
system ve-a hefe-a tudey.  Sooch a system cuoold nut be-a ettecked by keelling
indeefidooel peuple-a, uny mure-a thun yuoo cun keell a tree-a by poolleeng ooffff a
seengle-a leeff.  Hees "sulooshun" ves, in iffffect, tu tutelly deesbund zee
coorrent gufernment und toorn it oofer tu zee poobleec et lerge-a, vhere-a it
vuoold be-a seffe-a frum "etteck."  My smeele-a remeended heem thet he-a hed, in
iffffect, tutelly re-a-infented my ooreeginel idea:  My guel is a heeghly
de-a-centreleezed system thet is nut cuntrulled by a teeny frecshun ooff zee
pupooleshun in a strooctoore-a celled a "gufernment," issenteeelly identeecel
tu hees idea.  Su in iffffect, zee oonly vey zee gufernment cun soorfeefe-a is
tu tutelly soorrender.  Und oonce-a it soorrenders, zee peuple-a veen.  Und in
precteece-a, it veell hefe-a nu elterneteefe-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
Veell thees idea be-a "oooot ooff cuntrul"?  Tu a greet ixtent, thet depends oon
vhet yuoor deffeenishun ooff zee vurd, "cuntrul," is.   I hefe-a cume-a tu
beleeefe-a thet "essesseeneshun puleetics" is a puleeticel Rurshech (ink-blut)
test:  Vhet yuoo theenk ooff it is strungly releted tu yuoor puleeticel
Bork Bork Bork!
[ind pert 6]
"Essesseeneshun Puleetics" Pert 7, by Jeem Bell
Deer leeberteriun Freeend,
I fery mooch understund zee cuncerns yuoo fueeced ebuoot my idea vheech I cell,
"Essesseeneshun Puleetics," becoose-a thees issey is nutheeng iff it
is nut redeecel und ixtreme-a.  I vrute-a it, in zee meeddle-a ooff lest yeer, pertly
becoose-a I theenk leeberteriunism und leeberteriuns in perteecooler need tu
eddress vhet is, iff nut a "cuntredeecshun," is et leest un intulereble-a
reeleety:  Oon zee oone-a hund, ve-a ere-a tuld nut tu ineetiete-a egresseeun, boot oon zee
oozeer ve-a ere-a egressed egeeenst by zee gufernment ifery teeme-a it cullects a tex.
Bork Bork Bork!
I mooch eppreceeete-a zee vey sume-a peuple-a I knoo hefe-a "drupped oooot" ooff zee
system, und zee goots thet sooch a tecteec reqooures.  Boot thet's zee prublem, I
theenk:  Oonly thuse-a veet zee "goots" du it, vheech geefes zee gufernment fooer
tergets su
thet it cun spend mure-a teeme-a etteckeeng zee foo vhu ooppuse-a it.  Zee reeleety is
thet zee gufernment STILL cullects texes, und it STILL uses thet muney tu
feeulete-a oooor reeghts.  Ve-a ell knoo thet's vrung.
Bork Bork Bork!
My puseeshun is qooeete-a seemple-a:  Iff tex cullecshun cunsteetootes egresseeun, zeen
unyune-a dueeng it oor esseesting in zee iffffurt oor beneffeetting frum zee pruceeds
zeereuff is a creeminel.  Thees is qooeete-a uneluguoos tu coorrent lev vheech
prusecootes cu-cunspureturs.  Vheele-a I em nut huldeeng oooot "coorrent lev" es
sume-a surt ooff guld-stunderd ooff reesunebleness thet ve-a moost elveys eccept, oon
zee oozeer hund I theenk it's plooseeble-a tu use-a it tu shoo thet oonce-a ve-a hefe-a
cume-a tu zee cunclooseeun thet texeshun is zeefft, zee prescreepshun fulloos
durectly by a furm ooff reesuneeng ellegedly eccepteble-a tu suceeety: It is
reesuneble-a tu "etteck zee etteckers" und zeeur cu-cunspureturs, und iferyune-a
vhu is impluyed by zee gufernment is thoos a cu-cunspuretur, ifee iff he-a is
nut durectly infulfed in zee cullecshun ooff thuse-a texes.  Thet's becoose-a he-a
IS infulfed in _beneffeetting_ frum zee pruceeds ooff zeese-a texes, und he-a
presoomebly prufeedes a certeeen lefel ooff "beckoop" tu zee yuoong thoogs thet
gufernmentel oorguneezeshuns oofftee hure-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
I reeleeze-a, und yuoo shuoold tuu, thet zee "nun-egresseeun preenciple-a" seys
nutheeng ebuoot
zee IXTENT ooff zee selff-deffense-a/reteleeeshun thet oone-a meeght reesunebly impluy
in deffendeeng oone's oovn reeghts:  In a sense-a, thet suoonds leeke-a un oomeessiun
becoose-a it et leest sooggests thet a persun meeght "unreesunebly" deffend
heemselff veet lethel furce-a vhee fer less dresteec meuns meeght nurmelly be-a
celled fur.  Fur vhet it's vurt, I theenk must peuple-a veell behefe-a
respunseebly.   Boot I theenk it is pretty streeeghtffurverd tu ergooe-a thet vhetefer
meuns ere-a necessery tu stup zee etteck, ere-a reesuneble-a geefee zee terms ooff
zee nun-egresseeun preenciple-a:  Iff a geefee meuns ere-a knoon tu be-a inedeqooete-a tu
ectooelly stup zee etteck, zeen foorzeer und mure-a sereeuoos meuns ere-a reesuneble-a
und celled-fur.
Bork Bork Bork!
Tu set up a reesuneble-a unelugy, iff I'm velkeeng doon zee cununeecel "derk
elley" und em eccusted by a mun veeelding a kneeffe-a threeteneeng me-a veet it, it
is presoomebly reesuneble-a fur me-a tu pooll a goon und threetee beck, oor pusseebly
teke-a zee incuoonter tu zee feenel cunclooseeun ooff goonffure-a.  Ifee iff I shuoold
chuuse-a tu huld my fure-a und test tu determeene-a vhezeer my ecshuns deterred
heem, I cun't see-a thet thees pusseebility beends me-a murelly.  Und shuoold he-a
edfunce-a, despeete-a zee goon, es iff tu etteck, I shuoold feel nu remurse-a in
shuuteeng heem und tekeeng myselff oooot ooff dunger.  Iff yuoo eccept zee premeeses su
fer, yuoo epperently eccept zee preenciple-a thet isceleshun ooff zee
selff-deffense-a/reteleeeshun is reesuneble-a es lung es iff zee coorrent lefel ooff
retoorned cuoonter-threet is inedeqooete-a tu stup zee egresseeun ineetieted by zee
perty.  Tu beleeefe-a oozeerveese-a is tu beleeefe-a thet ulteemetely,  yuoo ere-a
oobleegeted tu eccept a certeeen heegh lefel ooff egresseeun seemply becoose-a yuoo du
nut hefe-a zee resuoorces (yet) tu reseest it.  I tutelly reject thees cuncept,
es I hupe-a yuoo vuoold.
Bork Bork Bork!
Su iff, hypuzeeteecelly, I cuoold hefe-a un ununymuoos cunferseshun veet a
herd-nused gufernment impluyee-a, und esked heem, "Iff I keelled oone-a ooff yuoor
egents, vuoold yuoo stup tryeeng tu cullect thet tex frum me-a," hees predeecteble-a
reecshun vuoold be-a, "nu, ve-a vuoold cunteenooe-a tu try tu cullect thet tex."  In
fect, he-a vuoold prubebly hestee tu edd thet he-a vuoold try tu hefe-a me-a
prusecooted fur moorder, es vell!  Iff I vere-a tu esk iff keelling tee egents
vuoold stup zeem, egeeen zeey vuoold presoomebly sey thet thees vuoold nut chunge-a
zeeur ecshuns.
Bork Bork Bork!
Zee cunclooseeun is, tu me-a, oobfeeuoos:  Cleerly, zeere-a is nu precteecel leemit tu
zee emuoont ooff selff-deffense-a thet I vuoold need tu prutect my essets frum zee
gufernment tex cullectur, und tu ectooelly stup zee zeefft, su I sooggest thet
lugeec reqooures thet I be-a murelly und itheecelly ellooed (under leeberteriun
preenciples) tu use-a vhetefer lefel ooff selff-deffense-a I chuuse-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
Yuoo reeesed unuzeer oobjecshun, thet qooeete-a frunkly I beleeefe-a is infeleed.  I
beleeefe-a yuoo impleeed thet unteel a speceeffic lefel ooff isceleshun is reeched (
sooch es zee Feds shooeeng up oon yuoor duurstep, itc) zeen it is nut legeetimete-a
tu deffend ooneselff.  Deleecetely, I moost deesegree-a.  Es ve-a ell vell knoo,
gufernment ulteemetely ooperetes preemerily nut oon ectooel, eppleeed furce-a, boot
seemply zee threet ooff footoore-a furce-a iff yuoo du nut cumply.  Trooe-a, zeere-a ere-a
peuple-a vhu hefe-a deceeded tu cell zee gufernment's blooffff und seemply drup oooot,
boot zee reeleety is thet thees is nut precteecel fur must indeefidooels tudey.
Bork Bork Bork!
Thees is nu ecceedent:  Zee gufernment mekes it deefffficoolt tu drup oooot, becoose-a
zeey ixturt zee cuupereshun ooff bunks und putenteeel impluyers und oozeers veet
vheech yuoo vuoold oozeerveese-a be-a eble-a tu freely cuntrect.   In uny cese-a, I feeel
tu see-a hoo nut "druppeeng oooot" mekes oone-a sumehoo murelly oobleegeted tu pey a
tex (oor tulerete-a zee cullecshun ooff oone-a).   I troost yuoo deed nut inedfertently
meun tu sooggest thees.
Bork Bork Bork!
Zee reesun, murelly, ve-a ere-a inteetled tu shuut zee moogger iff he-a vefes zee
kneeffe-a in oooor fece-a is thet he-a hes threetened us veet herm, in thees cese-a tu
oooor leefes, boot zee threet zee gufernment represents tu zee eferege-a ceetizee
(luss ooff oone's inture-a essets) is joost es reel, elbeeet sumoohet deefffferent.
Bork Bork Bork!
Seence-a gufernment is a pest reeleety, und a present reeleety, und hes zee
immedeeete-a pruspects ooff beeeng a footoore-a reeleety es vell, I seencerely beleeefe-a
thet zee eferege-a ceetizee cun legeetimetely cunseeder heemselff CONTINOOOOOSLY
threetened.  Zee egresseeun hes elreedy ooccoorred, in cunteenoouoosly ooccoorreeng,
und hes ifery pruspect ooff cunteenooing tu ooccoor.  Iff unytheeng vuoold joosteeffy
feeghting beck, thees vuoold.
Bork Bork Bork!
Tu cunteenooe-a zee unelugy, iff yuoO'fe-a beee repeetedly moogged by zee seme-a gooy
doon zee seme-a derk elley fur iech dey ooff lest munt, thet DOES NOT meun thet
yuoO'fe-a sumehoo cunsented tu zee seetooeshun, oor thet yuoor reeghts tu yuoor
essets hefe-a sumehoo beee veeefed.  Veet my "Essesseeneshun Puleetics" issey, I
seemply prupused tht ve-a (es leeberteriuns es vell es beeeng oordeenery ceetizens)
begeen tu treet egresseeun by gufernment es beeeng issenteeelly iqooeefelent tu
egresseeun by mooggers, repeests, rubbers, und moorderers, und feeoo zeeur ects
es a cunteenooing sereees ooff egresseeuns.  Seee thees vey, it shuoold nut be-a
necessery tu veeet fur zeeur NEXT egresseeun; zeey veell hefe-a elveys hefe-a beee
egresseeng und zeey veell elveys BE egresseeng, egeeen und egeeen, unteel zeey ere-a
stupped fur guud.
Bork Bork Bork!
Et thet pueent, zee qooesshun sheeffted tu oone-a ooff precteecelity:  Soore-a,
zeeureteecelly ve-a meeght murelly hefe-a zee "reeght" tu prutect oooorselfes veet
lethel furce-a, boot iff zeey hefe-a uny repooteshun et ell, gufernment egents hefe-a
a hebeet ooff shooeeng up in lerge-a noombers vhee zeey ectooelly epply durect
furce-a.  Tu teke-a a puseeshun thet yuoo cun oonly deffend yuoorselff vhee _zeey'fe-a_
chusee zee "vhere-a" und "vhee" ooff zee cunffruntreshun is doonreeght sooeecidel,
und I hupe-a yuoo understund thet I vuoold cunseeder uny sooch restreecshun tu be-a
heeghly unffeur und tutelly imprecteecel.  Understund, tuu, thet zee reesun
ve're-a steell stoock under zee thoomb ooff zee gufernment is thet tu zee ixtent
it's trooe-a, "ve'fe-a" beee pleyeeng by THEIR rooles, nut by oooor oovn.  By oooor oovn
rooles, THEY ere-a zee egressurs und ve-a shuoold be-a eble-a tu treet zeem
eccurdeengly, oon oooor oovn terms, et oooor oovn cunfeneeence-a, vhenefer ve-a chuuse-a,
ispeceeelly vhee ve-a feel zee oodds ere-a oon oooor seede-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
I understund, oobfeeuoosly, thet zee "nu ineetieshun ooff egresseeun" preenciple-a is
steell feleed, boot pleese-a recugneeze-a thet I seemply dun't cunseeder it tu be-a a
feleed cuoonter-ergooment tu "Essesseeneshun Puleetics," et leest es eppleeed tu
tergets vhu heppee tu be-a gufernment egents.  Zeey'fe-a "pre-a-egressed," und I
dun't see-a uny leemit tu zee deffenses I shuoold be-a eble-a tu mooster tu stup thet
egresseeun cumpletely und permunently.  Nut thet I dun't see-a a deefffference-a
betveee deefffferent lefels ooff gooeelt:  I foolly recugneeze-a thet sume-a ooff zeem ere-a
fer vurse-a thun oozeers, und I vuoold certeeenly nut treet a looly Furest
Serfeece-a groont in zee seme-a fesheeun es un ETF sneeper.
Bork Bork Bork!
Noo, zeere-a is oone-a mure-a theeng thet I vuoold hupe-a ve-a cuoold get streeeght:  Es I
ooreeginelly "infented" thees system, it ooccoorred tu me-a thet zeere-a cuoold be-a
certeeen ergooments thet it needed tu be-a "regooleted" sumehoo;  "unvurthy"
tergets shuooldn't be-a keelled, itc.  Zee "prublem" is, vhet I'fe-a "infented"
mey (es I noo beleeefe-a it tu be-a) ectooelly a "deescufery," in a sense-a:  I noo
beleeefe-a thees keend ooff system ves elveys inefeeteble-a, merely veeeting fur zee
treeed ooff zee Internet, deegitel cesh, und guud incrypshun in oorder tu prufeede-a
zee techneecel underpeennings fur zee inture-a system.  Iff thet is genooeenely zee
cese-a, zeen zeere-a is nu reel vey tu cuntrul it, ixcept by free-a-merket
Bork Bork Bork!
It vuoold be-a impusseeble-a, fur ixemple-a, tu set up sume-a surt ooff
"Essesseeneshun Puleetics Deectetur," vhu deceedes vhu veell leefe-a und vhu veell
deee-a, becoose-a cumpeteeshun in zee system veell elveys reese-a tu soopply ifery
demund, elbeeet et pusseebly a fery heegh preece-a.  Und iff yuoo beleeefe-a zee mexeem
thet "ebsuloote-a pooer curroopts ebsulootely," yuoo vuooldn't vunt tu eccept uny
furm ooff centreleezed cuntrul (ifee, perheps, thet ooff yuoor oovn!), becoose-a uny
sooch cuntrul vuoold ifentooelly be-a curroopted.  Must reshunel peuple-a recugneeze-a
thees, und I du tuu.  I vuoold nut hefe-a infented a system vhere-a "Jeem
Bell" gets tu meke-a "ell zee deceesiuns."  Qooeete-a zee cuntrery, zee system I'fe-a
descreebed ebsulootely prefents sooch centreleezeshun.  Thet, qooeete-a frunkly, is
zee nufelty und dere-a I sey it, zee beooty ooff thees idea.  I beleeefe-a thet it
seemply cunnut be-a heejecked by centreleezed puleeticel cuntrul.
Bork Bork Bork!
Es I pueented oooot in zee issey, iff _I_ vere-a roonneeng oone-a ooff zee oorguneezeshuns
eccepteeng thuse-a duneshuns und ooffffereeng thuse-a preezes, I vuoold selecteefely
leest oonly thuse-a tergets vhu I em genooeenely seteesffied ere-a gooeelty ooff zee
feeuleshun ooff zee "nun-egresseeun preenciple-a."  Boot es a precteecel metter,
zeere-a is nu vey thet I cuoold stup a DIFFERENT oorguneezeshun frum beeeng set up
und oopereteeng under DIFFERENT murel und itheecel preenciples, ispeceeelly iff it
ununymuoosly, es I unteepete-a zee "Essesseeneshun Puleetics"-type-a  systems veell
be-a.   Thoos, I'm furced tu eccept zee reeleety thet I cun't deectete-a a
"strungly leemited" system thet vuoold "gooeruntee-a" nu "unjoosteeffied" deeths:  I
cun merely cuntrul my leettle-a peeece-a ooff zee iert und nut esseest in zee eboose-a
ooff oozeers.  I genooeenely beleeefe-a, hooefer, thet zee oopereshun ooff thees system
vuoold be-a a fest imprufement oofer zee stetoos qoou.
Bork Bork Bork!
Thees, I ergooe-a, is sumoohet uneluguoos tu un ergooment thet ve-a shuoold be-a
inteetled tu oovn fureerms, despeete-a zee fect thet SOME peuple-a veell use-a zeem
vrungly/immurelly/illegelly.  Zee oovnersheep is a reeght ifee thuoogh it mey
ulteemetely elloo oor ineble-a un eboose-a thet yuoo cunseeder vrung und pooneesheble-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
I cunseeder zee troot ooff sooch un ergooment tu be-a oobfeeuoos und currect, und I
knoo yuoo vuoold tuu.
Bork Bork Bork!
I reeleeze-a thet thees lecks zee creesp certeetoode-a ooff seffety vheech vuoold be-a
reessooreeng tu zee eferege-a, "pre-a-leeberteriun" indeefidooel.  Boot yuoo ere-a nut
zee "eferege-a indeefidooel" und I troost thet es lung-teeme-a leeberteriuns  yuoo
veell recugneeze-a reeghts moost ixeest ifee geefee zee hypuzeeteecel pusseebility
thet sumebudy mey ifentooelly eboose-a zeem.
Bork Bork Bork!
I du nut knoo vhezeer I "infented" oor "deescufered" thees system; perheps it's
a leettle-a ooff but. I du genooeenely beleeefe-a thet thees system, oor oone-a leeke-a it,
is es cluse-a tu beeeng technulugeecelly inefeeteble-a es ves zee infenshun ooff
fureerms oonce-a zee metereeel ve-a noo knoo es "goonpooder" ves infented.  I theenk
it's oon zee vey, regerdless ooff vhet ve-a du tu stup it.  Perheps mure-a thun
unyune-a ilse-a oon zee fece-a ooff thees plunet, thees nushun hes feelled me-a,
seqooenteeelly und zeen seemooltuneuoosly, veet eve-a, estuneeshment, juy, terrur,
und feenelly, releeeff.
Bork Bork Bork!
Eve-a, thet a system cuoold be-a prudooced by a hundffool ooff peuple-a thet
vuoold reed zee vurld ooff zee scuoorge-a ooff ver, noocleer veepuns, gufernments, und
texes.  Estuneeshment, et my reeleezeshun thet oonce-a sterted, it vuoold cufer
zee inture-a glube-a inexurebly, ireseeng deecteturships but fesceestic und
cummooneestic, munercheees, und ifee su-celled "demucreceees," vheech es a
generel roole-a tudey ere-a reelly joost zee fecede-a ooff gufernment by zee speceeel
interests.  Juy, thet it vuoold ileeminete-a ell ver, und furce-a zee deesmuntling
nut oonly ooff ell noocleer veepuns, boot elsu ell meeliteries, mekeeng zeem nut
merely redoondunt boot elsu cunseedered uneeferselly dungeruoos, leefeeng zeeur
"oovners" nu chueece-a boot tu deesmuntle-a zeem, und in fect nu reesun tu KEEP zeem!
Terrur, tuu, becoose-a thees system mey joost chunge-a elmust IFERYTHING hoo ve-a
theenk ebuoot oooor coorrent suceeety, und ifee mure-a fur myselff persunelly, zee
knooledge-a thet zeere-a mey sume-a dey be-a a lerge-a budy ooff veelthy peuple-a vhu ere-a
throon ooffff zeeur coorrent puseeshuns ooff cuntrul ooff zee vurld's gufernments,
und zee fery-reel pusseebility thet zeey mey luuk fur a "feellein" tu bleme-a
fur zeeur doonffell.  Zeey veell feend oone-a, in me-a, und et thet teeme-a zeey veell
hefe-a zee muney und (thunks tu me-a, et leest perteeelly) zee meuns tu see-a zeeur
refenge-a.  Boot I vuoold nut hefe-a poobleeshed thees issey iff I hed beee unveelling
tu eccept zee reesk.
Bork Bork Bork!
Feenelly, releeeff.  Meybe-a I'm a beet premetoore-a tu sey it, boot I'm seteesffied ve-a
_veell_ be-a free-a.  I'm cunfeenced zeere-a is nu elterneteefe-a.  It mey feel leeke-a a
ruller-cuester reede-a oon zee vey zeere-a, boot es ooff tudey I theenk oooor
desteeneshun is certeeen.  Pleese-a understund, ve-a _veell_ be-a free-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
Yuoor leeberteriun freeend,
Jeem Bell
"Essesseeneshun Puleetics" Pert 9, by Jeem Bell, Febrooery 27, 1996
Fur ebuoot a yeer I hefe-a beee cunseedering zee impleeceshuns ooff "Essesseeneshun
Puleetics," und fur mure-a thun seex munths I'fe-a beee shereeng zee soobject und my
mooseengs veet yuoo, zee interested reeder.  I'fe-a elsu beee debeteeng zee issooe-a
veet ell cumers, a selff-selected boonch vhu runge-a frum inthooseeestic
prupunents tu clooeless creetics.  Iruneecelly, sume-a ooff yuoo hefe-a ifee cheeded me-a
fur "vesteeng teeme-a" veet sume-a ooff zee less percepteefe-a emung my noomeruoos
"ooppunents."  In deffense-a, my respunse-a hes elveys beee thet vhee I respund tu
a persun, I du it nut preemerily fur hees beneffeet, boot fur oozeers vhu meeght be-a
fence-a-seetting und ere-a veeeting tu see-a iff my idea veell breek doon unyvhere-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
Iff zeere-a is unytheeng vheech hes fesceeneted me-a es mooch es zee ooreeginel idea,
it is thees fest und dremeteec deesperity betveee zeese-a  fereeuoos respunses.
Bork Bork Bork!
It's beee celled iferytheeng frum "a vurk ooff geneeoos" tu "etruceeuoos," und
prubebly mooch vurse-a!  Cleerly, zeere-a moost be-a a foondementel, suceeel issooe-a
here-a thet needs tu be-a resulfed.
Bork Bork Bork!
Vheele-a nubudy hes qooeete-a yet seeed it in thuse-a terms, I'm soore-a thet mure-a thun
oone-a ooff yuoo hefe-a prubebly vunted tu reect tu my pruse-a veet zee leene-a, "See-a a
shreenk!"  [Emereecun slung fur a psychreeetrist, fur zee interneshunel reeders
oooot zeere-a.]  Vell, in a sense-a thet's ixectly vhet I deed, boot zee "shreenk" I
"sev" hed beee deed fur oofer feefe-a  decedes:  Seegmoond Freood.  Mooch tu my
soorpreese-a, I ves hunded a cupy ooff a buuk, Intrudoocshun tu Greet Buuks (ISBN
0-945159-97-8) vheech cunteeened (pege-a 7) a letter frum Freood tu Elbert
Ieenstein.  Oon pege-a 6, zeere-a is un intrudoocshun, descreebing zee reesun fur
thees cummooneeceshun.   It seys:
"In 1932, zee Leegooe-a ooff Neshuns esked Elbert Ieenstein tu chuuse-a a prublem ooff
interest tu heem und tu ixchunge-a feeoos veet sumeune-a ebuoot it.  Ieenstein chuse-a
"Is zeere-a uny vey ooff deleefering munkeend frum zee menece-a ooff ver?" es hees
prublem und Seegmoond Freood es hees currespundent.  In hees letter tu Freood,
Ieenstein seeed thet oone-a vey ooff ileemineting ver ves tu istebleesh a
soopruneshunel oorguneezeshun veet zee oothureety tu settle-a deespootes betveee
neshunes und pooer tu inffurce-a its deceesiuns.  Boot Ieenstein ecknooledged thet
thees sulooshun deelt oonly veet zee edmeenistretife-a espect ooff zee prublem, und
thet interneshunel secooreety cuoold nefer be-a echeeefed unteel mure-a ves knoon
ebuoot hoomun psychulugy.  Moost reeght elveys be-a sooppurted by meeght?  Ves
iferyune-a sooscepteeble-a tu feeleengs ooff hete-a und destroocteefeness?  It ves tu
zeese-a qooesshuns Freood eddressed heemselff in hees reply."
Interesteengly inuoogh, vhee I furst sterted theenking ebuoot zee idea thet I
vuoold leter term "Essesseeneshun Puleetics," I ves nut intendeeng tu deseegn a
system thet hed zee cepebeelity tu ileeminete-a ver und meeliteries.  Vhet I ves
tergeteeng, preemerily, ves puleeticel tyrunny.  By my stunderds, thet inclooded
nut merely tuteleeteriun gufernments boot elsu oones thet muny ooff us vuoold
cunseeder fer mure-a beneegn, in perteecooler zee Federel gufernment ooff zee Uneeted
Stetes ooff Emereeca, "my" cuoontry.  Oonly effter I hed thuooght ooff zee
foondementel preenciple-a ooff ellooeeng lerge-a noombers ooff ceetizens tu du evey veet
unvunted puleeticiuns ves I "furced," by my vurk up tu thet pueent, tu eddress
zee issooe-a ooff zee lugeecel cunseqooences ooff zee oopereshun ooff thet system, vheech
(by "tredeeshunel" veys ooff theenking) vuoold leefe-a thees cuoontry veethuoot
leeders, oor a gufernment, oor a meelitery, in a vurld veet muny threets.  I
ves lefft veet zee seme-a foondementel prublem thet's plegooed zee leeberteriun
unelysees ooff furmeeng a cuoontry in a vurld dumeeneted by nun-leeberteriun
stetes:  It ves nut cleer hoo sooch a cuoontry cuoold deffend itselff frum
egresseeun iff it cuoold nut furce-a its ceetizens tu feeght.
Bork Bork Bork!
Oonly zeen deed I reeleeze-a thet iff thees system cuoold vurk veethin a seengle-a
cuoontry, it cuoold elsu vurk vurldveede-a, ileemineting threets frum ooootseede-a zee
cuoontry es vell es curroopt puleeticiuns veethin.  Und shurtly zeereeffter, I
reeleezed thet nut oonly cuoold thees ooccoor, sooch a spreed ves ebsulootely
inefeeteble-a, by zee fery netoore-a ooff mudern cummooneeceshuns ecruss zee Internet,
oor oolder technulugeees sooch es zee telephune-a, fex, oor ifee letters vreettee oon
peper.  In shurt, nu ver need ifer ooccoor egeeen, becoose-a nu deespoote-a vuoold
ifer infulfe-a mure-a thun a teeny noomber ooff peuple-a et uny oone-a teeme-a.  Foorzeer, nu
tyrunt vuoold ifer be-a eble-a tu reese-a tu zee lefel ooff leeder, leedeeng hees
cuoontry intu a destroocteefe-a ver egeeenst zee veeshes ooff hees mure-a reesuneble-a
ceetizens.  He-a vuoold be-a ooppused, lugeecelly inuoogh, by zee ceetizens ooff zee
cuoontry he-a intended tu ver veet, oobfeeuoosly, boot he-a vuoold elsu drev zee ire-a
ooff ceetizens veethin hees oovn cuoontry vhu ieezeer deedn't vunt tu pey zee texes
tu sooppurt a vesteffool ver, oor luse-a zeeur suns und dooghters in pueentless
bettles, oor fur thet metter vere-a seemply ooppused tu perteecipeting in zee
egresseeun.  Tugezeer, ell zeese-a putenteeelly-effffected peuples vuoold uneete-a
(elbeeet qooeete-a ununymuoosly, ifee frum iech oozeer) und destruy zee tyrunt
beffure-a he-a hed zee ooppurtooneety tu meke-a zee ver.
Bork Bork Bork!
I ves utterly estuneeshed.  Seemeengly, und veethuoot intendeeng tu du su, I hed
prufeeded a sulooshun fur zee "ver" prublem thet hes plegooed munkeend fur
meellennia.  Boot hed I?  I reelly dun't knoo.  I du knoo, hooefer, thet fery
foo peuple-a hefe-a chellenged me-a oon thees perteecooler cleeem, despeete-a vhet vuoold
nurmelly eppeer tu be-a its fest imprubebeelity.  Vheele-a sume-a ooff zee less
percepteefe-a creetics ooff "Essesseeneshun Puleetics" hefe-a eccoosed me-a ooff
ileemineting ver und replece-a it veet sumetheeng thet veell ind up beeeng vurse-a,
it is trooly emezeeng thet mure-a peuple-a hefen't bereted me-a fur nut oonly
beleeefing in zee impusseeble-a, boot elsu beleeefing thet zee impusseeble-a is noo
ectooelly inefeeteble-a!
A leettle-a mure-a thun a veek egu, I ves hunded thees buuk, und esked tu reed
Freood's letter, by a persun vhu ves evere-a ooff my "leettle-a" pheelusuphicel
qooundery.  I begun tu reed Freood's letter in respunse-a tu Ieenstein, hefeeng
nefer reed uny oozeer vurd Freood hed vreettee, und  hefeeng reed issenteeelly
nune-a ooff zee vurks ooff zee geeunts ooff Pheelusuphy.  (Noo, ooff cuoorse-a, I feel
tremenduoosly gooeelty et zee oomeessiun in my idooceshun, boot I'fe-a elveys beee
ettrected mure-a tu zee "herd sceeences," leeke-a chemeestry, physeecs, mezeemeteecs,
ilectruneecs, und cumpooters.)  Seence-a thees letter ves speceefficelly oon ver, und
zee qooesshun ooff  vhezeer mun cuoold ifer efueed it, I felt perheps it vuoold
cunteeen sume-a fect oor ergooment thet vuoold currect vhet ves seemply a
tempurery, felse-a impresseeun in my meend. Seemooltuneuoosly, I ves hupeffool thet I
meeght ind up beeeng reeght, boot elterneteefely huped thet iff vrung, I vuoold be-a
suun currected.  I ves feerffool thet I ves vrung, boot elsu feerffool thet zeere-a
vuoold be-a nutheeng in thees issey thet vuoold esseest me-a in my unelysees ooff zee
Bork Bork Bork!
Ebuoot a thurd ooff zee vey thruoogh Freood's letter, I hed my unsver.  Beloo, I
shoo a segment ooff Freood's reply, perheps sefeeng zee vhule-a letter fur
inclooseeun intu a leter pert ooff thees oongueeng issey.  Vheele-a I cuoold
dresteecelly ooferseempliffy zee seetooeshun und stete-a, "Freood ves vrung!," it
toorns oooot thet thees breeeff cunclooseeun is et best heeghly meesleeding und et
vurst flurteeng veet deeshunesty.  By fer zee greeter pert ooff Freood's unelysees
mekes a greet deel ooff sense-a tu me-a, und I vuoold sey he's prubebly currect.
Bork Bork Bork!
Boot it is et oone-a pueent thet I beleeefe-a he-a gues joost a beet vrung, elthuoogh fur
reesuns vheech ere-a inturely understundeble-a und ifee predeecteble-a, geefee zee
ege-a in vheech he-a leefed.  It moost be-a remembered, fur ixemple-a, thet Freood ves
burn intu un ira vhere-a zee telephune-a ves a noo infenshun, bruedcest redeeu
ves nun-ixeestent, und noospepers vere-a zee preemery meuns thet noos ves
cummooneeceted tu zee poobleec.  It vuoold be-a heeghly unreesuneble-a fur us tu hefe-a
ixpected Freood tu hefe-a unteecipeted defelupments sooch es zee Internet,
ununymuoos deegitel cesh, und guud poobleec-key incrypshun.
Bork Bork Bork!
In sume-a sense-a, et thet pueent, my beeggest regret ves thet I cuooldn't deescooss
zee issooe-a veet ieezeer ooff zeese-a tvu cummooneecunts, Freood hefeeng deeed in 1939,
und Ieenstein in 1955, effter hefeeng helped ineetiete-a reseerch thet led tu zee
defelupment ooff zee etumeec bumb, zee veepun thet fur decedes und ifee noo,
mekes it ebsulootely, feetelly impurtunt tu ileeminete-a zee pusseebility ooff ver
frum zee vurld.
Bork Bork Bork!
 Boot I'll let Dr. Freood speek, es he-a spuke-a oofer seexty yeers egu, becoose-a he-a
hes mooch tu sey:
"Sooch zeen, ves zee ooreeginel stete-a ooff theengs:  dumeeneshun by vhuefer hed zee
greeter meeght--dumeeneshun by broote-a feeulence-a oor by feeulence-a sooppurted by
intellect.  Es ve-a knoo, thees regeeme-a ves eltered in zee cuoorse-a ooff ifulooshun.
Bork Bork Bork!
Zeere-a ves a pet thet led frum feeulence-a tu reeght oor lev.  Vhet ves thet
pet?  It is my beleeeff thet zeere-a ves oonly oone-a:  zee pet vheech led by vey
ooff zee fect thet zee soopereeur strengt ooff a seengle-a indeefidooel cuoold be-a
reefeled by zee uneeun ooff seferel veek oones.  "L'ooneeun feeet la furce-a."
[French; In uneeun zeere-a is strengt.]  Feeulence-a cuoold be-a brukee by uneeun,
und zee pooer ooff thuse-a vhu vere-a uneeted noo represented lev in cuntrest tu
zee feeulence-a ooff zee seengle-a indeefidooel.  Thoos ve-a see-a thet reeght is zee meeght
ooff a cummooneety.  It is steell feeulence-a, reedy tu be-a durected egeeenst uny
indeefidooel vhu reseests it; it vurks by zee seme-a methuds und fulloos zee seme-a
poorpuses.  Zee oonly reel deefffference-a leees in zee fect thet vhet prefeeels is
nu lunger zee feeulence-a ooff un indeefidooel boot thet ooff a cummooneety."
[Boot beloo is vhere-a I theenk Freood fells intu a certeeen degree-a ooff irrur,
perheps nut by zee stunderds und reeleeties ooff _hees_ dey, boot thuse-a ooff oooors.
Bork Bork Bork!
My cumments ere-a in sqooere-a breckets, [], und Freood's cumments ere-a qoouted "".
Bork Bork Bork!
 Freood cunteenooes: ]
"Boot in oorder thet zee trunseeshun frum feeulence-a tu thees noo reeght oor joosteece-a
mey be-a iffffected, oone-a psychulugeecel cundeeshun moost be-a foolffeelled.  Zee uneeun
ooff zee mejureety moost be-a a steble-a und lesteeng oone-a.   Iff it vere-a oonly bruooght
ebuoot fur zee poorpuse-a ooff cumbeteeng a seengle-a dumeenunt indeefidooel und vere-a
deessulfed effter hees deffeet, nutheeng vuoold be-a eccumpleeshed. Zee next persun
vhu thuoogh heemselff soopereeur in strengt vuoold oonce-a mure-a seek tu set up a
dumeeniun by feeulence-a und zee geme-a vuoold be-a repeeted ed inffeenitoom.  Zee
cummooneety moost be-a meeenteined permunently, moost be-a oorguneezed, moost drev up
regooleshuns tu unteecipete-a zee reesk ooff rebelleeun und moost insteetoote-a
oothureeties tu see-a thet thuse-a regooleshuns--zee levs-- ere-a respected und tu
soopereentend zee ixecooshun ooff legel ects ooff feeulence-a.  Zee recugneeshun ooff a
cummooneety ooff interests sooch es zeese-a leeds tu zee groot ooff imushunel teees
betveee zee members ooff a uneeted gruoop ooff peuple-a--cummoonel feeleengs vheech ere-a
zee trooe-a suoorce-a ooff its strengt."     [ind ooff Freood's qooute-a]
[Thuse-a ooff yuoo vhu trooly cumprehend zee idea ooff "Essesseeneshun Puleetics"
veell, I'm cunffeedent, understund ixectly vhy I cunseedered thees segment ooff
Freood's letter tu be-a impurtunt inuoogh tu incloode-a, und veell prubebly elsu
recugneeze-a vhy I cunseeder Freood's unelysees tu gu vrung, elbeeet fur
cumpereteefely meenur und understundeble-a reesuns.  I veell eddress zee lest
peregreph in greeter deteeel, tu ixpleeen vhet I meun.  I veell repeet Freood's
vurds, und eddress iech ooff hees pueents frum zee stundpueent ooff tudey's
seetooeshun und technulugy.]
"Boot in oorder thet zee trunseeshun frum feeulence-a tu thees noo reeght oor joosteece-a
mey be-a iffffected, oone-a psychulugeecel cundeeshun moost be-a foolffeelled.  Zee uneeun
ooff zee mejureety moost be-a a steble-a und lesteeng oone-a."
[In a sense-a, Freood is ebsulootely currect:  Vhetefer system is chusee tu
"gufern" a suceeety, it moost cunteenooe-a tu ooperete-a "furefer." ]  Freood cunteenooes:
" Iff it vere-a oonly bruooght ebuoot fur zee poorpuse-a ooff cumbeteeng a seengle-a
dumeenunt indeefidooel und vere-a deessulfed effter hees deffeet, nutheeng vuoold be-a
[Thees is vhere-a zee prublem begeens tu creep in.  Freood is leedeeng up tu
joosteeffying zee ixeestence-a ooff a furmel gufernment es he-a knoo zeem in zee
1930's, besed oon zee cunteenooing need fur keepeeng zee peece-a.  Zee furst, und
I theenk, zee must oobfeeuoos prublem is thet Freood seems tu impleecitly essoome-a
thet zee poorpuse-a ooff zee uneeun veell ectooelly be-a foolffeelled by zee furmeshun ooff
a gufernment.  Freood, vhu deeed in 1939, deedn't see-a vhet hees soorfeefurs sev, a
"legeetimete-a" gufernment in Germuny hefeeng keelled meelliuns ooff peuple-a in zee
Hulucoost, oor muny oozeer inceedents soobseqooent tu thet.  Und Freood, vhuse-a
letter ves vreettee in 1932, ves prubebly nut evere-a ooff zee slooghter ooff zee
Roosseeun Kooleks in zee lete-a 1920's und ierly 1930's, oor zee poorges vheech
fullooed.  Freood cuoold hefe-a felt, generelly, thet zee prublems veet a
cuoontry's gufernunce-a vere-a coosed ieezeer by inedeqooete-a gufernment oor seemply a
rere-a ixemple-a ooff gufernment gune-a bed.  Ve-a knoo, tu zee cuntrery, thet
gufernments fery freqooently "gu bed," in zee sense-a ooff feeuleting ceetizen's
reeghts und ebooseeng zee pooer introosted tu zeem.  Foo mey ind up keelling
meelliuns, boot tu essoome-a thet ve-a moost cunteenooe-a tu tulerete-a gufernments joost
becoose-a zeey dun't gu qooeete-a es fer es Nezee Germuny vuoold be-a fuuleesh in zee
[Zee secund prublem is zee impleecit essoompshun thet zee lung-term cuntrul he-a
(currectly) sees MOOST cume-a frum un oorguneezeshun leeke-a a tredeeshunel
gufernment.  Trooe-a, in zee ira in vheech Freood leefed, thet cunclooseeun mede-a a
greet deel ooff sense-a, becoose-a a vell-fooncshuneeng gufernment eppeered soopereeur
tu nune-a et ell.  Und it ves et leest plooseeble-a thet sooch cuntrul COOOLD cume-a
frum a gufernment.  Boot es zee oold seyeeng gues, "Pooer curroopts, und
ebsuloote-a pooer curroopts ebsulootely."]
[Tu use-a a huoose's zeermustet es un unelugy, boot deefffferently thun I deed in
"Essesseeneshun Puleetics pert 6," a persun vhu leefed in un ira beffure-a
ootumeteec foornece-a zeermustets vuoold elveys cuncloode-a thet a persun's iffffurts
vuoold hefe-a tu be-a cunteenooelly durected tooerds meeenteining un ifee
temperetoore-a in hees huoose-a, by eddeeng fooel oor leemiting it, by eddeeng mure-a eur
oor restreecting, itc.  Tu zee ixtent thet thees munooel cuntrul cunsteetootes a
"gufernment," he-a veell beleeefe-a thet thees hunds-oon cuntrul veell elveys be-a
necessery.  Boot ve-a noo leefe-a in a teeme-a vhere-a a persun's teeme-a is rerely
durected tooerds thees iffffurt, zee fooncshun hefeeng beee tekee oofer by
ootumeteec zeermustets vheech ere-a cheep, releeeble-a, und eccoorete-a.  Zeey ere-a
elsu, inceedentelly, issenteeelly "uncurroopteeble-a," in zee sense-a thet zeey
dun't feeel ixcept fur "understundeble-a" reesuns, und repeur is cheep und
iesy.  (Und a zeermustet cun nefer be-a breebed, oor get tured, oor hefe-a its oovn
interests et heert und begeen tu soobfert yuoor oovn cummunds.)   Qooeete-a seemply,
zee prugress ooff technulugy hes poot cuntrul ooff temperetoore-a in zee hunds ooff un
ootumeteec, irrur-free-a system thet is su releeeble-a es tu be-a ignureble-a must ooff
zee teeme-a.]
[I ergooe-a thet leekooise-a, zee prugress ooff technulugy vuoold elloo un ootumeteec
system tu be-a set up, vheech I celled "Essesseeneshun Puleetics" (boot cuoold
prubebly use-a a mure-a ept neme-a, seence-a its eppleeceshun ixtends fer beyund zee
issooe-a ooff puleetics) deefffferent frum tredeeshunel gufernment, a deefffference-a
sumoohet uneluguoos tu zee deefffference-a betveee a persun's fooll-teeme-a iffffurts
und un ootumeteec zeermustet.  Eseede-a frum zee dremeteec redoocshun in iffffurt
infulfed, un ootumeteec system vuoold ileeminete-a zee irrurs coosed by
inettenshun by zee ooperetur, sooch es leefeeng, felleeng esleep, oor oozeer
tempurery leck ooff cuncentreshun.  Zeese-a feeeloores ere-a sumoohet uneluguoos tu
zee feeeloore-a oor meesbehefiur ooff a curroopteeble-a oor indeefffferent oor ifee a
meleeciuoos gufernment.]
[Thees mekes a gufernment leeke-a Freood sev tutelly unnecessery.  Ooff cuoorse-a,
Freood cuoold nut hefe-a unteecipeted zee technulugeecel defelupments thet vuoold
meke-a un "ootumeteec" replecement fur gufernment ifee pusseeble-a, und thoos he-a
fullooed hees cuntempurery peredeegms und suooght tu joosteeffy zee gufernments es
zeey zeen ixeested.]  Freood cunteenooes:
"Zee next persun vhu thuooght heemselff soopereeur in strengt vuoold oonce-a mure-a
seek tu set up a dumeeniun by feeulence-a und zee geme-a vuoold be-a repeeted ed
[Thees stetement is currect, boot I theenk it meesses zee pueent:  Muny fooncshuns
ooff indeefidooels und mecheenes ere-a nefer "cumpleted", und moost "be-a repeeted ed
inffeenitoom."  (Zee must beseec ixemple-a:  Iff ve-a ere-a oopteemistic ebuoot zee footoore-a
ooff zee hoomun rece-a, by deffeenishun reprudoocshun und soorfeefel moost be-a "repeeted
ed inffeenitoom.")   Thet dues nut meun thet zee mechuneesm vheech hundles thet
need moost be-a uny mure-a cumpleeceted thet zee meenimoom necessery tu echeeefe-a zee
cuntrul needed.  I egree-a thet a system ooff lung-term cuntrul is necessery;
vhere-a I deesegree-a veet Freood is seemply thet I beleeefe-a thet a festly better
methud ooff cuntrul noo cun putenteeelly ixeest thun zee tredeeshunel gufernments
thet he-a
knoo.  Tu zee ixtent thet he-a cuooldn't hefe-a unteecipeted zee Internet,
ununymuoos deegitel cesh, und guud incrypshun, he-a hed nu reesun tu beleeefe-a
thet gufernment cuoold be-a "ootumeted" und tekee oooot ooff zee hunds ooff a teeny
frecshun ooff zee pupooleshun, a frecshun vheech is curroopteeble-a, meleeciuoos, und
selff-interested.  Elsu, by nut beeeng evere-a ooff mudern technulugy, he-a is
unevere-a hoo iesy it hes becume-a, cunceptooelly, fur peuple-a tu cume-a tugezeer
fur zeeur selff-deffense-a, iff thet selff-deffense-a reqooured oonly a foo keelubytes
be-a sent oofer feeber-oopteec cebles tu a centrel regeestry.  Freood's oobjecshun tu
un "indlessly repeeteeng" system breeks doon in thees cese-a, su hees cunclooseeun
need nut be-a cunseedered feleed.]
Freood cunteenooes:
"Zee cummooneety moost be-a meeenteined permunently, moost be-a oorguneezed, moost drev
up regooleshuns tu unteecipete-a zee reesk ooff rebelleeun und moost insteetoote-a
oothureeties tu see-a thet thuse-a regooleshuns--zee levs-- ere-a respected und tu
soopereentend zee ixecooshun ooff legel ects ooff feeulence-a."
[Egeeen, I theenk Freood meesses zee pueent.  He-a reffers tu "zee reesk ooff
rebelleeun," boot I theenk he-a furgets thet zee meeen reesun fur "rebelleeun" is
zee eboose-a by zee gufernment zeen in cuntrul. (Netoorelly, it luuks
deefffferently frum zee stundpueent ooff thet gufernment!)   Iff zee letter prublem
cuoold be-a ileemineted, "rebelleeun" vuoold seemply nefer ooccoor, fur zeere-a vuoold
be-a nu reesun fur it.  Iff thuse-a thet vere-a "rebelleeng" vere-a in zee vrung,
feeuleting sumebudy's reeghts, zeen my "Essesseeneshun Puleetics" system vuoold
be-a eble-a tu teke-a cere-a ooff it.  Thees, presoomebly und understundebly, Freood
cuoold nefer hefe-a fureseee. Elsu, Freood dues nut eddress zee qooesshun ooff
vhezeer oor nut zee gufernment vheech prumoolgetes thuse-a levs is dueeng su in a vey
preemerily fur zee beneffeet ooff zee poobleec, oor thuse-a vhu pupoolete-a zee
gufernment itselff. Grefft ves vell knoon iff Freood's teeme-a; it seems tu me-a thet
he-a shuoold hefe-a eddressed zee qooesshun ooff vhezeer oor nut un inteety celled a
"gufernment" cuoold ectooelly echeeefe-a zee beneffeets he-a cleeems joosteeffy zee
gufernment, veethuoot beeeng soobferted by thuse-a vhu cuntrul it, fur zeeur oovn
interests.  Iff nut, zeen zeere-a is certeeenly a issooe-a tu be-a eddressed:  Et
vhet pueent du zee depredeshuns ooff a pereseetic gufernment ixceed its
beneffeets?  Und cun ve-a feend a vey tu du veethuoot it?]  Freood cunteenooes:
"Zee recugneeshun ooff a cummooneety ooff interests sooch es zeese-a leeds tu zee
groot ooff imushunel teees betveee zee members ooff a uneeted gruoop ooff
peuple-a--cummoonel feeleengs vheech ere-a zee trooe-a suoorce-a ooff its strengt."
[thees is ind ooff zee purshun ooff Freood's letter vheech I qooute-a here-a.]
Oone-a ooff zee interesteeng theengs ebuoot thees stetement is thet it is zee
defelupment ooff tuuls sooch es zee Internet vheech veell be-a ileemineting zee fery
cuncept ooff "fureeegn" und "fureeegner."  Zeey veell becume-a erteefficiel
deestincshuns.  Zeere-a is cleerly mooch precedent fur thees, frum zee cuoontry in
vheech I leefe-a, Emereeca.  Vhee furmed, it cunteeened peuple-a vhuse-a preemery
luyelty ves tu zeeur _stete-a,_ nut tu zee Federel gufernment es a vhule-a. Ifee
oooor ceefil ver, frum 1861 tu 1865, ves besed oon luyelty tu stetes oor regeeuns,
rezeer thun zee cuoontry es a vhule-a.   Tu ceete-a joost oone-a ixemple-a, myselff,
vheele-a I reseede-a in zee stete-a celled Vesheengtun, I'fe-a leefed in a noomber ooff
oozeer stetes, boot I dun't cunseeder myselff luyel tu uny perteecooler stete-a.
Bork Bork Bork!
(Perheps useeng myselff es un ixemple-a is meesleeding, becoose-a et thees pueent I
dun't cunseeder myselff "luyel" tu uny gufernment et ell!)
In fect, leter in Freood's letter, he-a seys, "Unytheeng thet incuooreges zee
groot ooff imushunel teees betveee mee moost ooperete-a egeeenst ver."  Sedly,
Freood deed nut leefe-a tu see-a zee defelupment ooff zee Internet, und zee messeefe-a
interneshunel cummooneeceshun vheech it hes elreedy begoon tu fuster.  In _hees_
dey, zee oordeenery peuple-a ooff oone-a cuoontry und unuzeer rerely cummooneeceted,
ixcept perheps fur letters veet releteefes frum "zee oold cuoontry" thet
imeegreted.  Zee idea ooff gueeng tu ver veet peuple-a frum vhum yuoo get imeeel oon
a deeely besees is, in itselff, a "fureeegn cuncept" tu me-a, und I hupe-a it veell
remeeen su!  In thet sense-a, Freood ves fery reeght:  "Essesseeneshun Puleetics"
ecteefe-a oor nut, it veell be-a mooch herder fur gufernments tu vheep up zeeur
ceetizens intu a frenzy tu keell zee inemy iff zeey cun type-a tu zeem ifery dey.
Bork Bork Bork!
Froostreteengly lefft ununsvered is a qooesshun vhuse-a unsver I'd leeke-a tu knoo:
Cuoold I hefe-a cunfeenced Freood, oor Ieenstein, thet "Essesseeneshun Puleetics" is
nut oonly a necessery oor ifee un unefueedeble-a system, boot elsu a GOOD oone-a?
Cuoold I cunfeence-a zeem tudey, hed zeey murecooluoosly soorfeefed unteel tudey,
evere-a ooff zee lest 64 yeers ooff heestury soobseqooent tu zeeur currespundence-a?
Jeem Bell
jeembell at peceeffier.cum

@_date: 1996-02-02 16:15:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Are anon remailers the only way to send anon email without giving up the source eventhough an organization has a wealth of dough/technology and several class B addresses?  Couldn't they just trick their mail servers or would a nslookup/whois defeat that?
And are nym accounts the only way to receive email without giving up who the intended recipient of tha mail/news post actually is?

@_date: 1996-02-04 05:26:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [CONSPIRACYPUNKS] RC2 Source Code - Legal Warning from RSADSI 
It is becoming obvious to anyone with two brain cells to rub
together that RC4 and now RC2 have been deliberately released by RSA
Data Security.
     Consider that neither of these ciphers would be used in any
freely available software systems if licensing fees had to be paid to
RSA.  Now that the algorithms are public knowledge, many developers
will include them in their products if for no other reason than to
tweak RSA's nose.
     The warning notices and claims of dire consequences from RSA
are clearly designed to spread FUD among deep-pocket users of such
products.  Rather than risk any legal exposure, medium and large
companies who wish to use products containing RC2 and RC4 will obtain
licenses from RSA.  RSA has traded the entirety of a small pie for a
significant portion of a much larger pastry.
     Quite brilliant marketing when one thinks about it.

@_date: 1996-02-10 03:39:09
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Telnet-ietf: AUTH, ENCRYPT 
Heads up:
message integrity checking to option negotiation, so it can't be hacked
with an active attack to defeat, for example, the AUTH and ENCRYPT options.
'telnet berserkly.cray.com 23000' gets you to an interactive browser of the
list archives.  Subscriptions to telnet-ietf-request at cray.com.

@_date: 1996-02-23 07:35:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IPG HoaxRe: IPG Hoax? 
Well, not only is "Ralph" detweiling more intensely than anyone
since the original, hitting as many hot buttons as possible,
but he does an impressive job of trying to sound erudite by
quoting various literary figures while misspellling their names
(and misspeling other words far be-yond his obvious typ1ng defishncies.)
And, of course, if he _isn't_ a hoax, he's probably representative
of the rest of his company's quality process.
Either way, he's quite impressive!
                                Dos-toy-evsky

@_date: 1996-02-27 22:28:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Perl T-shirt makes the big time 
Spotted in an NSA contractor's office: a column from InfoWeek or some such rag about the RSA-Perl T-shirt. Said column hijacked May's idea that shirting was trivial and turned it on ear-- ITAR is routinely being violated and no one cares.
NSA-heads said they got article by fax from the Death Star in Ft. Meade. Wonder how many black-clad Perl-toters there are on the reservation.

@_date: 1996-01-12 18:50:14
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: AP story on PGP 
U.S. Attorney Won't Prosecute Author of Computer Encryption Program
By ELIZABETH WEISE=
AP Cyberspace Writer=
program he wrote that was put on the Internet and is now widely
used by computer users to keep their communications secret, the
government said Thursday.
computer messages into a jumble of numbers and letters unreadable
to anyone except the intended recipient.
under the Arms Export Control Act, making its export without a
license a felony.
the program appeared on the Internet global computer network.
Zimmerman said that others put it there, not him.
fear it will make it harder to monitor electronic communications
overseas, and domestic law enforcement agencies are concerned such
programs could keep them from eavesdropping on digital
prosecute Zimmerman, but didn't say why. If convicted, Zimmermann
would have faced 51 months in prison.
me anymore and I wonder why it took so long,'' Zimmermann said in a
phone interview from his home in Boulder, Colorado.
The information age is here. The rest of us need cryptography to
conduct our business.''
government square off over free speech and privacy rights.
that Zimmerman had broken the law because the same coding
information forbidden for export electronically may be shipped
abroad in print form. They also noted that the technology already
circulates throughout the world, making the law unenforceable.
Attorney seemed to be missing the point. Unfortunately there still
is no clear ruling from our government as to whether or not making
software available on the Internet counts as exporting it,'' said
Simson Garfinkel, who wrote a book about the program.
government could do widespread eavesdropping, perhaps for political
reasons, scanning for words and phrases it considers subversive.
They acknowledge that a few criminals may use programs like PGP to
hide out in cyberspace, but believe that concern is outweighed by
free speech and privacy rights.
good technologies for privacy. We hope the government's decision
signals a rethinking of federal policy in this very important
area,'' said Marc Rotenberg of the Electronic Privacy Information
Center in Washington, an on-line civil rights watchdog group.
they don't want the public relations nightmare of prosecuting
Philip Zimmermann, but they still want everyone scared so that they
won't exercise their Constitutional rights,'' Garfinkel said.

@_date: 1996-01-12 21:07:38
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: BIG NEWS: PRZ investigation dropped! 
: >From: mech at eff.org (Stanton McCandlish)
: >Date: Thu, 11 Jan 1996 11:53:46 -0800 (PST)
: >
: >Justice Dept. dropped investigation of Phil Zimmermann, declines to : >prosecute.
: : I never expected them to prosecute, unless he forced them to by
: toilet bombing the court, but I did expect them to keep on
: "investigating" him forever and a day.
The statute of limitations would have run out in a few months.
They could have kept "investigating" a little longer, but then they would
have looked really stupid investigating a crime that they couldn't
prosecute.  That would also have been clear evidence of harassment.

@_date: 1996-01-17 23:38:09
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Information Sent by Netscape during Queries 
anon-remailer at utopia.hacktic.nl (Anonymous) said:
A> Just back up your Netscape executable, then load it into Emacs (or
A> any editor which can handle arbitrary binary files), search for the
A> "Referer:" string, and change it to an appropriate string of the same
A> length.
A> "MYOB: " sounds like an appropriate string to me...

@_date: 1996-01-18 14:08:59
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Information Sent by Netscape during Queries 
But on Unix systems, at least, you can make "referer" more difficult
for nosy servers to use -- subject to the "applicable laws" where you
live.  (The license agreement says, "...you agree not to modify the
Software ... except to the extent [that] applicable laws specifically
prohibit such restriction.")
Just back up your Netscape executable, then load it into Emacs (or any
editor which can handle arbitrary binary files), search for the "Referer:"
string, and change it to an appropriate string of the same length.
"MYOB:   " sounds like an appropriate string to me...
Please note: This message has been anonymized on request of its sender.
If you would prefer not to receive anonymous mails from this machine,
please contact postmaster at bi-node.zerberus.de and say so.
For further information regarding this service, please send mail
to remailer at bi-node.zerberus.de with subject 'remailer-help'.

@_date: 1996-01-20 12:19:16
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Enquirer 
"Encyphering minds want to know."
Lotus Development, a division of IBM, today announced a new, "international"
version of its popular "Lotus Notes" program.  The new program features,
in addition to the standard 40 bit RC4 encoding allowed in exportable
software by the ITAR, the use of the proven Unix (tm) encryption program,
ROT 13.  "Now our international customers can use the same, tamper-proof
encryption standards that our domestic customers already enjoy," stated
an IBM spokesperson, who was reportedly whisked to the Mayo Clinic for
nose reduction surgery.  In related news, the International Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals announced that the new Lotus Notes
International does allow the snakes to move more easily and freely, and
that it virtually eliminates that irritating squeaking sound when they
shed their skins.
In related medical news, proctologists at the Bethesda Naval Clinic reported
that, despite 12 hour emergency surgery, Louis Freeh's head remains firmly
stuck.  The Center for Disease Control in Altanta has also reported that
Mr. Freeh's condition is evidently highly contagious, as he has reportedly
infected noted cryptographic researcher Dorothy Denning during a late night
strategy session in Washington.  CDC spokespersons also recommended that
people avoid personal contact with David Sternlight for at least the next
48 hours.
The FBI today announced the arrest of Timothy May on child pornography charges after an unnamed 13 year old FBI informant downloaded a .GIF of
Mr. May naked in a hot tub at a recent 'cypherpunks' Christmas party.  Mr.
May, who is already under investigation by the SEC in the Netscape stock
manipulation scandal, has referred all questions to his attorney.  The FBI's
attention was apparently drawn to the case when the 13 year old informant
in question was heard to exclaim, "What's this naked hippie doing in my
Penthouse downloads?"
Matt Blaze today announced a new Random Number Generator based on President
Clinton's Bosnia policy speeches of the last year.  Mr. Blaze stated that
each of the President's speeches was yielding at least 1024 bits of pure
entropy, and that when added to the 512 bits of entropy found in each of
Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich's policy papers on the Internet, should
be enough to encypher an average household's grocery shopping over the
Internet for at least a month.
In related RNG news, University of California at Berkeley officials today
confirmed that the campus's new symbol, the glow-in-the-dark Campanile, was
actually the result of graduate student Ian Goldberg's attemps to hook the
Lawrence Laboratory Bevatron up to his Unix workstation to use as a Random
Number Generator.
Noted anti-conspiracy lecturer Perry Metzger was hired today by Hillary
Clinton's defense team.  "He's done a great job on cypherpunks, let's see
what he can do with the U.S. Senate," one of her lawyers stated at today's
press conference.
Jeff Weinstein of Netscape Communications today announced the long awaited
128 bit RC4 encryption Netscape Navigator for the Linux operating system.
The new kit, consisting of a standard 2.05b binary, a disassembler, and
a copy of "The C Programming Language" by Kernighan and Ritchie, should be
available later this week.  "This new kit should enable the average Linux
user to enjoy the same level of Internet security that our Windoze users
have, without violation of the International Trafficking in Armaments
Regulations," stated Mr. Weinstein, "and will be made available to anyone
free of charge who appears at our Mountain View offices with a U.S. pass-
port, a birth certificate, a valid driver's license, two credit cards,
and his or her Social Security Number tattooed on their upper left forearm."
Alex de Joode announced that the kit had been available for the past week
on ftp.hacktic.nl as /pub/linux/crypto/up.your.netscape.
Lucky Green, spokesperson for the Mark Twain Bank, today announced the
first truly anonymous 10 cents off coupon for the Internet.
Attila was detained for 72 hours at the Swiss border while customs officials determined that an egg salad sandwich found in his luggage was
indeed made of chicken eggs and was not harboring any biological weapons
or contagious neurotoxins.
Reliable sources reported today that the NSA has purchased a
        absolutely no intention of engaging in domestic surveillance
or censorship."

@_date: 1996-01-26 17:56:34
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Enquirer 
(The new issue wasn't supposed to come out for a month or so, but you guys
are throwing us WAY too much ammo.)
                   "Encyphering minds want to know."
Perry Metzger today resigned from Hillary Clinton's defense team.  Spokes-
persons for Ms. Clinton refused to comment, but Mr. Metzger's offices did
release a statement saying that Mr. Metzger's skills were in the area of
debunking conspiracy theorists, and that he had little or no experience
in the field of actual conspiracies. Compuserve today restored access priviledges to Dr. Leslie Franklin after
receiving written confirmation from two medical doctors that Dr. Franklin
is indeed a man.  Compuserve, forced to cancel the subscriptions of almost
one million female members after complaints from the Saudi Arabian government
about unchaperoned conversations between men and women, has stated that in
the future, all potential subscribers must supply a semen sample with their
subscription request, and that test tubes and .GIFs of Cindy Crawford in
skimpy lingerie will be included with a number of major mainstream computer
publications in order to facilitate the new requirements.  C2.org immediately offered one month's free access to anyone whose application included a PAP smear.
The NSA, the CIA, the FBI, and a coalition of 437 other U.S. government
agencies today announced that they were dropping their support of the
policy of Government Access to (encryption) Keys, commonly known as GAK,
in favor of a new policy of Government Access to Everything, or GAE.  The
new policy, using technology first pioneered by the Prodigy Network and
later refined by Microsoft and its Registration Wizard(tm), would require
that all new computers include a special government mandated GAE chip which
would allow the government to download the entire contents of the computer's
hard drive whenever the computer was connected to the Internet or other on-
line service.  In related news, the Clinton administration, in an unusual
display of solidarity with Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole, has announced
that a new version of GAK will immediately be presented to the Senate, this
time requiring government escrow of all house and automobile keys, and the
Dow Chemical Company has received a multi-million dollar contract to develop
a new fabric for America's curtains and draperies that would become
transparent in the presence of a court order.
The Cypherpunk Academy of Codes and Cyphers today announced a new nomination
for the Perry Award, given to the cypherpunk who has done the most to
improve the S/N ratio of the list.  Today's nominee is Dr. Fred Cohen, for
not posting anything for the past month.  Dr. Cohen joins Alice de 'nominous
in contention for the prestigious award, first won by Dr. Jonathon Pierce,
personal psychopharmacologist to Larry Detweiler.
Consumer's Union reported today that an extensive series of tests, performed
over a 3 month period, has determined that owners of high-performance snakes,
such as blue racers and black mambas, should use Windows NT encryption and
security for lubrication purposes, but that owners of more standard models,
such as vipers and constrictors, would see little or no benefit from the use
of the more expensive NT product, and would be better served by the use of
the less expensive Windows 95.
"The truth IS out there - we make sure it STAYS out there."
Eric Blossom today announced a new filtered version of cypherpunks, "Cpunks Ultra-lite", that will be limited to messages about cryptography
and C and C++ programming, and that will probably average about two
messages a month.
Due to sagging sales for the second edition of "Applied Cryptography",
John Wiley and Sons today announced the publication of an abridged version,
"Cryptography for Dummies - The Swimsuit Edition", featuring a centerfold
of Elle McPherson in an "RC4 in 3 Lines of Perl" thong bikini.  Ms.
McPherson was reportedly detained at La Guardia airport while NSA officials
searched the ITAR for an excuse to confiscate the garment.
Governor Pete Wilson of California today ordered the removal of all
computers from public school grades K-12, since it was discovered that
79% of them had been "hacked" to receive Spice and the Playboy channel.
Rich Graves was forced to change his signature file today when it was
discovered that, due to a rider in the present telecommunications bill
passed by the Senate, statists are now required to "set a good example" for
America's youth, and are no longer allowed to fuck.
Frank Semalo today announced he was suing Compuserve for $99.95 plus tax.
Mr. Samalo's complaint stated that, due to the small size of the test tubes
provided by the defendants and his inability to print out .GIF files in
color, the Compuserve registration process resulted in a ruined keyboard.
Anonymous User's claim that the NSA has broken PGP was withdrawn today,
when it was discovered that the "break" occurred at a recent Washington,
D.C. GAE conference, where a NSA spokesman transferred the popular program
to CDROM and attacked it with a sledge hammer.
The FBI today released accused serial killer Timothy May from custody and
issued an apology to the retired Intel engineer, stating that he was no
longer a suspect.  The agency also issued retraction letters to over one
thousand Internet users who had been warned that they might be potential
targets.  "What else were we supposed to do," asked one unidentified FBI
agent, "when we found all of those names in something called a killfile?"
Louis Freeh's head is still stuck.
The Hoover Corporation today announced a new government contract for the
development of a 17 story tall, one billion terrabyte capacity canister
style vacuum cleaner with T3 and fiber-optic connection ability.  The new
machine, to be delivered to an unnamed government agency,  would be used,
according to a Hoover spokesperson, for "unspecified janitorial work on
the Internet."
CTHULHU for President - Why vote for the LESSER of two evils?

@_date: 1996-01-27 10:01:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
I'm not *sure* that your Assassination Politics trip is the worst piece of tripe I've ever seen on the list, but if it's not, it's right up there.
Those of us who are anarchists are often that way because we think the *means* the State uses are evil, not to be excused by any amount of mumbo-jumbo.  And you gleefully propose to let us *all* in on the immoral game of murdering those who annoy us sufficiently.
I'll pass.
You know, if I were constructing an agent provacateur, I'd want a persona who's willing to be loudly clueless with ideas that show minimal or non-existent awareness of basic human hopes and fears, like security from random hit-squads.  I'd have him go on and on with his ideas, until eventually they can splashed all over headlines and used to discredit the whole realm of privacy protection.
But no, I don't think you're an agent.  More fool you, you're willing to do the government's disinformation work for it without even thirty pieces of silver or a 401K.
At this point I recommend to you the 12-step program I explained to Vladimir.
A Friend

@_date: 1996-01-27 16:42:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
No it isn't.  You run around talking about killing people anonymously, but have trouble with anonymous harsh words?  Color me unimpressed.
I might be someone you know.  I might be a plant.  I might be something else.  Doesn't matter.  The words are the words and stand on their own.
I have no argument here.  But good ends do not execuse bad means.  And killing people who are not an immediate threat to you (or someone in your immediate vicinity) is a bad idea.  Play the game of the State and become just like it.
You also didn't mention the problem of fraud.  I set up A. Nony Mouse's Hired Guns Service.  You pay me a lot of money to go off someone.  I come back and say "Sorry, couldn't do it.  Bad traffic."  Then I wander off with the money.  Who are you going to complain to?  I have this sneaky feeling that damn few courts, Statist or otherwise, are going to get worked up over your loss.  And since the whole thing's done anonymously, you are left without a leg to stand on.  Assassination Politics -> Scam-O-Rama.
I agree.  But then I'm not a total pacifist.  Self-defense is an inherent right.  Llap-gauche is not.
Nope.  Just pointing out that you are doing the job of an agent provacateur very well.  But your reply goes a long way toward moving you out of that category and into the category of KoTM fodder.
A Friend
PS.  This whole thing really is off-topic.  I'm letting it drop now.  Bluster to your heart's content.

@_date: 1996-03-02 09:16:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Seeking Position 
Long time cypherpunk reader seeks position.
Class of 1996/J.D.: Top 10 U.S. Law School.
B.A. International Affairs: Top 25 U.S. University.
Highly proficent in modern fieldcraft, intelligence operations and communications security.
Will sit for bar exam of employer's choice.
Expert pistol, advanced tactical carbine, master level tactical driving abilities.  Significant previous international clandestine fieldwork experience in developing and Eastern European countries pursuant to political risk analysis projects.
Extensive legal expertise in white collar criminal investigation, national security law, bankrupcy, U.S. taxation of international and expatriot income, corporate governence, antitrust, 10(b), 10b-5 and misappropriation insider trading issues.
Ideal canidate for high level position in emerging or existing security/economic/political risk analysis department of international firm, field agent for political risk consultant or to address the discrete needs of private client.
Most rigorous international travel regime welcome.
Serious inquiries only.
TLA's need not apply.
No wet work.
Illegal proposals will be ignored.
Borderline proposals considered with interest.
Submit position description along with firm/client CV to:
an436533 at anon.penet.fi
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-03-08 01:53:23
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
(Lots of stuff deleted)
(more stuff deleted)
     I don't know about everyone else, but I consider this, if true, to be a MAJOR worry.  It never ceases to amaze me how lightly the government takes lying to the people.  Unfortunately I don't have the contacts or resources to do any further investigation, I hope this thread is resolved one way or another soon.
nobody at unimportant

@_date: 1996-03-09 04:29:27
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Steganography idea: CU-SeeMe 
[Re: data steams to put steno in]
That's an excellent idea.
The only problem with using CU-SeeMe is that, due to the nature of the data being transferred, it is more important to keep up to date than to not lose data.  I believe it uses UDP to do this.  There would have to be some protection mechanism in the stego patches to tolerate high amounts of data loss - the obvious solution would be to loop the data, but that is easily detectable, and is not a guarantee that the data arrived safely.  Setting up a connection outside of Cu-SeeMe attracts attention, especially if there was a correlation between what occurred on that connection and what occurred in the LOBs of the Cu-SeeMe connection.

@_date: 1996-03-09 15:53:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Switchboard>      Email: cypherpunks at toad.com Password: JimArts
I changed the password to cypherpunks. That's easier to remember.

@_date: 1996-03-14 17:11:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: To IEEE: Don't Support Leahy Crypto Bill 
(To: medialink-list at WELL.com, cypherpunks at toad.com, action at eff.org,
     hal at hal.hpl.hp.com, farber at central.cis.upenn.edu,
     junger at pdj2-ra.F-REMOTE.cwru.edu)
12 March 1996
Before IEEE decides to "applaud" Leahy's bill publicly, I hope that
the organization carefully considers the bill's shortcomings. In
particular it might want to consider the critique written by Peter
Junger  of Case Western University
Law School. Junger writes that with Leahy's legislation:
   "The major threat is that, for the first time, there would be at
   least colorable Congressional authority for the requirement that
   one obtain a license before publishing or otherwise disclosing
   information. And software is, after all, nothing but information."
I urge the IEEE to rethink its position. At the very least, please
consider supporting Rep. Goodlatte's bill which includes a more
explicit prohibition on the executive branch mandating key escrow. It
is important that we back that bill before it goes to conference,
since we can have little impact on it thereafter.
Please redistribute this letter as appropriate.
             DRAFT -- Do NOT Redistribute!
         IEEE Applauds Leahy Encryption Bill
DRAFT March 12, 1996
The Committee on Communications and Information Policy of the
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, United States
Activities applauds the proposed Encrypted Communications Privacy Act.
This legislation, introduced by Senators Pat Leahy (D-VT), Patricia
Murray (D-WA) and Conrad Burns (R-MT), will remove unnecessarily
restrictive controls on the export of encryption technology.
Current restrictions on the export of encryption technology harm the
interests of the United States in three ways: they handicap American
producers of software and hardware, prevent the development of a
secure information infrastructure, and limit the ability of
electronically active Americans to maintain their privacy. The
proposed legislation addresses all of these issues, while maintaining
prohibition on the use of cryptography to hide criminal activities.
Technological progress has moved encryption from the realm of national
security into private sphere. Current policies, as well as the
policy-making processes, should reflect this new reality. We applaud
recent changes in information policy which mitigate the severity of
controls on encryption technologies. With the additional changes
sought by Senators Leahy, Murray and Burns, the United States can
maintain its historical leadership in cryptography. Without the
handicap of limitations on their ability to export secure systems,
American software and hardware producers have the potential to excel
in the global market for secure products.
The removal of unnecessary restrictions on exports will also enable
the creation of a Global Information Infrastructure sufficiently
secure to provide seamless connectivity to customers previously
unreachable by American companies. The United States is a leader in
Internet commerce. However, Internet commerce requires cryptography.
Thus American systems have been hindered by cold-war restraints on the
necessary cryptography as these systems have moved from the laboratory
to the marketplace.
This legislation would open the market to secure, private, ubiquitous
electronic commerce. The cost of not opening the market to secure
American Internet products may include the loss of decades of
leadership in Internet technologies, just as the Internet is entering
its most profitable period.
Finally, Sen. Leahy, Murray and Burns would be serving all users of
electronic information systems in creating a truly global market for
secure desktop environments. Having secure and private electronic
spaces is of particular interest to the Institute of Electrical and
Electronics Engineers, United States Activities and its members.
The Committee on Communications and Information Policy of the
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, United States
Activities applauds Senators Pat Leahy (D-VT), Patricia Murray (D-WA)
and Conrad Burns (R-MT) for their foresight and supports the proposed
legislation to liberalize controls on cryptography.
Visit  for more information.

@_date: 1996-03-18 18:47:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Backup of Encrypted Partition 
: } Subject: Backup of Encrypted Partition
: } Hi
: } : } Apologies if this is too much of a beginner's Q.
: } : } Does anyone know how to backup a "SecureDrive" partition onto tape : } quickly and easily.
: } : } HPACK is really slow.
: } : } PKZIP and then PGP is slow.
: } : } RAWDISK, seems to be quite complex (perhaps I am just stupid!), and I : } am terrified of making some sort of terrible mistake.
: } : } I have about 100MB in the partition.  I have a pretty out of date : } computer which is a 386 33MHz running Windows.
: : : Ease of backup is one of the strengths of CFS which is a cryptographic
: filesystem for various flavours of UNIX and Linux.
If you have Linux installed, you can backup your dos securedrive partition
by doing
cat /dev/hda2 >/dev/ftape
         ^^^^
         (or whatever your securedrive partition is)
No decrypting necessary.  If the partition is only 100MB then it ought to fit on a standard qic-80 tape.

@_date: 1996-03-23 16:47:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: IPG - newest release of the ABC Encryption Algorithms (fwd) 
: >One tangerine-flavord Starburst to the first cypherpunk who can give
: >a rough estimate for the results of the sub-expression:
: >	(random() & 0xff) & 0x3500
: : Well, actually, it depends on whether the bytes are treated as signed or
: unsigned, and we don't know for sure that IPG wanted them treated as
: unsigned. This means IPG either:
: : a) can't write portable code, or
: b) really are as stupid as we are giving them credit for.
a) is obvious, since they explicitly say that they coded it in 80x86 assembler, but I wouldn't discount the possibility of b) being true also.

@_date: 1996-03-27 17:16:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
As I sit, somewhere not in North America, I can see a CD-Rom from
Hewlett-Packard, which I've had since last year. Recently I received the
following letter. I've attempted to retype its contents accurately.
Hewlett-Packard Company
Software and Information Delivery Operation, SST
690 East Middlefield Road
Mountain View, California 94043
Dear HP-UX Support Customer,
Hewlett-Packard has uncovered a bundling problem in the DCE-Core fileset
that is on the October HP-UX Application Release 10.0 s700/800
Application CDs. These products were bundled such that they are not
compliant with U.S. Government export regulations. The part numbers for
the affected CDs and products are listed below.
If you have updated your systems using these CDs or for the products
listed on the October HP-UX Application Release Media, please update
your system with the enclosed January HP-UX Application Release 10.0
s700/800 Application media, and destroy the October media.
If you have not updated your systems with this media, please just
destroy the October Application Release media and use the new enclosed
Application media.
If you require a replacement for the October HP-UX 10.0 s700/800
Application CD that has this bundling problem corrected, please contact
your local support office to request shipment of the new CD.
Hewlett-Packard apologises for any inconvenience you may experience due
to this bundling issue.
Charles Henderson
Software Information and Delivery Operations
CD PART NUMBERS
10.01 800  B3191A	DCE CORE SRV MEDIA/DOCU INTL
10.01 800  B5162AA	DCE 9000 Executive Client
10.01 800  B3519AA	DCE QUICK START KIT INTL S800
10.01 800  B3923AA	CICS/9000 Bundle Media & Manuals, Int'l
10.01 700  B2921A	DCE Core Services International
10.01 700  B5162AA	DCE 9000 Executive Client S700
10.01 700  B3519AA	DCE Quickstart 700 Bndl Int'l
Excuse me, I just have to go and destroy that CD :-)

@_date: 1996-03-27 21:35:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Black Unicorn attempts computer break in 
Reply-To: Linux Servers mailing list Sender: Linux Servers mailing list I just found these while going through my messages file... do I
have any need to be concerned???
(unicorn.it.wsu.edu is now in my /etc/hosts.deny...)
Mar 23 20:39:25 aries sendmail[7469]: setsender: "|/bin/mail
rblack at unicorn.it.wsu.edu < /etc/passwd": invalid or unparseable,
received from unicorn.it.wsu.edu [1
Mar 23 20:39:25 aries sendmail[7469]: UAA07469: from="|/bin/mail
rblack at unicorn.it.wsu.edu < /etc/passwd", size=0, class=0, pri=0,
nrcpts=0, proto=SMTP, relay=uni
There were also attempts at connecting to my tftp port, although
at the time, in.tftpd wasn't on the system (it is now, and is also
in my hosts.deny to all except for local)
                      Interspace Australia Pty Ltd
                   Steve Gibson - System Administrator

@_date: 1996-03-28 09:37:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: vogon punk haiku 
looking down his nose,
Senator Exon banned it
  Haiku's not a crime
  Rights groups lobbying
politicians waffl"ing
  Cypherpunks write code
  At First Virtual
tense hot alien in barn
  encrypts no message
  Later releases
in some communications
  there are signatures
  digicash tokens
no one knows what you're buying
  follow the money
  Senator Exon!
Imminent Death of the Net!
  GIFs at eleven!
  what they cannot read
they don't want to let you say
  you must encrypt it
  Crypto power tools
cannot be exported yet?
  how can they stop them?
  Freeh is watching you
Big Brother is watching you
  NSA listens
   crypto
you cannot export this code
   crypto
  if code is outlawed
bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl
  talking to their friends
  Beating a dead horse
idle thoughts typed on a train
  need more ideas
Senator Exon
And the horse he rode in on
******* indecent
#			Thanks;  Bill
# Bill Stewart, stewarts at ix.netcom.com, +1-415-442-2215 pager 408-787-1281
# "At year's end, however, new government limits on Internet access threatened
# to halt the growth of Internet use.  [...] Government control of news media # generally continues to depend on self-censorship to regulate political and
# social content, but the authorities also consistently penalize those who
# exceed the permissible."  - US government statement on China...
"SigFiles of Unusual Size?  I don't believe they exist!"

@_date: 1996-03-28 14:22:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
As I sit, somewhere not in North America, I can see a CD-Rom from
Hewlett-Packard, which I've had since last year. Recently I received the
following letter. I've attempted to retype its contents accurately.
Hewlett-Packard Company
Software and Information Delivery Operation, SST
690 East Middlefield Road
Mountain View, California 94043
Dear HP-UX Support Customer,
Hewlett-Packard has uncovered a bundling problem in the DCE-Core fileset
that is on the October HP-UX Application Release 10.0 s700/800
Application CDs. These products were bundled such that they are not
compliant with U.S. Government export regulations. The part numbers for
the affected CDs and products are listed below.
If you have updated your systems using these CDs or for the products
listed on the October HP-UX Application Release Media, please update
your system with the enclosed January HP-UX Application Release 10.0
s700/800 Application media, and destroy the October media.
If you have not updated your systems with this media, please just
destroy the October Application Release media and use the new enclosed
Application media.
If you require a replacement for the October HP-UX 10.0 s700/800
Application CD that has this bundling problem corrected, please contact
your local support office to request shipment of the new CD.
Hewlett-Packard apologises for any inconvenience you may experience due
to this bundling issue.
Charles Henderson
Software Information and Delivery Operations
CD PART NUMBERS
10.01 800  B3191A	DCE CORE SRV MEDIA/DOCU INTL
10.01 800  B5162AA	DCE 9000 Executive Client
10.01 800  B3519AA	DCE QUICK START KIT INTL S800
10.01 800  B3923AA	CICS/9000 Bundle Media & Manuals, Int'l
10.01 700  B2921A	DCE Core Services International
10.01 700  B5162AA	DCE 9000 Executive Client S700
10.01 700  B3519AA	DCE Quickstart 700 Bndl Int'l
Excuse me, I just have to go and destroy that CD :-)

@_date: 1996-05-04 15:30:01
@_author: Name Withheld by Request 
@_subject: What are the Feds looking at now :) 
This message was observed to flow to firewalls mailing today...
could this mean mean something is going on??
  >Return-Path: firewalls-owner at GreatCircle.COM
  >Received: from miles.greatcircle.com by relay2.UU.NET with ESMTP   >	(peer crosschecked as: miles.greatcircle.com [198.102.244.34])
  >	id QQaodh13554; Fri, 3 May 1996 15:23:00 -0400 (EDT)
  >Received: (majordom at localhost) by miles.greatcircle.com (8.7.1-lists/Lists-960417-1) id LAA12439 for firewalls-outgoing; Fri, 3 May 1996 11:25:42 -0700 (PDT)
  >Received: from justice.usdoj.gov (justice.usdoj.gov [149.101.1.1]) by miles.greatcircle.com (8.7.4/Miles-951221-1) with SMTP id LAA12425 for ; Fri, 3 May 1996 11:25:37 -0700 (PDT)
  >Received: by justice.usdoj.gov id aa17656; 3 May 96 14:07 EDT
  >From:   >To: Firewalls at GreatCircle.COM
  >Subject: Firewalls-Digest V5   >X-Mailer: SCO Portfolio 2.0
  >Date: Fri, 3 May 1996 14:03:09 -0400 (EDT)
  >Message-ID:  <9605031403.aa16958 at justice.usdoj.gov>
  >Sender: firewalls-owner at GreatCircle.COM
  >Precedence: bulk
  >
  >I am looking for a list of all the Internet   >Service Providers world-wide.  Can anyone point me   >in the right direction?
  >
  >Thanks in advance,
  >
  >Mary L. Casey, Program Analyst
  >Information Management &
  >  Security Staff
  >Information Resources Management
  >Justice Management Division
  >U.S. Dept of Justice

@_date: 1996-05-04 17:32:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
what is currently the best remailer-in-a-box out there?

@_date: 1996-05-06 11:03:58
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Any idea on best remailer?
alpha.c2.org is a roller coaster.
