
@_date: 2012-07-01 18:39:33
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anonymous Publishing Is Dead. 
Hmm... I already do something like that. And I tell you that most free
providers are a pain to work with. And that includes all the major
players. They are all going to punish you with a long annoying
reidentification which will prove zero security just because you change
location. And they do have the time and computing power just to try to
locate you any other possible way as their business model is tightly
integrated with tracking and selling private data.
Disposable email is good for accessing some resource once. Otherwise is
a pain in the rear.
I spent some time reading about bitcoin. It's a miracle discovery. It's
a proof about non conventional methods being able to compete with the
conventional financial transaction type. But I fail to see the anonimity
side of things. It's so nice. It's sooo geeky. It employs silly terms to
scare the layman like mining. Or worse, it has terms with a clear
equivalent in conventional finance like wallet. My grandma knows she can
watch over her wallet and things would be all right. And if someone
forces her she can go to the police station and declare the theft. Till
version 0.6 there was no protection from theft with BC. Crap concept
with junk application from the point of view of annonimity. Each time
some conspiracy theorist starts making sense I remind myself that people
(programmers are people, aren't they?) are above all stupid followed
closely by lazy. Just take a look at the way FF is developed: in the era
of Facebook developers are doing their best to shed MORE data instead of
patching up the holes. By holes I don't mean Secunia security holes, but
privacy holes.
Actually any service should be checked for its origin or place of doing
business. Always remember the case of Hide My Ass which proved to be
full of Holes if you allow such a gross joke. They weren't keeping logs
till pressured. Than they said everybody is obliged under law to keep
logs. And to prove the indolence of their users: they are still in
business, trapping flies for the government. On the other hand, servers
hosted outside the reach of certain totalitarian governments are blocked
on the crime of spam or copyright infringement. If these were anything
but hassle (see the problems with the free webmail above) yahoo and
google would have offered email only between their users.
Usually this kind of trafic is tolerated because they want to catch a
bigger fish. Sometimes services like that are set up by the
investigating authorities. And some other times they set it up
independently just for the sake of compensating the budget restrictions
(those drones are mighty expensive, mind you).
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-07-01 23:35:35
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] Anonymous Publishing Is Dead. 
Bravo! I would have done it anonymously anyway.
That is a MAJOR issue with anonymity. But you are mistaken: not only
text, but HTML / XML can be clean with a careful, but fast examination.
Also the derivates like EPUB. Otherwise, hairy and badly written
standards always will have places to watermark. Imagination is the
limit. That goes for PDF for example. Most of the watermarks could fall
with a succession of conversions which will degrade the quality of the
document, but will erase the less imaginative watermarks (say PDF ->
DJVU -> PDF). To downright criminal formats like .DOC which are ready to
store information about your configuration and private document path.
You could, for example, process PDFs or scans through Abbyy Finereader
which is quite fast and reliable. The OCR results will discard part of
the image fingerprinting if not all and also the metadata.
That's because the major players of the Internet are LIVING out of
selling data to third parties. An anonymous individual is not a
liability as they declare, but a loss of revenue. Still, at the time,
they can't really verify everybody so a lot of people just slip in. But
Google and Facebook are pretty decided to close this gap ASAP. And the
less than very big players still can get a nice income out of selling
data, or are plain careless. Myself I'm amazed of how many sites are
ready to share their data with Facebook or Google for free.
That is very hard to achieve. Once things become a few clicks away
carelessness shows its head. And people are already so very used to give
their private data expecting someone else to take care and hide it. And
it takes a few more steps in terms of thinking than the regular ways.
Because it's not enough to buy a new GSM prepaid card in order to
receive calls from a third party. Because the phone in which you use the
card has a serial number that is already associated with an identity.
Because nobody from the botherb life can use that number for a chat.
Because you can't spend those extra credits just about to expire by
midnight talking with your dear mother. Because mobile phones reveal
Wikileaks had the advantage of filtering data and protecting the source.
But they could not protect Bradley from talking too much with a
mercenary. People publishing themselves is a huge risk. And that without
couting people trained to find out stuff. It can be as easy as a couple
of exchanged comments.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2012-07-02 00:09:56
@_author: antispam06@sent.at 
@_subject: [tor-talk] blocked exit node IP because of spam 
I feel there is a need to dispell some wonderful magic of the modern
society: the World has always been large. Even if it takes a lot less to
cover large distances, the World is still large. And that might mean,
among others, diverse too.
A second spell of the modern society is safety. The World has always
been both comfortable and unsafe in various proportions. There are cries
about protecting someone or something. But that was never ever in
history a given. Oh, food should be free of additives like in the good
old days. Actually in the good old days it was a lor more probable to
eat rotten meat and not have the faintest idea that going vegan was an
option. Sure, for the demigods breed in the last decades the spectre of
cancer might mean dying of fear, but less than a century ago rotten food
would mean potential death tomorrow as an alternative to starvation
Phobos had a wonderful article about this recently on the Tor blog
[ but
people still expect that terrorism should come from a virtual entity far
far away and not from the local corrupt cop
Myself I'm not shure all spammers turn a profit, but they all are ready
to employ every mean available to push their merchandise. This doesn't
mean checking the identity would do any good as they can impersonate
anybody if willing. But that goes to the third issue of the modern society: mistaken an
identity with a number. That would pretty much go with Michel Foucault
and his prison society, because most people see themselves as obedient
inmates. They are the national ID number or the SSN. And not much more.
That's why there was so much fuss about the birth certificate of a
presidential candidate and less about what the man was about to do. Back
in the days when there was no registration people would build up some
fame and invoke some ancestry. Or they were practically nobody. Up to a
certain point in history everybody was an anonym and only few could
break through to become somebody. Superficially things seem to have
reversed, but it's a fake assumption. I still can't differentiate most
of the people I pass each day. They are still nobodies. But they are
proud to show a number: proof of uniqueness.
Actually blocking Tor won't help. A few sane filtering measures do. Have
people create an account. Have someone take a look at that list from
time to time. Generated or random users usually can be flagged easily.
Ask people to do some customization to the account before posting.
Quarantine the first few messages or a certain amount of time. Have a
button or link called breportb and let the other users report messages.
Quarantine the account and ask for an explanation from the offender.
Blocking IPs makes sense only when you are Wikipedia and have a mission
to let the government agencies have their fair chance of tweaking the
facts. As I've never seen anything resembling closer the official
newspaper of Airstrip One than Wikipedia.
I don't feel Tor is designed to keep people anonymous. Tor is more of a
hack to give back some privacy. To bring things more in line with the
romantic image of the Internet. Because people want to see the Internet
as a nice place where people go to share ideas and not what it is: a
military project hack done by some unimaginative blokes who were happy
to have things working so they could go to video games arcade or just
sleep. Most of the protocols used to connect computers are horribly
designed by people who can barely understand the concept of consequence.
Probably it's not their fault as the educational system everywhere
splits the curricula into sciences and humanities. And all the
philosophy and ethics are given to the people with no tech background.
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org
