
@_date: 1998-11-02 10:32:23
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
Snipped down to DCF's response...
Since I live in Spain, I am privy to a side of the story that doesn't seem
to get much air outside of Spain. (At least not that I've seen) In Spain,
Spain is the protagonist in this issue--not the "Human Rights Community".
It may be that they accept any help they may get from these folks, but the
main push is from the families of Spanish citizens murdered by Pinochet. He
not only killed his "countrymen" but also foreign nationals. Spain will try
him for the murders of Spaniards NOT Argentineans, Brazilians, Americans,
or any other nationality. international community portrays it. I guess it's kind of like a certain
African nation wanting to try a certain western hemisphere president for
the deaths of some factory workers... Or perhaps in a small way a
refutation of the international norm that protects rulers from the
otherwise natural consequence of their actions.

@_date: 1998-09-23 10:00:10
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
Also most BIOS'es scan for the  key (or other combinations) in order
to jump to the BIOS config screens. From here you have two options: 1) add
a second possible jump directly to hidden configuration for the HD, or 2)
within the Bios configuration menu add a scanner for a key sequence to
enable the blacked out HD sectors.
I can't imagine that anyone that wasn't already sure that you were playing
tricks with the HD would be able to detect either of these on a normal
startup. Again I think the key is that it would vastly expensive and very
time consuming for customs services to make more than a cursory check. More
and more people are carrying notebooks with them on trips and just like
most bag searching has ended due to very fast, but not perfect, technology,
notebook scanning is limited by the very important public factor--the
people waiting in line behind you will tend to get very anxious. :)
If on the other hand you are a "real" suspect then you best bet is not to
carry a PC into these countries. These techniques (all of the ones
mentioned in this thread) may even have a decent life-span if the ones that
want to get you are locals (ie. street cops), but as has been pointed out
before they don't have to know what's on your HD to place you under
psychiatric evaluation, etc. I think perhaps a tougher question is, "Is there a way, without resorting
to bloodshed, to regain control of our private property and private lives?"
That's not a troll! I know that there are a lot people on this list with
their assault rifles at the ready, that are convinced that only armed
resistance will work. But. I think that's the "easy" way out. (How) can it
be done another way? Especially, given the fact that so much progress has
already been made by the very Anti-American US Government and others.
How do we get back our civil rights that have been so eroded over the past
40 years? Is it too late? Are people in general so comfortable that liberty
isn't important anymore? Why is it that almost every state has a system for introducing legislation
at the popular level (referendum) but we don't have that freedom at the fed
level.  I wonder what the feds would do if we the sheeple could put
propositions on the federal budget. Imagine...Prop PGP: no export control
on crypto or work performed by US citizens living abroad; Prop 666: strict
public oversight on CIA/NSA/FBI wiretapping and surveillance activities;
add your favorite proposition here...
Al Franco, II
I can't sign this with crypto because the bastards might use it to try to
"prove" that I have illegally exported software (that can be freely
obtained in places outside the US).

@_date: 1998-09-23 21:35:23
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: From Spyking: DNA Technology 
If human skin cells comprise the majority of household dust, and dust can
so easily move from place to place, then how will they defend against the
claim that the suspect passed near by (five blocks away) six months ago and
the dust must have slowly made it's way to the crime scene...
Don't answer...I know...truth is not the objective, rather conviction of
the target. Now they'll have the tools to do it. The same cop investigating
your car this month could inadvertently (or not) deposit a few traces of
your skin dust at the scene of a crime next month. They keep getting
scarier all the time!
Al Franco, II

@_date: 1998-09-23 21:53:49
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
I snipped the rest, but your point ignores that they still have to scan my
hard drive for what they are looking for. So TEMPEST on top of the other
measures just makes things slower. Also the vast variety of computers and
clock speeds on the market today would make a 30 byte (10-20 clock cycles
... )BIOS patch virtually undetectable. Again...UNLESS they want YOU in
particular. I would be more concerned about a Unix-like OS on their disk-following THEM
to bypass my BIOS to read the HD. Of course, perhaps another way around
this may be to carry a couple copies of an NDA and an Acceptance of
Liability for Damages Caused contract. Tell the stooge at the counter that
your machine contains highly valuable commercial information and that if
it's damaged in any way, shape or form he/she will be held personally
liable. Offer the two documents for his/her signature as you explain that
since the procedure they intend to use is so fool proof (the stooge is sure
to quote the party line...) this would only strengthen your case that
damage or discloser to/of contents must be a direct result of negligence or
criminal intent on the part of the stooge.
"If you can't dazzle 'em with brilliance, baffle 'em with bullshit." It
works for Clinton!
Al Franco, II

@_date: 1998-09-29 02:11:01
@_author: Albert P. Franco, II 
@_subject: New copyright law coming... 
More back room bullshit to screw with us:
This article talks about a new copyright law slithering through congress. They're back...
