
@_date: 2001-03-18 22:47:05
@_author: BAM ChildAdvocates 
@_subject: Information about Becoming A Member of Better A Millstone 
Dear "Joe Cypherpunk":
Thank you very much for your email and your kind words!
However, I have to stress to you that no member of Better A Millstone was responsible for taking down BoyChat, Girl Chat, and their domain, "ivan.net", and we have to be very careful that we are not connected with such illegal activity.
Now, whereas we are happy that BoyChat and Girl Chat are indeed down, as a legal organization that has a good relationship with law enforcement agencies around the world, we can not be associated with the illegal activities of hackers, no mater how worth of being shut down the specific web sites are.
All we a Better A Millstone do is provide information and intelligence about child sex predators, child pornographers, and their web sites by emails and on our web pages...and if someone happens to read this material and then get angry enough to take on of their web sites down, then we were simply the I hope that you understand!
Now, if you would like to join us in working legally to deal with the child sex predators and child pornographers and their web sites, please read this email and the application email that I will send to you separately.
Membership in Better A Millstone--BAM for short--is open to anyone age 18 and up who has basic Internet expertise and access and who does not have any felony or misdemeanor convictions involving children.
To familiarize yourself with BAM and what we do, please go to BAM's main web page at .  Then go to the menu of BAM's other web pages at the bottom of that page and click on them to visit them and learn as much as you can about Better A Millstone and the information that we have available on the Internet and what we do.
Please understand that as a member of BAM you will be helping to protect children by spending part of your life gathering intelligence and information about child sex predators and child pornographers who are engaged in ingratiating themselves to innocent and unwitting children for the purpose of sexually assaulting and photographing them by acting as "The Internet Eyes & Ears for Law Enforcement".
You will be expected to spend a minimum of three hours a week lurking on the Internet as a child advocate and to be proactive in going on the Internet and gathering intelligence and information about suspected child sex predators and child pornographers and providing same to the appropriate law enforcement agencies (i.e., the specific law enforcement agencies within whose jurisdictions the child sex predators and child pornographers are operating, such as U.S. Customs for virtually ALL Internet sex crimes involving children as well as state and local police departments where these perpetrators are operating).
And you will be expected to not only initiate contact with these law enforcement agencies but also to follow up with them to see that they do indeed take your information seriously and take action.  And if you are not satisfied that they are doing what you think they should do to protect children, you are asked to contact other members of BAM for assistance.
Further, please understand that everyone who applies to become a volunteer member of Better A Millstone must go to their local police or other law enforcement agency to have their identification verified and a criminal background check completed and submitted to Better A Millstone.  Now, if you still wish to apply to become a member of Better A Millstone, please fill out and return the online application which has been sent to you separately.
Once you have been accepted as a member of BAM, you will be given instructions and information via e-mail to help you learn what to do.
And you will be provided with e-mail addresses to contact seasoned members of BAM to help you learn how to do your work.
Once you feel confident about what you have been taught, you will be free to apply your interests and talents to help protect children on the Internet independent of someone telling you what you must or must not do.  But, for your own safety as well as to uphold the principles of BAM, you will be expected to abide by a few simple rules:
(1) Never, ever, download and save child pornography!
(2) Always write down and save the URL (i.e., Internet address) of web sites with such material!
(3) Never, ever, pose as an adult or teenager seeking sex with a child or child pornography!
(4) Always keep detailed records of anyone who asks this of you (i.e., their e-mail address, IRC number, ICQ number, etc.).
After filling out and returning the On-Line Application for Better A Millstone (which is being sent to you as a separate e-mail) and being accepted as a member of BAM, you will receive a detailed e-mail to help you learn the ropes so that you can be an effective Internet child advocate.
Looking forward to receiving your on-line application,
I remain,
Most sincerely yours,
Mike Echols, Founder & Executive Director, Better A Millstone, Inc.
484-B Washington Street,  Monterey, California 93940  U.S.A.
Toll Free Voice Mail in the U.S.:  1-800-971-7818
Voice Mail from Other Countries:  area code 831-887-3362
Better A Millstone's Main Web Page: Help Kids Protect Themselves: Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at
