
@_date: 1997-09-23 12:59:09
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: InfoWar 19 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet) 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 16636 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-09-25 02:03:59
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Movie Suitcases 
Anyone notice that there is a nuclear suitcase movie being released within a couple of weeks of the NSA shill Russian general's book
about the same?
So, does everybody now have it firm in their mind that this is a real
threat that we will need to take firm action on the minute that Freeh
& Company announce the nuclear suitcase crisis?
Mail the last of your civil and human rights to your Congressman today.
Tell him or her to forward them to President Freeh before leaving for
the internment camps.
A Player To Be Named Later

@_date: 1997-09-25 05:53:27
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Kill a Cop--Save a Child / Re: Update from the House Commerce Committee hearing room 
The problem seems to be that LEA's are full to the brim with incompetent officers who are incapable of enforcing the laws of
the land without violating the citizen's Constitutional rights.
  The solution? Make room in the LEA's for people who *are* capable of doing so.
  The US has more of their citizen-units in prison than most of the
'bad' countries that they claim to be protecting us from, yet they
turn around and tell us that, despite the mountains of our cash they
are demanding to keep their protection racket going, that they cannot
protect our children from the great hordes of child molesters and
drug czars who are running free while they spend their time arresting
grandmothers who are putting money in parking meters and confiscating
the vehicles of other grandmothers who have a joint in their car.
  Let me get this straight...
  These dweebs are capable of finding a single joint in a vehicle
travelling amoung thousands of others on the freeway, but they are
incapable of finding a ton of cocaine in an airport with less than
a hundred planes in it?
  These idiots need to be able to invade *everyone's* privacy in
order to catch the millions of pedophiles lurking on the InterNet,
but they can't catch them *now* when it is likely that hardly
any of them know squat about strong encryption?
  Why are the LEA's salaries not tied directly to the price of drugs
on the street? Because, with the price of heroin at a record low for
the decade, then these thieving fucks would be making less than the
minimum wage!
  How about a new system of LEA payments, etc., that is based on
  Low drug prices, low LEA salaries. If you are victimized by a
criminal, you get to kill 1 cop. If you are victimized by a cop,
you get to kill 1 politician. If you are victimized by a politician,
you get to Nuke DC!
  "Do you feel lucky, Mr. President? Well...do you?"
  Uuhhh...are these the guys who can't understand what the crack dealers
are saying?
  Is there a "use of Ebonics in the commission of a crime" provision in
the Oxhead amendment?
  I'm willing to compromise. We hand over our secret keys on the condition that if a single key, anywhere in the world, is compromised
by their system, we get to kill every legislator who voted for GAK.
  This, in itself, is likely to result in the elimination, in one single year, of more drug dealers and pedophiles than would result
from a hundred years of GAK.
  On the other hand, I am willing to admit that GAK might prove useful
for saving lives in other countries that need to track the activities
of US Foreign-Law Breaking Agencies who are murdering their citizens
by slipping bad components into their imported parts and supplies.
  These fuckers are all crazy...
A Player To Be Named Later

@_date: 1997-09-25 15:17:11
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: InfoWar 20 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 8333 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 1997-09-25 17:54:23
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Pissing on the Parade / Re: Oxley Amendment 
Lucky Green, travelling faster than the speed of light and sending
his post the the cypherpunks list hours *after* my reply to it,
  "Can you say Plan B, Plan CC and Plan DC? Sure you can..."
  Plan B  - Bomb
  Plan CC - Beyond the Return to the Valley of the Planet of ClipperChip
            "Coming soon to a computer chip manufacturer near you!"
                    (Can you say Intel? Sure you can...)
  Plan DC - Nuke DC [<--  Cult of OnePunk counter-plan]
  "Do you feel punk, Lucky? Well...do you?"
      Clit Westwood, in 'Megaton Force'
I presume that those toasting the 'great victory' are doing so with leftover champagne that went stale when they didn't have time to
drink the whole bottle before the stay of the Bernstein ruling cut
short *that* grand little celebration.
I hate to 'poop the party' boys and girls, but the Big Boys are playing
for *all* the marbles, in case no one has noticed.
Anyone who is still under the impression that the self-proclaimed 'good
guys' are going to be 'fighting fair' had better quit sucking on their
thumb and stick it up their ass, where it might provide a bit more
protection during future events.
  "You don't have to be a cypherpunk to know which way Gilmore is
       Dr. Dimitri Dylan, KOTM
"I'll trade you 5,000,000 DC residents, for one Tim C. May."

@_date: 1997-09-25 18:17:05
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Good News / Bad News 
Bill Gore, FBI - "The good news is that we have apprehended Ramon Eduardo Arellano-Felix
 in return for paying out the two million dollar reward for his sorry,
 drug-dealing, scum-sucking ass."
Louis Freeh, Lying Nazi Fuck - "What's the bad news?
Bill Gore, FBI - "We payed the two million to Jim Bell, and he used it to place a bet..."

@_date: 1997-09-27 07:25:26
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200.00 / Re: In response to Declan's questions about crypto.com 
Bad news, gang! I've re-upped my liquor supply and I am therefore not
prone to suffer fools gladly, for the moment.
 Please answer the following question for me:
"When was the last time you 'compromised' in a game of Monopoly?"
  "Golly, gee. If you can't afford to pay the rent for landing on Park
Place, with my four hotels in place, why don't I cut you a little slack
so that you can make a comeback and rip my throat out later in the
  Monopoly has rules. Cribbage has rules. You never hear anyone saying,
"Fourteen? Close enough! Count it as fourteen-two."
  Why is it that people who would castigate, slander and lynch a person
who cheats at golf, are so eager to preach 'compromise' with those who
want to cheat at 'the Constitution'?
  "The rules say, 'not closer to the hole' you dipshit! You can't throw
the ball 50 feet toward the green!"
  "Sure it *says* "the right to bear arms," but it doesn't really *mean*
that. It really means "the right to bear arms, unless Congress says that
your rifle is a 'gimme'."
  "Yeah, Tiger, just 'kick' that ball in the hole, and we'll give you the trophy."
  "We'll just round 'pi' off to 3.0 and...Hey! Where did my circle go?
It's those fucking drug dealing, terrorist pedophiles that took my circle, isn't it? We'll declare a 'War on Pi' and Key Escrow their
sorry asses. That'll solve the problem. Of course, we'll have to make using the correct value of 'pi' in the commission of a crime
a fucking felony, but we have to think of the children."
Nobody (posting anonymosly)
"Stop making sense, Amelia." ~~David Burn ('em if you got 'em)

@_date: 1997-09-27 07:49:26
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Remailer latencies 
Since I am generally up all night, under the influence of illegal drugs,
and am an extremely impatient individual--after sending an anonymous email at 4 a.m. when all the decent remailer users are in bed, sleeping,
I then send a half-dozen bullshit posts via the same remailer in order
to trigger the remailer into sending the posts out.
Invariably, I find that the post I was so eager to see in print is an
incomprehensible piece of crap that nobody in their right mind would
read, but my 'system' for expiditing my lame posts could conceivably
be used by those who actually have something to say, as well.
And, since you asked, would it not be in the interests of remailer
operators to have a script which would generate random text, encrypt
it to various remailers and send it out as 'cover traffic'?
It would seem to me that this would be particularly valuable for the
remailers that receive the least amount of traffic.
A Player To Be Named Later (posting non-anomymously)
