
@_date: 2001-12-01 22:08:10
@_author: Artcamp SC de RL 
@_subject: the Mexican woman who followed her heart 
Artcamp is presenting our serialized e-novel "Azucena" at
You are welcome to join this group if you want to follow the story
Azucena is the Mexican woman who followed her heart
on the road to her destiny wherever that way leads.
This is the "true" story, transformed by art, of a village girl
whose heart was stolen by a macho bull-rider
Best wishes from Guerrero Mexico
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 2001-12-12 21:26:58
@_author: Artcamp SC de RL 
@_subject: Hola friend greetings from Guerrero Mexico 
Hola friend greetings from Guerrero Mexico
Algunas de nosotras estudiamos ingles en los Estados Unidos
(las jóvenes que se fueron con sus papas mientras ellos trabajaban de
braceros por allá). Gracias a ellas, ahora tenemos mas facilidad para aprender
y usar este idioma. Nosotras estamos aprendiendo a base de traducciones
que  hacemos comoejercicios en nuestras casas y ellas nos corrigen
y así poco a poco vamostodas  mejorando en esta difícil tarea.
Nos cuesta mucho trabajo y es muy difícil, pero sabemos que si queremos tener éxito,
esto va a ser primordial manejarlo, así que pues ni modo,
lo tenemos que hacer cueste lo que cueste.
Some of us studied English in the United States (as youth going with their
parents who worked as bracero laborers there) Thanks to them we have the
facility to learn and use the language. We are learning based upon that we make as exercises in our homes and they correct us and little by we are improving in this difficult task. It costs us a lot of work and it is very difficult,
but we know that if we wish for success, this is necessary to work for it,
and so therefore we do what we must do.
Hace años nos dijeron que debíamos utilizar el Internet
para poder dejar de ser lo desconocidos que somos.
Years ago we were told that we ought to utilize Internet
to stop being the unknowns that we are.
Algunos de los miembros de nuestra cooperativa han trabajado
por casi tres años en aprender HTLM y los programas necesarios
para poder crear nuestro sitio web.
Contratamos algunos maestros de computación para que nos ayudaran.
Some members of our cooperative have worked for nearly three years
to learn the HTML code and the programs necessary to be able to be able to
create our web site  We hired some teachers of computation to help us.
Finalmente creamos nuestro sitio web
pero todavía estamos tratando de hacer que funciona para nosotras
Finally we created our web site and we are trying to make this work for us.
Confiamos en que Dios nos va a ayudar porque tenemos mucho que ofrecer
y porque sabemos producir nuestras artesanías y constantemente buscamos
cada día nuevas formas para crear lo que nos indican que el mercado de hoy We believe that God is going to help us because we have much to offer
and because we know how to produce our handcrafts and constantly we seek
each day new forms to create what the markets of today desire.
Quiero darte la dirección del sitio web que creamos (este es el tercer
intento mejorado) de Artcamp (esto es una abreviación de Artesanas Campesinas),
y es el nombre de  nuestra cooperativa.
I want to give you the address of our website that we created
(it is the third attempt to improve it) of Artcamp
(this is an abbreviation of Artesanas Campesinas which means in English,
Rural Women Artisans.
Me gustaría que lo visites y nos aconsejes sobre lo que debemos de estar
haciendo para mejorarlo y poder obtener beneficios del mismo,
como nos dijo el amigo que nos aconsejo hacer este proyecto.
I would like that you visit it and advise us about what we should be doing
to improve and to gain advantage of it like our friend said who advised us to do this project.
La dirección es Estaré esperando tus comentarios.
The address is We will wait for your commentaries.
Eso es todo por el momento, muchas gracias por reconocernos
y esperamos estar en contacto.
That is all for the moment, many thanks for recognizing us
and we hope to be in contact.
Sus amigas en Guerrero México,
saludos todas las mujeres de la cooperativa
de Artcamp:
Your friends in Guerrero México, greetings from all the women of the
Artcamp cooperative.
Yolanda Areli Tamara Marcela Maria Hilaria, Luz, y Anglica y las otras
Ojalá que un dia nos puede visitar aquí en México!
We hope that one day you may visit us in Mexico!
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 2001-12-15 10:25:29
@_author: Artcamp SC de RL 
@_subject: the Mexican woman who followed her heart 
Artcamp is now presenting it's serialized e-novel "Azucena" at
You are very welcome to join this group if you want to follow the story.
Azucena is the Mexican woman who followed her heart
on the road to her destiny, wherever that way leads.
This is the "true" story, transformed by art,
of a village girl whose heart was stolen by a macho bull-rider.
Best friendly wishes from Guerrero Mexico
Maria de los Angeles Robles Uribe
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free  address at
