
@_date: 1993-05-02 17:15:01
@_author: Jason Asbahr 
@_subject: Voice Privacy 
Greets, all...
I don't remember hearing this exact use of privacy-enhanced voice
communication discussed on the list before, but I might not have been
paying attention.  :-)
What do you think about encrypting voice communication in a
non-real-time sense?  Say I record a message (8-bit CODEC) on my NeXT
or on a friend's PC Soundblaster and then encrypt/scramble the file in
such a way that the resultant file is still audible.  I can then leave
that message on the recipient's answering machine or voice mail box
for him to later record and decrypt on his computer.  This method would make private voice communication more accessable, as it doesn't require real-time levels of performance.
Perhaps one of the PGP gurus could advise on how this sort of private
communications could be accomplished.  If PGP is used as the
encryption tool, then making the encrypted file audible is not unlike
making an encrypted file "readable" by turning it into mailable ASCII.
It is probably important to consider that recording an "audio armored"
encrypted voice message to an answering machine or voice mail box
will introduce various kinds of distortion.  Is anyone experienced with
error-correction methods for audio transmissions?
Jason Asbahr                           116 E. Edgebrook asbahr at uh.edu                          Houston, Texas  77034
next at tree.egr.uh.edu   (NeXTmail)      (713) 743-6995  voice
asbahr at tree.egr.uh.edu (NeXTmail)      UH NeXT Campus Consultant

@_date: 1993-10-08 12:20:45
@_author: Jason Asbahr 
@_subject: distributed autonomous networks 
Haha!  That's exactly how I got hyped about the Julieboard --
rummaging in the backlog of the voluminous-but-valuable cpunk posts...
My question:  Exactly how cheap can we make these things?  Mass
produced boards, a bag of appropriate components, and a few dozen
cpunks working in parallel could work wonders.  What about surface mount components?  Harder to assemble, and fewer
people have the skills, but the resulting box would be very small
and more easily concealed.
If you are hiding boxes on telco poles, an obvious source of power
presents itself.  :-)
I like the EMF idea!  Ideologically and technically interesting...
Is it practical?   Heat to electricity?  hmm...
Someone suggested general use of IR laser links, but someone else mentioned that it would be a bitch to operate a decentralized network of IR links.  Well, lasers and microwave are probably best suited for
mid-range connections betweens clusters of boxes.
(Ham radio tinkers with microwave and laser communication experience
 should probably comment here...  )
Since the FCC frowns on encrypted amateur radio, I doubt we could
openly use the ham nets or satellites...but how about bit fiddling
with slow-scan TV?  :-)  The list has generated many good ideas
on tunneling naughty data in otherwise innocent exchanges...
How many people are interested in this idea?  Is it time for
a radiopunk task force?  Does one already exist?  :-)
Jason Asbahr                           116 E. Edgebrook asbahr at uh.edu                          Houston, Texas  77034
asbahr at tree.egr.uh.edu (NeXTmail)      (713) 941-8294  voice
asbahr at gothamcity.jsc.nasa.gov         UH NeXT Consultant
