
@_date: 2002-09-04 11:55:39
@_author: Anton Stiglic 
@_subject: Cryptographic privacy protection in TCPA 
Jan Camenisch works for IBM, it's no surprise that the scheme is being
The scheme is not very efficient compared to Brands', but I would guess
if you don't mind doing allot of computation.
It is based on zero-knowledge proofs.  The basic idea of using
zero-knowledge proofs
to create an unlikable anonymous credentials system is actually pretty
intuitive and simple, and
people have taught about it before Camenisch & Lysyanskay have.  You can
probably think
about it yourself and come up with a similar scheme (not necessarily
provably secure however)
The novelty in my point of view is simply the choice of the setting in which
they work in (group of
quadratic residues modulo a composite), so that their scheme can apparently
be proven secure
under the strong RSA assumptions and the decisional DH assumption.
Camenischs work on group signatures and "Proving in zero-knowledge that a
number n is
the product of two safe primes" seem to have lead to the result.

@_date: 2003-02-07 12:22:45
@_author: Anton Stiglic 
@_subject: password based key-wrap (Re: The Crypto Gardening Guide and Planting Tips) 
Sent: Thursday, February 06, 2003 8:07 PM
One of the problems is exactly that.  There is no known proof of security
for PBKDF2 (it might be possible to come up with one, but to the best
of my knowledge nobody did so far).  Ironically, there are some proofs
of security for the older version of the same standard, PBKDF1 (which
was replaced by PBKDF2 only because the output of PBKDF1 was of
fixed length, so you couldn't derive much key material).  You can prove
some things about PBKDF1 relating to the fact that an adversary cannot
compute the result of PBKDF1 without having to compute a certain required
amount of hashes (this is the stretching part).  The details
of that are in the paper "Secure Applications of Low-Entropy
Keys" by Kelsey, Schneier, Hall and Wagner:
But I do think that PBKDF2 sounds reasonable, and I wouldn't be
surprised if we can prove something about it's security in some reasonable
model.  I would use PBKDF2 if I needed to wrap a session key
with only a password.
In general, the problems with existing proposed key derivation
functions is that they are all based on ad-hoc constructions.
There is a skunks work group trying to come up with a
proposal for a key derivation function which is based on some
provable secure results.
