
@_date: 2010-05-09 21:46:01
@_author: Petra Talley 
@_subject: Job in USA. Contract. Full/Part time. Up to 2000EUR/month 
Good day.
The international company looking for Correspondence Assistant/Representative.
We hire from USA, Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark.
No special experience is required for this position. - Resident of the USA, Netherlands, Belgium or Denmark.
- Basic English for applicants from all countries (ability to read and write the simple English text);
- Basic knowledge of Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel;
- Home Computer with e-mail account and ability to check your e-mail box at least twice a day;
- Adults only accepted (we cannot hire underage people); Job description:
Those people who are accepted for this job will follow these simple instructions:
1. Receive correspondence and packages from our company and its clients at your residential address;
2. Report to our manager (every candidate has the personal manager);
3. Repack received items following the instructions which our manager will send to you;
4. Fill in the forms and papers which will be shown in our managers instructions (you will receive an e-mail instruction for each box);
5. Forward received items according to instructions of our manager. You will receive prepaid shipping labels so you are not responsible for shipping and handling fees; Why we do this?
The United States, Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark take-up of Internet trading is much higher than in the Russia and some European countries. Many Internet auctions and online shops in the United States, Belgium, Denmark and Netherlands do not ship the products internationally. As the result thousands of customers in Russia and some European countries are not able to access the large market and purchase high-quality merchandise at so low prices. Our company provides Russian and European customers with United States, Belgium, Denmark and Netherlands street addresses that can be used as the shipping addresses. Then our merchandise managers forward the packages to the country where the customer is located. It is the same if they had relatives or friends in the United States, Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark and could ask them about such service. That is why we need in your parcels forwarding service. How the payment works?
You earn for next actions:
- Package reshipping - 24.00$ (20 Euro for Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark);
- Envelope reshipping - 10.00$ (7 Euro for Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark);
- Packages hold - 10.00$ for each 5 days period (7 Euro for Netherlands, Belgium and Denmark);
You will receive 8-12 packages per week during 4 weeks trial period. After that we will send over 50 packages per week to your address.
At first you will get paid at the end of your trial period (4 weeks from when you have shipped the first package) after it you will get paid bi-weekly. You'll be paid by the Western Union money transfer, paycheck or PayPal.
We are looking for honest and bright people for this position. Are you ready to join? Please send the application form only to our staff department:  invintecinc123 at bonbon.net
Here is an example of the the application e-mail: Text: First Name: Robert
Last Name: Smith
Street address: 23306 Bass Blvd Apt 12
City: Harlingen
State: Texas
Country: USA
ZIP/Postal code: 78552
Phone Number: 1-956-423-3654
E-Mail: robert at hotmail.com
That's all. One of our managers will contact you shorlty. Please do not respond directly to this e-mail. This is an automated message and the originating e-mail account is not monitored. Send your application only to e-mail: invintecinc123 at bonbon.net
Thank you for reading this document.
