
@_date: 1994-05-20 11:40:46
@_author: Karl Auerbach - San Jose Consultant 
@_subject: NSA's Baker to debate key escrow live on AOL, May 26 
I'm going to add some annotations to clarify the transcript...
I must say, it was fun!
Overall, I believe that there were some good minds at work on Clipper,
and that they are really sincere that they believe they have put in a
workable set of protections.  One must admit, that for the government,
they have actually put in a pretty strong set of restrictions and
limitations.  But, overall, they simply missed the point that the starting
point of the discussion is that people have a right to privacy, not that
the government has a right to wiretap.
        --karl--
The point that I was trying to make here is this:
One of the ways to determine whether the government can simply use stuff
it happens to encounter (perhaps with a little help in the encountering)
is based on whether the subject has an "expectation of privacy."  So, if I
yell to another person in a crowded room, I don't have much expectation
that my conversation is private.  If I were to talk quietly in a room with
just two people, my expectation is higher.  On a normal telephone, I might
be overhead by an operator.  On a cellular phone, my expectation might be
a bit less.  On an encrypted phone I might have a pretty high expectation.
Thus, if a third party were to use a phone which is being tapped, would
the police be able to use what they overheard this person say, even though
the search warrant only allows tapping for the main subject?  From a later
answer, it seems that there are some laws governing this.
I was really incensed at this point.  The guy from NSA was making all
these assertions about what was purportedly in some PGP encrypted files,
yet he failed to indicate one bit of information that would indicate why
he believed that those files contained that information.  In addition,
while it is possible that someone might hold a PGP key in his head, it is
more likely that it is written down somewhere.  So rather than using this
situation to justify Clipper, it should be used to educate the police to
find the key to the door before breaking it down.
