
@_date: 2001-01-27 19:56:05
@_author: auto129994@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Whois Database Hacked for Microsoft.com 
When will people stop falling for this?
Remember that when you register a second-level domain, you can assign any
subdomains you want through your own DNS service.  The owners of KLUGE.ORG,
for example, could add RAYMOND.D.MERENIUK.IS.A.MORON.KLUGE.ORG.  If
Microsoft itself had such a juvenile sense of humor, it could strike back
with LINUS.SUCKS.DONKEY.BALLS.MICROSOFT.COM.  A few hours to propagate, it's visible to everyone.
"Raymond D. Mereniuk"  babbled:

@_date: 2001-01-30 01:16:43
@_author: auto129994@hushmail.com 
@_subject: hi (This e-mail is virus-free!) 
"David Arguelles"  wrote in a virus-infected message:
[snip HTML, ActiveX, Mid/Kakworm, Ebola, and the common cold]
Hybris is almost impossible to get rid of.  According to the security department of Network Affiliates, Inc., a leading vendor of anti-virus software, the only known method of removing Hybris is as follows:
 1.)  Unplug your computer
 2.)  Remove all hard disks
 3.)  Douse hard disks with kerosene
 4.)  Ignite with matches or Bic(r) lighter.  Zippos not advised due to Flash incompatibility.
After you allow them to cool, your hard disks will once again be safe for use.  Don't worry -- this won't damage them; hard disk drives are made with heat-resistant aluminum platters, and some more modern ones use ceramic technologies.  Note that Hybris uses photoelectric quantum nanoscopy to infect all magnetic and optical media within approximately 20 feet of the infected computer; you should include any media such as floppies, CD-ROMs,
 data tapes, and VHS cassettes in the above procedure, and wipe down all integrated circuits such as RAM and CPU chips with a chlorine bleach solution.  Otherwise, you will be re-infected.
Since Hybris is currently in the process of destroying the entire Internet,
 the U.S. Department of Security (DoS) has decided to close down the Internet for cleaning and administration.  This process will involve high-voltage shocks to all servers and high-intensity laser pulses over backbone fibers.  For your own protection, disconnect from the Internet and do not reconnect until you receive an e-mail telling you that it is safe to do so.
I would advise you to check on the CERT advisory regarding this situation,
 but I really do think that you should disconnect immediately.
Hope that this helps.
P.S. -- Was that Snow White and Seven Dwarves program really seeexxxxy?

@_date: 2001-03-07 19:35:28
@_author: auto129994@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Spammimic (was: Re: Cypherpunks IQ test) 
Encoded as:
Was that supposed to be another puzzle or something?  And am I supposed to be impressed by that?
Just wondering.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at
