
@_date: 2000-11-29 16:08:48
@_author: auto105391@hushmail.com 
@_subject: CDR: re: Imagine 
I guess you realize this is satire, but lets be accurate!
1. W won't actually be declared the winner until January 6th.  Until then,
 he is therefore self-declared.
2. That's democracy as in "the absence of hereditary or arbitrary class distinctions or privilege," and having some say in how the republic is governed.   The Electoral College was in part created to safeguard the powers of the smaller colonies.  If America hadn't already been parceled up into colonies,
 it is doubtful that they would have come up with the Electoral College.
3. The "fact" that votes were not counted previously (when there was a clear winner)  is not germain (what do the damn Germans have to do with this?) to the question of who in this case received the most votes.  The number of ballots needed to say this is disputed is a small fraction of those 1% of ballots that a machine could not read.  These are ballots that a republican "mob"  are attempting to reject from the count.  So basically, you're saying that people who most likely vote republican but can't follow instructions should be counted, but people who most likely vote democrat but can't follow instructions should not?
4. One would think that the appropriate credentials for designing a ballot would be human factors training, not party affiliation.  It was probably crystal clear to them what the ballot said.  I'm sure math teachers can read each others tests, but that doesn't really address whether the test is fair for the students.  Again, past results which were not scrutinized hardly constitute a valid argument as to the effectiveness of the ballot.  Remembering which hole you punched is not related to how you decided which hole to punch.  5. Is it not true that minorities turned out in record numbers and most of them voted democrat?  If all else fails, call them a commie!  Do the words "ad hominem" come to mind?
6. Are you saying the state police are commies?
7. Again the original statement is true.  The margin of victory was less than the margin of error.  And yet someone declared themself the winner.  Any hand recounts performed (and some were not performed, others stopped) were in full view of republican operatives.
8. Again the original statement is true.  Of course the result of two machine counts jibe, it would be really scary if it didn't.  If you're going declare a winner based on the machine count, and the machine count has an error rate greater than the difference, it is a tie.  A more accurate count requires a more accurate machine (i.e. a human).  If you can document a case of tampering,
 I suggest you take it to the appropriate authorities.
9. Which part is false?
10. Again which part is false?  You simply changed the subject.  I'm sure Newt or Delay are very interested in bridging the gulf with Clinton!
This Nixon thing amuses me.  Nixon arguably lost the popular vote, was behind in electoral votes, and disputing Illinois would have brought him that much closer to winning.  In this case, Bush lost the popular (not as arguably) vote, and without Florida is losing in electoral votes.  Who should have conceded?  Ashcroft conceded for political reasons, not for the country.  While it is probably important to some people in Missouri, most of the country  doesn't know who Missouri's senators are.  He would have been contesting a grieving widow and the memory of a the Govenor.

@_date: 2001-02-20 13:50:21
@_author: auto105391@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Rightwing conspiracy (was: Re: Is a Thermal Imaging search needful of a warrant? ) 
Hey, He's not one of us.  Your adroit comments are terribly gauche, and might even have a sinister intent.
While Choate may not be dexterous, he is doubtless a Dexter.
Thank You,
The Lefties
