
@_date: 2001-04-04 09:11:29
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: First Day 
First Day:  Jim Bell trial
The first order of business was a motion by Declan McCullagh's attorney,
 Guy Michaelson, to quash the subpoena to testify.  Michaelson argued that requiring McCullagh to testify would be both an abridgement of McCullagh's first amendment rights and could deprive Jim Bell of a fair trial.  The motion was denied by Judge Tanner.
Bell's defense attorney, Robert Leen, then stated that he intended to cross-
examine McCullagh and stated that the court must decide the appropriateness of questions.  Tanner ruled that the cross-exam would be limited to McCullagh's direct-examination testimony.  McCullagh left the courtroom shortly after Remaining in the courtroom were Bell, Leen, the prosecutor, court personnel,
 IRS and treasury agents, 2 reporters from CBS, and a couple of spectators.  Apparently neither the local Seattle or Tacoma papers, or the Vancouver,
 Washington, paper sent a representative.
Leen then made a motion to withdraw from the case.  Bell spoke up at this point and Tanner told him that Bell could speak only when the Judge directed.  Tanner then told Leen:  "He [Bell] doesn't trust you."  Leen:  "He has great personal animosity."  Tanner then told Leen that he had responded Bell well.
Tanner ruled that Leen could not withdraw from the case unless Bell chose to represent himself.  Leen asked if he could "standby" to reassume defense,
 and Tanner refused to allow that.
Leen then tried to get counts 4 and 5 thrown out on the basis that the 2000 version of the law was unclear, unlike the 1996 version.  Denied.
Leen then moved to have Bell's parents attend the trial, and not be sequestered like the other witnesses.  He stated that they could give no testimony of substantive nature and would only be used for rebuttal.  Denied.
The defense attorney then requested limited voir dire with respect to Bell's first amendment rights, in a move to eliminate jurors that were weak on freedom of speech.  Tanner ruled that he would handle the voir dire.
Leen then asked about the subpoenas requested by Bell for the US marshall and three people in Vancouver.  The marshall refuses to show up at the trial without a court order.  Tanner stated that he would decide to issue a court order based on potential relevance of the prospective witness.  He requested that the defense provide a written reason why the witnesses needed to be Leen made another attempt to withdraw as Bell's attorney.  Tanner:  "Any further motions for withdrawal of attorney will be considered an attempt at harassing and delaying the trial."
Robb London, the assistant US district attorney who is prosecuting the case,
 then attempted to get Tanner to hold Bell in contempt, because Bell had refused to provide a handwriting sample for the government's handwriting expert.  If Bell was held in contempt, he would get no credit if convicted for the five months already served.  Denied.
Bell's attorney moved to have the judge recuse himself based on past business interests.  Tanner refused, stating that the business was decades in the past, that the person that he had transacted business with had been dead for years, and that he had never heard of Jim Bell in connection with the past transactions.
During this discussion, Bell spoke up again, and Tanner threatened to either muzzle Bell or have him sent downstairs to view the proceedings remotely.
Another two subpoenas issued by the defense for federal agents were quashed by Tanner.  During this ruling, Bell held up an 8.5 x 11 inch notepad with the word "SHAM" in large letters.
Then the wait for jury selection began.  Two of the jurors were apparently late, and the selection was delayed for over an hour.
One of the spectators turned out to be the wife of a potential juror.  When asked if she was from Tacoma, or if the jurors were being drawn from the suburbs, she replied that she was from Battleground, Washington, near Vancouver.  She and her husband had driven about 2 � hours to get to the courthouse in Tacoma.  "Was the court going to put her up in a hotel?"  "They offered,
 but I've got children at home, so we'll drive home every night."  A typical prosecution tactic is to try to pick jurors who will be most inconvenienced by the trial, based on a belief that disgruntled jurors will take out their frustration on the defendant.
Eventually 30 people filed in.  There were more women than men in the pool.  Most were dressed casually, even a little dowdy.  This was clearly not the kind of jury pool that would be seen in Seattle federal courts just 30 miles to the north.
And the voir dire questioning of the jurors bore that out.  The jurors were questioned as a group, with occasional individual questioning based on specific answers.  Of 30 prospective jurors, 7 had military experience, one was a US forest service employee (she was selected), one a NOAA employee and one a USGS employee.  Five were retired and collecting Social Security.  All were asked if they could be fair and impartial, in spite of collecting or having collected government paychecks.  All nodded yes.
The prosecutor then read the list of names of government witnesses to the court.  They included Bell's parents, several IRS agents, people who had contact with Bell when he talked to them, Jeff Gordon (who sat at the prosecution table throughout the day), John Young, another local cypherpunk, and one or more of Bell's friends.  None of the jurors had heard of any of the witnesses.
Then the judge questioned jurors about their computer knowledge.  Most claimed that they had computers with internet access.  Only one claimed that he subscribed to an internet newsgroup.  Three said that they had frequented chat rooms; 5 said that they were on mailing lists.  Of the five, three were only on one list, the other two said that they were on several lists.
One person (who was later dismissed) said that he had heard of the cypherpunks,
 but could not remember where or in what context.  Nobody had heard of Bell or Assassination Politics.
Then the judge asked the infamous "F" question:  Had anyone heard of FIJA?  No juror raised a hand.
Had any juror participated in a common law court?  No.
Did any juror believe that the income tax was unconstitutional?  No.
Did any juror belong to a militia?  No.  (One of the jurors piped up "The U.S. military," which prompted laughter from the courtroom and a clarification from Tanner.)
Had any juror had "contact" with the IRS, such as auditing?  Six people (out of 30, a 20% rate!) had been audited.  Five of the six characterized the experience as "unpleasant."
Five jurors had served on a jury in a civil case, 2 in a criminal case.  Three had been witnesses in civil cases.
Five of the jurors had been either the plaintiff or defendant in a divorce The judge then reminded the jury that they had taken an oath to judge the defendant according to the law.  He stressed that the government always had the burden of proof.
One juror, a teacher, was excused.  No juror worked for law enforcement,
 although one man (later dismissed) had a daughter in law enforcement.
The government was then given 6 dismissals for cause, the defense received 10.  When the jury was selected, 7 men and 5 women were selected, with 1 female alternate.  The jury is mostly middle aged.  Young hip-looking jurors were dismissed.  Only one or two retirees made it onto the jury.
Leen then moved to allow the jury to take notes.  Tanner saw no problem.
Leen then made an interlocutory appeal on the basis that the court had no jurisdiction in the case.  Tanner replied that he had heard nothing from the ninth.
Leen also mentioned that the jurors were instructed before the jury selection process that "the plaintiff and defendant" would make opening statements.  Leen mentioned that Bell believed that meant that he (Bell) could make an opening statement to the jury.  Tanner said that Bell could only do that if he decided to represent himself.
Court then recessed for lunch.
Before reconvening, Jeff Gordon, London and Leen engaged in a little casual conversation.  London asked "Why do we have to do this?  Why couldn't he just accept a plea bargain?"  Leen shrugged.  Leen kidded Gordon about how he looked like he'd been weight-training, "pumping up for the trial?"  Gordon joked about getting in shape for the IRS SWAT team.
When the court reconvened, London made his opening statement.  He said that the incidents for which Bell was charged occurred during October and November,
 2000.  Bell made a "sustained and deliberate effort to harass two law enforcement officers, and a third person, not a law enforcement officer, in the Bend area."  London claimed that Bell was zeroing in on the homes of the LEOs.  He "got one right, but the agent had just moved."  To locate the homes,
 Bell "obtained data from public databases."  London attributed Bell's motive to a prior conviction in 1997.
Then London spoke of the Multnomah County Common Law Court, which held trials of IRS and other federal officials in absentia.  The problem that such a court had was enforcement of its judgments.  Bell offered a "solution to their enforcement problem:  Operation Locate IRS."  He invited people to suggest names to check against public databases.  Bell believed that "if people know where IRS agents live, they'll be much less likely to intimidate London said that an undercover treasury agent, Steve Walsh, would testify that he attended the common law court, serving as a juror, and wearing a body wire.  Bell gave a diskette to Walsh with the AP essay on it.  Because of this and other of Bell's activities, IRS officials obtained a warrant in 1997 and raided Bell's home.  In the raid, they found papers where Bell claimed that he had made his own version of Sarin gas.  London dramatically linked this to the Tokyo subway attack before the defense attorney objected.  Then London talked about the "mercaptan attack."
London stated that Operation Locate IRS is an obstruction of the IRS law enforcement, and that AP was supposed to intimidate IRS agents.
London went on to say that while still in prison, Bell started planning revenge.  "I'm not going to kill them off, other people are going to do it." London alleges that Bell said.
After release, Jim collected databases and used them to try to find Jeff Gordon and Mike McNall.  He managed to locate the former home of ATF agent McNall in Bend, Oregon, and contacted the current occupant one evening.
Bell kept a diary of his "stalking activity which agents found in the November,
 2000, raid.  He detailed his visits to a "Jeffrey and Barbara Gordon" (not the IRS agent Gordon) in Eagle Creek, Bend, and Tualitin, Oregon (where another Jeffrey and Barbara Gordon-again not the agent-lived).  London hinted that at this point, Bell engaged in illegal activity when he posted on the internet a message "Say goodbye to Joshua"-referring to the son of one of the Gordon couples.  (A search for this message in Google turned up nothing.)  Joshua's mother claimed that the Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Alabama's insurance statement for her son never showed up in October 2000, and London implied,
 but did not state outright, that Bell had stolen the mail.  London said that the government would present testimony from Brian Kenny, a records custodian with the insurance company, that the statement was mailed that London also stated that Bell's "Joshua" email could be traced directly to Bell's home since Bell had "hard-wired" internet access.  (Cypherpunks would say that if a person has a fixed IP address, that's a good reason to use remailers, anonymizing proxies, or onion routers to send mail.  Apparently,
 Bell did not use cypherpunk technologies.
On October 31, Bell faxed Gordon at his office.  The fax stated that he was going to come by Gordon's residence that night.  London said that telephone records will show that the fax originated from Bell's house.  It is this fax that accounts for count 3 of the indictment-interstate use of a communications medium to stalk federal agents.
On October 25, John Young, who London characterized as operating a web site dedicated to "spreading some sunshine on government operations" sent an email to the cypherpunks list concerning the identity of an alleged CIA front man in Bend, Oregon.  London claimed that this man is not a CIA agent,
 but is now fearing for himself and his family.
On November 3, Bell and a friend drove to the assumed agent's house in Bend,
 and talked to the resident there.  After that, Bell posted the personal data for this person on the internet which, London declared, "would stay on the internet forever."
On November 6, agents got a court order for a search of Bell's home.  They also attached a GPS tracking-device to Bell's car.  The house search revealed "reams of paper" about McNall and Gordon.  Agents seized Bell's investigative diary, and the original of the fax to Gordon.
Late on November 10, Bell returned to the former home of McNall in Bend.  He spent 10 minutes on the McNall property.  How did the government know that he was there and how much time was spent there?  When Bell drove more than 2 miles from his home in Vancouver, Washington, Gordon received a page from the device.  Gordon then use his laptop to track Bell.  Gordon called the Clackamas county sheriff, who headed out to Bend, but failed to find Bell until he had already left the former McNall property.
London stated that while Bell was on the property, he left notes on three cars, asking them to "please call John Branton at the Vancouver Columbian."  Bell had been trying to get Branton to write a story on what was happening to him.
On November 12, treasury agents obtained a warrant and arrested Bell.
Defense attorney Leen made his opening statement.  He started by telling jurors that there was "a fine line between stalking and investigation."  That line is blurred when the subject is a federal agent."  Bell was doing nothing more than investigation.
Leen tried to separate the events leading up to the 1997 arrest and trial from the events in 2000.  "Mr. Bell has already been tried."  He mentioned that Bell felt that he had been coerced into a guilty plea in 1997.  Bell believed that McNall had made a deal with an inmate, Ryan Lund, to intimidate Bell in exchange for leniency in Lund's own case.  Lund beat Bell up while at the Federal Detention Center.
Leen pointed out that "Whether a figment of his imagination or not, he [Bell] had a right to investigate."  He said that Bell was polite, never did anything to put police officers in danger when stopped.
"Mr. Bell's activities were perfectly lawful."  At no point did McNall or Gordon seek a restraining order like an ordinary citizen would, but instead went to the US attorney's office.  "And that's why we're here today in this court?.  Mr. Bell never many any true threats, but only wrote things that scared people."
Leen read from the cypherpunks manifesto.  "Privacy is necessary for an open society in the electronic age. Privacy is not secrecy. A private matter is something one doesn't want the whole world to know, but a secret matter is something one doesn't want anybody to know. Privacy is the power to selectively reveal oneself to the world?.  Since we desire privacy, we must ensure that each party to a transaction have knowledge only of that which is directly necessary for that transaction?.  Therefore, privacy in an open society requires anonymous transaction systems. Until now, cash has been the primary such system. An anonymous transaction system is not a secret transaction system. An anonymous system empowers individuals to reveal their identity when desired and only when desired; this is the essence of privacy."  Leen went on to quote Tim May, "Computer technology is on the verge of providing the ability for individuals and groups to communicate and interact with each other in a totally anonymous manner. Two persons may exchange messages,
 conduct business, and negotiate electronic contracts without ever knowing the True Name, or legal identity, of the other?.  These developments will alter completely the nature of government regulation, the ability to tax and control economic interactions, the ability to keep information secret,
 and will even alter the nature of trust and reputation."
Leen questioned the motive for Bell's 1997 prosecution.  After all, he pointed out, Bell had written and disseminated AP in 1995, but the government didn't discover the essay until 1997 when the IRS seized Bell's vehicle.
Leen also pointed out that Bell was doing nothing wrong in going to Oregon in 2000:  "Bell crossed state lines to investigate?.  We don't prosecute people for what they might do, but for what they have done."  Leen ended his opening statement by emphasizing that Bell had done nothing illegal,
 and that the first amendment protects Bell's speech, no matter how objectionable.
London called the first witness, Steve Walsh, who currently works for the Department of the Treasury's Inspector General for Tax Administration.  In 1996, he was working for the IRS' Office of Regional Inspector Internal Security Division.
Walsh worked as an undercover agent masquerading as "Steve Wilson", attending over two dozen of the Multnomah County Common Law Court proceedings between January, and May, 1997.  He not only attended, but served as a juror on the common law court.  Walsh testified that he saw Bell at three of the meetings.  Bell allegedly proposed that the CLC serve the defendants-mostly IRS agents-at home, which would be "much more effective" at restraining abuses by individual IRS agents.
London then got permission from the judge to show a brief video of Bell talking about enforcement action-Operation Locate IRS--that the CLC could use.  Before showing the video, London told the judge that he was going to show the video; Tanner was clearly not enthusiastic about watching a film and asked "How long is this going to take?"
With Walsh's testimony, it became very apparent what the government's strategy was going to be in this case:  they were going to bring up all of the material from the 1997 trial in theory to show that Bell had the potential to harm federal agents.  It also served to have a visceral effect on the jury.  Interestingly enough, in Walsh's testimony, and all the other testimony on the first day of the trial, not a single witness was able to document any criminal act by Bell after his conviction in 1997.
Leen then cross-examined Walsh.  He asked "Do IRS agents attend domestic political activities?" referring to the Common Law Court.  Walsh equivocated.  Leen asked which of Walsh's supervisors had asked him to monitor the CLC.  Walsh said that he wasn't sure.
Leen conferred for a minute with Bell, and then asked if Walsh carried a firearm when attending the Common Law Court.  He had.
Another conference.  Then Leen asked Walsh about the time Walsh went to a Libertarian Party meeting to meet Jim Bell.  Walsh claimed that he went to the meeting to pick up something from Bell.  Walsh admitted that he was wired at the time, but he pulled Bell out of the meeting.  Walsh did not clarify whether he actually walked into the meeting or not.
Walsh also stated that he called Jim Bell at his home nine times between 1/97 and 5/97.
One rather interesting piece of information that Walsh disclosed was that the CLC had tried Janet Reno-and acquitted her!  Walsh voted to convict Walsh kept no reports of the meetings that he attended, which would be normal law enforcement practice.  (After the trial was over for the day, an observer pointed out that a legitimate law enforcement operation was always documented,
 but that a politically-motivated one would not be.)
When Walsh stepped down, Declan McCullagh was called to take the stand.  McCullagh made quite an appearance:  a consummate professional, dressed like he's just stepped out of a GQ page.  By contrast, London was wearing a rather poorly-fitting powder O.D. green suit and walked with a slouch acquired from sitting at a desk for too many years.  The jury visibly responded to the contrast.
McCullagh made abruptly brief replies to London's replies, refusing to give any information about the background of any articles that had appeared in Wired.  In a precise almost-mathematical fashion, he often replied, "I don't recall" and "I have no independent recollection." to London's questions.  "Did Mr. Bell say that he was going to take revenge on the system that imprisoned him?"  "I don't recall."  After seven or eight minutes of fruitless questioning, London asked the judge to declare McCullagh a hostile witness.  The judge did not rule.  Finally, London got a single crumb:  "Is it your practice to accurately publish based on best memory of what someone has said to you?"  "Yes."
On cross-examination, Leen asked McCullagh if he had talked to Jeff Gordon.  McCullagh "respectfully declined" to answer based on first-amendment journalistic privilege.  McCullagh pointed out the Gordon's opinion that was quoted in the Wired article was linked to an affidavit filed by Gordon which resided on a government web site.  Under further questioning by Leen, McCullagh agreed that the quotes attributed to Jim Bell were likely to be what Bell said.  "Are you a member of the cypherpunks mailing list?"  "Whether or not I am or not is outside the scope of the article, and I respectfully cite my first amendment journalistic privilege."
Tanner ruled that several more questions along the same line were outside the area of appropriate queries.
As McCullagh was being dismissed, attorney Michaelson asked the court to release McCullagh from further testimony.  Tanner agreed.
The next witness was Cindy Brown, who in 1997 had been employed as an inspector in the Internal Security Division of the IRS.  She testified that she had been the person who downloaded email from the computer seized from Bell's house in 1997 and read portions to the court.
Leen objected to almost every email introduced into evidence.  "Stale evidence,
 inflammatory, prejudicial to the jury" he repeated frequently.  After several objections, Tanner called on London to explain the relevance of all the email introduced into evidence.  London:  We intend to show "knowledge, motive, plan, and intent."
Brown introduced the follow email:
(a) listed names and addresses of a number of federal agents sent to Green Panther Terry Mitchell.
(b) A copy of AP sent to Stanton McCandlish.
(c) Mention of Sarin and claim that Bell could make an analogue at home.
(d) A discussion by Bell about the use of mercaptan, with a mention of its use in a legal case, for which Bell did not take direct credit, but appeared to imply that he had something to do with it.
(e) An email from a local cypherpunk to Bell in May, 1996 discussing Bell's political philosophy.
(f) An email to the NW Libertarians from Bell, proposing building a database of every name and address of every IRS agent in Oregon.  "It is likely that these people will be more pliable and less abusive in the future."
By this point in the testimony, the jury behavior is starting to get interesting.  Every time London speaks, all heads turn to watch.  When Leen objects or speaks, only 3 or 4 people look at him and follow his movements.
Brown then introduced more email, with the subjects of quinuclidinyl benzilate and AP.
Brown stepped down and the jury was dismissed for the day.
Leen moved to exclude an exhibit of Bell's 1997 plea agreement.  He raised the question of a "404B"-convicting a defendant twice for a prior crime.  Tanner admitted the exhibit.
Tanner concluded the session by asking, "Anything else to take up before sentencing?", then quickly corrected himself by saying "Anything else to take up before adjourning?"
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-04 11:53:19
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Second Day 
Second Day:  Jim Bell trial
The second day of the Jim Bell trial opened up with D.A. London making a motion to tell the jury that Bell had owned firearms in the past although he hasn't had any since the 1997 trial.  According to London, the fact that Bell had had a gun in the past was a reasonable basis for federal agents' current fear of Bell.
Defense attorney Leen pointed out that free speech could be a cause for fear in some people, but that nobody would reasonably constrain speech.  Leen said that firearms possession is constitutionally protected, and that this was true for Bell up until 1997.  The fact that he was exercising a constitutionally-protected right could not be held against him.
London said that the weapons were seized in 1997.  Bell designated a friend to receive the firearms when the IRS returned them in 2000, which by definition would mean that Bell was no longer in possession of them.  Leen pointed out that there was absolutely no evidence of current possession by Bell or of Bell contacting his friend regarding the weapons.  Bell had made no attempt to acquire firearms.
London suggested that Bell should retract his essay Assassination Politics.  Bell protested the suggestion, and Judge Tanner threatened to either muzzle Bell or move him downstairs to a viewing room.  London claimed that AP alone was a sufficient threat to the treasury agent witnesses.
The court ruled that London could introduce the firearm evidence.
The court then took up the matter of Bell's remaining subpoenas for Joanne Mayita and Anne Marie Evans, both of the U.S. Attorneys Office.  London moved to quash the subpoenas.  Leen pointed out that in-district subpoenas don't need to go through the court.  Miyeta was the prosecutor for Ryan Lund's case.  Bell believe Lund received consideration from the U.S. Attorney's Office to intimidate Bell while they were both incarcerated at the Seatac facility into signing a plea agreement in 1997.  Evans was a prosecutor in the 1997 Bell case, and Bell claims that she was aware of the Lund deal.  Tanner ruled to quash the subpoenas.
After this ruling, Bell twice banged the defense table with his hand.  Tanner warned that any subsequent display would mean removal, and ordered the downstairs viewing room to be prepared.  Shortly thereafter, Tanner told Bell to move over one seat to the end of the table, leaving a chair between him and his attorney.  His attorney asked that Bell be cuffed with an ankle cuff instead to the chair next to him so that Bell could still conference with him.  Leen pointed out that the jury would not be able to observe the cuff.
Leen requested limitation on testimony regarding Bell's prior legal possession of firearms.
Leen also brought up the interlocutory issue again, mentioning that it was now on the briefing calendar for the ninth.
The jury was brought in, and the first witness for the day, Robert William East was sworn in.  East had been Bell's friend for 15 years, and was the person that the IRS released Jim's guns to.  He testified that he picked up the firearms from the IRS' downtown Portland office in 2000 and had stored them with friends of his that Bell had no access to.  The firearms included 2 SKSes, a Ruger Mini-14, and an S&W 629.
London introduced Exhibit 21, a set of lock picks.  East testified that he had loaned Bell a tension wrench and a pick.  East and Bell had used the set once to open a door at East's house, and then had never seen that wrench and pick again.  (There was no evidence presented that the wrench and pick had been recovered from Bell's house in the 11/6/2000 raid.)  East said that he wasn't sure when this occurred, but it was sometime before 6/24/96, the date of an email in which he and Bell mentioned the set.
Leen objected based on relevancy.  London pointed out that he was trying to show that because Bell could pick a lock, he was a credible threat to federal agents.
On cross-examination, Leen asked if Bell had written to him while Bell was in prison.  East said that Bell had, and that the letters contained requests to look up people's names.  East stated that he wadded up the letters and threw them away without acting on them.
In additional testimony, East said that there had been no discussion of lock picks since 1996.
On re-examination, London asked East if he and Bell had discussed Sarin.  He said that they had discussed methylphosphodiflouride and isopropyl alchohol as precursors.  London brought up the Tokyo subway incident again, implying that Bell would use Sarin to gas federal agents.  East replied that they had only discussed it in relation to the Tokyo incident and that they had researched it purely out of curiosity about current events.
The next witness was Christopher John Groener, who lives in Mike McNall's former house.  McNall is an IRS agent who Bell had been researching.  Bell visited Groener's house in October, looking for McNall.  While at Groener's house, Bell recorded the license plate numbers of cars on the property before On cross-examination, Groener stated that McNall hadn't lived at the residence for about four years.  Groener stated that Bell had not been threatening,
 nor had any weapons.
The jury was sent out for a recess.
Leen motioned for mistrial, based on London's mention of the Tokyo subway attack and the transparent attempt to link Bell to it.  Tanner declined to declare a mistrial, saying that he had already instructed the jury to ignore it.  London pointed out that because of Tokyo, agents had reason to be afraid.  Lean countered that any fear that the agents had, no matter how unreasonable, they could attribute to Bell.  "If Bell were Japanese,
 they would bring up World War II [as a reason to be afraid]."
The jury returned to the courtroom.
The next witness was Hilda Wong Muramoto who is a subpoena manager for  Corporation.  In direct testimony she stated that Bell had a cable modem account, that the "DNS designation and sub-domain" as well as the IP address were hard-wired, and that the account did not cover dial-up connections.  She said that the IP address was 24.16.209.166 and that the DNS number was C1099371-A.  The DNS name that was captured in the e-mail that Bell allegedly sent to cypherpunks was encrv1.wa.home.com.  She claimed that those "numbers" could not appear on anyone else's e-mail.
Leen failed to explore the issue of e-mail header spoofing at cross-examination.
The next witness was John Young.  London started asking him about an email that he wrote on 10/25/2000 to the cypherpunks list.  Young said that it was just a request for information in relation to the Cryptome web site,
 which publishes documents involved with cryptology, intelligence, and dual-
use technologies.
In an almost-professorial manner, John explained how he had come across the information concerning an ISTAC office of the CIA in Bend, Oregon.  By consulting the .gov domain database for web sites that the CIA owned,
 he noticed the ISTAC web site and tried to find further information on it.  As part of his research, he said that he sent out a general request to the cypherpunks list because it was sometimes a good source of information.  Young published the domain name lookup info, which included the name Deforest X. Mueller, to the cypherpunks list.
Bell, among others, had responded to the discussion about a CIA presence in Bend.  However, it became apparent that London did not understand the difference between a contribution to a mailing list and direct correspondence.  He tried, briefly, to characterize Bell's contribution as direct communication.  Young pointed out that there are hundreds of subscribers to cypherpunks and that anyone can contribute.
On cross-examination, Leen asked Young if he published names of CIA agents as "public information."  "Potentially, they could be injured or killed as a result?"  "We don't think so."  Young stated that numerous such allegations had been made, but that such a scenario had never materialized.
"Do you feel that Mr. Bell's technology is feasible to implement?"  "No."  "Is there anything of value in his essay?"  "Yes indeed?. It's a good essay to envision how new technologies are deployed."  Young further characterized Bell's AP essay as being one of many such papers that explore potential outcomes of new technologies.
On re-examination, London claimed that Assassination Politics, contrary to Young's claim, had already been implemented by one person-C.J. Parker.  He claimed Parker had developed a working system.  Young said that Parker's system was a spoof, but London stuck to his claim that it was real because people could enter a name, which was forwarded to Parker.
Young was then excused as a witness for the rest of the trial.
The next witness was Jay Brian Goold, a special agent for the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration.  He said that his job was to investigate assaults on IRS agents and their families.
He was present at the 11/6/2000 raid on Bell's home.  Among other items that he found were:
1) a floppy with the label "ATF thug hunt" and Bell's name and address
2) a spiral notebook (previously referred to as "the diary") of names, addresses,
 phone numbers, and license plate numbers
3) the original of the "Joshua" fax
4) several CDROMs of the Oregon DMV database, sorted by different criteria
By the time that Goold had described the contents of five CDROMs, most of the jury, who had paid rapt attention to Young's testimony, appeared districted and bored.
At one point, Goold tried to introduce a CDROM into evidence that was labeled "DMV 2000".  On cross-examination, he admitted that he hadn't looked at the CDROM, and didn't really know what was on it.  At this point, the judge granted a recess for lunch, and Goold stated that he would look at the CDROM during lunch.
Before the court reconvened, London joked to bystanders:  "Bell should feel that he's already got revenge on the system, because I've had to stay in Tacoma during all of this."
On re-convening, but before the jury was brought back in, Leen asked the judge for permission for Bell to move back from the end of the table and said that Bell would "behave himself."  Tanner took a long look at Bell and said, grudgingly, "Oh, alright."
The jury returned and Goold took the stand.
He confirmed that the exhibit was indeed as labeled.
Goold then described the next exhibits to be introduced:
1) a residential phone disk for the eastern U.S.
2) a residential phone disk for the western U.S.
3) "Digital Directory Assistance" for the western U.S.
4) "CD Phone Disk Business Pro"
5) user guide for phone disks
Goold then introduced some printouts from those CDROMs, including lookups of addresses and names for the people he was researching.
On cross-examination, Leen asked Goold if the printouts that were seized were the only ones found at Bell's house of if there were many other printouts.  Goold said that there were others, but that the warrant only allowed seizure of relevant items.  "There were other printouts, but they weren't relevant so I didn't take them."
One of the warrant items was for copies of AP.  During the raid, no copies of AP were seized.
On re-examination, London asked Goold if the search team discussed before,
 during, or after the search if they had any discussion about seizing documents related to the free expression of political opinion.  Goold stated that the agents did not.
The next witness was John Michael Copp of Portland, a friend of Jim Bell's for 15 years.  Copp had driven Bell around on a couple of his trips to check out houses of suspected federal agents.  Copp said that Bell had gotten the addresses "from the internet."  When they arrived at the destination,
 Copp said that he had warned Bell just to look and not to get out of the car, "or it was going to be a long walk home."  Bell stayed in the car and took a picture at each location.
Copp tried to tell Bell that he might be on shaky grounds:  "I communicated to him on several occasions that I really didn't think it was a really good Leen asked Copp if he took many road trips with Bell.  He had.
Copp stated that Bell believed that he was being spied on by neighbors, followed by airplanes at night.  Copp said that he was sure that he was being followed by a Cessna 172 with government markings.  On a trip to Rocky Butte, he and Bell had stopped at the Butte, and watched a plane that had apparently been following them go into a pattern of "lazily circling" around the Butte area until they left.
Copp revealed that he had once been a Portland police officer.
Copp testified that Bell had never confronted anyone.  When asked about weapons, he said that "none seen none inferred."  "Any chemicals?"  "None."
Copp said that Bell believed that Gordon was following him around.  "[Bell] thoroughly believed that Mr. Lund was an agent or instrument of the government of the U.S."  Jim believed that Jeff had put Mr. Lund up to assaulting him.
On re-examination, Copp stated that after Bell's arrest in 1997, he had told Gordon that he had actually thought about calling authorities about Bell's behavior.
On re-cross, Leen asked Copp about Bell's state of mind.  "Over years, he became more and more concerned and worried about being followed and spied on? paranoid, maybe."  Copp added that Bell had plans to sue the federal government and specifically special agent Gordon.
The next witness was Scott Deforest Mueller.  He stated that he was a real estate agent, denied working for the CIA or any national security organization,
 and had never heard of ISTAC.  He had resided at the address on Dionne Way in Bend that had been listed in the domain name record for ISTAC until about two years ago.
Mueller's answers were delivered in a nearly monotone staccato.  He exhibited no change in facial expression as he answered the questions.
When asked by London why his address was listed on the record, he claimed that "he had no idea how it got there."
Mueller felt threatened because Bell had sent letters to the Vancouver Columbian and the Portland Oregonian outing him as a CIA agent.  He said that he had to buy three firearms to protect himself and his family, and that previously he hadn't owned any firearms.
On cross-examination, Mueller admitted that Bell had never contacted him.  Mueller further admitted that he was unaware of any threat until Jeff Gordon contacted him in September or October, 2000, "after the raid."  (The raid was in November.)  Mueller said that he'd never had any mail stolen, nor had his house been broken into, nor had anyone trespassed on his property.
Leen:  "If Jeff Gordon hadn't told you about this, you'd never know any of this, presumably?"  "Presumably."
The next witness was Philip Scott, special agent of the U.S. Treasury Office of Inspector General for Tax Administration, who was present at the November He introduced a couple of printouts of maps, both to the Dionne Way address that was pointed to by the .gov ISTAC domain name record.
Leen objected that warrant didn't include seizing anything having to do with Dionne Way.  It turns out that the search warrant that was given to the defense by the D.A. did not include the search warrant for the house,
 but only for Bell's car.  London pointed out that his office had mistakenly put in the wrong warrant.
At this point the jury left the courtroom, and Leen argued that Scott had seized items not on the search warrant.  His objection was denied.
After recess, but before the jury returned to the courtroom, the judge asked if there were any outstanding subpoenas?  The defense said no.  Although he had disposed of the remaining subpoenas early the same day, 82-year-old Tanner did not remember disposing of the last of them.
Leen brought up that they would like to subpoena Ryan Lund.  London argued against it, and Tanner seemed to be quite confused by the whole argument and unable to follow which attorney was saying what.  Leen pointed out that a number of documents concerning Ryan Lund had been seized in the November raid and that Lund would be able to provide information relevant to Jeff Gordon and Mike McNall.  The judge refused to allow Lund to be subpoenaed.
After the jury returned, the prosecution next called Brian Timothy Kenney,
 an operations manager for Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Alabama.  BCBS is the insurer for Joshua Gordon, son of one Jeffrey and Barbara Gordon (not related to the Jeff Gordon in this case).  Bell had mistakenly thought that he had located the Jeff Gordon that he was looking for, and had somehow managed to find out the name of their son.  The prosecution has tried to establish that Bell stole a statement from BCBS from the Gordon's mail that covered Joshua's medical payments.  Kenney testified that the item in question was sent out in mid-October.  Kenney testified that a check had been enclosed,
 but that he didn't know if it had been cashed.
Leen asked if Kenney knew if his server had been hacked, indirectly implying that the Gordon's son's name could have been obtained by other means.  (The jury probably didn't catch on to this inference.)  Kenney said that he was not really knowledgeable about it, that he possibly might have been informed.
Upon further examination of a replica of the insurance statement, Kenney said that it was just a statement of what the provider had been paid, and that no check had been enclosed.
The next witness was John Rabatin, special agent of the Office of the Inspector General Tax Enforcement Division.  Rabitin is a computer forensics specialist.
When asked to identify the three computers that had been seized from Bell's house 5 months before, he barely glanced at them and said that they were the same computers.
Rabatin identified more documents seized from Bell's house, mainly assessment records of the addresses that Bell had been interested in, and search results listings for Gordon.
Rabitin also produced an e-mail that Bell authored calling for publishing the names and addresses of agents involved in Waco, Ruby Ridge and other incidents.  Bell also suggested that people in other states buy up and publish DMV databases similar to what had happened in Oregon.
Rabitin described how he performed forensics on Bell's machines:  he removed the hard drive from each machine, put them in a lab computer, and performed a bit copy from the source drive.  After removing the source drive, he used "various forensic software and techniques on the image."
More emails recovered from the computers were produced including an email from Bell mentioning that he had voter registration records.
By this time, Tanner is clearly napping.  But he's not alone; one of the jurors has slumped over, eyes closed, head to the side.
Rabitin further talks about emails where Bell describes the surveillance he's under, and discusses how to get back the items that were seized in the 1997 raid.
The jury then recessed for the day.
After the jury left. London moved to seal all documents containing personal information, including addresses, so that they would "not be splashed all over the internet."  Leen argued against a sealing order based on first and sixth amendments.
No ruling was made at the time.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-04 11:59:28
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
Over 95% of the objections that Jim's attorney has raised over the last 2 days have been overruled, where almost every one of the objections that the D.A. has raised have been sustained.  It's pretty obvious that Judge Tanner hates Jim--partly because Jim hasn't shown the proper decorous respect to the judge--and Jim's attorney is fighting that as well as the prosecution.  By yesterday afternoon, he looked totally demoralized.
One of the people in the court who was reasonably friendly to Jim pointed out to him yesterday that instead of trying to prove a point, Jim should have spent his time trying to win his case.  Leen has to deal with a client who is at least partly committed to a crusade.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-05 12:18:27
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day 
Third Day:  Jim Bell trial
Rabatin (the computer forensics specialist) took the stand again.
He verified that more documents were pulled from Bell's computer:
1) Message to Ray Dillinger, 10/19/2000, "Judges Needed Killing".  Rabatin read an excerpt where Bell suggested a "chemical solution" whereby PCBs could be used to contaminate vehicles seized by government agencies, turning them from $10,000 assets into $100,000 liabilities.
2) The now oft-cited "Say Goodnight to Joshua" message of 10/24/2000.
3) Message to Jim East (friend of Bell's who testified on Wednesday) on 10/24/2000, regarding Bell's investigation of addresses of a Jeffrey Gordon in Eagle Creek, OR, and Mike McNall.  An excerpt read by Rabatin:  "The new renter acted like he knew Mike McNall."
4) Message on 10/25/2000 to John Branton at the Vancouver Columbian, Re: Harry Browne in Portland.  Bell writes that he talked to Gordon and McNall.  Bell states that Lund got 10 years off sentence in exchange for assistance in intimidating Bell into signing the original guilty plea agreement.
5) Message to cypherpunks, 10/25, "CIA in Oregon."
6) Message on 10/26 to Branton, regarding Bell's search through the Oregon DMV database for a possible CIA operative.
7) Message to Bob Johnson on 10/26, with a reference to outing feds.
8) Message to cypherpunks, 10/27, regarding the CIA and Intellink in Oregon.
9) Another message to cypherpunks on the same date, same subject
10)   Message to Branton, 10/28, regarding "outing" of "CIA agent" Mueller in Bend.
11)   Message (to Branton?), saying that the Mueller in Bend did not have the same birthday as previously thought.
12)   Message to cypherpunks, 10/30, Re: Parties, urging people to make various public databases easily available.
13)   Message to jessicas at alum.mit.edu and darcy.bender at iis.com, with cc: to Declan McCullagh, John Branton, and John Painter.  Bell states that he's still interested in uncovering the truth concerning McNall and Lund.  He asks the recipients to call the ATF office where he believes that McNall works.  As part of the deal that Bell believes that Lund got for cooperation,
 Bell notes that Lund got 27 months instead of 10-12 years for possession of an illegal firearm and methamphetamines.
14)   Message to John Young, 11/2, describing his upcoming trip to Bend to check out the address of Mueller.
15)   Message to Blanc Weber, 11/3, similar to the previous message to John 16)   Message to cypherpunks, 11/4, Re: CIA in Oregon and Intellink" describing the Mueller home in Bend, Oregon, and listing license plate numbers on cars he found there.
During the above testimony, the prosecution displayed the email messages on a monitor that was located about 20 feet from the jury box.  The jurors leaned over, squinting to see the messages. Although there had been two days of testimony where images had been displayed on this monitor, it wasn't until the third day that the judge asked if the jurors had difficulty seeing the messages.  Almost all raised their hands.  The judge then encourage the jurors to stand up and move around to get a better look at the monitor,
 which they did for a couple of exhibits.  After that, none of the jurors made significant physical effort to examine the exhibits.
London asked Rabatin: "How do you know authorship [of these emails]?"  Rabatin responded that the email programs are set up for multiple users.  However,
 he generally only looked at emails that were obviously either authored by or sent to Jim Bell. Rabatin noted that other family members used email on the same computer that Jim did, and that Rabatin had only made a cursory review of their accounts.
In cross-examination, Rabatin stated that he had only found email on one computer, although three computers were seized in the November 6 raid.  (Obviously, the two computers that were seized but obviously not used by Bell were sitting in the courtroom and had not yet been returned to the family.)  In addition, Rabatin had failed to check the date and time on Bell's computer, but believed them to be generally accurate.
The prosecution next called Barbara Gordon, wife of a Jeffrey Gordon.  She pointed out her husband in the courtroom, a youngish, bearded working-class casually dressed man.  She verified that the information that Bell had gathered from public databases referred to her and her husband.
She testified that she had never received the October explanation of benefits from her insurance carrier, and stated that she and her husband were so busy that at times they did not pick up their mail for a couple of days at a time from the mailbox at the curb.
In cross-examination, Leen asked her where she had heard of Jim Bell.  She was unaware of Bell until Jeff Gordon had approached her.  Asked if she knew of any thefts or trespass, she said that she did not.
The next witness was Robert Dutra, Detention Enforcement Officer with the U.S. Marshall's Service.  He verified that he had taken a 10-print card of Bell's fingerprints on 11/20/2000.  Bell had signed the fingerprint card.
Succeeding Dutra was Sue White, a Senior Fingerprint Specialist with the Treasury Department.  She was qualified as an expert witness under rule White was obviously experienced in testifying.  While most witnesses watched and responded to the attorney questioning them, White would listen to the question and then turn to the jury to respond.  Her responses were textbook-
quality, an introduction to fingerprint analysis 101.  Not until Jeff Gordon took the stand did any other witness so directly address the jury.
She stated that she examined Bell's notebook for prints, and also examined the notes left on cars (those that asked the owners to call John Branton at the Columbian).  Latent fingerprints from Bell were found on the notebook,
 but not on the notes left on the cars.
The court recessed for a break.  During the break, London tried to get the judge to admit a newspaper article about the Tokyo subway Sarin attack on the basis that it was corroboration for the fears of the IRS agents.  Tanner couldn't see the point, and ruled in favor of the defense.
London then brought up the matter of John Young being able to download the list of juror names from the Pacer system.  Pacer is accessible from the internet for a fee.  Tanner had barred anyone from publishing juror's names,
 but apparently one of his assistants had already published the juror's names to Pacer.  Tanner ruled that the names could not be reproduced in any medium.
The defense requested information about the tracking device that was attached to Jim Bell's car: the type, make, and where installed in the car.  London cited "law enforcement privilege" and argued that giving out that information would enable future surveillance subjects to find and dismantle such devices.  (Earlier in the trial, it was mentioned that this was the first use of a GPS tracking device in the area.)
When the jury returned, Christy Hanley took the stand.  She is an office manager for Unitel Communications.
She pulled the long-distance records for the Bell residence for the period 5/2000 through 12/2000.  She stated that on 10/31/2000 at 10:34 a.m., a call had been made for 2 minutes to (503) 326-2246.
The next witness to take the stand was Brian Mayer, special agent for the ATF.  He stated that he had installed the electronic tracking device on Bell's car, a Nissan Maxima, during the 11/6 raid, pursuant to federal court He said that the device received GPS signals from up to 12 satellites, and had an RF transmitter for broadcasting the location of the vehicle.  The GPS quality was "high quality, probably military."  The RF signal, which was always on, was broadcast to a receiver, and the data mapped onto a street grid coordinate system which could be displayed on a PC.  Mayer implied that the device also had a recording function when he stated that after he had removed the device from Bell's car on 11/20, he had "downloaded data" from the device into a computer.
The jury was then recessed for lunch.
The judge then called on John Young about the matter of publishing jurors' names.  Young asked for clarification.  Tanner told him not to publish any names before the end of the trial under penalty of contempt.  The prosecution tried to get all records sealed until the end of the trial, but Tanner said that the order extended to the names of jurors only, not the names and addresses of anyone else.
After lunch, Mayer re-took the stand.  He mentioned that he had tested the accuracy of the tracking device before attaching it to Bell's car, and verified it after he had attached it on 11/6.  He mentioned that he removed the device on Thanksgiving morning.  The device, he said, emits signal continuously even when the car is stopped.
On cross-examination, Leen asked him if Bell had also been tailed.  Mayer said that agents had relied on the tracker alone.
Next on the stand was Kevin Layng, patrol sergeant with the Clackamas County Sheriff's Office.  He testified that he had stopped Bell after Bell had been to the Groener's residence in Oregon City.  Layng had been alerted by Treasury agents that Bell's car was in the area, and found Bell driving about 2-3 miles away from the Groener's residence.  He stated that he followed Bell for about half a mile, during which time Bell crossed the center line of the road by about a foot when going around curves.  That was sufficient cause to stop him.  Layng's instructions were to stop Bell, then wait for a federal agent to come to the scene.
with more questions.  Bell asked the real reason he was being stopped, who Layng had been talking to.
Leen cross-examined Layng, asking if Bell possessed any weapons, chemical or nerve agents.  Layng said no.  Layng stated that ATF agent Mike McNall had shown up and spoke briefly with him.  McNall expressed concern to Layng about the Groener's house.  Layng also mentioned that Bell was handcuffed during the stop, about 30-40 minutes, then released.
The next witness was Randy Oxford, Sheriff's office hazardous materials technician, Clackamas County.  He was called out to recover the notes that had been left on the vehicles (ones that asked the owners to call Branton at the Columbian), because Treasury agents believed that they might be contaminated with PCBs.  The notes were transferred to the Clackamas County hazardous chemical facility.
On cross-examination, Oxford stated that he did not know the outcome of the chemical analysis.  (These are the same notes that were later handled-
without unusual precautions, apparently, by Sue White when she did the fingerprint Called next to the stand was John Branton, police reporter for the Vancouver Columbian.  He stated that he had written several articles about Jim Bell over the years, and had talked on the phone and exchanged email with Bell a number of times.  He testified that Bell had told him that Bell had been researching Oregon DMV databases and had driven to government agents' homes and taken pictures.
Under cross-examination, Branton stated that Bell believed that he had been persecuted and was trying to gather proof from court records and license databases.  Bell felt that the government knew that he was getting too close to the truth, and that government agents hated him.  Bell mentioned in email to Branton that he wanted to ask Mike McNall about the deal with Ryan Lund.
On cross-examination, Leen asked Branton about the email with the subject "Re: Harry Browne in Portland."
Leen:  "Who's Harry Browne?"
Branton:  "I don't know who Harry Browne is."
Leen asked Branton if he thought Bell was dangerous.  Branton replied, "I asked Jim if he intended to hurt someone, and he said no."  In a later email that Branton read to the court, Bell gave a more ambiguous answer.
When Branton asked Bell if he was a terrorist "Are you just talking or do you intend to hurt someone?", he said that Bell "always seemed to be just After a short recess, Mike McNall, special agent of the ATF, Portland, took the stand.  He confirmed the ATF's address at 1500 SW 1st Ave., Room 680 in Portland.
He stated that he was the principal agent in the Lund case, prosecuting him for felony possession of a firearm.  He hadn't heard of Bell until Jeff Gordon alerted him that his name had been mentioned on the cypherpunks list on 9/15/2000.
He stated that there had been no deal for Lund, that most cases of this type go into plea bargain.  He said that he hadn't been in touch with Lund since the original interview with Lund in 1997.
London asked McNall how he felt about being "stalked" by Bell.  McNall said his initial reaction was that it was part of being in law enforcement.  But after learning about Assassination Politics, Sarin, and Bell's chemistry background, he was concerned for himself and his family.  He mentioned that he thought about getting a restraining order, but decided not to for two reasons:  (1) the difficulty of serving a restraining order issued by an Oregon court on a Washington resident; (2) the requirement (which might be waived with some trouble) of putting his home address on the order.
Instead he notified the local police, and arranged for them to show up immediately in case Bell came to his house, started locking up his garage rather than leaving it unlocked.  He stated that his wife became more aware of cars in the neighborhood, and that he himself cancelled a business trip scheduled for the time before Bell was taken into custody.
On cross-examination, McNall stated that he had never met Bell, and denied that Lund was working as an informant for the ATF.
On re-examination, McNall stated that Bell had gotten his name from researching Lund's case file.
The next witness was Jeff Gordon, special agent for the Inpector General for Tax Administration.  Although Tanner had initially excluded witnesses from the courtroom during the trial, Gordon had sat during the entire trial at the prosecution table, calling up exhibits on his computer, prompting D.A. London during questioning, and bringing in prosecution witnesses.
He said that his job was investigating threats against IRS agents and their families.  He first became aware of Bell in October, 1996, when his attention was drawn to a post on cypherpunks concerning a post with personal information of Joan Luthy and Lynn Rose (CID).
He then ran Bell's email address through a search engine, found Bell's AP essay and "similar language."  He also found an ad through the search engine of computer equipment for sale.  The ad had a phone number.  Gordon traced the phone number to a house in Vancouver, Washington.
Gordon also found references to "Operation Locate IRS" which he said alarmed him greatly.  The references were found in email sent to both the Common Law Court and the Northwest Libertarians lists.  He stated that Operation Locate IRS "directly targeted tax collectors."
During a six-month investigation, Gordon pulled Bell's IRS file.  In the file was a letter from Bell, where he threatened to take the IRS to the Common Law Court.  Bell owed money from previous years, and had failed to file tax forms for some years.  (Gordon did not disclose if Bell had sufficient income to file a return in those years; nor did Gordon mentioned that W-
2s or 1099s had been filed for those years.)
On May 15, 1997, Bell was arrested for obstruction of IRS operations and his home was searched.  A warrant was soon issued to search East's home because East and Bell had email conversations about using nickel-coated carbon fiber to sabotage computers.  Gordon complained that he didn't get much information from the email exchanges between Bell and East were encrypted.  "We know when two people exchange email, there's two copies of every email."  Only a few messages had been stored on hard drives unencrypted.
Why was East's house searched?  Gordon replied that Bell had been using East's house to receive mail and had used East's phone.
In 1997, Bell pleaded guilty to obstructing the IRS.
Starting early in 1998 in mail and phone correspondence with people outside of prison, Bell talked of the connection between Ryan Lund and federal agents.  However, Gordon stated, Bell assented in court during his sentencing that he had not been coerced into making a guilty plea.
Asked if federal agents had followed Bell, Gordon said that Bell may have been followed "once or twice" in 1997, but not in 1998.  He said that Bell's home had never been wiretapped, that evidence against Bell had been developed through legal means.
Gordon said that Bell "seems to be obsessed that his neighbors are spying on him and beaming things at him."
Gordon maintained an interest in Bell and decided to maintain a watch on him prior to his release in April, 2000, because he believed that there "would be substantial security issues when he got out of jail."
Gordon mentioned that when agents raided Bell's home in 1997, that the hazmat team wouldn't even go in because of all the chemicals in Bell's home.  Agents thought about abandoning the search, but decided instead to go in and search Before release, Bell had gotten in touch with people outside of jail and some contacted Jeff Gordon to give him a heads up.  "He clearly wasn't backing off from the kinds of activities that he's been arrested for in the first place."  Bell was still advocating assassination politics and other ideas and that showed that he hadn't reformed.
After release people in the Vancouver voter registration office said that Bell had visited the office, looking up names.  During the summer, Bell's neighbors complained of black smoke coming from the chimney of Bell's house.  Gordon linked that with his concern that Bell was burning chemicals in the fireplace.
Bell said that he continued to monitor the cypherpunks list and USENET.  Apparently he used a search engine to look at USENET postings.  When he saw the "Judges needed killing" post, Gordon stated that it got him "worried enough" to open up a new investigation.
Gordon insisted that he was only monitoring public lists, and not monitoring private communications.
Court then recessed for the day.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-08 12:37:20
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd) 
Third Day:  Jim Bell trial
Rabatin (the computer forensics specialist) took the stand again.
He verified that more documents were pulled from Bell's computer:
1) Message to Ray Dillinger, 10/19/2000, "Judges Needed Killing".  Rabatin read an excerpt where Bell suggested a "chemical solution" whereby PCBs could be used to contaminate vehicles seized by government agencies, turning them from $10,000 assets into $100,000 liabilities.
2) The now oft-cited "Say Goodnight to Joshua" message of 10/24/2000.
3) Message to Jim East (friend of Bell's who testified on Wednesday) on 10/24/2000, regarding Bell's investigation of addresses of a Jeffrey Gordon in Eagle Creek, OR, and Mike McNall.  An excerpt read by Rabatin:  "The new renter acted like he knew Mike McNall."
4) Message on 10/25/2000 to John Branton at the Vancouver Columbian, Re: Harry Browne in Portland.  Bell writes that he talked to Gordon and McNall.  Bell states that Lund got 10 years off sentence in exchange for assistance in intimidating Bell into signing the original guilty plea agreement.
5) Message to cypherpunks, 10/25, "CIA in Oregon."
6) Message on 10/26 to Branton, regarding Bell's search through the Oregon DMV database for a possible CIA operative.
7) Message to Bob Johnson on 10/26, with a reference to outing feds.
8) Message to cypherpunks, 10/27, regarding the CIA and Intellink in Oregon.
9) Another message to cypherpunks on the same date, same subject
10)   Message to Branton, 10/28, regarding "outing" of "CIA agent" Mueller in Bend.
11)   Message (to Branton?), saying that the Mueller in Bend did not have the same birthday as previously thought.
12)   Message to cypherpunks, 10/30, Re: Parties, urging people to make various public databases easily available.
13)   Message to jessicas at alum.mit.edu and darcy.bender at iis.com, with cc: to Declan McCullagh, John Branton, and John Painter.  Bell states that he's still interested in uncovering the truth concerning McNall and Lund.  He asks the recipients to call the ATF office where he believes that McNall works.  As part of the deal that Bell believes that Lund got for cooperation,
 Bell notes that Lund got 27 months instead of 10-12 years for possession of an illegal firearm and methamphetamines.
14)   Message to John Young, 11/2, describing his upcoming trip to Bend to check out the address of Mueller.
15)   Message to Blanc Weber, 11/3, similar to the previous message to John 16)   Message to cypherpunks, 11/4, Re: CIA in Oregon and Intellink" describing the Mueller home in Bend, Oregon, and listing license plate numbers on cars he found there.
During the above testimony, the prosecution displayed the email messages on a monitor that was located about 20 feet from the jury box.  The jurors leaned over, squinting to see the messages. Although there had been two days of testimony where images had been displayed on this monitor, it wasn't until the third day that the judge asked if the jurors had difficulty seeing the messages.  Almost all raised their hands.  The judge then encourage the jurors to stand up and move around to get a better look at the monitor,
 which they did for a couple of exhibits.  After that, none of the jurors made significant physical effort to examine the exhibits.
London asked Rabatin: "How do you know authorship [of these emails]?"  Rabatin responded that the email programs are set up for multiple users.  However,
 he generally only looked at emails that were obviously either authored by or sent to Jim Bell. Rabatin noted that other family members used email on the same computer that Jim did, and that Rabatin had only made a cursory review of their accounts.
In cross-examination, Rabatin stated that he had only found email on one computer, although three computers were seized in the November 6 raid.  (Obviously, the two computers that were seized but obviously not used by Bell were sitting in the courtroom and had not yet been returned to the family.)  In addition, Rabatin had failed to check the date and time on Bell's computer, but believed them to be generally accurate.
The prosecution next called Barbara Gordon, wife of a Jeffrey Gordon.  She pointed out her husband in the courtroom, a youngish, bearded working-class casually dressed man.  She verified that the information that Bell had gathered from public databases referred to her and her husband.
She testified that she had never received the October explanation of benefits from her insurance carrier, and stated that she and her husband were so busy that at times they did not pick up their mail for a couple of days at a time from the mailbox at the curb.
In cross-examination, Leen asked her where she had heard of Jim Bell.  She was unaware of Bell until Jeff Gordon had approached her.  Asked if she knew of any thefts or trespass, she said that she did not.
The next witness was Robert Dutra, Detention Enforcement Officer with the U.S. Marshall's Service.  He verified that he had taken a 10-print card of Bell's fingerprints on 11/20/2000.  Bell had signed the fingerprint card.
Succeeding Dutra was Sue White, a Senior Fingerprint Specialist with the Treasury Department.  She was qualified as an expert witness under rule White was obviously experienced in testifying.  While most witnesses watched and responded to the attorney questioning them, White would listen to the question and then turn to the jury to respond.  Her responses were textbook-
quality, an introduction to fingerprint analysis 101.  Not until Jeff Gordon took the stand did any other witness so directly address the jury.
She stated that she examined Bell's notebook for prints, and also examined the notes left on cars (those that asked the owners to call John Branton at the Columbian).  Latent fingerprints from Bell were found on the notebook,
 but not on the notes left on the cars.
The court recessed for a break.  During the break, London tried to get the judge to admit a newspaper article about the Tokyo subway Sarin attack on the basis that it was corroboration for the fears of the IRS agents.  Tanner couldn't see the point, and ruled in favor of the defense.
London then brought up the matter of John Young being able to download the list of juror names from the Pacer system.  Pacer is accessible from the internet for a fee.  Tanner had barred anyone from publishing juror's names,
 but apparently one of his assistants had already published the juror's names to Pacer.  Tanner ruled that the names could not be reproduced in any medium.
The defense requested information about the tracking device that was attached to Jim Bell's car: the type, make, and where installed in the car.  London cited "law enforcement privilege" and argued that giving out that information would enable future surveillance subjects to find and dismantle such devices.  (Earlier in the trial, it was mentioned that this was the first use of a GPS tracking device in the area.)
When the jury returned, Christy Hanley took the stand.  She is an office manager for Unitel Communications.
She pulled the long-distance records for the Bell residence for the period 5/2000 through 12/2000.  She stated that on 10/31/2000 at 10:34 a.m., a call had been made for 2 minutes to (503) 326-2246.
The next witness to take the stand was Brian Mayer, special agent for the ATF.  He stated that he had installed the electronic tracking device on Bell's car, a Nissan Maxima, during the 11/6 raid, pursuant to federal court He said that the device received GPS signals from up to 12 satellites, and had an RF transmitter for broadcasting the location of the vehicle.  The GPS quality was "high quality, probably military."  The RF signal, which was always on, was broadcast to a receiver, and the data mapped onto a street grid coordinate system which could be displayed on a PC.  Mayer implied that the device also had a recording function when he stated that after he had removed the device from Bell's car on 11/20, he had "downloaded data" from the device into a computer.
The jury was then recessed for lunch.
The judge then called on John Young about the matter of publishing jurors' names.  Young asked for clarification.  Tanner told him not to publish any names before the end of the trial under penalty of contempt.  The prosecution tried to get all records sealed until the end of the trial, but Tanner said that the order extended to the names of jurors only, not the names and addresses of anyone else.
After lunch, Mayer re-took the stand.  He mentioned that he had tested the accuracy of the tracking device before attaching it to Bell's car, and verified it after he had attached it on 11/6.  He mentioned that he removed the device on Thanksgiving morning.  The device, he said, emits signal continuously even when the car is stopped.
On cross-examination, Leen asked him if Bell had also been tailed.  Mayer said that agents had relied on the tracker alone.
Next on the stand was Kevin Layng, patrol sergeant with the Clackamas County Sheriff's Office.  He testified that he had stopped Bell after Bell had been to the Groener's residence in Oregon City.  Layng had been alerted by Treasury agents that Bell's car was in the area, and found Bell driving about 2-3 miles away from the Groener's residence.  He stated that he followed Bell for about half a mile, during which time Bell crossed the center line of the road by about a foot when going around curves.  That was sufficient cause to stop him.  Layng's instructions were to stop Bell, then wait for a federal agent to come to the scene.
with more questions.  Bell asked the real reason he was being stopped, who Layng had been talking to.
Leen cross-examined Layng, asking if Bell possessed any weapons, chemical or nerve agents.  Layng said no.  Layng stated that ATF agent Mike McNall had shown up and spoke briefly with him.  McNall expressed concern to Layng about the Groener's house.  Layng also mentioned that Bell was handcuffed during the stop, about 30-40 minutes, then released.
The next witness was Randy Oxford, Sheriff's office hazardous materials technician, Clackamas County.  He was called out to recover the notes that had been left on the vehicles (ones that asked the owners to call Branton at the Columbian), because Treasury agents believed that they might be contaminated with PCBs.  The notes were transferred to the Clackamas County hazardous chemical facility.
On cross-examination, Oxford stated that he did not know the outcome of the chemical analysis.  (These are the same notes that were later handled-
without unusual precautions, apparently, by Sue White when she did the fingerprint Called next to the stand was John Branton, police reporter for the Vancouver Columbian.  He stated that he had written several articles about Jim Bell over the years, and had talked on the phone and exchanged email with Bell a number of times.  He testified that Bell had told him that Bell had been researching Oregon DMV databases and had driven to government agents' homes and taken pictures.
Under cross-examination, Branton stated that Bell believed that he had been persecuted and was trying to gather proof from court records and license databases.  Bell felt that the government knew that he was getting too close to the truth, and that government agents hated him.  Bell mentioned in email to Branton that he wanted to ask Mike McNall about the deal with Ryan Lund.
On cross-examination, Leen asked Branton about the email with the subject "Re: Harry Browne in Portland."
Leen:  "Who's Harry Browne?"
Branton:  "I don't know who Harry Browne is."
Leen asked Branton if he thought Bell was dangerous.  Branton replied, "I asked Jim if he intended to hurt someone, and he said no."  In a later email that Branton read to the court, Bell gave a more ambiguous answer.
When Branton asked Bell if he was a terrorist "Are you just talking or do you intend to hurt someone?", he said that Bell "always seemed to be just After a short recess, Mike McNall, special agent of the ATF, Portland, took the stand.  He confirmed the ATF's address at 1500 SW 1st Ave., Room 680 in Portland.
He stated that he was the principal agent in the Lund case, prosecuting him for felony possession of a firearm.  He hadn't heard of Bell until Jeff Gordon alerted him that his name had been mentioned on the cypherpunks list on 9/15/2000.
He stated that there had been no deal for Lund, that most cases of this type go into plea bargain.  He said that he hadn't been in touch with Lund since the original interview with Lund in 1997.
London asked McNall how he felt about being "stalked" by Bell.  McNall said his initial reaction was that it was part of being in law enforcement.  But after learning about Assassination Politics, Sarin, and Bell's chemistry background, he was concerned for himself and his family.  He mentioned that he thought about getting a restraining order, but decided not to for two reasons:  (1) the difficulty of serving a restraining order issued by an Oregon court on a Washington resident; (2) the requirement (which might be waived with some trouble) of putting his home address on the order.
Instead he notified the local police, and arranged for them to show up immediately in case Bell came to his house, started locking up his garage rather than leaving it unlocked.  He stated that his wife became more aware of cars in the neighborhood, and that he himself cancelled a business trip scheduled for the time before Bell was taken into custody.
On cross-examination, McNall stated that he had never met Bell, and denied that Lund was working as an informant for the ATF.
On re-examination, McNall stated that Bell had gotten his name from researching Lund's case file.
The next witness was Jeff Gordon, special agent for the Inpector General for Tax Administration.  Although Tanner had initially excluded witnesses from the courtroom during the trial, Gordon had sat during the entire trial at the prosecution table, calling up exhibits on his computer, prompting D.A. London during questioning, and bringing in prosecution witnesses.
He said that his job was investigating threats against IRS agents and their families.  He first became aware of Bell in October, 1996, when his attention was drawn to a post on cypherpunks concerning a post with personal information of Joan Luthy and Lynn Rose (CID).
He then ran Bell's email address through a search engine, found Bell's AP essay and "similar language."  He also found an ad through the search engine of computer equipment for sale.  The ad had a phone number.  Gordon traced the phone number to a house in Vancouver, Washington.
Gordon also found references to "Operation Locate IRS" which he said alarmed him greatly.  The references were found in email sent to both the Common Law Court and the Northwest Libertarians lists.  He stated that Operation Locate IRS "directly targeted tax collectors."
During a six-month investigation, Gordon pulled Bell's IRS file.  In the file was a letter from Bell, where he threatened to take the IRS to the Common Law Court.  Bell owed money from previous years, and had failed to file tax forms for some years.  (Gordon did not disclose if Bell had sufficient income to file a return in those years; nor did Gordon mentioned that W-
2s or 1099s had been filed for those years.)
On May 15, 1997, Bell was arrested for obstruction of IRS operations and his home was searched.  A warrant was soon issued to search East's home because East and Bell had email conversations about using nickel-coated carbon fiber to sabotage computers.  Gordon complained that he didn't get much information from the email exchanges between Bell and East were encrypted.  "We know when two people exchange email, there's two copies of every email."  Only a few messages had been stored on hard drives unencrypted.
Why was East's house searched?  Gordon replied that Bell had been using East's house to receive mail and had used East's phone.
In 1997, Bell pleaded guilty to obstructing the IRS.
Starting early in 1998 in mail and phone correspondence with people outside of prison, Bell talked of the connection between Ryan Lund and federal agents.  However, Gordon stated, Bell assented in court during his sentencing that he had not been coerced into making a guilty plea.
Asked if federal agents had followed Bell, Gordon said that Bell may have been followed "once or twice" in 1997, but not in 1998.  He said that Bell's home had never been wiretapped, that evidence against Bell had been developed through legal means.
Gordon said that Bell "seems to be obsessed that his neighbors are spying on him and beaming things at him."
Gordon maintained an interest in Bell and decided to maintain a watch on him prior to his release in April, 2000, because he believed that there "would be substantial security issues when he got out of jail."
Gordon mentioned that when agents raided Bell's home in 1997, that the hazmat team wouldn't even go in because of all the chemicals in Bell's home.  Agents thought about abandoning the search, but decided instead to go in and search Before release, Bell had gotten in touch with people outside of jail and some contacted Jeff Gordon to give him a heads up.  "He clearly wasn't backing off from the kinds of activities that he's been arrested for in the first place."  Bell was still advocating assassination politics and other ideas and that showed that he hadn't reformed.
After release people in the Vancouver voter registration office said that Bell had visited the office, looking up names.  During the summer, Bell's neighbors complained of black smoke coming from the chimney of Bell's house.  Gordon linked that with his concern that Bell was burning chemicals in the fireplace.
Bell said that he continued to monitor the cypherpunks list and USENET.  Apparently he used a search engine to look at USENET postings.  When he saw the "Judges needed killing" post, Gordon stated that it got him "worried enough" to open up a new investigation.
Gordon insisted that he was only monitoring public lists, and not monitoring private communications.
Court then recessed for the day.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-09 12:27:58
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Fourth Day (fwd) 
Fourth Day:  Jim Bell Trial
Gordon continued his testimony from the previous day.
He started by reviewing the mechanism for returning the guns seized on April 1, 1997, to a person that Bell would designate.
He then verified the following admitted evidence:
1. A receipt issued to Bell by Clark County for assessor's records copies.
2. Copies of real property records for a (not the) Jeffrey Gordon.
London then asked Gordon about the tracking device that had been installed on Bell's car.  Gordon monitored the tracking device at night from his home.  When Bell got outside a small radius from his house, the alarm would sound.  The short radius was set to avoid trivial alerts, such as Bell going to a grocery store near his home.
More evidence was confirmed by Gordon, specifically:
1. A Wired article by Declan McCullagh, where he quoted Bell as saying that he was "thinking of picketing" Gordon's home.
2. A photo processing envelope from 11/17/00 and a photo of one of the residences that Bell had stopped at, found in Bell's car at the time of his arrest.
London asked Gordon how he had found out about Mueller.  Gordon stated that he had typed "Scott Mueller" into a search engine and that it had turned up in the cypherpunks archive.
Gordon then described why he believed that Bell's notebook was evidence of stalking:  There were some matches between phone numbers in Bell's "diary,
" and phone calls on the long distance bill-"At least one example where it [the numbers] did match up."  Gordon testified that that the numbers were "not necessarily victims in the case."  He noted that some of the numbers belonged to assessor's offices in various counties.
London asked Gordon if he carried a gun.  Gordon replied that he did.  London:  "Why are you afraid of this guy?  You're carrying a gun and he isn't."  "He's strongly advocated the assassination of IRS agents."  Gordon also cited Bell's chemistry background, the fact that he went to MIT, and the incident where Bell dumped chemicals in an IRS building.  Gordon stated that Bell had not reformed, that he had increased his activity since his release.  His behavior had become more "aggressive and escalating."
London asked Gordon how he was addressing this perceived threat.  Had he increased security?  Gordon responded that he had purchased additional firearms,
 installed security systems, obtained a restraining order, and educated his family.  His wife started carrying.  Gordon said that he looked out of the window more, took evasive routes when driving, and watched for anyone Gordon stated that when Bell was released, he didn't do anything other than monitor the internet and take phone calls from people who were concerned about the danger that they believed Bell might pose.
On the matter of Bell using Oregon DMV databases:  Gordon stated that DMV access is not legal for non-commercial use, noting that both Oregon state and federal law restricted their use.
London ended the direct examination by asking Gordon about Bell's handwriting samples.  Gordon said that Bell refused to give samples although technicians were sent twice to the Seatac Detention Facility to get them.
In cross-examination, Gordon stated that when Bell's vehicle was seized in February, 1997, Gordon was aware of Bell and "had a lot of involvement in the process."  He already was aware of AP at the time.
"Later on" he began monitoring the cypherpunks list.
He was also aware of Walsh, the agent who testified about wearing a wire to numerous Multnomah County Common Law Court and to a Clark County Libertarian Party meeting.  Gordon claimed that Walsh's "mission was not to infiltrate the Common Law Court."
When asked if Bell had supplied an illegal FM transmitter that Walsh had tried to get Bell to supply, Gordon stated that Bell had not supplied any illegal FM transmitter.
Asked what had prompted the car seizure in 1997, Gordon said that Bell had failed to pay past taxes on stock sales amounting to a "big $100,000 payment."
Gordon said that Bell was not being prosecuted for his essay Assassination Politics or for chemicals recovered from his house in 1997.  He agreed with previous witnesses that no firearms had been found at the Bell house in the November, 2000, raid, nor had Gordon ever seen the weapons that had been released to Bell's friend Bob East again.  However, there were some chemicals found in the 2000 raid.  Gordon stated that he was aware that Bell had been a hobbyist chemist since he was a pre-teen.
Leen asked Gordon about his monitoring efforts.  Gordon stated that he had made no sustained effort to monitor Bell except when Walsh "did one-party consensual monitoring, which we were entitled to do."  (The conversations that were monitored involved Bell's phone in Vancouver, Washington.  Washington is a "two-party" state, a fact noted by a previous Treasury Department witness.)
Further questioning revealed that:
Gordon said that he started monitoring the cypherpunks mailing list in "mid to late 97."
The restraining order that Gordon said that he obtained as part of the effort to increase his personal security was obtained after Bell was arrested.  Bell has not been out of jail since his arrest.
The person who sold Bell the Oregon DMV records did not obtain a signed form stating that the database would be used only for commercial purposes for Bell, although this was a normal procedure.
On redirect examination, Gordon again stated that there was no political plan to infiltrate the Common Law Court, that having Walsh go to the Common Law Court "was the only way to contact Bell."
Walsh recorded conversations of Bell discussing AP, and what steps were necessary to implement it.
Gordon claimed that he would not have opened an investigation of Bell if the basis for the investigation was only AP.  Instead, it was the "Operation Locate IRS" that triggered the investigation.
Mopping up details, Gordon concluded his testimony by noting that a fax machine was found next to Bell's computer in the 11/6/2000 raid.  He also mentioned that Bell's use of the roads for travel between Washington and Oregon qualified as interstate commerce.
The jury was sent out for a break.
While the jury was out, Tanner observed that the relations between the defense attorney and the defendant has become "congenial."
Leen moved for a Rule 29 acquittal on all counts.  On count one, he argued,
 there was no prima facie showing that McNall was reall in danger; he also cited the commerce clause of the constitution.  Tanner denied.
Leen made the same argument for count 2.  Tanner denied.
On count three, Leen argued that Bell had only made one phone call and sent one fax-clearly not a consistent exercise to constitute a pattern or course of conduct; Leen also cited the constitution's commerce clause.  Leen pointed out that the federal law that Bell was prosecuted under was vague, but that similar laws required at least two instances and sometimes three to establish a pattern.
Leen also moved to dismiss counts four and five based on insufficient evidence of fear by the people mentioned in the counts.
London interjected that McNall not only expressed fear but took steps to protect himself.  London said that Bell should have understood that he was being surveilled since he knew that law enforcement was watching his posts.  Furthermore, London pointed out, the government could not wait until Bell actually did something.  "If law enforcement was aware [of Bell's actions] and someone got hurt, the victims could sue law enforcement."
Tanner asked:  "Is Assassination Politics sufficient to put people on the London:  "It's enough to put people on the alert, but not enough to indict someone unless someone takes action against a specific person."
Tanner:  "Not only overt acts but subtle acts."  He denied all defense motions.
Leen announced that Bell would take the stand.  Tanner said that Bell couldn't use the blackboard, but instead must use butcher paper mounted on an easel.  Bell would not be permitted to get out of the witness box, but must instead use a pointer.  (During lunch, Bell drew some maps on the paper.  After reconvening, the easel was placed well beyond the reach of most pointers,
 and was oriented sideways where Bell could not see it.)
Leen then asked the court if Bell could retrieve his notes from SeaTac.  He said that the notes were locked up-by court order--and that Bell could only obtain them during business hours.  Tanner told Leen that the court would reconvene at one pm, and at that point he would asked if the defense was ready or not-implying that if Leen didn't put on his case at that time,
 he would not have the opportunity.
The court recessed for lunch.
The afternoon started with Bell on the stand.  Defense attorney Leen had Bell describe his family and educational background.  Bell came across as affable and chatty, directly addressing the jury.  He related his experience in working for Intel in 1980, then starting and running Semi-Disk Corporation from 1982-1992, when its main product finally became obsolete and the company failed.  Since 1992, he had taken occasional work in electronics design and prototyping.
So how did Bell come by so large a tax liability?  Bell sold some stock after the business failed and did not pay capital gains on it.  After the business failed, he said, he "developed a phobia about dealing with large scale transactions."  He often set aside unopened letters from the IRS about the tax liability because of his phobia.
Bell testified that he had been a libertarian since 1975.  How did he get involved with the Multnomah County Common Law Court?  "They sounded kind of interesting, and the meeting was held in a pizza joint, and I will go anywhere for pizza."
He also says that he went to the CLC to look for signs of infiltration by federal agents.  Bell stated that he considers infiltration of political groups "improper."
Leen then had Bell review the history of his essay.  Bell first posted AP to Fidonet in 1985.
Leen:  "What was interesting about Assassination Politics?"
Bell:  "The name was kind of a joke."  It really meant the end of politics,
 an elimination of hierarchical power structures.  Bell saw that as an improvement,
 noting that governments cause wars, that individuals don't bear that kind of animus toward each other.
Assassination Politics was originally intended for somebody like Saddam Hussein, not American public officials.  So what about someone who didn't like their boss, Leen asked.  Bell said that was unlikely to happen, since the whole society would have to be quite different from what it is now for AP to function.  "I wasn't specifically instituting this system into a small area of another system."
Bell stated that AP was "only quite hypothetically" workable.
Leen:  "So you are advocating anarchy?"  Bell:  "Anarchy is a lack of orders,
 not a lack of order?.  I don't advocate chaos, I don't believe in lack of order.  I believe in a lack of orders."
Leen then asked Bell to define encryption and cyphers, followed by questions about how public key encryption is related to AP.  Bell described in simple terms how encryption would work in his proposed system.
Bell said that he had first gotten the idea from an article on blind signatures that was in a 1993 Scientific American article.
So why did Bell discuss AP on the cypherpunks list?  Because cypherpunks understood computers, networks and encryption.  AP was merely intended for debate and discussion, not necessarily implementation.
Bell mapped the probability for AP's implementation to the prediction of a moon landing by HG Wells in the 1890s, saying that the capability to implement AP was "at least 10 or 15 years off."
So why did Bell suggest to the CLC that AP could be a "solution?"  Bell said that the tax collector is a familiar symbol to people on the CLC, and that he was trying to make his essay relevant to them so that they would discuss it.
So, Leen asked, what would happen to people like tax collectors?  After all, "a person who learns of a system that makes it impossible to keep their job would be terrified."  Bell thought it unlikely to become a problem, since those people would tend to find other work before having to deal with such a system.  He said that a lot of jobs become obsolete.  When that happens,
 people find new jobs.  He characterized such fear as "economic fear and not life-threatening" that could be addressed simply by changing jobs.
"The fundamental reason for the essay was to make it unnecessary to pay for a lot of big government."  Under AP, the need for a large military would Bell thought that the IRS' surveillance of him began in 1997 at the CLC.  He fabricated a field strength meter that would signal him with vibration and took that to a meeting, where he detected RF emissions coming from "Steve Wilson" (whose real name was Steve Walsh).
While at the CLC, Bell outlined AP to some of the members.  Bell stated that AP would be seldom implemented, "very few people killed"-only "very serious offenders or people who didn't pay their fines."
Leen asked Bell about his communications with "Steve Wilson" between January 31, 1997 and the following April 28.  Wilson asked Bell to obtain a transmitter for an FM pirate radio station.  Leen:  "Did you do that?"  Bell:  "Oh no,
 that's illegal."
Bell believed that he was under surveillance in 1997 and 1998.
What led to his conviction in 1997 was the prank of putting Mercaptan, a "non-toxic smelly substance" in IRS offices, as well as using a false Social Security number.  Bell stated that he resisted using his SSN for casual non-tax purposes, and would ask for a unique identifier instead.  Since he used his Social Security number rarely, he made the error of swapping two digits on a tax form.
The conviction was part of a plea agreement.  (The agreement itself was interesting:  it contained clauses where Bell would turn over his PGP keys and passphrase, which federal agents agreed would not be used to make posts; that Bell would reveal what he knew about chemicals such as sarin and ricin.  This agreement was not discussed in detail in the trial, but is available as a public document.)
Bell insists that he signed the plea agreement under duress.  He bases this claim on an incident in 1997, where Eric Thomas Lund started an altercation with him, and during the altercation yelled at Bell that he'd better accept the agreement that was offered.  Bell testified that he had been informing various people, including his own lawyer, that he had decided to refuse the agreement.
Bell had suspected Lund from the first day he met him.  While at the Tacoma courthouse on 11/21/1997, Bell had been placed in the same holding cell as Lund.  However, Lund had his papers with him-usually not permitted to prisoners-and he was dressed in street clothes instead of the more normal prison garb.  Lund went so far as to clearly admit his guilt in front of the cameras and microphones monitoring the cells.
After getting out of prison, Bell obtained a copy of both Lund's criminal prosecution files and a civil file for a slip-and-fall case that Lund sued the Seatac Detention facility for on 12/15/1997.  Bell says that the civil case indicates that Lund was a government informant at that time.
Bell pursued his course of action because he believed that the way that federal agents had used Lund to intimidate him should be exposed.  He said that he didn't believe in revenge.
Bell then told several stories about surveillance that he suspected had occurred, including a 1998 incident at a Clark County LP meeting at Smokey's Pizza in Orchards, Washington.
After his release in 2000, Bell decided to investigate Lund.  He found the name of Mike McNall in Lund's criminal file and believed that McNall might be Lund's "handler."  Bell said that he did not want to contact McNall at his office, but believed that McNall would be more candid and forthcoming if Bell could talk to him away from his office.
Regarding the CIA/Mueller incident, Bell said that was not connected to any of the IRS matters.  Bell was familiar with Bend and was curious as to why there would be a CIA presence there, since it was a relatively small town far from anything of interest.  Bell decoupled himself from John Young,
 pointing out that "Young didn't request assistance, and I didn't offer assistance."  Bell admitted that he had mistaken Mueller for a CIA agent and that now he believes that Mueller is telling the truth about being a real estate agent.  (A separate check of Washington state's real estate licensing board indicates that Mueller was a real estate agent licensed in Chelan until July, 1996.  He is registered under the name "Scott Mueller" rather than "Deforest Mueller," the name listed with directory information in Bend, and the name on the CIA ISTAC domain record.)
The jury was dismissed for the day.
Leen told Tanner that all of Bell's discovery notes were at Seatac; that Seatac would not release the notes without a court order, and that the counsellor who would release the notes doesn't work on the weekend.  Leen asked for an opportunity to recover the notes.  Tanner refused.
London asked about when the conference on jury instructions would be held.  Tanner put considering that off for a day.
Court adjourned until Monday.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-11 04:12:45
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Fifth Day (fwd) 
Fifth Day:  Jim Bell Trial
Before the jury came in, Bell stood up and told the spectators that his attorney had relayed a threat to him from the US government.  The threat was directed at him and six members of his family, he claimed.  On Sunday,
 he said he tried to call 20 attorneys on the unmonitored attorney line at the Seatac Detention Center.  He also asked spectators to call Jonathan Solovy, 206-621-8777.
The jury was shown in and Bell took the stand again.
Bell had been quite affable, friendly, and forthcoming in his testimony on Friday.  In his testimony today, he was visibly upset.  His answers to questions posed by his own attorney were considerably less fluent, sometimes poorly constructed and, too often, not well thought out.
Upon taking the stand, Bell turned to the jury and told them that his attorney had made threats against him.  Some of the jury looked visibly shocked.
Despite this, Leen started asking Bell to explain why he was trying to find Mike McNall.  Bell said that he wanted to talk to him about Ryan Lund.  His research indicated that Lund was a government informer.  McNall was the only named agent involved in the search of Lund's home in 1997.
Leen himself was more abrupt with Bell.  While Leen (and Tanner) had allowed Bell to expound at length on Friday, on Monday Leen interrupted Bell more frequently, cutting Bell's answers short.  Tension was evident in Leen's Bell said that the end result of his research would be to report his findings to reporters John Branton at the Vancouver Columbian and John Painter at the Oregonian.
Leen asked Bell about the fax that Bell sent in October, 2000, to Jeff Gordon at his office.  In the fax, where Bell was trying to arrange delivery of his firearms to a qualified third party, he told Gordon that he could pick them up at Gordon's office or swing by Gordon's home.  That he mentioned coming by Gordon's home was the basis of Count 3 of the indictment.
Leen quizzed Bell about Count 4, based on Bell's action of driving to Bend,
 Oregon, to check out what he believed to be a potential CIA operation.  Bell wondered if the address listed in the .gov domain database was commercial or residential.
Bell addressed the Count 5 charge, where on November 10, 2000, he left a note on the Groener's cars to call Branton.  Bell said that he was familiar with the law enforcement trick of arresting someone on a Friday, so that they would be in jail and isolated through the weekend.  Since his home had been searched the previous Monday, he expected that he would be arrested that Friday.  So he drove down on Thursday night to leave a note for the only people that he'd actually contacted during his travels to try to get Branton to follow up on the McNall connection.
Concerning the "say goodnight to Joshua" email, Bell said that he wanted to turn the tables on those that he believed were closely monitoring him,
 proving that he could monitor them as well.  (Joshua is the son of a Jeffrey Gordon, not the IRS agent).  Bell said that he was convinced that federal agents had monitored him from two houses in his neighborhood, putting a small camera on one neighbor's house.
When talking about the Gordons, Bell admitted that he had stolen the mail from the Gordons' mailbox.  (He did this without prompting from his attorney; later his attorney told reporters that this had been quite a surprising Bell said that he wanted to further prove that his house was being watched.  He spoke of an incident where he stuffed some newspapers in his home's fireplace insert and lit them in plain view of a large picture window.  During the subsequent raid a few days later, agents asked Bell's mother if they could take a sample of ashes from the fireplace, though no such item was on the search warrant.  Bell believe that this confirms surveillance from a neighboring house.
Mr. Leen said he had only one more.  Bell spoke loudly:  "Mr Leen, you do not represent me at this point."  Bell said that he had six more hours of testimony, naming names, dates, incidents, and places where government agents had done surveillance on him.
Leen asked:  Have you committed any crimes?  Bell: "Other than the incident with the mail and traffic, certainly not!"
On cross-examination, London asked Bell if he thought he had committed any crimes.  Bell responded by saying that he no longer had representation, and that he reserved 5th amendment rights.
Tanner asked the jury to leave the room.
He asked Bell:  "Do you intend to voluntarily answer some questions from the government?"  Bell said that he would.
Leen moved for a mistrial, and asked for a psychiatric exam.  Both motions were denied.  Leen moved to withdraw as attorney.  Also denied.
The jury was recalled.
On questioning by London, Bell stated that he had a right to use the DMV database both as a first amendment issue and as a protective measure.  London asked what Scott Mueller had to do with protecting himself.  Bell responded it had nothing to do with it, that he was just checking out information.
London angrily demanded "How is it any of your business to take personal information and publish it?  To out Mr. Mueller or anyone else as a CIA agent on the internet?"
Bell defiantly replied:  "It's not MY business."  He said that he answers a lot of questions on the internet, and that he was merely curious.
London brought up a form that the DMV database vendor normally has people sign when purchasing the database.  Bell said that he certainly made no promise to the vendor that he would use the database only for commercial purposes.  London introduced a document that shipped with the database, a blank agreement to that effect.  Apparently Bell had never signed such an agreement, which in earlier years had not been required.
London mentioned Bell's conviction in 1997 on obstructing IRS laws by collecting the addresses of IRS agents.
Bell replied that most of the 1997 plea agreement, where he agreed with such statements, was not true because he signed the agreement because he had been threatened by two people, Billy Martin and Valdez Maxwell.
[Bell's attorney sank lower in his chair at this point; he was probably dismayed by his client's apparent self-destruction.]
Bell went on to say that Leen had conveyed a threat by Maxwell to him, and that Leen didn't want Bell to talk about surveillance in today's testimony.  Bell said that furthermore, he had been denied access to evidence.  (This was a valid claim by Bell; Tanner had issued a court order that while Leen could view prosecution evidence in pre-trial, Bell was not permitted to see it.)
London had Bell confirm a number of inflammatory emails written in 1996 about "Operation Locate IRS."
Bell continued to say that he couldn't be sure about the evidence, since he'd been denied access to it.
Asked if he had been accurately quoted in the Wired articles, Bell replied that he believed that McCullagh had accurately quoted him.
London asked Bell why he didn't file a motion to overturn the guilty plea?  Even though he's filed pro se motions in this case?  Bell replied that he didn't know that he could do that.
The jury recessed for lunch.
Tanner took a few minutes to chew out London for leaving the podium in the middle of a question.  London had frequently moved from the podium to the prosecution table to confer with Gordon during the proceedings, and Gordon often whispered in London's ear information or questions that London appeared to repeat when he went back to the podium.
The court recessed for lunch.
When the jury returned, London asked about the "Joshua" email.  Bell said that he posted the email to "test" whether agents had been following him.  He said that he didn't post the (other) Gordons' address to cypherpunks because it wasn't necessary.
London pointed out that Bell did not use the words "research" and "investigate" in some email that London read to the court.  Bell asked if it was necessary to mention those words in each and every email to validly investigate.  When London asked Bell if he understood the difference between a "duly sworn law enforcement officer" and himself when it came to investigation, Bell said that he investigated "because somebody has to do this."
Bell became increasingly defiant to London as the questioning progressed.
London asked what Bell did with the mail. After visiting the Gordons, Bell said that he started home, stopping at a McDonald's on the way.  There he opened the mail, copied some information into his notebook, and tossed the mail into a McDonald's trash can.
Bell was dismayed by the reception that he got from reporters.  He said that Branton seemed totally uninterested in his story, and that he had no luck interesting other people, including Declan McCullagh, in investigating the story, so he had to do it himself.  "Sometimes you have to take things into your own hands."
London asked Bell what he intended to do when he found Gordon's home address.  Bell said that he was going to picket Bell's home, and said that picketting was a time-honored method of protest.  Why not picket him at his office at the federal building in downtown Portland?  Bell responded that picketting outside such a big office building was ineffective.
London then asked about the concept of "plausible deniability" that had occasionally been discussed on the cypherpunks list.  Bell tried to explain the concept, but appeared emotionally strained and did not give a clear London then asked Bell about the financial affidavit that Bell filled out prior to getting a court-appointed attorney.  Bell said that he didn't have an attorney, that Leen no longer represented him.  Leen objects to London's line of questioning anyway on the grounds that it wasn't relevant to the case.  Denied.
London said that Bell did not disclose all sources of income.  Bell had a trust account maintained by Jay Marvin Benson, and received distributions of $2,000 per month during summer, 2000.  The trust owns 1,852 shares in the Templeton Emerging Markets Fund.
The jury was sent out.  Bell said that he declined to answer because he's not represented, and took the fifth amendment.  Leen objected, saying that the matter of Bell's affidavit was a collateral matter.  Tanner asked London:  "Isn't this beyond the scope of this examination?"  London said that the affidavit concerns Bell's credibility and that he had committed perjury.
Tanner:  "Isn't that a separate charge?"  London:  "Not yet."
Tanner said that London couldn't bring it up because it was not direct examination and upheld Leen's objection.
The jury was brought back in; Bell left the stand; the jury was dismissed for the day.
London and Leen then wrangled over the instructions Tanner would give to the jury the next day.  London proposed changing instructions for counts 1, 2, 4 and 5 to strike the words "injure and" from "crossing state lines to injure and harass."  He said that he believed at the start of the trial that the government could prove intent to do injury.
Leen wanted to include an instruction that speech which did not cause immediately lawless actions was covered by the first amendment, that investigation was covered by the first amendment.  He cited the recently overturned 9th District Planned Parenthood case.  London argued against including that instruction because Bell didn't just engage in speech, he took actions to find agents home addresses and post them to the internet.  Tanner asked: "Isn't that free speech?"  London said no, and said that whether Bell was engaging in free speech was a pre-trial matter, not for the jury to decide.
Leen cited Aguilar and other cases that ruled that first amendment decisions are at the discretion of the jury.
Tanner said that the first amendment argument could be invoked only if supported by the facts of the case.
Leen argued that the Common Law Court was a political body, and that Bell was exercising his freedom of speech when he talked about AP at their meetings.  Tanner asked him what the difference was between the cases where people killed abortion doctors and Bell's case.  Leen said the difference concerned the right to protest.  Tanner:  "Protest by committing illegal acts?"
London spoke up, saying that Bell could be charged because he trespassed on private property and stole mail.  And he crossed state lines.
Tanner asked if he knew of any cases at the appellate level, specifically the 9th circuit, that dealt with the consitutionality of the statutes under which Bell had been indicted.  London said that there were no cases in the ninth circuit, but the statutes had been found constitutional in the fourth and eighth circuit.
In response to London's statement that Bell trespassed on private property and stole mail, Leen said that neither the Gordons nor the Groeners were part of the counts.  Mr. Bell's intent was not to harass, although Mr. Bell was unstable.  "You have to take Mr. Bell as you find him."  Leen said that Bell's intent fits in with his political views.
London reiterated that the first amendment has never been used to justify trespass or mail theft.
Tanner disallowed the first amendment instruction.
Then he took up the matter of perjury:  Was it a question of law or a question of fact.  He said that it wasn't up to his court to decide it, and that it would have to be addressed by the district attorney.
Leen asked the court to put in an instruction to find specific intent.  London argued against that, saying that the ninth district disfavors specific intent.  Tanner denied.
Leen asked the judge to include an instruction that the jury not hold it against the defendant for invoking the fifth amendment.  The judge said it would be included.
Leen moved for dismissal based on unconstitutionality of the laws, and invoked Rule 29.  London argued that the faxing took many deliberate actions.  Tanner London pointed out to the judge that although the defendant claimed to be unrepresented, he continued to confer with counsel throughout the afternoon.
Court adjourned.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-11 05:27:27
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Sixth Day 
Sixth Day:  Jim Bell Trial
The judge started out by giving the jury a generally boilerplate set of Then London started his closing statement.  He re-read the counts, and covered what the prosecution has to prove.
He said that the government did not have to prove:
1. That the houses that Bell found were the correct houses for the people he was seeking.
2. That Bell had found the current home address of Gordon and McNall.
3. That Bell had gotten within a certain physical distance of Gordon and 4. That Bell was armed or actually dangerous.
5. That Bell intended to harm or had the physical ability to harm.
6. That the people that Bell checked out had to know that they were being pursued before being informed by Gordon.
London spoke of Bell's propensity for records collection, calling it the "obsessive" activity of "a grown man of 43 living with his parents."
London read count one again and encouraged the jurors to write down the numbers of the exhibits as he mentioned them.  He first listed exhibit 134,
 send 11/4 from Bell's home in Vancouver.  It had to be Bell's home, London said, because the email had Bell's IP address on it.
London said that if Bell had problems with surveillance or Ryan Lund, he should have filed a law suit, and gone through the "regular process."
London then tied more of the exhibits to the other counts.
London argued that the government didn't have to prove that Bell's only purpose was to harass, that the jury only had to find that one of his purposes was to harass."  London urged jurors to verify Bell's credibility and "what his intent was against his personal history over the last four or five years."
London noted the conflict between the secrecy that Bell wanted in his communications with McNall and Gordon and his postings on the internet and efforts to get John Branton to publish information about his investigations.
London then talked about the cypherpunks, "whose unifying belief is the encryption of email with keys or PGP.
"Why couldn't Bell send agent Gordon or agent McNall an encrypted email so that they could communicate and share the code between them?"  (At this point, it was clear that London has no idea how PGP works, to say nothing of the likelihood that agents McNall and Gordon have published their keys-
if they even have them.)
London brought in exhibits from 1996 that showed that Bell wanted to obtain and publish home address of IRS agents.  Bell hadn't changed his ways since then, and that "he still intended to harass."  Bell had failed to recant As far as Bell's intention to picket Gordon's house?  "What is the purpose?  The office is the appropriate place to picket?.  What is the purpose of picketing someone's house?  Harassment.  Purely harassment."
London accused Bell of trying to set up plausible deniability, which he defined as always being able to mask true intent, always being able to come up with a believable explanation for what one is trying to hide.  He said that Bell was not honest about his actions or intent, that he was engaging in plausible deniability, that Bell's research was to provide plausible deniability for harassment.
London discounted Bell's credibility because he was less cooperative on cross-examination than he was in answering questions from his own attorney.
London tagged AP as the basis for all episodes of harassment.  He said that AP was really closer than ten or fifteen years, because Bell had claimed in 1997 that it was seven to 10 years away.  (This was an interesting play on "if you kill the messenger, you kill the idea" theory, an interesting attempt since on the internet, everything stays up forever according to the prosecution.)
At this point, Bell said, "You're lying."  Tanner asked him if he wished to be removed?"  Bell apologized.  Tanner, miffed, said "Forget about apologies!  Do you wish to remain?"  Bell responded "I wish to address the jury."  Tanner said that he didn't ask that, that he asked if Bell wished to stay.  Bell meekly said that he wished to stay.
The judge declared a 15 minute break.  As Bell was being escorted by US marshalls from the courtroom, he tried to hand a document to McCullagh and was prevented by the marshalls from doing so.  Bell protested, "You've allowed me to talk to him before, why can't I talk to him now?"
When court reconvened, London tied up his closing statement.  He pointed to Bell's mention of PCBs in an email on 10/24/2000, shortly before he took actions.  London said that the evidence established Bell's intent not beyond a reasonable doubt, but beyond any doubt.
"Bell did not get the message because it came from people he does not trust-
judges and law enforcement.  Now he needs to hear it from people he does trust-12 ordinary citizens."  London asked the jury to convict Bell on all five counts.
Leen started his closing statement by calling his client a brilliant man with a brilliant mind, a disturbed mind.
He told the jurors that they had to follow Tanner's instruction to follow the law as the judge gave it, that the jurors must not be influenced by likes or dislikes.  Then he tore into London's last statement:  "If a man is scary or poses a future danger, it's not your job to deliver the government's message to Mr. Bell."
The jury was only there to decide if the defendant is guilty or not guilty only on the charges, and was not on trial for anything else.  Mr. Bell was not on trial for common law court membership, for writing Assassination Politics, for writing "Operation Locate IRS," visits to Groener or the other Certain things, Leen said, are not evidence.  Attorney arguments are not evidence.  Jurors decide what to believe based on common sense.
Leen defined circumstantial evidence.  In this case, jurors have to deal with circumstantial evidence.
The jury was there to find guilt, "not to find that the defendant is wrong,
 bad, or scary."
Then Leen went through each count, saying that the government had not proved Bell's intent.
Leen called his client's mental state into question.  He said that people feared someone like Bell "because they think normally? they don't think like Mr. Bell thinks."  He asked the jury how they know intent.  "Mr. Bell was trying to prove that the cause of the failure of his life was not his own but the government's."  Bell's intent was to put the puzzle together and prove his case to people who would listen.
Leen said that the government had to prove intent.  Bell's thought processes were different than normal, and that the government's use of plausible deniability was a bald attempt to get the jury to believe that Bell was lying.  But Bell was telling the truth as he knows the truth.
The only decision that the jurors had was "Did Mr. Bell have a certain mental intent, and intent to harass?"
Leen said that his client was difficult to interview for defense preparation,
 that Bell claimed that Leen threatened to kill him and his family.
"I don't mock him, I pity him?  Look to the evidence.  Just because it's reasonable for Jeff Gordon to be afraid doesn't mean that Bell had an intent?.  The government has failed to proved beyond a reasonable doubt that Mr. Bell's purpose was to harass, and that purpose was to expose, to prove that he was right."
London got the last word in, according to Federal Court rules.  He brought up two points:
1. Mr. Leen characterized Bell as having a flawed mind.  This was not London's characterization.  He said that Bell knew the difference between right and 2. "Mr. Bell's investigation to the extent that it took him to the doorsteps of people that he found was a form of harassment."  Bell committed a crime just by entering onto private property.  "Bell had to know that collecting addresses of IRS agents was itself harassment."
Tanner then issued his last four instructions:
1. The jury had to decide what testimony to believe.  In doing so, they were to consider a) was the witness able to see or hear the evidence that they testified to; b) was the witness accurately able to recall the evidence; c) what the witness' manner was; d) witness bias or prejudice; e) reasonableness of testimony; and f) whether the witness' testimony was contradicted by other evidence.
2. The weight of each side's case was not determined by the number of witnesses.
3. The jury cannot consider the punishment when deciding on a verdict.
4. The verdict must be unanimous.
Two jurors were then excused.  They both smiled and looked relieved.
The jury went into the jury room at 1:30.  At 3:30 they passed a note to the judge, saying that they wanted a definition of intent, and that they wanted a legal dictionary and the legal definition of intent.
Dictionaries aren't allowed in the jury room.  Leen moved that the court provide a definition of intent.  London objected, saying that the definition was in the instructions as knowledge.  Leen suggested to the judge that he define intent as "acting with object and purpose to commit a crime."  London:  "Tell them it's in the instructions."  Tanner decided to tell the jurors that the definition is in the instructions.
At 4:30 p.m., the jurors passed a note to the judge.  Bell was brought back to the courtroom, and while waiting, he joked that he expected to be acquitted on some counts, that the jury "would split the baby down the middle."
The judge re-entered the courtroom at 5 p.m., and read the note.  The jurors had voted unanimously for a guilty verdict on counts 2 and 3, and were hung 11 to 1 on the remaining counts.
Tanner sent the jury back to the jury room.
Tanner brought up that there was a form issue in the note (which becomes part of the court record).  Leen said that the note published the count of the juror's votes and moved for a mistrial.  Denied.
Tanner asked about the law on partial verdicts.  He decided to call the jury back in and poll them on counts two and three and the form of the verdict,
 and have the jury fill out the proper form.
The jury was polled and excused.  None looked happy, and none had looked at Bell during either before, during, or after the polling.
Tanner set sentencing for July 6.
Leen moved for dismissal of counts 1, 4 and 5.  London asked Tanner to dismiss without prejudice so that the government could refile the counts.  Tanner dismissed without prejudice.
Leen moved to dismiss counts 2 and 3 on the basis of jury prejudice.  Denied.
Tanner granted Leen 10 days to file for a new trial.
London said that he wanted the court proceedings copy back from the defense.  He moved to have Bell's notebook and other exhibits sealed.
Tanner:  "I don't think I have the authority to do that.  Do I?"  London:  "I'm not sure."  Tanner:  "Order [to seal] goes [applies] to jurors, period."
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-11 19:22:28
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: GPS bugs (was: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd)) 
attached London devices. of Other speculation was that it might have been inside a vinyl bumper.
car, but
Gordon's testimony was that it was a continuously-transmitting bug.  Which of course brought up the question of the power supply.
The bug transmitted on an RF frequency.  Bell had mentioned to friends that he believed that he had been bugged, but lacking an RF frequency analyzer,
 he had been unable to find the bug.  He apparently was concerned that both his house and car were bugged.  Although why he didn't hire the services of a "bug-sweeper" is beyond me.
The power supply was a considerable source of speculation.  If the bug had been attached to the battery, then it would have been much more detectable.  Stories had it that Bell had checked under the hood; it would not take more than a VOM to detect a discharge.
There was no discussion of military bits vs. civilian bits, rather military grade vs. civilian grade.
And some degree of skepticism has to be attached to the court testimony.  It was painfully clear that the prosecutor had little handle on technical issues, and that even the agent who bugged Bell's car had limited knowledge of how the device worked.  Some of the descriptions given in court about how GPS works were clearly wrong.
If you weren't on the radar before, you are now.
So are you planning on rooming with Jim or C.J.?
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-11 21:27:04
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: The Theory of the corporation 
Or, as Steve Gilliard even more succinctly put it:  ""...the reason that some of us are more concerned about government power than about corporate power is that Coca Cola very rarely strafes the villages of Pepsi drinkers."
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-11 22:18:47
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: GPS bugs (was: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd)) 
That idea had occurred to me--something solid state that could be rolled up, twisted around (somewhat), and stuck into some nook or cranny.
Remember that we're dealing with the testimony of techno-naive people.  On the other hand, maybe all that the IRS gets is leftovers.
I was wondering that myself.
would No doubt such a device could broadcast continuously for some time; however it would be difficult to hide from a determined, even if amateur, searcher.
It would make sense for the device to have a motion sensor built in.  The power it would require at rest to maintain a "sleep mode" would barely register on a VOM.
Kind of tough.  I've been thinking in terms of embedding various silent tamper sensors.
Considering that he'd just taken CJ's computer, I wonder if he didn't deserve The one thing that has struck me about this case is how many of Jim Bell's computers have been seized over the years and not returned.  Even computers which federal agents testified in court were not used by Bell.
Bell's parents use email themselves, so the seizure of all the computers not only targets Jim, it deprives his innocent parents of access.
Collateral damage, I suppose.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at

@_date: 2001-04-16 22:07:26
@_author: auto211076@hushmail.com 
@_subject: Our spy plane, and... 
A court order had been obtained prior to attachment of the device.
Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at
