
@_date: 1997-07-14 09:20:52
@_author: autosavr@albany.net 
@_subject: Subj:  Kiwanis Club Update (7/97) 
E-Mail News Service (E.N.S.) of Clifton Park, NY USA
Top Story: Clubs Are Making Big Bucks With
The Kiwanis Car Care Fund-Raising Program!
--- Kiwanis clubs all over the country are signing up to participate
 in one of the most profitable fund-raising programs around!  The Kiwanis Car Care Fund-Raiser is a fully licensed Kiwanis fund-raiser, and produces unbelievable profits for clubs of all sizes.
    The Kiwanis Car Care Fund-Raiser is able to reach over 231,000,000 car owners, all of which want to keep their cars
 looking new.  Your club can get started right away by calling 1-800-724-8155, or by looking up
  on the World Wide Web.
Related News: Kiwanis Car Care Manufacturer Has Over 9 Successful Years In The Automotive Appearance Business!
--- The manufacturer of the Kiwanis Car Care Fund-Raiser is AutoSaver Systems, located in Clifton Park, NY.  They have been in business for over 9 years, providing high quality automotive
 appearance products to car care professionals world wide.
    "We started our company a while back, and turned it into a success.  We're confident that we can provide the same level of high quality products for Kiwanis, and help them become successful at fund-raising.  Any Kiwanis club, in any area of the country can raise money for their community with the Kiwanis Car Care Fund-Raising Program..."  - Warren Camp, President of AutoSaver Systems
    AutoSaver Systems provides factory direct convienence and pricing (no middlemen).  The Kiwanis Car Care Fund-Raiser is competitively priced with similar store bought products, and literally has
 "Kiwanis" written all over it!  For full details, check out their web site at
 or by calling 1-800-724-8155.
    If you have received this message in error, and are not affiliated with Kiwanis, send mail to autosavr at albany.net and type "REMOVE" in the subject heading.  This will remove you from the E.N.S. news list.
E.N.S. of Clifton Park, NY USA
July Edition 1997
                  Kiwanis Members Only
