
@_date: 1993-08-23 02:11:28
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Remailers, pgp and SMTP. 
Perhaps this has been discussed before (I am often guilty of
Not Paying Attention(tm)), but would security not be improved
for the remailers if people used some simple software to
connect to the remailer via socket 25 and send the message that way,
rather than leaving log files on their host?
For remailers run from student account security could be increased by
doing the same; preventing log files by using direct SMTP connections?
Of course these security gains could be circumvented by root (on the
remailer) in several different ways, but it would take much more work
I would think.
Hell, it could be that the remailers already do this (I don't have the
code) but I doubt if many people send mail to the remailers by connecting
to port 25 of the host.

@_date: 1993-08-25 06:35:37
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Attacks on remailers 
> Response: Encrypt the messages.  Use "nesting", so that all that is
   > visible as each message leaves a remailer is the destination of the
   > next remailer.
   This should be made smoother.  The learning curve needed to
   get to this stage : install PGP & get it working, learn
   how to use remailers, install remailer nesting script, debug
   all of the above, because something in there is bound to
   break at this stage : quite a lot of work!  Just
   improving things up to here with clearer documentation,
   and better scripts and GUIs, would greatly increase the number
   of remailer users and traffic.
Working on it. (NeXT version at least.)
   Here's another item: faster links!  The delay between
   when I post this and when it arrives on "cypherpunks" can
   be half a day.    What about that idea of using direct sockets instead of
   SMTP between remailers?  That could kill two birds with one stone:
   delivery speed and cheap attacks against the intermediate
   links via logging or spool files.
Actually what I was proposing was the direct usage of SMTP itself rather
than going through the host machine's mail system. As anyone can do it,
it would help with the usage of student accounts as remailers.
And with direct SMTP (socket connections to port 25 of the receiving machine)
you have some control over the header information that is generated.
The protocol is outlined in RFC821 if anyone wants to look at it.
So that's 4 birds with one stone:
Earlier it was noted that traffic analysis worked for the a.s.a.r. remailer
to find the sender of messages by checking the logs on the machine
that the messages were originally from. With a simple utility someone could
submit mail directly to the remailer host using sockets, and so leave little
trace on their host of having done so.
I'm working on the tiny utility to send mail via socket 25
(I'm sure it has been done many times before, and is probably already
available somewhere. Is no big deal.)
School is of course stealing my time.
(is the remailer source code available on soda?)

@_date: 1993-08-25 15:42:14
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: INFO: smoking gun? 
From: talon57 at well.sf.ca.us (Brian D Williams)
   Date: 	Wed, 25 Aug 1993 14:28:12 -0700
    "According to sources at the National Security Agency, on the
   morning of July 13, 1982, the NSA had intercepted commercial
   communications from the Washington office of Mitsubishi to the
   Japanese Foreign Ministry in Tokyo. The NSA monitors fifty-three
   thousand communication signals in the United States every day. They
I haven't had a chance to read the book, but is this referring to the
*supposed* "project harvest"? (a supposed NSA project to automate the
wiretapping and flagging of phone conversations by voice-recognition
software (ie key words trigger conversations being bumped to human
   usually aren't reviewed by analysts, however, unless the signal
   carries a message with a signature-a key word or phrase that
   triggers a computer to transcribe the communication. Any word that
   might signal confidential or classified government information
   triggers the transcribing system."
     from Friendly spies, page 90.
     looks like a smoking gun to me......
(for all I know this is mere paranoia (the "project harvest") so no flames
about the obvious "fringe factor" involved here. Just wanting to know if the
book "Friendly Spies" (unavailable in my university library as of yet) mentions this.)

@_date: 1993-08-26 00:35:43
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Attacks on remailers 
I think this is probably the best solution proposed to date.
Does the RSA-signed DH key exchange mentioned above provide security
against possible spoofing on the remailer machine (someone else using the
agreed-upon port)? How exactly would such a thing be implemented?
On the user side, I think a good tool to augment this would be a
mailer program which kept a list of the functioning remailers with
keys, and randomly selected a route through them using a random
(reasonable) number of hops, and performing the necessary nested
encryptions.  Then it could start the remailer hopping process via
special socket connection to the first remailer in the chain.
Perhaps a protocol could be worked out for the mailer program to
request from any one of the remailers a current list of the
functioning remailers? (in an effort to transparentize the process
some more, as manually maintaining a list of current remailers would
be tedious.)
We would need to work out the protocol details beforehand, such as how
to handle busy ports etc.
(Who wants to work on this project with me?)
Can someone supply a reference for DH key exchange? (for me, as I don't
know the details and so can't implement it. (is it patented?))

@_date: 1993-08-27 03:55:54
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Attacks on remailers (LONG) 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but as I see it, there are two goals
for the remailers:
(1) 	Anonymous addresses to which mail can be sent, but the recipient
(2)	The ability to send mail to someone without anyone (including
Number 2 can be mostly taken care of with nested encryption of mail headers.
Using the method you mentioned above of including a key to encrypt the
body of the message nested inside each level of nested encryption
would take care of the above problem (having to completely trust the
last remailer) and restore the "chain is as strong as its strongest
link" principle.
This would complicate slightly complicate the final decryption for the
anonymous recipient (having to decrypt the body of the message with each
key in turn.) New software tools could need to be written for
the recipients as well as the sender to handle this easier.
A "anonymous address block" similar to the pgp signature blocks
would be helpful for automating the sending of mail to anonymous
To construct an anonymous address block might be something like:
The appropriate software tools would allow someone to reply
to an anonymous address using this "anonymous address block".
True, but it would also protect against attack 2 in your "Attacks on
remailers" post -- the mail log problem.
I think it would be fairly simple to include in the next-remailer-address
whether or not to use normal mail channels (for uucp remailers)
or to use socket nnnn connection to the remailer (for the ones
that are capable.)
The socket connections to other remailers would use a special port
number. For the last connection (to the recipient) could be either
by socket 25 connection or normal mail, whichever works (preferrably
socket 25.)
I haven't seen a machine that doesn't allow just anyone to
connect to port 25. (is there some new authentication protocol
for this that I missed?)
So the attacks and defenses as outlined by hal (with some additions):
(1) Reading the "request-remailing-to" lines in the message to determine
where it is going.
Defeats remailer goal Defense: can be defeated by nesting the remailer encryption.
(2) Reading mail logs to plot the path of a message.
Defeats remailer goals 1 and 2.
Defense: bypass mail systems on remailer hosts, using special
port socket connection communication wherever possible; run remailers
only on systems that do not keep mail logs.
(3) Monitor messages in real time flowing in and out of remailers,
This is a variation of attack 2, and can defeat both remailer goals.
Defense: Batch remailing messages in a manner which frustrates analysis;
(4) Read header info and check message size for remailer input/output
Variation of attack 2, and can defeat both remailer goals.
Defense: Do not preserve any header information; pad messages to remove size
(5) Inject a clone of a message into the remailer stream, and look for
Another variation of attack 2.
Defense: Check for duplicate messages in the remailer and remove all
(6) Insert duplicate messages in the input stream in seperate batches,
Same problem as (5) really.
Defense: Timestamp the messages so they are only good for a number of days,
I don't like this defense.
Who would make the timestamp?
Where would you put the timestamp?
How would you prevent spoofing?
padded/altered the message before sending on to the next remailer, it
would defend against this line of attack -- so two identical messages
going into a remailer would come out differently. This is where DH key
exchange could be fruitful (with random session keys for each
message.)  (Assuming that the remailers don't know each other's RSA
keys. If they did, then they could simply encrypt a random session key
with the other's key and encrypt the message with the key also, and
ship them both over to the next remailer.)
(7): Look at all messages coming out of the first remailer, and
follow them into their 2nd remailers; take all messages from those and
follow them on, and so on.  This will eventually lead to a number of
destinations, one of which must have been the destination of the original
message.  Over a period of time, look for correlations between destinations
and sources.
Defense: Use large remailer chains of popular remailers.  With enough
mixing at each stage of the chain, the number of possible destinations
will become astronomically large, making correlations statistically
impossible; use of dummy messages to pad flow rate to constant
would increase the difficulty of such an attack (would hide the signal
deeper in the noise.); such an attack (PROLONGED monitoring of all
remailers) would be very difficult to perform, esp. with use of
remailer-remailer socket connections.
(8): Correlate messages being sent from person A with messages being
received a certain time later by person B.  Even without the ability to
track messages through the remailers this can show a communication pattern.
Defense: Send dummy messages at regular intervals, which bounce through
the remailer network and then die.  When you have a real message to send,
replace one of the dummies with this.  The sender's traffic pattern is
then constant and no information can be gained from it.
(9): Bribe or coerce one or more remailer operators into revealing
their keys, or into decrypting the desired messages.  Alternatively, run
many remailers, pretending to be dedicated to privacy, while secretly
gathering information on the messages.
Defense: Use many remailers in a variety of geographical locations, so
that it is unlikely that all of them can be corrupted in this way.
There is another attack scenario, a variation of (9) that
has not really been discussed.
(10)The problem begins with the fact that anonymous addresses are
essentially timeless. While you are safe as long as one remailer is
not compromised ("chain being as strong as its strongest link"), your
anonymous address block is "eternal" in that it lasts as long as the
remailers themselves. other end of an anonymous address.  This "determined power" could
coerce each remailer to in turn strip its encryption from the
anonymous address block, and TAKE AS LONG AS IT NEEDED with each
remailer to do this.
expire and BE DESTROYED after a set period of time. When it's time to
expire the old key pair, a remailer could generate a new key pair, and
sign the new public key with the old secret key (assuring it came from
the remailer) and then destroy the old secret key completely. All
remailers would have to do this fairly synchronized, in order for anon
addresses to be useable. (Can't have one key in the chain expiring
new remailer keys (and hopefully a new remailer path as well!).
expire and be deleted before the "determined power" could manage to coerce
ALL the remailers in the anonymous address block's remailer chain to
strip off their respective encryption layers.  (coercion/key
(ie "Sorry.. can't decrypt this for you.. the key was automatically
destroyed 6 days ago...")
the re-generation of anonymous address blocks, with (hopefully)
new remailer chains attached to them.
Other possibilities for increasing the security and the difficulty of
(1)	Allow for encrypted header blocks (either in the anonymous
address block or in the sender's encrypted header block) to contain
commands to remailers to split the message into pieces (either just
cutting it up, or ripping it into 2 or more pieces connected by XOR's
or whatever) and send out via different paths (path "forking") to be
reassembled at the end.
not be too bad to reassemble for the anonymous address blocks, but
would be hard to deal with for the sender-anonymity version (at the
receiver end.)
(2) 	Implement a remailer web that is constantly connected via
sockets, with a near-constant-volume encrypted byte stream, with rapidly
changing keys and mixing of fake data and real data.
would defeat attacks 2,3,4,5,6, and would make attack 7 harder.
drain on the computational and bandwidth resources of the remailer
hosts. (student accts would be out.)
Sorry, this was longer than I thought it would be (trying to be as complete
as I can.)

@_date: 1993-08-27 21:48:30
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Attacks on remailers (LONG) 
Samuel> Correct me if I'm wrong, but as I see it, there are two goals
Samuel> for the remailers:
Samuel> (1) 	Anonymous addresses to which mail can be sent, but the recipient
Samuel> 	is unknown and cannot be determined (receiving anonymous mail).
Samuel> (2)	The ability to send mail to someone without anyone
Samuel> (including 	the recipient) determing that you did so
Samuel> (sending anonymous mail).
Samuel> Number 2 can be mostly taken care of with nested encryption of
Samuel> mail headers.
Samuel> To construct an anonymous address block might be something like:
Samuel> 	Anonymous Anne wants an anonymous address.
Samuel> 	First she generates a set of N keys (IDEA, DES or .......
I don't see why some of the keys need to be public key pairs.
The intermediate encryptions done by the remailers are only to be
undone by the anonymous recipient correct?
So why would one part of the keys need to be published?
(the anonymous address block would have these keys sealed in the various
nested encryption levels, as you said.)
..and discussing them! (as we are doing now.)

@_date: 1993-08-28 03:03:02
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: REMAIL: Attacks on remailers (LONG (again)) 
enough", but I want to ask if this problem of defending against attack
(7) should be considered a problem for the remailer web to handle at
all. I think this should be a problem for the authors of anonymous address
blocks and sender-anonymous headers blocks, and the software used to
do such.
impediment to implementing a remailer web. If we delegate resolution
of that problem (as complex a defense as you want) to software to
create encrypted headers, then people can have as good a defense to
this attack as they deem reasonable. (ie protection against this is
responsibility of remail users rather than the remail net.)
implement the remailers with the ability to process simple commands
that are revealed when the remailer strips off its layer of encryption
of the encrypted header (or anonymous address block).
would be instructions to encrypt the message body with with a supplied
key.  This is to defeat the previously discussed problem of trusting
the remailers themselves (run your own remailer and send mail to anon
address, and look for a copy of your message to pass through.)
tell the remailer to hold the message 15 minutes before sending on.)
random function that could be used to randomize aspects of the
message's path, layered encryption, or time delay.
#     3 choices^    ^seed
 header blocks would contain the next remailer to use, the
 header to send along with the message, and the key to encrypt
 message with (if this is an anonymous address block we are talking about)
 would tell the remailer to wait between some minimum and
 seconds to send the message along (along with the seed of 9842 for  random function.
The randomness should be seeded by both the message and the remailer,
and if using randomly selectly keys to encrypt with (from a list),
some indication of which one was used (1, 2, or 3 etc) should be
included with the message, perhaps tacked onto the end of the message
after encryption (in a remailer->recipient data block ?), possibly
encrypted to the anonymous recipient using their key (included in this
Commands could of course be nested, to create as complex a routing
specification as desired.
While this may seem overly complicated, most of it could be
handled fairly transparently by the user software.
drawback of very large anonymous address blocks (containing multiply
encrypted, command driven headers, path branches etc.)
servers" which which the user software could, when mailing to an anon
address (ie "anon7462849") query to get the associated anonymous
address block (which being signed by the anonymous recipient would
assure its authenticity) and connect to the first remailer in the
chain as specified by the anon address block, all handled
transparently, possibly including handling sender-anonymity header
work as well.
the simplification of handling anonymous address block- all the user
would need to know is the name and public key of the anonymous persona.
proposed previously. The anonymous address server could be synched
with the remailers to erase all the anonymous addresses when the
remailer keys are replaced.
the new public keys to all the remailers from somewhere (maybe even
the anon address server itself ?) which were signed with the old
secret keys to assure their authenticity, and construct a new
anonymous address block, which would then be encrypted with the
anonymous address server's key, and submitted to the server via
sender-anonymous mail.
header as often as they wanted (although being forced to when the
remailer keys expire), changing the path specification to frustrate
statistical path analysis.
analysis of the message traffic, software to create anonymous address
blocks and construct sender-anonymous headers could be correspondingly
improved, without having to rewrite the remailer software.
I know this appears to be quite a bit of software work, but if and when
we get the protocols agreed upon, *I* will work on it as much as I can,
and I hope others would work on it also (whatever system is accepted/agreed
upon -- be it this or something else.)
The software system I've proposed includes (so far):
Anonymous Address Creation Software:
Anonymous Mail Reader:
think the first steps would be remailer socket communication, and
simple anonymous address and sender-anonymity header construction
Comments/Suggestions/Improvements/Criticisms necessary and welcome.
(yeah I know.. it's easy to "propose" something -- but I'm willing to
actually invest significant effort and time in it also, for what it's worth.)
Sam Pigg                                  "UnAmused" by the USGovCo.
b44729 at achilles.ctd.anl.gov          dt1acaca at cfraix.cfr.usf.edu
PGP Key Fingerprint: ED A7 49 33 65 90 9A BD A4 E4 C5 92 5A 00 BC 6C

@_date: 1993-07-21 05:00:54
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Chicago area cypherpunks? 
Is there a Chicago area cypherpunks group/meeting time/place?
(or have I just not been paying attention..?)

@_date: 1993-07-27 00:31:05
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Alpha testers wanted: GNU Emacs, RMAIL, and PGP 
Date: Mon, 26 Jul 93 23:28:36 PDT
   From: jpp at markv.com
   Sender: jpp at markv.com
     I have just finished writing a fancy new package for GNU Emacs
   (pgpmail).  It requires PGP, RMAIL, and sendmail.  You must be able to
   run a program from within Emacs.  Pgpmail automaticaly checks message
   signatures and decrypts messages, it helps automate signing outgoing
   messages (and strips the signatures a bit too!).  Pgpmail also helps
   fix a known security hole -- it doesn't send you passphrase on the
   command line, but uses the environment instead.
I may be missing something, but isn't this less secure than using the
command line? Anyone on the system can do a "ps -e" whilst you are
encrypting to get the environment of the pgp process.
If you use the -z option to pass the passphrase to pgp, that argument
gets cleared by pgp immedaitely when it executes, so it is not
available for very long.
An even better way would be to use the file descriptor method of
giving the passphrase to pgp.
Not sure how you would do this in elisp, but that's how I did it in
NXPGP (pgp front end for NeXT). Well, the newest version anyway, which
is still being beta tested (anyone want to help?).

@_date: 1993-07-27 01:26:07
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Alpha testers wanted: GNU Emacs, RMAIL, and PGP 
From: skyhawk at cpac.washington.edu
   Date: Tue, 27 Jul 93 0:52:36 PDT
   X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.3 PL0]
   > From: jpp/daemon (jpp at markv.com)
   > Subject: Alpha testers wanted: GNU Emacs, RMAIL, and PGP
   >    > [...]  Pgpmail also helps fix a known security hole -- it doesn't send you
   > passphrase on the command line, but uses the environment instead.
   The security-conscious way to send something to a subprocess is to use a pipe.
   Looking at environment variables requires just a single extra flag to ps(1).
   If PGP can't be set up to use a pipe to get the passphrase, it would be best to
   modify PGP to clear its arguments when it's done getting a copy of them.
It already does clear the passphrase argument when using -z, but it's
trivial to use a file descriptor to send the passphrase to pgp, either
using the PGPPASSFD environment variable to give it the descriptor, or
if PGPPASSFD is 0, then pgp will look on the first line of piped input
for the passphrase.  (check out pgp.c)

@_date: 1993-07-27 03:31:08
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Alpha testers wanted: GNU Emacs, RMAIL, and PGP 
Your program, if you are using it to send these messages, may be sending
out two copies of each message.
Here is a diff of the last two messages you sent:
< From jpp at markv.com Tue Jul 27 05:22:35 1993
They are identical except for one being sent 6 seconds after the other.
and here is a diff of the previous pair:
< From jpp at markv.com Tue Jul 27 05:26:11 1993
Same here, but four seconds after the other.

@_date: 1993-09-03 18:30:31
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Remailer Reliability 
By breaking a message into pieces and sending them via different paths
to the same destination ("path forking"), this can only make traffic
analysis easier, because all the pieces lead to the same destination,
and you can follow any of them to get to the anonymous recipient.
But there *is* a way this could be useful: implementing a "kill message"
remailer command for pieces that have been forked off from the
original message. This way, a message could split itself into pieces
(or duplicate itself with a different header) and the attacker would
have to determine which one to try to follow to the recipient (or
follow them all), as only one will arrive there and the rest would die
after a number of remailer hops.
I really think that non-deterministic "smart messages" are the way to
go here. A simple command language for the remailers would allow
the header construction software already being worked on by
ebrandt at jarthur.Claremont.EDU (CRM) and others to use tricks
like this to defend against attacks. header construction software and needs. People who need "minimal"
anonymity would have simpler anonymous address blocks, as compared to
those who require "serious" anonymity, and the remailers themselves
would have a lighter load (not having to implement very serious
security for *all* messages-- just those that need it).
not requiring the remailers to be constantly rewritten as new schemes
are conceived for foiling remailer attack (well, for the most part.)
Sam Pigg                                  dt1acaa at cfraix.cfr.usf.edu
samp at renoir.cftnet.com               b44729 at achilles.ctd.anl.gov
PGP Key Fingerprint: ED A7 49 33 65 90 9A BD A4 E4 C5 92 5A 00 BC 6C

@_date: 1993-09-03 22:15:35
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Remailer Reliability 
Not necessarily. If the "post this message to alt.remailer" command
for a smart message were executed via splitting off another message
with its own encrypted header and path through the remailers to an
anonymous posting service. (as suggested by miron at extropia.wimsey.com)
I agree this could certainly be a problem (esp. executed as above.)
No I'm not implying that. But there really isn't any way doing that
could make such an analysis *harder*, as by splitting pieces of the
message off, you have multiple parts all going to the same
destination.  This gives the attacker redundant paths to follow,
and if the attacker can trace *any* message, he can discover
the identity of the recipient. There would be no "dead-ends" for
the attacker. (when I say "follow" I don't necessarily mean follow
in a literal sense, but any traffic based statistical analysis.)
I agree this is the major problem, with the current state of the
remailers, but it may not be a problem with a stable remailer web and
an "anonymous address server" (see my long laborious boring posts
regarding this from about a week ago.)
I don't think so. This way there is only one (or a few) paths that
actually would lead to the recipient, and many "blind alleys" for an
attacker to follow. With the multiple-pieces-same-destination scheme
*any* one path would be enough to determine the recipient.
I'm not saying that CRM actually uses a command language (it can't--
nothing has been agreed upon/worked out yet!) but tools like CRM
would be able to use a remailer command language to tailor the
message's (or anonymous address block's) anonymity protection.
See that same long, boring post I made about a few suggestions
for what such a language could contain/be useful with.
A remailer command language could include instructions to
specify how long to hold this message (possibly to be combined
with some remailer batching functions.)
Sam Pigg                                  dt1acaa at cfraix.cfr.usf.edu
samp at renoir.cftnet.com               b44729 at achilles.ctd.anl.gov
PGP Key Fingerprint: ED A7 49 33 65 90 9A BD A4 E4 C5 92 5A 00 BC 6C

@_date: 1993-09-03 22:55:35
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Mistake (CRM's author == Alex Strasheim)! 
Oops! ebrandt at jarthur.Claremont.EDU is the return address of the remailer
that sent the message from astrashe at nyx.cs.du.edu (Alex Strasheim),
who is the author of CRM.
My mistake.
(thankfully pointed out by Liam David Gray )
Sam Pigg                                  dt1acaa at cfraix.cfr.usf.edu
samp at renoir.cftnet.com               b44729 at achilles.ctd.anl.gov
PGP Key Fingerprint: ED A7 49 33 65 90 9A BD A4 E4 C5 92 5A 00 BC 6C

@_date: 1993-09-03 23:35:35
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: No Subject 
>C'punks, it seems to me that the anonymous pool idea is underutilized
 >by the remailers. I suggest that a remailer variation be developed that
 >posts to an anonymous pool (some appropriate obscure newsgroup)
 MC> No need to change anything.  Just add a pool address to the
 MC> "Request-remailing-to:" line.
 MC> Miron Cuperman No, I think that julf's remailer is the only *anonymous* posting
facility (heck there might be more *now*.) But there are several (last
I checked) non-anonymous mail->news gateways on the net, and if used
from a remailer, the only address the mail->news gateway would have is
the remailer's.
capability also. (probably not a good idea, as I doubt many of the
remailer admins would want to suffer throught the controversy that
Julf has had to) but it's up to them.
Sam Pigg                                  dt1acaa at cfraix.cfr.usf.edu
samp at renoir.cftnet.com               b44729 at achilles.ctd.anl.gov
PGP Key Fingerprint: ED A7 49 33 65 90 9A BD A4 E4 C5 92 5A 00 BC 6C

@_date: 1993-09-07 05:02:29
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Remailer Reliability 
Ok.. I'll rewrite it:
The point is that header contruction software would be able to use the
remailer command language in the header contruction to custom tailer
some of the defense against statistical and traffic based remailer
Sam Pigg                                  dt1acaa at cfraix.cfr.usf.edu
samp at renoir.cftnet.com               b44729 at achilles.ctd.anl.gov
PGP Key Fingerprint: ED A7 49 33 65 90 9A BD A4 E4 C5 92 5A 00 BC 6C

@_date: 1993-09-08 19:22:09
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: Viacrypt export? 
I wouldn't, but most corporations don't like purchasing software without
the safety blanket of commercial support. (At least in the states. I assume
it's the same in europe.)
Sam Pigg                                  dt1acaa at cfraix.cfr.usf.edu
samp at renoir.cftnet.com               b44729 at achilles.ctd.anl.gov
PGP Key Fingerprint: ED A7 49 33 65 90 9A BD A4 E4 C5 92 5A 00 BC 6C

@_date: 1993-09-22 06:48:30
@_author: Samuel Pigg 
@_subject: a horrible conspiracy revealed! 
> I wonder what the significance of L. Detweiler's name is? Obviously
 > its a Germanic name. Perhaps he's a Nazi... in fact, he might be the
I guess you didn't get it huh? I'm really sick of the flame wars on here, but this one had me laughing
on the floor.
But then again, PERHAPS it *WAS* a forgery.. by the BACKBONE cabal...
in COLLABORATION with THE masons AND the ILLUMINATI!!!!!!!! AND....
(insert some more paranoid conspiracy rantings with every other word
in all caps and wildly excessive exclamation points....)
... in an EFFORT the DISCREDIT the MOVEMENT!!!! Let us RALLY together
BROTHERS to FIGHT the EVIL conspiracy that THREATENS our very LIVES!!!!!!!
(BEFORE its too LATE!)
Oh yes.. I agree.. we should split this list.. into:
cypherpunks-list (original charter)
     and
cypherparanoid-list (for those that want to robo-repost articles from other
                     newsgroups with paranoid comments.)
(no smiley)
