
@_date: 1997-01-07 06:09:41
@_author: Bernie Doehner 
@_subject: The Upcoming DES Challenge 
You have got to be kidding!
Where are you getting this "idea" from? Since when is recovering the
plaintext following and preceeding the known plaintext not of
_any_ interest?
In regards to known ciphertext. Can't you just calculate the time
required to successfuly perform known ciphertext only attack from the time
to successfuly break known plaintext?
I agree with earlier posters. I am glad RSA putting up some real money for
this and as such I respect their design of the contest. What I am curious about is wether the chaining mode will be "given" as
part of the contest, but I'll gladly wait till AFTER Peter is done with
his program to get an answer.
Bernie Doehner

@_date: 1997-01-11 08:16:13
@_author: Bernie Doehner 
@_subject: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
Last night's barrage of SPAM convinced me that this is a really good
thing. Why jump to conclusions about the moderator's behavior?  Lets give the
new moderators a chance - PLEASE!!!
I think our new moderators have been around long enough to know
what's appropriate and what's not. I for one am getting really tired of
seeing so many off topic messages (not necessary SPAM) on here. I have
been tempted to unsubscribe a couple of times, but I haven't because I
don't want to miss information on the DES/RC5 Challenge and other
important info.
I have been on well moderated lists, as well as had to ask a friend of
mine who was on a closed list to forward postings to me (I couldn't get on
the approved list because I hadn't sent them $20).
In the case of this one closed list that I know of, I'd agree with you,
but I'd argue that this isn't generaly true. Let me ask you this: How many
of the messages posted to this list have you actualy read/found useful? I personaly don't find more than perhaps 5% useful.
I sort of see your point, but I don't think we have to go that far. A
moderator's main function is one of keeping the discussions on track (Ie.
SPAM selling Metamucil doesn't qualify). Authentication goes a little
beyond that. I think forcing authentication will really turn this into
a political problem.
Good luck Sandy and other moderator!

@_date: 1997-01-11 08:28:43
@_author: Bernie Doehner 
@_subject: another idea? 
Hi again:
Upon rereading comments in favor of no moderation, it occured to me that a
possible solution that will make most people  happy:
How about, we have
cypherpunks-raw: unmoderated 110% SPAM
cypherpunks: moderated by Sandy and other moderator.
Then, if the moderator approve pool for cypherpunks is crosslinked to
cypherpunks-raw (two way link), we have the best of both worlds. People
who want to experiment with filtering software can do that, and people who
want the SPAM and off subject garbage to go away can do that.
