
@_date: 2009-09-20 17:57:28
@_author: Kaye Funk 
@_subject: =?koi8-r?B?V2UgaGF2ZSBkaWZmZXJlbnQgdHlwZXMgb2YgbWVkaWNpbmUgYXZhaWxh?= 
WebMD - Sex & Relationships Newsletter
Saturday, August 22, 2009         In This Issue:
                      • Some Birth Control Pills Are Safer Than Others
                      • 8 Reasons to Slow Down
                      • Need Help With Questions About Lubrication
                                Men have traveled the world in search
of performance boosters. Here's whatscience reveals about ones that work.
                                Also See:
                                  • Understanding HPV and Cancer
                                  • Can't Orgasm? Tips for Women
         Health News & Features
                    When it comes to the risk of blood clots, some oral contraceptivepills are safer than others.                       • Overworking Affects Spouses Differently
                    It's a face-paced world. Here are eight reasons to slow things downwhen dining, hanging out, and having sex.                       • Finally Stop Fighting
                      • Here's How to Avoid Ugly Warts
                      • Best Way to Wash Your Face
                    Need Help With Questions About Lubrication
                    This member's wife is experiencing vaginal dryness. They want to use alubricant without killing the mood.         From Our Sponsors
                  "Of Course I Was Inquisitive..."
                    When it came time to change therapies for his rheumatoid arthritis,
Jay wanted to know how the new treatment would be different. Talking
to his doctor helped answer his questions. Watch Jay & Dr. Mease
Discuss RA Treatment Options                     After your baby is born, there are only a few precious moments when
the stem cell-rich umbilical cord blood can be collected and saved.
Stem cells have been used to treat nearly 70 serious conditions, and
emerging research shows promise in treating heart disease, spinal
injury and more. Hear from parents and health care professions about
why they chose to bank their baby's cord blood. Visit the Cord Blood
Banking Education Center                   For some people, depression is a matter of feeling sad, restless, or
having trouble concentrating or making decisions. For others, fatigue,
aches, pains, and other physical problems are part of their
depression, too. Learn about a medication that may treat a broad range
of symptoms.                        Newsletter ManagementDon't miss an issue of this newsletter. Add WebMD to your email's safe sender list -- get instructions here.
                	You are subscribed as cypherpunks.
              		View and manage your WebMD newsletter preferences.
             		Subscribe to more newsletters. Change/update your email address.
              		 .
              		To unsubscribe from ALL WebMD newsletters, send a blank email to               		 .                            		WebMD Privacy Policy
                    WebMD Office of Privacy                     1175 Peachtree Street, Suite 2400, Atlanta, GA 30361                     © 2009 WebMD, LLC. All rights reserved.                                   	WebMD Shortcuts
                                            Sexual Conditions Center
Member Support Group
News Center
Boards & Blogs
Home Page
