
@_date: 1993-05-06 04:10:05
@_author: John Perry Barlow 
@_subject: Phil Zimmerman's Laurel Branch 
John Gilmore passed on to me Phil Zimmerman's recent peace overture to you.
I expect I am joined by nearly everyone who cares about the issue of
cryptography in the hope that you will bury an understandable sense of
rancor and accept his offer. Further, if there is anything which the Electronic Frontier Foundation can
do to introduce light and good will into the area between you and Phil, be
assured we are ready and willing. While I realize that PGP has been a burr under your saddle for the last two
years...growing steadily more irritating as it proliferated like a virus
around the planet...one could argue that it has actually done PK Partners
more good that harm. By introducing thousands to both public key cryptography and the RSA
approach to it, it has gone a long way toward establishing RSA as the de
facto international standard for personal encryption. This can only work to
your long term benefit.
On the other hand, if the current course of things remains fixed and no
resolution is made between PK Partners and Phil, then PGP will continue to
be modified and improved by many international volunteers and will
eventually become seriously competitive to your own products. To me, it appears you have a choice between a position where everybody
loses and one where everybody wins. Perhaps I'm wrong, but the only factor
which supports the former course is an emotional sense of violated
principle. As I say, I could hardly fault you for feeling bitter after all
that's happened, but I sincerely hope you'll be able to rise above it.
And please let me know if we can help in any way.
John Perry Barlow

@_date: 1993-09-02 20:44:49
@_author: John Perry Barlow 
@_subject: Crypto Greetings from Russia 
I don't know if you saw this on its way through the office, but unless you
have some objection, I'm going to invite this organization to join the
Digital Privacy Working Group. There might be a lot of leverage gained from
working the standards processes in the two countries against/with each
I'm also interested in hearing if anyone in cypherpunks has heard of these
folks or their product.
FAX TRANSMISSION
John P. Barlow
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Washington, DC,  USA
Anatoly N. Lebedev
LAN Cypto
Moscow, Russia
Phone/Fax: 095-936-7256
Dear Mr. Barlow,
I enjoyed your brilliant paper "Decrypting the Puzzle Palace" (Comm. ACM,
vol.35, No.7, July 1992) very much. The situation with "the Russian NSA" or
Federal Agency of the Government Communications and Information (FAGHI) is
mostly the same as you describe there. So that I am in accord with the most
parts of the paper.
The company "LAN Crypto" is interested in becoming part of the digital
privacy working group.
"LAN Crypto" is the first Russian independent private company, which
specializes in the development of information security systems and
electronic documents transfer (electronic funds transfer, electronic
checks, contracts, etc.) by means of cryptology.
We have installed our software and the cryptological technology in more
than 100 state and commercial banks in Russia, Belorussia and Kazakhstan.
Our digital signature (we call it NOTARY) was recognized in April 1992 by
the Suprime Arbitre Court of Russia. The first solution on electronic
contract with our digital signature and conflict between the sides was made
by the Moscow Arbitre Court 28 July 1993.
NOTARY is a package of programs for electronic (digital) signing of PC
files, revealing the identity of the author and assuring the integrity of
such files.
NOTARY employs advanced method of digital signing. The method is based upon
the complex Discrete Logarithm Problem.
NOTARY takes 0.2 sec for signing and 0.8 sec for checking the signature by
AT-286/16MHz (secret key 512 bits).
Now the works on national standard of digital signature in Russia also
began. We work in this way actively with the other private companies and
state organisations.
We proposed to make the common standard for Russia and USA. This
proposition was supported by the Information Technologies Department of the
Russia State Committee of Standards. We've sent this proposal to the
presidential team of the US President Mr. W. Clinton in Jan 1993.
So I would be very glad to get from you any fresh information on DSS,
because the last version we have gotten from our american partners was of
Nov. 1992.
We as a private company also propose some other packages of programs:
VESTA (for encryption), which provides processing speed of 10 KBytes/sec on
AT-286 (16MHz), ATHENA (for public-key generation), which takes less than 3
seconds for two users to generate a common secret key of 512 bits (using an
AT-286 operating at 16MHz) (6.5 seconds for common key of 1024 bits),
DIANA for strong and flexible access regulaton to files of databases. DIANA
prevents an unauthorized access to information, contained in server or
working station of LAN. It is based on encrypting of files and dynamic
decrypting of them while working. All information between the server and
the working station goes in an encrypted form. User of the working station
uses a compact TSR-program.
The key distribution system of DIANA does not have analoges in the world.
To get more information on our programs you may connect with "LAN Crypto":
117630, Academician Chelomey St. 10-43,
Moscow, Russia,
phone/fax 095-936-7254
E-mail: lan at crypto.msk.su
or with our representatives in the USA:
Severtson and Associates
1901 Prytania, Suite 17
New Orleans, LA   70130
Phone 504/524-2256
Dmitry Orlov
San Francisco, CA
E-mail: dimon at mcafee.com
Anatoly N. Lebedev
LAN Crypto

@_date: 1994-01-21 11:45:01
@_author: John Perry Barlow 
@_subject: Mondex Digital Cash System 
I met with these two British gentlemen, Dave Birch and Neil McEvoy, while
at the Worldwide Electronic Commerce Conference in New York on Monday.
They, their system, and their organization (Hyperion) seem quite
impressive. Unless I am misinformed, they have the only major digital
banking system (out of 12 competitiors) which completely detaches
transaction from identity.
The card works as a kind of digital cookie jar in your wallet. Credits can
easily flow into and out of it. You can also create a "digital mattress" in
your home or office system to store credits and from which you can disburse
them over the Net while paying bills. Both of these fellows were familiar with EFF (indeed, one of them is a
member) and were very pleased to make contact with us. They are eager to
work with us in the future.  As you can see from the following, a number of major institutions have
already signed on.
