
@_date: 1997-07-22 16:21:43
@_author: Barrons Online 
@_subject: Important Announcement for Barron's Online Subscribers 
Dear Barron's Online subscriber:
By now we hope you've heard about the changes coming to Barron's Online
later this week. This is a final reminder that, effective Friday, July 25,
Barron's Online will be available only to subscribers to The Wall Street
Journal Interactive Edition. (If you've already signed up for the
Interactive Journal because of previous announcements to Barron's Online
subscribers, please ignore this message.)
Subscriptions to the Interactive Journal cost $49 per year, or $29 per year
for print subscribers to the Journal or Barron's. For this single price,
you'll have access to both the Interactive Journal and Barron's Online.
If you already subscribe to the Interactive Journal, you don't need to do
anything to keep enjoying Barron's Online. Beginning July 25, your
Interactive Journal user name and password will allow you to use the
features of both sites. Your Barron's Online password will no longer work.
If you don't already subscribe to the Interactive Journal and wish to
continue reading the exclusive Barron's Online articles and features,
you'll need to register for an Interactive Journal subscription and supply
a credit card.
You have a few days left to take advantage of a special offer available
only to Barron's Online subscribers. To get an eight-week free trial, you
must register as an Interactive Journal subscriber by going to the Barron's
Online site before Friday and following the special offer link there. You
also must be a new Interactive Journal subscriber.
Even if you don't take advantage of this special offer, you can sign up at
any time after Friday and still get our normal two-week free trial. Under
both offers, if you cancel online before the end of the free trial period,
you won't be charged.
We believe that the combined efforts of the Interactive Journal and
Barron's Online, coupled with the soon-to-be-unveiled SmartMoney
Interactive, offer subscribers the most comprehensive collection of
business and financial news, investment information and personal finance
tools available on the Web. We hope you'll take advantage of our trial
offer to see for yourself what more than 100,000 Interactive Journal
subscribers already know.
Best regards,
Neil Budde
The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition
info at interactive.wsj.com
If you do not wish to continue receiving these email alerts,
send email to: stopmkt at lists.wsj.com
If you have other questions, please call our customer service group at
