
@_date: 2008-08-13 06:31:17
@_author: Ben Laurie 
@_subject: Keyczar 
When I joined Google over two years ago I was asked to find a small  project to get used to the way development is done there. The project  I chose was one that some colleagues had been thinking about, a key  management library. I soon realised that unless the library also  handled the crypto it was punting on the hard problem, so I extended  it to do crypto and to handle key rotation and algorithm changes  transparently to the user of the library.
About nine months later I handed over my "starter project" to Steve  Weis, who has worked on it ever since. For a long time we've talked  about releasing an open source version, and I'm pleased to say that  Steve and intern Arkajit Dey did just that, earlier this week:      "Keyczar is an open source cryptographic toolkit designed to make  it easier and safer for developers to use cryptography in their  applications. Keyczar supports authentication and encryption with both  symmetric and asymmetric keys. Some features of Keyczar include:
        * A simple API
        * Key rotation and versioning
        * Safe default algorithms, modes, and key lengths
        * Automated generation of initialization vectors and  ciphertext signatures"
When we say simple, by the way, the code for loading a keyset and  encrypting some plaintext is just two lines. Likewise for decryption.  And the user doesn't need to know anything about algorithms or modes.
Great work, guys! I look forward to the "real" version (C++, of  [1]

@_date: 2012-07-03 11:09:37
@_author: Ben Laurie 
@_subject: [cryptography] Shared key in DPI device... 
I thought this might interest the list:
Vulnerability in Cyberoam DPI devices [30 Jun 2012] (CVE-2012-3372)
Cyberoam make a range of DPI devices (
which are capable of intercepting SSL connections.
In common with all such devices, in order to intercept these
connections without causing certificate warnings, the devices require
that a certificate must be issued for the intercepted site by a CA
browsers trust.
There are two ways to achieve this - one is to persaude an existing
trusted CA to issue a certificate for the site to be intecepted, or an
intermediate CA that can then be used to generate new certificates on
the fly. This latter behaviour recently got Trustwave in trouble.
The second method is to have each willing victim[1] install a new
trusted CA in their browser, and have that CA issue the fake
certificates. This is, of course, the only legitimate way to use these
devices and we are pleased to see that this is the approach Cyberoam
reveal to the public.
However, it is a little surprising that the Cyberoam devices appear to
all use exactly the same CA. This can be seen to be so by looking at
the support page describing how to avoid warnings:
 Examination of a
certificate chain generated by a Cyberoam device shows that this CA is
not used to sign an intermediate which is then used by the device, and
so therefore all such devices share the same CA certificate and hence
the same private key.
It is therefore possible to intercept traffic from any victim of a
Cyberoam device with any other Cyberoam device - or, indeed, to
extract the key from the device and import it into other DPI devices,
and use those for interception. Perhaps ones from more competent
[1] In the corporate setting, willing victims are often known as
"employees". Unwilling victims should not, of course, install the CA
certificate, nor should they click through certificate warnings.
Victims should uninstall the Cyberoam CA certificate from their
browsers and decline to complete any connection which gives a
certificate warning.
This issue was discovered and analysed by Runa A. Sandvik of the Tor
Project and Ben Laurie.
cryptography mailing list
cryptography at randombit.net
