
@_date: 1998-12-07 14:06:40
@_author: Bennett Haselton 
@_subject: DSA for encryption 
circumvent proxy server censorship by sending a request for a Web page to a
computer in the outside world that is not blocked by the proxy, and having
that computer re-send a copy of the banned page back to you.
summer, is at
where you type a URL into the form, submit it, and the resulting page has a
URL like:
instead of
which is what Anonymizer gives you, which makes it obvious what you were
looking at to anyone who looks through the proxy server logs.
could easily add ians.ml.org to their list of blocked sites (as they have
all already done with Anonymizer), so the idea would be for people to get
their friends to set up port-forwarding programs on computers that were not
blocked by the censoring proxy, and those could be set up to relay requests
between the IANS server and the computer behind the proxy server.
and the current version of IANS ("Internet Alternate Name Space") is part
of the way towards implementing this (theoretically) bulletproof solution.
The major pending improvements to the IANS software are (1) the URL is not
truly encrypted; the garbled characters in the URL above just represent
some basic scrambling to evade detection by people who sweep their proxy
server log files for keywords, (2) even if the URL were really encrypted,
when you first fill out the form, the URL is submitted to IANS in the
clear, so it could be detected by any censoring proxy server that logs data
submitted by GET or POST.  One Internet censorship proxy server called
SmartFilter already does this and blocks you from submitting *any* banned
URL's using GET or POST, so IANS does not work with SmartFilter, for example.
I am working on a JavaScript form that could be used on the client side to
solve this problem.  We would like to use DSA to encrypt the requests sent
using IANS, since I've heard DSA can be used for encryption without
royalties, unlike, for example, RSA.
Does anybody know of a Web page that explains how the DSA algorithm can be
used for encryption, as opposed to message signing and authentication?  I
found a page at
that describes the DSA algorithm for signature verification.  I have looked
very hard but have been unable to find a page about how to use DSA for
encryption.  Can anyone help?
I know there is software like GNU Privacy Guard that implements DSA for
encryption, but the source code is 3 megabytes and I was hoping there was a
page that explains the process more simply than that.
bennett at peacefire.org    (615) 421 5432

@_date: 1998-12-08 14:05:24
@_author: Bennett Haselton 
@_subject: DSA for encryption 
The ports would only forward Web-based traffic, so an attack would have to
be carried out over HTTP.  The phf exploit is a notorious example; the IANS
was modified early to specifically prevent it from being used for phf
exploits.  But most other attacks cannot be done just with a Web browser as
far as I know.
One additional option would be to distribute port-forwarding programs that
keep logs of traffic.  The standard port-forwarding program for Windows
which we plan on recommending, Portpipe, does not do this, but we might
write our own version that does.
Portpipe can be set up in thirty seconds on a Windows machine.  What you
need though is a machine that is connected more or less permanently to the
The problem with having lots of people run a copy of IANS is not that it
couldn't be made easy to install, but in many cases it might not be even
possible to install.  Low-end Web page accounts do not allow the running of
CGI scripts on the Web server.
Thanks!  Some people had already pointed out to me that ElGamal would be an
ideal choice, and was probably what I had in mind when I was looking for "a
version of DSA that can be used for encryption".
I'll follow the outline of the ElGamal algorithm given at
and the outline given in _Applied Cryptography_ unless you have another
I will probably have to write my own large-number package for JavaScript in
order to implement ElGamal.  You've given me enough to get started though,
thanks!  (If I have any more questions, I'll have to post them to the list
since you're using the re-mailer :-)  but maybe the list population will
find this interesting anyway.)
bennett at peacefire.org    (615) 421 5432

@_date: 2000-12-18 05:00:09
@_author: Bennett Haselton 
@_subject: universal censorware-bypass program 
A new program, "Peacefire", is available on our Web page that can disable
all popular Windows blocking programs with the click of a button --
released just as Congress has passed the first mandatory-blocking-software
Since the House and Senate passed corresponding versions of the Labor HHS
Education Appropriations Bill (HR 4577) on Friday, with an amendment
included to require the use of blocking software in schools and libraries
that receive federal funding, it is likely to become law soon.  The
American Library Association announced the passage of the House bill in the
December 15 issue of the ALA Washington Office Newsline:
In response, Peacefire has released a bypass program -- eponymously named
"Peacefire" -- which can disable all popular Windows blocking software
(Cyber Patrol, SurfWatch, Net Nanny, CYBERsitter, X-Stop, Cyber Snoop,
PureSight) with the click of a button.  The program is available at
A floppy disk with a copy of this program on it, could make a great
Christmas present for the right person :)
bennett at peacefire.org     (425) 649 9024
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per month)
Matthew Gaylor, 1933 E. Dublin-Granville Rd., PMB 176, Columbus, OH  43229
(614) 313-5722     Archived at
