
@_date: 1996-11-24 07:51:29
@_author: Beta Test 
@_subject: Britannica Online Subscription Offer 
Dear Pathfinder Free Trial Participant,
Thank you for participating in this special free trial subscription
offer of Britannica Online exclusively for Time Warner's Pathfinder
users. This free trial will be ending soon, and I would like to
extend you a special discount to encourage you to become a
Britannica Online subscriber. I hope you have had ample opportunity
to sample all Britannica has to offer, and if you haven't used our
service recently, I encourage you to take these *final weeks* to
experience the only information resource offering this degree of
depth, breadth, and interactivity.  Mars probe to begin a 10-month interplanetary voyage.  Read our
"Mars" article to find out what scientists have already discovered
about the Red Planet, then follow an Internet link to the Los
Alamos National Laboratory to view craters on Mars.
extensive "Nutrition" article in Britannica Online, and look for
the nutrient content in what you had for breakfast.
the World" feature to review the history, map, flag, and national
statistics of the country you're considering before you finalize
those travel plans.  So whether you're interested in learning more about Mars, troubles
in Iraq, or the latest hurricane, Britannica Online is regularly
updated to give you access to articles on people, places, and
events around the world.  It includes the text of the entire
32-volume Encyclopaedia Britannica, plus more than 2100 articles
not available anywhere else.  Articles are written by notable
scholars in their fields of expertise, including more Nobel Prize
winners than any other encyclopedia.
For about 50 cents a day you'll have access to the only reference
source that combines the information power of the world's premier
encyclopedia with thousands of direct links to related
information.  To sign-up for Britannica Online --
* Access the registration form at  by
  selecting either the monthly or annual subscription option
* Enter PTF149A in the promotion code box for an annual
  subscription of $149 (our normal $25 registration fee will be
  waived for you as a Pathfinder user)
  Enter PTF149M in the promotion code box for a monthly
  subscription of $14.95
* Review to make sure information is complete and accurate, then
  submit
Every day you and your family can learn something new about the
events that are making history now. Your free trial will end in
two weeks, so please don't let this opportunity pass you by. I'm positive you'll discover that finding quality information
has never been easier.  Lisa Girolimetti
Marketing Manager, Online Products
Encyclopaedia Britannica, Inc.

@_date: 1997-01-07 03:50:06
@_author: Beta Test 
@_subject: Special Discount for Pathfinder Users 
Dear Pathfinder Free Trial Participant,
Thank you for participating in the free trial offer of Britannica
Online.  Although your free trial has now ended, you can continue
accessing one of the world's most reliable sources of information
by becoming a subscriber.  For a limited time only Pathfinder
users can purchase Britannica Online at a special discounted rate
