
@_date: 2001-04-07 08:45:55
@_author: Blank Frank 
@_subject: private reputation services 
Found this:
What is AttorneyBusters.com?
AttorneyBusters.com was created as a vehicle to encourage
attorney ethics and responsibility, and promote laws that would
discourage attorneys from abusing special protected privileges.
Attorney privileges must be preserved, but used with
responsibility and for the proper purposes intended.  The privilege
should not be able to be used as a  shield by the unethical
attorney to avoid prosecution.
At the point the privilege is abused, the person is no longer an
attorney, and should not be afforded more protection from
prosecution and liability than the ordinary citizen.
AttorneyBusters.com is dedicated to exposing corruption of the
American judicial system by attorneys and other judicial officers
and members beginning at the level of Superior Courts and
Municipal Courts and will endeavor to have offenders prosecuted.
AttorneyBusters.com does this by:
     Providing a  listing area for complaints against the State Bar
     of California or other Bar Associations.
     Posting your complaint against an attorney, judge, or other
     judicial officer on our website.
     Publicizing  the website to focus public attention and
     awareness of the complaint.
     Providing a public complaint forum in contrast to the State
     Bar of California and other Bar Associations' private
     complaint process.
     Publishing a newsletter discussing various problems
     encountered with attorneys, judges, and other judicial
     officers.
     Interviewing and recruiting attorneys for individuals to retain
     for legal representation for litigation of matters against other
     attorneys when necessary.
     Discuss your complaint with you and have conversations with
     the attorney you are complaining about if possible.
     Providing consultation services discussing options you may
     not have considered concerning your complaint.
     Initiating investigations and litigations when necessary,  and
     supporting those in process, that will expose the unethical
     acts of attorneys, judges, or other judicial members that
     misuse the court system.
     Enact change in laws for the protection of the public from
     unethical attorneys and other judicial members misconduct.
     Providing a library of CD's discussing actual cases of
     unethical attorney conduct, self help topics dealing with
     attorneys, litigation support, and stresses involved with
     litigation.
Attorney Busters does not become involved in the review of
criminal cases.
(this is commercial but I have no affiliation)
