
@_date: 2004-01-03 17:01:07
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: Sources and Sinks 
The only necessary "oversight body" is the courts. Both public and
private police (should) operate under the Rule of Law just like everyone
else.  As with the public police, if private police have public
perception problems related to excessive force, abuse of power, or
whatever, they may opt to use a third-party interest to do
"self-policing" by fining, firing, etc (much like pro sports
organizations do... contractually).  This is strictly a business
management decision however, the only "legal" oversight should be the court.  Police (public or private) should be judged and punished (in the legal sense) in the same way any other citizen is.  Purely for the sake of argument, even if this is correct (which I'm not
conceding), a company that is truly in business to make a profit by doing something useful (creating a product, providing a useful service,
etc) pays employees who pay taxes, pays employee payroll taxes, pays
shareholders who pay taxes, and produces something (product or service)
which is almost always taxed, usually in several ways. Just because a
company does not pay an income tax DOES NOT mean it isn't heavily taxed
in other direct and indirect ways.  I'm not sure what that's got to do with it.  (We're talking about "essential social services" meaning services designed to protect lives,
right?)  How I value my life is measured by exactly what I will do to
protect and enhance my life.  I am worth to other people exactly what
they would do /voluntarily/ to protect/enhance my life.
What that's got to do with whether these services should be privatized
or not I'm not sure.  Unless you're arguing that (by that definition)
I'm not worth very much to very many other people, and since that leaves the responsibility for my life squarely on my own shoulders (and on the shoulders of people I voluntarily engage to start caring
about me!).  Well, that's the only fair way... coercing other people
to care for and by extension pay for my own welfare is immoral and
evil.  If you care so much for everyone else's welfare, there's plenty
of charities you can voluntarily donate your money to that will be happy to look after everyone else.  Oh, most people are selfish and
wouldn't /voluntarily/ give 30-50% of their money away to total
strangers (favoring their own families and close friends instead)?  Then please explain how it's moral to FORCE them!
(Jeez, I just recently got back onto this list after a several-year
hiatus.  How the hell did so many statists ever get the idea that
ubiquitous cryptography would ever further their goals?  Or are they
just here to distract us with statism vs liberty type political debates so we can't get any real work done??)

@_date: 2004-01-10 00:22:39
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
Only in the 9th circuit.   The 5th circuit (in 2001) has previously given an opinion in direct
opposition to the 9th circuit's finding.
"We find that the history of the Second Amendment reinforces the plain
meaning of its text, namely that it protects individual Americans in
their right to keep and bear arms whether or not they are a member of a
select militia or performing active military service or training."
"We reject the collective rights and sophisticated collective rights
models for interpreting the Second Amendment. We hold, consistent with
Miller, that it protects the right of individuals, including those not
then actually a member of any militia or engaged in active military
service or training, to privately possess and bear their own
"In undertaking this analysis, we are mindful that almost all of our
sister circuits have rejected any individual rights view of the Second
Amendment. However, it respectfully appears to us that all or almost all
of these opinions seem to have done so either on the erroneous
assumption that Miller resolved that issue or without sufficient
articulated examination of the history and text of the Second
So in the 5th circuit, the individual right to keep & bear arms is still
explicitly recognized and upheld.  The Supreme Court will eventually
have to resolve this discrepancy amongst the lower courts, it's unclear
what kind of case it will take to push them to it though, given their
historical extreme reluctance to hear any 2nd amendment cases.  And it's
very dubious what the decision would be.

@_date: 2004-01-10 01:08:40
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
I should've said: only in the 9th circuit, in states that
don't have a state constitutional provision regarding right
to keep and bear arms.  I believe the only state that falls
in that category is CA. Every other state in the 9th circuit has a constitutional provision that is usually even more explicit than the 2nd ammendment. Most explicitly state the /individual/ has the right to keep and bear arms (as opposed to "the people" which some courts have interpreted to mean "the state" or
state-approved/regulated militias). For example, NV is typical: "Every citizen has the right to keep and bear arms for security and defense, for lawful hunting and
recreational use and for other lawful purposes." Article 1, Section 11, Paragraph 1.

@_date: 2004-01-11 16:12:44
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
Many states do have laws allowing the police to detain a person for
a period of time (varies by state) to ascertain the identity of that
person, if they have reasonable suspicion that they are involved in a
a crime.  I'm not aware of any laws that specifically require a person to
actually carry ID, but when I was stopped in NV several years ago,
walking back to my home from a nearby grocery store at about 3am,
supposedly because a 7-11 nearby had just been robbed, I was told that if I did not present a valid state ID I would be arrested, taken to the precinct HQ, fingerprinted, and held until I could be positively ID'd.   The constitutionality of these laws are being challenged. In Hiibel vs. NV, Hiibel refused 11 times to identify himself to police before he was arrested (illegal under NV statute).  The
NV Supreme Court has upheld the law, with a few dissents:
"The dissent then pointed out that the Ninth Circuit federal appeals
court not only upholds the right to refuse to provide identification to
an officer before arrest, but has specifically found Nev. Rev. Stat. B'
171.123(3) unconstitutional under the Fourth Amendment. The dissent
opinion criticized the majority for "reflexively reasoning that the
public interest in police safety outweighs Hiibel's interest in refusing
to identify himself," noting that no evidence exists that an officer is
safer for knowing a person's identity. "What the majority fails to
recognize," the dissenting opinion continued, "is that it is the
observable conduct, not the identity, of a person, upon which an officer
must legally rely when investigating crimes and enforcing the law."
The US Supreme Court has agreed to review and is scheduled to hear
arguments this year.

@_date: 2004-01-12 12:40:54
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
Perhaps I wasn't very clear. That is (in many states, probably
not all), a cop may stop (detain) someone on "reasonable suspicion",
but it would still be illegal to arrest the person (since this would
require "probably cause").  In these states, at this point the person is required by law to identify himself, and in some states even to
provide proof of identification.  If the person cannot or will not do
this, it is legal in those states (though as we know, blatantly
unconstitutional) to further detain or even arrest the person until
their identity can be determined.
Nevada's version of this has been ruled unconstitutional by the Ninth
Circuit and the case is still pending in the US Supreme Court.  You must mean /mandatory/ "state ID".  Every state I've lived in have State ID's that are (voluntarily) issued to residents that can't get or don't want a driver's license.  All of these states grant their ID
the same status as a driver's license for identification purposes
(anywhere that accepts driver's license as valid ID must also accept the state ID).  (Thanks Steve for the links).  The Lawson case appears to be another example of the Supreme Court abdicating their responsibilities.  There
were no fourth amendment objections to CA's law in their decision.  The Court said the law was unconstitutional because it was not
specific enough, leaving too much discretion to the cop about what
satisfies the identification requirement, when of course they should
have ruled that the identification requirement itself is
unconstitutional.  There were no real objections to the principle behind the law, which is a damn shame.  The closest I could find was in the dissent:
"Of course, if the statute on its face violates the Fourth or Fifth
Amendment--and I express no views about that question--the Court would
be justified in striking it down. But the majority apparently cannot
bring itself to take this course."

@_date: 2004-01-12 12:55:18
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
This has probably been mentioned here before, but another interesting
approach is what justicefiles.org used to do (I'm not sure what
the status of the site is, it seems to be down now). They collected the names of police officers (particularly ones
known to be abusive of their authority) in King County, WA and
published that + all public information they could find on them
(including SSN's, addresses, phone numbers, etc).  Of course the police tried to take the site down but the court
upheld the site's right to publish any publicly available information about the cops (I believe they excepted the SSN's).

@_date: 2004-01-14 00:20:53
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
This kind of rhetoric is extremely irritating.  If they can
be deported, they are neither slaves or indentured servants. If they voluntarily came to this country, and voluntarily accepted 90
cents/hr,

@_date: 2004-01-14 10:51:37
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Aargh, damn computer...  I apologize for my incomplete post.

@_date: 2004-01-14 10:56:26
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
... Anyway... "be productive or be deported" does not constitute
slavery, and neither does the fact that someone is willing to work
for substantially less than you.  In fact, it is only Free people
who can sell their product (including their own labor) for whatever
they want (and, obviously, that someone will pay).

@_date: 2004-01-14 13:45:10
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: Quartering soldiers 
For this to make sense, we have to interpret Soldier to mean not
just agents of the armed forces (military), it has to mean law-enforcement as well.  I can accept the idea of abstracting the Third beyond humans to software/hardware agents, etc... but I'm
not so sure about the military vs. law enforcement distinction.  Can anyone point me to some founder's writings that may help support the interpretation of Soldier to mean any agent of the Even if we did extend the Third to mean law-enforcement... since
Congress has repeatedly ceded their authority to determine when
the country was "in a time of war" to the Executive, and as such we are now in a perpetual time of war, any quartering has to be
prescribed by law, rather than prohibited outright.  For these
reasons, I have to agree with Tim's earlier referenced post, to
the effect of "the only solutions now available are Technology and Terrorism." I think someone in this case would have a much better argument for
a Fourth amendment violation (unreasonable seizure of their home, albeit temporarily), though probably, today, still unsuccessful in
a court.

@_date: 2004-01-14 17:51:55
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: Quantum Loop Gravity Be For Whitey 
Yes, it was intended as a paraphrase. For currently illegal immigrants, you're right: the contract (the
agreement to do x work for y money is a contract, however informal) is illegal and so unenforceable. This leaves these workers open to theft by "stiffing" as you put it. The guest worker program will legalize these immigrants (for a period of time), so the contract will be legal and become enforceable.  Why do you think the guest worker program will
make it worse in this regard for currently illegal immigrants?  This is the weakest objection to this program I've heard yet. If both parties agreed and adhered to these terms, I see no
problem with any of that.  Employers and employees should be free to negotiate their own terms without the coercive interference by the State (via minimum wage, overtime, maximum work week, etc regulations). See above for my answers to this.
Oh please, did you not read the last 6 words of my sentence?
"(and, obviously, that someone will pay)" means "what the market will bear".  Of *course* there has to be a willing buyer
to complete the transaction.

@_date: 2004-07-03 19:23:09
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
I'm a little late to this thread, sorry...
AT&T m-mode models have had this kind of functionality for quite awhile.
"With a few keystrokes on a wireless phone, a m-mode subscriber is  given the approximate geographic location of his friend, such as a  street intersection. The two friends can then exchange messages,  call the other, or choose a place to meet from a directory of nearby  restaurants, bars, coffee shops, and bookstores."
I'm pretty sure they don't use GPS for this... I think they do some form of triangulation from the cell towers.

@_date: 2004-03-26 14:54:39
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: Anonymizer employees need killing 
Of course, anyone trusting their lives & liberty to these commercial ip obfuscators are incredibly stupid anyway.  Anonymizer states plainly they store usage logs "usually for 48 hours" and will use them to combat
spam or other "abuses of netiquette".  Even if they didn't state it, how can you
stake your life on them not doing so?
Any company that /can/ comply with a court order to reveal your probably won't need a court order to be convinced to do so.
  Just as a point of curiosity (because I think it's irrelevant, for the above),  An Metet, how are you sure there was no subpoena or court order

@_date: 2004-03-28 01:01:41
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: Anonymizer employees need killing  
Alright then, since you're here, maybe you could answer a couple - If given a court order, would you be able to provide the FBI the same kind of information that Surfola did, which could be used to track down the customer in meatspace?  (From the article, we can assume it was his paypal email addx and/or the IP addx he was using, either one of which was probably sufficient).
- Assuming the answer is yes: from the customer's POV, in the end what does it matter whether you were given a court order or not... the result was the same, they were caught because they trusted your service (the fact that, in this case, the crime was despicable, is beside the - Can you explain the contradictions inherent in the following excerpts from your user agreement?
"Usage logs are usually kept for forty-eight (48) hours for maintenance purposes, monitoring Spamming and monitoring abuses of netiquette. Any relevant portion(s) of such logs may be kept for as long as needed to stop the abuses."
"We maintain no information which would identify which user had sent a given message or visited a given site"
"Abusers of the Anonymizer can expect no anonymity. We regret the necessity of this policy, but without it abuse will force the shutdown of the Anonymizer."
Even if we leave aside the question of whether one should trust a service which /could/ betray you if it were run by an untrustworthy operator, you state openly in your policy that you're not to be

@_date: 2004-03-28 13:53:26
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: Anonymizer employees need killing 
This is exactly my point.  You and I are saying essentially the same Anonymizer cannot be trusted with your life & liberty. It is the equivalent of
"kid sister cryptography".  Lance, however, does not seem to view it this way.
What I'm blaming Lance for is snake-oil marketing. When someone posted
"Anonymizer revealed the identity of a customer to the FBI", Lance "Anonymizer would never do such a thing".  But *of course* he would,
because there's a metaphorical (if not real) gun pointed at his head.
I'm not "pissing and moaning that a single-hop anonymity service doesn't
provide perfect anonymity", I'm calling Lance and Anonymizer on their
false claims.  Lance and Anonymizer should both be upfront and honest
about exactly what level of "anonymity" Anonymizer /can/ provide.
Then I would not have anything to say on this thread.  I agree, the service is
certainly useful for some things, and the world is better with it than *I* did not say anyone needed killing, so I'm assuming this part of your rant
was targeted at someone else.

@_date: 2004-03-30 16:35:04
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: The Gilmore Dimissal 
I was curious about that.  I notice now that Amtrak requires ID as well:
Does anyone know when this happened, or have experiences with having to show ID on Amtrak?
You need ID to drive, bus, train, or fly... I guess all that's left is walking and possibly biking. :P

@_date: 2004-05-02 13:35:21
@_author: bgt 
@_subject: message, but also test 
If I recall correctly, (and it's possible I don't), the ZKS freedom.net client had
features to pattern match strings (that you configure) when you were using your
nym, and warn you with a popup message box when it detected them in traffic.  So you could be sure you weren't inadvertently sending data that could
compromise your nym (like your real name, or your other nym's names,
