
@_date: 1994-12-03 02:01:47
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: ecash trial issues explained 
(This message is not an official DigiCash message but represents my personal opinions)
Here are some answers to issues recently discussed on the cypherpunks list. I do not read this list as that takes too much time, I only read what people that do read forward from the list to me.
Stefan Brands is not excluded in any way from the trial. His request was never received at DigiCash. Several others in the CWI crypto group (all that applied) did receive their accounts. There is no
 'political boycot'.
The ecash software allows for multiple payment protocols to co-exist. Besides the currently implemented protocol and the Stefan Brands system there are more possible systems. We are not fixed in any way to the current protocol. Besides the patent issues, it is not clear which protocol is better.
Last time I checked (a week ago, I am currently on the road) there well over 500 or 600 active ecash accounts. But there are another 1000 accounts waiting, and new requests coming in between 10 and 100 per day. As the mail that was sent out explains, the trial is rolled out in phases. The result is that the software is more 'robust' before large quantities of users run into the same problem, in the sense that it works on any OS in any configuration with any network hookup, no matter how 'bad'. (We are not in the business of being a 'network Potential ecash vendors have had priorities in being assigned ecash accounts. But they are also 'harrassed' for actually doing what they promise to do. Because we can not support a 24 hour staff and we want to keep response time low, people in time zones close to ours (GMT+1) have been issued accounts first. At the moment we are confident we can scale up the trial. I promise you it will not be several more months before everyone can join the trial.
People that run into ecash problems are almost always helped or replied to the same day, and often within the hour. However, some people send their problems to the wrong address, such as the generic ecash info address or the feedback address, which may result in not getting an answer for several days. If mails go to ecash-bugs at digicash.com, the developers involved immediately see the mail and help out, provided they are technical mails and have sufficient information to actually be able to give help. As you can imagine, problems described as 'it does not work for me' without any extra information take a few mails back and forth, and tedious searching in log files, before the actual problem is clear. You can understand the anonimity of the system does not make that easier.
People that compare FV or other systems and ecash are really comparing apples and pears. From a business view they may look
the same, but how they operate is totally different. Ecash is the only system that allows for full anonimity on the buyers side using public key technology. We strongly believe it should not be possible
for anyone to see all individual transactions a person makes.
The business model used is also different. We do not charge users or
shops a fee to use the ecash system, and provide the ecash software
(both client and shop) for free, and give support for free. Unfortunately this does mean we are not getting large sums of money to spend on slick marketing schemes.
Just a final remark before totally boring you to death:
Some of the people that post unfriendly messages on mailing lists, like Stefan Brands, do so before actually mailing to us. Please give us a fair chance!
Marcel van der Peijl
Ecash technical project leader
DigiCash bv

@_date: 1995-08-17 10:43:39
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: First known purchase of physical goods with cyberbucks 
As far as I know, the first transaction took place when I (while
testing) bought a postcard from GlobalX, the first ecash store to
open besides our own (and mine). It is stored in the 'DigiCash
museum' next to early prototypes of all kinds of smartcards,
emulators, wallets etc.
This must have been around October last year (or August? Can't make
out the postmark). Hundreds of cards were shipped by several shops,
and stickers, lotteries, etc. Check the 'physical objects' section
on Maybe you should restrict the 'first known' claim to 'first known purchase of physical goods with cyberbucks traded at the ECM'.

@_date: 1995-08-17 12:19:13
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: First known ... (stop this thread please) 
Sorry, I think we should kill this thread while we're still on top of it. The discussion was CyberBucks, not electronic payments or anything like that. I _KNOW_ what the first transaction was, since I made it, I saw it at the bank, I received the goods, and got an email from the sender saying it was the first transaction.
I do not wish to take claim for any of that other stuff, whether it
is Chaumian or not. No doubt somebody traded some baseball cards for
a few bits somewhere back in the fifties. Let's not dig up any other
dead bodies. My claim (which was only to show the incorrectness of
the other) is a very restrictive one, and is only for the CyberBucks

@_date: 1995-08-21 02:27:52
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: Basically F-C-ed 
My $0.02 on the 'strict security' on Schiphol (first one to cash in gets it) based upon personal experience:
American airlines (Northwest, United) have very strict security when departing from Schiphol. Interviews, men with rifles, queries on who packed your luggae, etc. But all the crap I drag around (200+ kilo's of exhibition equipment full of custom built hardware, large batteries, transformers etc) has never been opened.
However, you should try flying a different airline: KLM, Lufthansa, etc.
No interviews, no guns, just friendly people.
-----BEGIN ECASH PAYMENT-----
-----END ECASH PAYMENT-----

@_date: 1995-07-27 06:09:35
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: Full text of David Chaum's Congressional speech 
Here's the full text of the speech David Chaum gave in his
Congressional hearing. I will also make it available for online reading on our web server in the publications section.
--- cut here ---
Mr. Chairman, Members of the Committee:
As an American who is regarded as the inventor of electronic cash,
who has worked over the last dozen or so years to make the technology
viable, and who is now CEO of a leading company pioneering in its
commercialization, I am very pleased by the interest being shown
here and to be here today. We are being forced to decide between two very different kinds of
electronic payment technology.  The core values we as a nation have
fought for, and continue to stand for, are at stake.  As a
consequence of choosing one of the two directions, these values will
be profoundly eroded; by choosing the other direction, however, they
will be preserved and likely extended.  Wise decisions at this
critical juncture may also allow us to avoid certain other pitfalls
and to realize economic leadership and growth.
I think my limited time before you is best used to briefly explain
the fundamentally different approaches to security, before coming to
privacy, privacy technology, and its implications.
Security is simply the protection of interests.  People want to
protect their own money and banks their own exposure.  The role of
government is to maintain the integrity of, and confidence in, the
whole system.  With electronic cash, just as with paper cash today,
it will be the responsibility of government to protect against
systemic risk.  This is a serious role that cannot be left to the
micro-economic interests of commercial organizations.
In order for those in government to make informed decisions, it will
be necessary for them to understand the basic ways to secure
transactions in different situations.
One basic form is tamper-resistance, exemplified by the chip in a
chip card.  It is designed to be hard to modify or to read secrets
from. Such tamper-resistance is needed for "off-line"
payments--those in which the reader device receiving payment from a
card, validates payments by contacting a central system only at the
end of each day.
(Incidentally, this and the other basic form must rely for security
on cryptography, sometimes refereed to as encryption, which is
fundamental to all information security.) The other basic form is where the individual uses their own computer,
whether a desk-top, lap-top, or palm-top device.  Such "software
only" is all that is needed in an "on-line" system--a system in which
the party receiving payment communicates over a network during each
The trend is toward a convergence of these two forms into a
hybrid--since people don't want incompatible forms of money and since
it offers the best of both worlds in terms of convenience; in other
words, you will put a chip card into a user-friendly electronic device of your own choosing, whether on your desk, in your living
room, or in your pocket.  I have brought some examples of this to
show you...
The problems I see in the industry today reflect a lack architecture. And architecture is essential when building infrastructure, which is
what we are embarking on.  In my view, a sound architecture must: (i)
include the two basic forms of security, and allow for their integration into the hybrid; (ii) prevent the vulnerability of
system-wide secrets from being stored in every card or, nearly as
bad, every off-line point of payment; and (iii) address privacy
concerns effectively, since they cannot be addressed as add-ons or afterthoughts.  Today, DigiCash systems are alone in having any of
these three attributes, and their architecture has all three.
Let me now turn to this issue of privacy...
A recent Harris poll of the American public began by introducing
respondents to all the consumer benefits of the information
superhighway.  Then respondents were told that in order to make such
systems economically viable, payment transaction data would have to be gathered and used for purposes such as making special offers to
them.  But the majority of respondents still objected to any use,
other than consummation of the payment, and they gave privacy as the
primary reason.
Fully 82% of Americans today expressed concern over privacy of
computerized data.  That fraction has been growing steadily ever
since the "first wave" of privacy concern was triggered when
Americans saw their names punched into computer cards or printed on
computer generated forms.  When people are exposed to the
information superhighway, which provides an awesome glimpse of the
power of modern information technology, with dropping transaction
costs leading to finer granularity of  payments (which we will be
hearing more about later), concern will reach new levels.
Privacy Technology
"Privacy technology" allows people to protect their own information,
and other interests, while at the same time it maintains very high
security for organizations.  Essentially, it is the difference
between, on the one hand, a centralized system with disenfranchised participants (like the electronically tagged animals in feedlots);
and, on the other hand, a system where each participant is able to
protect its own interests (like buyers and sellers on a town market
Take ecash as an example of privacy technology.  It provides a fully
digital bearer instrument--a number that is itself money, just like a
bank note is money.  On the Internet, once someone downloads the
requisite software, which takes only a few minutes, they are ready to
send and receive ecash in payments. Security of ecash is superior to that of paper cash.  If it is
stolen, it cannot be used; if someone refuses to give you a receipt,
you have proof that they deposited it; and if it is lost, you can get
your money and records back.  Counterfeiting ecash poses the same
cryptographic challenge as breaking the most sophisticated codes
used to protect nuclear materials, military secrets and large-value
wire transfers.  Therefore, ecash is certainly not the target of
Ecash is already being experimented with on the Internet in a
worldwide monopoly money trial with tens of thousands of
participants.  Related card technology has been extensively tested,
by DigiCash licensee Amtech, for highway-speed road tolls and road pricing, offering privacy instead of dossiers on everywhere people
drive.  And, CAFE, the European Commission sponsored trial, at its
headquarters buildings in Brussels, of chip cards that can be
inserted into electronic wallets (that I have already shown you), allows privacy in payments and the electronic ECU.  Such "privacy
technology" was even successfully used by the participants at the
most recent international meeting of data protection commissioners. Ecash has received substantial media coverage; consequently, the
public is beginning to realize that the coming of electronic payments
need not mean an obliteration of privacy.  And the superhighway will
give consumers unprecedented mobility to choose it.  Some concern
about ecash, however, has been raised by various parties over
possibilities it might open for illicit payments.  But there is
simply no legitimate basis for these allegations.
Ecash, even when it achieves significant scale, is considerably less
dangerous to society than automatic teller machines.  For one thing,
like cash, the amount withdrawn and deposited is on record; but, for
another, unlike cash, the amounts of money that pass through each
person's hands are also on record at the bank.  Ecash itself is less
prone to abuse than paper bank notes, because privacy is "one-way,"
which means that an extortionist, a seller on a black-market, or the
acceptor of a bribe is forever vulnerable to being irrefutably
incriminated by the party that paid them.
National Leadership
Governments who stifle the new technology while it is still in its
infancy, before its has had a chance to develop and harmonize with
our institutions; who don't pro-actively support needed
infrastructure; or who fail to establish confidence by protecting
against systemic risk--will be left behind in global competition. Countries who take clear positions based on understanding of the
technology, however, and encourage needed developments, stand to gain
enormous economic growth and market leadership.  Privacy technology,
whether used for electronic payments, voting, or other public
expression, is the electronic equivalent of a free market and
democracy.  People will come to insist on it as an informational
human right.
Dr. David Chaum, DigiCash
--- cut here ---

@_date: 1995-10-22 20:47:45
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: Mark Twain Bank Launches Ecash 
Using ecash is like using a virtual ATM (Automatic Teller
Machine). When connecting to it over the Internet, you
authenticate ownership of your account and request the amount of
ecash you want to withdraw, much like in person. But instead of
putting paper cash in your wallet, your software stores the
digital cash it obtains onto the hard disk of your PC.
     When you are asked to make a payment on the net, you
confirm the amount, purpose and payee and then your ecash
software transfers the correct value in coins from your disk.
Sellers, ranging from casual participants in the global Internet
bazaar to mega-retailers, deposit the digital coins they receive
into their accounts.
     Behind the user interface, your computer actually chooses
the serial numbers of the electronic coins based on a random
seed. Then it hides them in special encryption envelopes,
provides them to the virtual ATM for signing, and removes the
envelopes from what is returned--leaving the bank's validating
digital signature on the serial numbers. This way, when the
bank receives from the shop the coins you spend, it cannot
recognize them as coming from any particular withdrawal,
because they were hidden in envelopes during withdrawal. And
thus the bank cannot know when or where you shop or what you
     The serial number of each signed coin is unique, allowing
the bank to be sure it never accepts the same coin twice. In
case you wish to identify the recipient of any of your
payments, you can also reveal the serial number and prove that
you formed it. And, in case your computer were ever to break
down, if you had written down the secret random seed number you
chose initially when opening your account, future versions
would let you use it to re-create the coins in envelopes and
thereby obtain a free re-issue of the signed coins that were
How safe is it
     Since beginning operation in April 1990, DigiCash's mission
and primary activity has been: to develop and license payment
technology products--chip card, software only, and hybrid--that
both show the true capability of technology to protect the
interests of all participants and are competitive in the market.
     Dr. David Chaum, managing director of DigiCash, received
his Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of California
at Berkeley, then taught at New York University Graduate School
of Business Administration and at the University of California,
and headed the Cryptography Group at CWI, the Dutch nationally
funded center for research in mathematics and computer science,
before taking his current position. He has published over 45
original technical articles on cryptography and also founded the
International Association for Cryptologic Research.
DigiCash Products
Items 1-4 are available on our World Wide Web Server at:
1) 2) 3) 4) Please let us know, if you would like to receive any of
Items 1-4 in one of the following other formats:
a) via electronic mail in plain text (ascii) format,
(Item 1 and 4 unavailable)
b) via facsimile
c) via post
---------------------------PRESS RELEASE------------------------

@_date: 1995-10-22 23:02:56
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: digicash & unix clients 
It will be the exact same list as ecash trial (but not exactly the same software). It will be available by the time real accounts are issued. Hopefully tomorrow. Working on it.

@_date: 1995-10-22 23:11:25
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: Chaum's cash: backup? 
You seem to have different information than we have. Strange. Please reread the press release.
I could give a hint: your random state initializer is not the too-often used srand( time( NULL ) ) but user-chosen during installation. Write that initializer down and you can re-generate all coins. The bank can check wether these coins were indeed signed, and, after revealing blinding factors, the bank can also check if they were used. The difference must have been on your disk.
This system is not completely operational yet but will be used in the

@_date: 1995-09-27 05:28:04
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: NO weak links in DigiCash system!!! 
Let's get this straight before spreading more of these vicious rumours that can easily get misinterpreted.
DigiCash is an R&D company developing ecash. We license out our technology to banks. We are running the trial, but only have limited resources to do so. This may result in long waiting time for accounts or no answer on a tech support mail. (We are of course trying to prevent this).
In a real-money system, the password can of course not be sent out in plain mail. Either it has to be transferred out-of-band (phone, paper) or PGP'd. But that would require at least ten people answering the phones, sending snailmail, etc. We do not have the resources to do so, so we send out the password plain. A malicious hacker may snatch the password and open the account for you and steal your cb$100. This, however, is not related to the security of the transactions once you open the account! The password is only for starting up the account.
And of course downloading on a secure server is not relevant. The software is the same for everyone! It is just not put out for public downloading because it would mean a hundred times more people asking for tech support. It would be more secure if we used different passwords for downloading and for opening the accounts but again, that would give a LOT more problems.
PGP does not add any security in the payment system. Ecash is already Feel free to ask us the questions before publicly posting. It will prevent misunderstandings and libel lawsuits.

@_date: 1995-09-27 12:24:37
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: NO weak links ... 
Oh come on. Don't take everything so seriously. This was not an explicit and/or real threat.
Suing myself is as unlikely as suing someone else. I am not American and do not know my lawyer on a first-name basis. You as fellow-European should understand this.

@_date: 1995-09-27 13:48:36
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: Sorry or something 
In case it was not clear: my earlier post really was not a lawsuit threat. It seems it was (mis)interpreted this way by some people.
Also, the original author did not post the article but someone he sent it to. I'm sure the author did not intend to post the text as is but first give us a fair chance of defending ourselves.
  "My opinions and reactions do NOT represent the official DigiCash

@_date: 1996-05-22 01:12:24
@_author: Marcel van der Peijl 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
The minimum denomination for each currency is (sort of)
configurable. For instance, for Belgian Franks the minimum is 1 (and
no '.'). If a bank requested a currency capable of handling a
mimimum of 0.00005 we could make that happen real easy. Note that
with the maximum coin size 2^15 times minimum amount, the maximum
coin would get a lot smaller, so that it would become more
impractical to pay large amounts in that currency.
On the longer term we can of course even change
- the 2^15 maximum
- maximum number of coins per message (currently 75)
if the requirements were there.
