
@_date: 1997-08-21 08:40:10
@_author: billp 
@_subject: Give the gov bad pr 
cypherpunks, only interested in crypto from a business standpoint.
They want the taxpayer to support their business interests.
Some of us at Sandia kicked back.
Allahu akbar!!!
Title: William H. Payne - Arthur R. Morales Documents
Revised 16 August 1997
21 June 1997
  WILLIAM H. PAYNE �- ARTHUR R. MORALES DOCUMENTS
      These documents pertain to a suit by cryptographer�William
      16 August�1997
      Payne-Morales Writ�of�Mandamus Against US District �Court
            21 June 1997
      NSA Suit - Motions and Scheduling Order
            4 June 1997
      Complaints to Supreme Justice Scalia
            4 June 1997
      U.S. Attorney Warns Payne
            1 June 1997
      Data Authenticator for the Deployable Seismic Verification System
            1 June 1997
      Secret Compartmented Information Nondisclosure Agreement
            31 May 1997
      Embedded Controller Forth for the 8051 Family
            29 May 29 1997
      Notification to Secretary of Energy Pena
            16 May 1997
      Payne on RSA and NSA
            13 May 1997
      Payne Accuses Sandia Labs Director
            11 May 1997
      NSA �Suit�- Initial Scheduling Order
            21 April 1997
      NSA Suit - SNL Affidavits/Letters on Classified Data
            12 April 1997
      NSA Suit - Answers from NSA
            14 March�1997
      Payne Letter to the FBI
            8 March 1997
      News Report on NSA and Crypto AG
            8�March 1997
      News Reports on NSA Suit
            8�March 1997
      NSA Suit - FOIA Appeal
            8�March 1997
      NSA Suit - Complaint�for Injunctive�Relief
            Following are Department of Energy decisions and orders on
      20 February 1997
      Case No. VFA-0262, 26 DOE � 80,161
            16 December 1996
      Case No. VFA-0243, 26 DOE � 80,144
            10 July 1996
      Case No. VFA-0178, 25 DOE � 80,214
            6�May 1996
      Case No. VFA-0148, 25 DOE � 80,190
            26 March 1996
      Case No. VFA-0128, 25 DOE � 80,184
            8�November 1995
      Case No. VFA-0091, 25 DOE � 80,147
            10 October 1995
      Case No. VFA-0076, 25 DOE � 80,140

@_date: 1997-12-23 08:21:14
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Filed Friday afternoon 
FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
William H. Payne        	   	              )
Arthur R. Morales                           )
                                            )
                Plaintiffs,                 )
                                            )
v                                           )	CIV NO 97 0266 Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )
Director, National Security Agency	         )
National Security Agency		              )
                                            )
                Defendant                   )
PLAINTIFFS' MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT ON BASED ON
EVIDENCE FROM ADMISSIONS
1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne [Payne] and Morales [Morales] [Plaintiffs], pro se litigants to exercise their rights guaranteed under the Constitution and Federal Rules of Civil As the court may know,
  Rule 26 (b)(1)   Parties may obtain discovery regarding any mater, not     privileged, which is relevant to the subject matter    involved in the pending action, whether it relates    to the claim or defense of the party seeking discovery   or to the claim or defense of any other party, including    the existence, description, nature, custody, condition,    and LOCATION of any books documents, or other tangible   thing and the identity and location of persons have   knowledge of any discoverable matter.   Rule 36 states,   Request for admission (a) A party may serve upon any other   party a written request for the admission, for the    purposes of the pending action only, of the truth of any    matters within the scope of Rule 26(b) set forth the   request that relate to statements or opinions of fact   or of the application of law to fact including the   genuineness of any documents described in the request.     Copies of documents shall  be served with the request   unless they have been or otherwise furnished or made   available for inspection and copying.  The request   may WITHOUT LEAVE OF THE COURT, be served upon the   plaintiff after commencement of the action and upon any    other party with or after service of the summons and   complaint upon that party. ... Plaintiffs capitalize WITHOUT LEAVE OF THE COURT. 2  Rule 36 states,
  {T]he matter IS ADMITTED unless, within 30 days after   service of the request, or with such shorter or longer   time as the court may allow, the party to whom the   request is directed serves upon the party requesting   the admission a written answer or objection address   to the matter signed by the party or by the party's   attorney, ...
Plaintiffs capitalize IS ADMITTED.
3 PLAINTIFFS' FIRST SET OF REQUEST FOR ADMISSION TO  NSA DIRECTOR KENNETH MINIHAN were served  I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing request  for admissions was mailed to Jan Elizabeth Mitchell,  Assistant US Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102  this  Monday November 3, 1997. More than 30 days elapsed  and Plaintiff's have received no response from Minihan or Mitchell.
Therefore, Minihan ADMITS
  1  NSA is involved in 'spiking' [modifying the      advertised intended functions] electronic      equipment.
  2  NSA 'spiked' Iranian and Libyan cryptographic units      so that the  cryptographic key was transmitted with      the cipher text.
  3  Iranian messages were given to Iraq during the      Iran/Iraq war.
  4  NSA was involved in the conviction, by giving      contents of secret messages, of Ali Vakili-Rad      and Masour Hendi to the Court in Paris in the trial      for the stabbing death of Shapour Baktiar.   5  Minihan knows where copies of intercepted messages      are kept at NSA.
4  Requests for First set of Admission were mailed October 13, 1997.   More than 30 days has elapsed.  No response from lawyer Mitchell or respondents were received
by Plaintiffs.
Therefore,  NSA employee Brian Snow ADMITS
  1 He designed the cryptographic algorithm for the     Missile Secure Cryptographic Unit  (MSCU).   2 NSA funded the MSCU  at Sandia labs.
  3 In about 1983 he gave a presentation at NSA FANX     building to some Sandians involved with the Missile     Secure Cryptographic Unit.   4 In the presentation he showed electronic schematics     of the units to the Sandians.
  5 He told the Sandians about the electronic and     operational problems NSA had with the      cryptographic units he bought with him.
  6 He told the Sandians that one of the cryptographic     units failed in the Moscow embassy and transmitted     clear text.
  7 He concluded his talk telling the Sandians that NSA     had no operational failures once NSA went to dual     redundant cryptographic units.
  8 He told the Sandians not to ask for a theoretical     reason why dual redundant cryptographics never     failed, in the sense of releasing classified data,     but that this was based on practical  experience.
  9 William H. Payne was one of the Sandians in the     audience of his talk.
  10 He sat across the table from William H. Payne at      lunch in the cafeteria in the basement of the      FANX building directly after his talk.
  11  He was involved in algorithms associated with       the Clipper project.
  12  He where the documents specifying the MSCU       algorithm are located at NSA.
  13  He knows where the documents specifying       algorithms associated with the Clipper project       are located at NSA.
NSA employee Thomas White ADMITS
  15 He served as the liaison between NSA and Sandia      for the Deployable Seismic Verification System.
  16 He forwarded documents such as NSA's Orange book      and the public key Firefly chip to Sandia.
  17 He told Bill Payne that NSA regarded former      president Ronald Reagan as one of the US's       greatest traitors.   18 He told Bill Payne that the reasons NSA regarded      Ronald Reagan as one of the US's greatest traitors      is that Reagan, on TV announced to the world      that the US was reading Libyan communications.   19  He Bill Payne that the following day [after       Reagan's TV announcement] NSA could no longer       read Libyan communications.
  20  He knows where the documents specifying       Benincasa's correction to the original USO        seismic data authentication algorithm are       located at NSA.
NSA employee Mark Unkenholtz ADMITS
  21  He visited Sandia in about 1986-87 with R       division employee Ed Georgio to discuss which       data authentication algorithm should be used for       the US/USSR deployable seismic verification       system (DSVS).   22 He and Bill Payne discussed using public key for      the DSVS system.   23  He concluded that there were too many problems       with public key so it was best to continue using       the old Benincasa  USO (unmanned seismic        observatory) algorithm.   24  In 1989 he and others asked Bill Payne to write a       memorandum to NSA deputy director James J. Hearn       requesting help from NSA to develop new data       authentication algorithms.   25  He did this is because R division needed a letter       of support for more funding.   26  The DRAFT letter he asked Payne to write is seen       on Internet at jya.com, click cryptome, catch the        thread at August 29, 1997, SANDIA REPORT,        SAND91-2201 UC 706, Data Authentication for the        Deployable Seismic Verification System,         Appendix T, Benincasa's Algorithm Deficiencies.
  27  He asked Payne to fax the DRAFT letter to his       fiancee, Amy Johnston, since NSA did not have fax       for unclassified work readily available to use.
  28 The "To Mark and Ed, R" on page 183 of      SAND91-2201 UC 706 addressed him and his boss      boss at the time, Ed Donohue.
  29  He told Payne that NSA takes about a year to       evaluate an encryption/authentication algorithm        before it can be distributed for use.   30  He told Payne, in a response to a question from       Payne, that NSA runs crypto algorithms through       statistical tests.   31 After Payne wrote the Appendix T memorandum, NSA      sent a delegation to Sandia.   32  He and NSA employee Scott Judy designed a       replacement algorithm for Beninicasa's USO       algorithm.
  33  The replacement algorithm was code named GRANITE.   34  The GRANITE design addressed some of the       deficiencies in Benincasa's algorithm enumerated       in Payne's Appendix T June 21, 1989 DRAFT letter       to Hearn.   35 The GRANITE design addressed some of the      deficiencies in Benincasa's algorithm enumerated      in Payne's Appendix T June 21, 1989 DRAFT letter      to Hearn.   36 He knows where the documents specifying      Benincasa's to the original USO seismic data      authentication algorithm are located at NSA.
  37 He knows where the documents specifying his and      Judy's GRANITE algorithm are  located at NSA.
NSA employee Scott Judy ADMITS
  38  He met Payne at Sandia sometime after he wrote       the DRAFT letter on Internet at jya.com, click       cryptome, catch the thread at August 29, 1997,       SANDIA REPORT, SAND91-2201  UC 706, Data       Authentication for the Deployable Seismic       Verification System,  Appendix T,  Benincasa's       Algorithm Deficiencies.
  39  He later met Payne again at NSA in a meeting.   40  He told Payne that NSA bases its cryptographer       algorithm on principles other than mathematics.   41  He and NSA employee Mark Unkenholtz designed a       replacement algorithm for Beninicasa's USO       algorithm.   42  His replacement algorithm was code named GRANITE.   43 GRANITE design addressed some of the deficiencies      in Benincasa's algorithm enumerated in Payne's      Appendix T June 21, 1989 DRAFT letter to Hearn.   44  The number stepping on the internal registers of       GRANITE  was decreased in response to        deficiency 2 enumerated in the June 21, 1989       letter to Hern.   45  He knows where the documents specifying       Benincasa's correction to the original USO        seismic data authentication algorithm are       located at NSA.
  46  He knows where the documents specifying his        and Unkenholtz's GRANITE algorithm are located        at NSA.
NSA employee Edward Donohue ADMITS
  47  He met Payne at Sandia sometime after he wrote       the DRAFT letter on Internet at jya.com, click       cryptome, catch the thread at August 29, 1997,       SANDIA REPORT, SAND91-2201 UC 706, Data       Authentication for the Deployable Seismic       Verification System,  Appendix T,  Benincasa's       Algorithm Deficiencies.
  48 He was head of NSA's R division cryptographic      algorithms division in 1989.
  49 He knows where      1    Benincasa's original NSS/USO algorithm,      2    Benincasa's revision of 1,      3    The Unkenholtz - Judy GRANITE algorithm,      4    Brian Snow's  MSCU algorithm,      5    the clipper algorithms,      6    the STU III algorithms.      written specifications are located at NSA.
NSA employee Paul Bridge ADMITS
  50  He assumed liaison control from NSA employee       Tom White for the US/USSR seismic data       authenticator.   51 He placed a copy of     WORKING AGREEMENT BETWEEN  SANDIA NATIONAL     LABORATORIES  AND THE NATIONAL SECURITY     AGENCY CONCERNING RESEARCH IN CRYPTOGRAPHY     AT SANDIA NATIONAL LABORATORY   Sandia National Laboratories (SNL) and the National   Security Agency (NSA) have established a working   relationship which has gown substantially over   the last decade.  Currently, there exist several   joint project areas of mutual interest.   Different policies and administrative procedure   exist at SNL and NSA which govern the handling   of sensitive and classified material, and the   documentation and dissemination of such   work.  It is the purpose of the Agreement to   specify the general guidelines under which work   will be administered in the area of cryptography   research at SNL.   First, SNL, in its role as systems integrator,   requires and indigenous cryptographic capability   to support its Department of Energy mission in the   design and development of safe and secure nuclear   weapons and in treaty verification.  SNL and NSA   agree to a cooperative effort to support SNL's needs   in a manner consistent with the role of such work   to national security.   Second, NSA, in its role as the U.S. Government   approval authority for cryptographic systems   developed for and used in national security   applications, recognizes its responsibility to   provide support and guidance to SNL's activities   in applying cryptography.   Third, SNL will regard cryptographic research   work as classified when it is initiated or   created, i.e., will protect such work as   "created classified", and will consult with   NSA prior to handling such work as unclassified.   Periodic technical and managerial discussions   between SNL and NSA will be held to increase   the awareness of the security concerns of   both organizations and to develop and maintain   an SNL cryptographic classification guide which   will protect the national security interests of   both organizations.   This working agreement shall be effective on   the date of the last signature and will be   reviewed annually by SNL and NSA.  It will be   valid until terminated by mutual agreement.   AGREED:   ALBERT NARATH	RADM JAMES S. MCFARLAND   (USN)   President		Plans and Policy   TITLE			TITLE   SANDIA NATIONAL	NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY   LABORATORIES
  June 10, 1991		22 July 1991   DATE			DATE   which is now seen on Internet at jya.com,   click cryptome, catch the thread at August 29,   1997.   52 His purpose of giving Payne a copy of the      Narath/MacFarland agreement an attempt to      threaten Payne.
  53  He told Payne that Sandia must regard the       US/USSR Deployable Seismic Verification       System (DSVS) authenticator as classified       and get permission from NSA to place the       unit in the field.    54  He told Payne that Sandia must have the DSVS       authenticator TEMPEST tested .
  55  He agrees Payne responded to him that the       previous unit had already passed TEMPEST       testing and that Payne's Sandia project       leader, H. B. [Jim] Durham, did not want to       spend the money to repeat the testing.   56  He told Payne that NSA should be getting the       capability to build cryptographic devices. NSA employee Rick Proto ADMITS
  57  He and group of other NSA employees met       Sandians H. B. Durham,  Ron Moya, and       William Payne at NSA at Fort George G.       Meade in about 1986 to discuss, in part,        implementation of the Deployable Seismic       Verification System data authenticator.   58  He and other NSA employees directed that       the NSA Unmanned Seismic Observatory data        authenticator algorithm designed by NSA       employee Ronald Benincasa be implemented       entirely in hardware.
  59  He and the other NSA employees at the meeting,       directed that the data authenticator be       enclosed in a TEMPEST enclosure.  Sandians       expressed objection to the TEMPEST enclosure       in that the authenticator was housed in a steel       tube buried about 100 meters beneath ground       surface.   60  He agrees that he and NSA employee Robert       Morris met with Sandia cryptographer G. J.       Simmons when Simmons asked them both the two       questions:       1  NSA is sorry it delegated cryptographic          implementation responsibility to Sandia          for nuclear weapons;       2  NSA is trying to take back this          responsibility?   61  He and/or Morris refuse to respond to       Simmons' above question.
Retired Sandia Employee Gustavus J Simmons ADMITS
  62  He with Sandia Paul Stokes designed a data       authentication algorithm for seismic treaty       verifications in the early 1970s.
  63  He and Stokes either patented, tried to patent,       or contemplated patenting their       authentication algorithm.   64  NSA, when we presented their seismic data       authentication algorithm to the Agency,       rejected its  use.
  65  He know that NSA gave Sandia the data       authentication algorithm designed by NSA        employee Ronald Benincasa to use in seismic       verification rather than use your and       Stokes algorithm.
  66  He feels that the algorithm that he and Stokes       proposed is as good or better than       Benincasa's algorithm.
  67  He feels that NSA demanding Sandia use       Benincasa's algorithm could be a case of        Not-invented-here as opposed to technical       advantages over his and Stokes       algorithm.
  68  In about 1986 he gave a presentation in       Sandia spook-shop building 868 to promote       the use of public key cryptography for use       in the Deployable Seismic Verification System.
  69  No one, until he received a copy of Payne's       technical report in 1992, SANDIA REPORT,       SAND91-2201 UC 706, Data Authentication for       the Deployable Seismic  Verification System       told him what algorithm and authentication       technology was used.
  70 He asked NSA employees Rick Proto and Robert      Morris to the effect,       1  NSA is sorry it delegated cryptographic          implementation responsibility to Sandia          for nuclear weapons;       2  NSA is trying to take back this          responsibility.
  71  Proto or Morris did not answer his questions.
  72  He retired before he planned from Sandia Labs.
  73  He felt that NSA exerted some pressure on       Sandia to have him retire.
  74  He told William Payne on the phone that he       was forced into early retirement as a result        of NSA pressures.
  75  He felt that some NSA algorithms do not are       properly classifiable.
  76 He felt that NSA abuses classification with      regard to cryptography.
  77 He feels that cryptography, by its 'slippery      math' basis, is difficult, if not impossible,      to regulate.
Sandia employee D. Jerry Allen ADMITS
  78  He was a supervisor Sandia's weapons components       department.   79  NSA has responsibility for furnished Sandia the       cryptographic algorithms and approving the        implementation technology which went into the       electronic locks in the US nuclear arsenal.   80  He told William Payne in about 1991-92 that       it cost $300,000 per nuclear bomb to recall       bombs to Pantex to remove and repair Sandia's       failing semiconductor chips.
Sandia employee Ronald Kulju ADMITS
  81  He worked in Sandia weapons components       department in about 1986/7.
  82  He was working on a project which involved       use of the Cylink corporation CY 1024 public       key cryptography semiconductor chip.    82  He made an agreement in about 1986/7 with       Payne.  He would design the hardware        oscillator for the CY 1024 if Payne would       try to get CY 1024 to communicate with an       80c51  microcontroller using synchronous       Mode 0 communications.   83  He told Payne that Sandia's public key       cryptography chips did not get the same       answers as the CY 1024.   84  He told Payne that NSA and Sandia was in       the process of removing  the public key       cryptography from weapons systems.
4  Admissions reveal that NSA employees KNOW where the lawfully requested documents reside.  And that NSA has EMBARRASSING problems with its cryptographic
5  Rule 56 states.  Summary Judgment states,
  The judgment sought shall be rendered forthwith   if the pleadings, depositions, answers to   interrogatories, and admissions on file,   together with the affidavits, if any,
  show that there is NO GENUINE ISSUE AS TO ANY
  MATERIAL FACT and that the moving party is   entitled to judgment as a matter of law.
Plaintiffs capitalize NO GENUINE ISSUE AS TO ANY
MATERIAL FACT.
Admissions attest to the contention that there are NO GENUINE ISSUE AS TO ANY MATERIAL FACT.
6  Replace judges Svet and Campos because these judges
have demonstrated, IN WRITING, they do not follow the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
7  Award Plaintiffs motion for summary judgment as a matter of law based on admissions.  8  Have replacement judges ORDER Defendant to produce immediately produce documents in machine-readable format for publication on Internet. In preparation for settlement of
this unfortunate bungled spy sting.  And analysis of 'deficient' NSA cryptographic algorithm work designed to get the US government out of the cryptography business.
9 grant such other relief as the Court may deem just and proper.
Respectfully submitted,                     _________________________                     William H. Payne             	   	                         13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                         Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                         _________________________				                     Arthur R. Morales                                                1024 Los Arboles NW                                             Albuquerque, NM 87107                                            Pro se litigants                CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this Monday December 22, 1997.

@_date: 1997-11-08 00:47:08
@_author: billp 
@_subject: NSA lawsuit recent documents 
I think NSA tangled with the wrong groups.
Let's hope for settlement.

@_date: 1997-11-29 00:02:32
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: NSA 
The battle continues.
Friday 11/28/97 6:27 AM
John Young
Morales and I could not find the word surreply in the dictionary.
Microsoft Word spelling checker didn�t recognize surreply either.
Speculation is that if I showed up at the NM district federal court clerk�s office this morning with a surreply, the clerk would not file
it for the reason that we did not have the leave of court.
But, of course, we are not filing a surreply.  We like the Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure better than New Mexico local rules..
Had a great time at my former Ph.D. student Sobolewski's home last night.
Voytek visited this summer from Poland.  I met him
Voytek brought Sobolewski some Chopin Polish vodka.  And several other bottles of Polish vodka. One had grass in the bottle.
Sobolewski was born in Cracow in 1939.
Sobolewski even recalls as a youth seeing the freight trains going east.  Loaded with people.  Arbeit macht frei.
Let�s hope some people see the merits in prompt settlement before this matter gets worse.  And get the American eagle flying
right. Especially the legal eagle.
                 FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
William H. Payne        	   	    )
Arthur R. Morales                           )
                                            )
                Plaintiffs,                 )
                                            )
v                                           )	CIV NO 97 0266 Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )
Director, National Security Agency	    )
National Security Agency		    )
                                            )
                Defendant                   )
PLAINTIFFS' ANSWER TO DEFENDANT'S CROSS-CLAIM REPLY TO PLAINTIFFS' RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT'S MOTION FOR PARTIAL  DISMISSAL AND MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT
1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne [Payne] and Morales [Morales] [Plaintiffs], pro se litigants to exercise their rights guaranteed under the Local Civil Rules to respond to DEFENDANT'S REPLY TO PLAINTIFFS' RESPONSE TO DEFENDANT'S  MOTION FOR PARTIAL DISMISSAL AND MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT [REPLY] filed 97 NOV 14 by assistant US attorney Jan Mitchell.
2 Local Civil Rule 7.6 Timing of and Restrictions on
Responses and Replies, (b) Surreply states
  The filing of a surreply requires leave of the Court.
But this filing is NOT A SURREPLY.
Rule 7 of the Federal Rules for Civil Procedure states
  (a)  Pleadings.  There shall be a complaint and an
  answer; a reply to a counterclaim denominated as such;
  an answer to a cross-claim, if the answer contains
  a cross-claim; a third-party complaint, if a person who   was not an original party is summoned under the provision
  of Rule 14; and a third-party answer, if a third-party                      complaint is served.  No other pleading shall be allowed,
  except that the court may order a reply to an answer or a
  third party answer.
Mitchell makes a claim in her REPLY.
Mitchell writes,
  It continues to be Defendant's position that Plaintiffs'
  Complaint for Injunctive Relief ("Complaint") filed February
  28, 1997 must be dismissed.
This ANSWER contains a cross-claim answer. Namely, give the public the documents legally requested under the FOIA.
3  Mitchell writes,
  Plaintiffs make the sweeping assertion that the "29 cases
  in Mitchell's MEMORANDUM ... do NOT APPLY to the facts in this
  case.  However, they cite to absolutely no case law to support
  their position.
No citations to case law are required for the reason that
Plaintiffs EXHAUSTED THEIR ADMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES, as stated
by NSA deputy director William P. Crowell.
Plaintiffs support their position by FACTS in this matter.
Mitchell attempts to force Plaintiffs to support the FACTS in this lawsuit with case law. Mitchell cited case law that applies ONLY when those seeking documents under the FOIA did NOT exhaust administrative Mitchell's case law DOES NOT APPLY to this lawsuit for the reason that Plaintiffs DID EXHAUST ADMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES.
Lawyer Mitchell appears to attempt to apply the Nazi strategy     If you tell a big enough lie often enough, people
   will begin to believe it.
The lie Mitchell is attempting to convince readers of these
documents of is that Plaintiffs DID NOT exhaust administrative Plaintiffs DID EXHAUST ADMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES.  NSA deputy
director and NSA FOIA/PA Appeals Authority William P. Crowell
writes 31 December 1996 4  Mitchell writes,
  The legal authority relied upon I the Memorandum in Support   of Defendant's Motion for Partial Dismissal and Motion for
  Summary Judgment (hereinafter referred to the "Memorandum"),
  provides clear legal basis for the Court to either dismiss
  Plaintiff's [sic] Complaint, or granting summary judgment to   Defendant as a matter of law.
Plaintiffs disagree.  Mitchell cites no case law to support
the above paragraph.
Rather Plaintiffs lawfully requested documents, mostly of KNOWN EXISTENCE AND LOCATION, and, as the Court may be aware
  When an administrative appeal is denied, a requester has
  the right to appeal the denial in court. A FOIA appeal   lawsuit can be filed in the U.S. District Court in the       district where the requester lives. The requester can also     file suit in the district where the documents are located or   in the District of Columbia. When a requester goes to court,   the burden of justifying the withholding of documents is on   the government. This is a distinct advantage for the   requester.
Mitchell wrongly seeks to have Defendant withhold the requested documents for the reason that she CLAIMS Plaintiffs have failed to exhaust administrative remedies.  Bur Plaintiffs HAVE EXHAUSTED ADMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES as NSA former deputy director Crowell told Payne IN WRITING.
5  Mitchell writes,
  In Paragraphs 1-6 of Plaintiffs' Response, Plaintiffs appear
  to be claiming the Defendant has misrepresented this facts
  concerning Plaintiff Payne's Freedom of Information Act/
  Privacy Act("FOIA/PA") requests.  It is true that Plaintiff
  Payne did file two FOIA request with the National Security
  Agency ('NSA/Agency") and that NSA did not respond with the
  statutory time limit.  It is also true that Plaintiff Payne
  appealed with NSA the nonresponse to both requests and   subsequently received a letter dated 31 December 1997, from
  William P. Crowell, the Freedom on Information AC/Privacy
  Act appeals Authority.  Mr. Crowell stated, among other things
  that no administrative remedy could be offered at that time.
Lawyer Mitchell's "at that time" appears to be an argument that
Plaintiffs should wait indefinitely for NSA to produce requested
documents.  Plaintiffs exercise their rights and proceed to court as the law allows when administrative remedies have been
Mitchell UNSUCCESSFULLY ATTEMPTS to make a valid argument that Plaintiffs had to wait even longer AFTER ADMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES
WERE EXHAUSTED before filing a FOIA lawsuit.
6  Mitchell writes,
  Attachment 4 to Exhibit A, the Winch Declaration attached to
  Defendant's Memorandum.
NSA employee GARY W. WINCH [Winch], Director of Policy, made
a false statement under oath in an unsuccessful attempt to
reverse NSA deputy director Crowell's letter informing Payne
that administrative remedies were exhausted.
Winch's violation of the False Statement Act earned Winch
a criminal complaint affidavit file with selected magistrate
judge Antonin Scalia.
6  Mitchell writes,
  Despite the fact that Mr. Payne was clearly informed that he     could treat the letter from William P. Crowell as a denial of
  his appeal and he could proceed under 5 U.S.C. section 552 to
  seek judicial review of the determination, Mr. Payne did not
  proceed to exercise his right to file a civil lawsuit in the
  United States at that time.
Mitchell unsuccessfully attempts to make a valid argument that IMMEDIATELY UPON receiving Crowell's letter that Plaintiffs
were REQUIRED to file a lawsuit.  Mitchell cites no law to
support her argument.
The reason Mitchell cites no law is that the law does not
specify WHEN a plaintiff must file a lawsuit.
As the court may know 5 USC 552 states
  (B) On complaint, the district court of the United States
  in the district in which the complainant resides, or has his
  principal place of business, or in which the agency records       are situated, or in the District of Columbia, has jurisdiction   to enjoin the agency from withholding agency records and to   order the production of any agency records improperly withheld   from the complainant. In such a case the court shall determine    the matter de novo, and may examine the contents of such   agency records in camera to determine whether such records or   any part thereof shall be withheld under any of the exemptions   set forth in subsection (b) of this section, and the burden is   on the agency to sustain its action. In addition to any other   matters to which a court accords substantial weight, a court   shall accord substantial weight to an affidavit of an agency
  concerning the agency's determination as to technical
  feasibility under paragraph (2)(C) and subsection (b) and
  reproducibility under paragraph (3)(B).
    (C) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the
  defendant shall serve an answer or otherwise plead to any
  complaint made under this subsection within thirty days after
  service upon the defendant of the pleading in which such
  complaint is made, unless the court otherwise directs for good
  cause shown.
So Mitchell's argument that Plaintiffs were required to file
this lawsuit within a specific time after receiving Crowell's
letter must be dismissed as not supported by law.
7  Mitchell writes,
    In a letter dated 6 January 1997, Plaintiff Payne was         advised that his request for a waiver of fees had been denied
  and informed him of the estimate of the cost to search for the
  records concerning the algorithms.
NSA was clearly attempting to deny furnishing the requested documents by asking Payne for money for SEARCHING for the documents.  Payne worked with NSA implementing NSA crypto algorithms for about ten years.   Payne KNOWS WHO has documents and about WHERE the documents are located.
NO SEARCH IS REQUIRED.
Asking for fees to SEARCH is clearly a unintelligent ruse
to deny furnishing the legally requested documents.
8  Mitchell writes
  Attachment 5 to Exhibit A, the Winch Declaration attached
  to Defendant's Memorandum.  Once that letter was received,
  Mr. Payne was clearly on notice that NSA was continuing
  to process his FOIA request, and he was specifically   notified that if he did not agree with the fee determination,
  he could appeal in writing with 60 days to the NSA/CSS   Freedom of Information Act Appeals Authority.  He chose not
  to appeal the denial of the fee waiver nor did he pay the
  estimated costs.  Exhibit A, Winch Declaration, at 5, section
  14.
Payne is not required to appeal fee determination denial if Plaintiffs are NOT SUING OVER A FEE WAIVER DENIAL.
Mitchell cites no law to show that Payne is required to appeal
a FOIA fee denial before filing suit for legally requested
Winch wrote,
  The search cost estimate was $1,317.50, as computed in   accordance with DOD regulations.  Mr. Payne was informed
  that 2 hours of search would be conducted at no cost to
  him as required by the FOIA In accordance with its   regulations, NSA requires advance  payment of cost   exceeding $250 prior to initiating a search. Mr. Payne   was so informed in the Agency's 6 January letter and was   requested to pay the $1,267.50 (the remainder of the   estimated search costs) within 30 days.
Winch CLEARLY attempts to scam Payne by asking for $1,317.50
for a SEARCH.  No search is required.
Filing a lawsuit permits Discovery WITHOUT LEAVE OF THE COURT.
Discovery is used to located documents.
  Rule 26 (b)(1)   Parties may obtain discovery regarding any mater, not       privileged, which is relevant to the subject matter    involved in the pending action, whether it relates to the     claim or defense of the party seeking discovery or to the   claim or defense of any other party, including the existence,    description, nature, custody, condition, and LOCATION of any   books documents, or other tangible thing and the identity and   location of persons  have knowledge of any discoverable    matter. Economics of clearly wasting $1,317.50 or paying $125 for this
public internationally Internet-viewed lawsuit clearly favored the latter approach to get the lawfully requested documents.
9  Mitchell writes
    Despite Plaintiffs unsupported protestation to the contrary,
  the law is absolutely clear that when a requester elects not
  to go to court immediately -in this case, immediately after
  receiving the letter dated 31 December 1996 and before     receiving the letter dated 06 January 1997 - he must exhaust
  all administrative remedies within the agency.  Mr. Payne
  must have administratively exhausted the decision on the fee
  waiver decision.  Oglesby v. Department of the Army, 920 F2.d
  57, 61 (D.D.Cir. 1990); McDonnell v. United States of America,
  4 F.3d 1227, 1240 (3d Cir. 1993).  He is not do so.
 Mitchell cites no law to support her statement that Plaintiffs
are REQUIRED "to go to court immediately."  In fact, appearance
is that Mitchell has made another false statement under oath.
The fee $1,317.50 Winch requested for a search for documents
of known location, or whose location could be established
with Discovery, did not have to be appealed to exhaust administrative remedies.
Payne could have appealed the denial of waiver of fees but
chose not to because this was clearly a ploy on Winch's part
to cost Payne money.  And Mitchell cannot, because their is
no requirement, cite law to show that Payne is required
to appeal a fee waiver denial if Plaintiffs are not using
about fee waiver denial.
If Plaintiff's WISHED, which they did not, to sue for
fee waiver, then Payne would have had to appeal the denial
of FEE WAIVER to exhaust administrative remedies.
5 USC 552 4(A) states about a fee waiver denial lawsuit
  (vii) In any action by a requester regarding the waiver of
  fees under this section, the court shall determine the matter
  de novo: Provided, That the court's review of the matter shall
  be limited to the record before the agency.
But this lawsuit IS NOT ABOUT WAIVER OF FEES, it is about obtaining the lawfully requested documents.
Mitchell again attempts, unsuccessfully, to distort the law
by citing Oglesby and McDonnell where administrative remedies
were NOT exhausted.
This lawsuit is about obtaining documents.
Plaintiffs DID NOT sue for fee waiver denial.  Therefore,
no appeal of FEE WAIVER DENIAL was required.
10  Mitchell writes
    Plaintiffs not attempt to excuse Plaintiff Payne's failure
  to exhaust the administrative appeal process, by claiming that     the request for payment is a "ploy" to avoid providing
  the documents.  Plaintiff Payne asserts that he knows where     the records are located with NSA because of his association
  with the Agency during his employment with Sandia National
  Laboratory [sic] and, therefore, he maintains that no search
  is required.  Plaintiffs' Response, at 4 section 9.  Plaintiff
  Payne also asserts that even if he had paid the estimated
  costs, the Agency would not have produced the documents.
  Within the specified guiltiness, the FOIA allows an agency to
  assess fees for processing requests made under the Act and
  to require advance payment of estimated fees if it is   determined that the fees will exceed $250.  5 U.S.C section
  552(a)(4)(A)(i), (v).  The obligation is to conduct a search,
  the scope of which is reasonably calculated to lead to the   discovery of responsive records.  Under the law, there is no
  requirement that records actually be discovered in a search
  for which a requester pays.  OMB Fee Guidelines, 52 Fed. Reg.
  10,011, 10,018 (1987).  Even if Mr. Payne did know the   location of the records, (and Defendant certainly does not
  agree that he does),  The Agency would still have an   obligation under the law to conduct an adequate search.    Further, even if the records are found, they may still be   withheld under various FOIA exemptions.  In fact, the letter   from James P. Cavanaugh dated 06 January 1997, specifically   informed Mr. Payne that if any responsive records were found,   they would still have to be reviewed for releasibility and   that the records of this type most likely would be classified   or otherwise exempt from disclosure. Attachment F to Exhibit A
  to Defendant's Memorandum.
    Plaintiffs make an unsupported argument that because NSA
  did not respond to the FOIA requests within the allotted time,
  and because NSA failed to return the green return receipt
  cards, (Plaintiffs' Response, at 2 section 4),"[t]he law
  allows at requester to consider that his or her request has   been denied . . . [t]his permits the requester to file an
  administrative appeal."  Even if this statement were true,
  it has not bearing on the facts before the Court.  Plaintiff
  Payne did not timely file in Federal court prior to receiving
  the January 1997 letter from NSA informing him of the fee
  determination.  He may not pursue his action in Federal   court because he has not exhausted administrative remedies.
Mitchell again is incorrect.
Two issues can come before the court.
  1 Demand for documents illegally withheld under the FOIA.
  2 Demand for fee waiver.  Text of both laws are reproduced in this ANSWER.
The lawsuit is about 1.  NOT 2.
Administrative remedies were exhausted as Crowell stated.
And Plaintiffs proceeded to court as permitted by law. Mitchell, as an officer of the court, has again violated
the False Statement Act again by presenting to the Court
and argument not relying on the facts of this case.
Plaintiffs did, in fact, EXHAUST ALL ADMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES
as required to proceed to court.
11  Michell states,
    The remainder of Plaintiffs Response, [Paragraphs 7-14]
  is filled with unrelated pieces of information from various
  sources, suppositions, assumptions, and accusations, all
  apparently designed to challenge the Agency's decision that
  to admit or deny the existence of the Iranian and Libyan
  messages and translations would reveal classified information.
  As discussed in some depth in Defendant's Memorandum, the
  Agency is accorded great deference in the area, and nothing
  Plaintiffs have presented rises to level of evidence to show
  "bad faith" by the Agency in it decision-making process.
  Halperin v. CIA, 629 F.2d 144, 148 (D.C. Cir. 1980).
    In addition, Plaintiffs appear to be claiming that   information concerning records of Iranian message traffic
  and translations has been put into the public domain by
  both former President Reagan and various authors or books and
  newspapers.  Plaintiffs bear the burden of "pointing to
  specific information in the public domain that appears to
  duplicate the information withheld." Afshar v. Department of
  State, 702 F2.d 1125, 1130 (D.D.C. 1989).  With regard to   classified material pertaining to national security concerns,
  court have held that unofficial leaks and public surmise can
  often be ignored by foreign governments that might perceive
  themselves to be harmed by disclosure; but official   acknowledgment may for a government to retaliate. Afshar,
  702 F.2d at 1131.
    Defendant submit that, in this case, all Plaintiffs have   done is identify a mishmash of information from various
  public sources, including the Internet, and then claim that
  if it is published in some manner, it must be true.  Such a
  conglomeration of information does nothing to satisfy   Plaintiff's burden in this regard.  Plaintiffs cannot point
  to any source which published the documentation which   Plaintiffs asserts exists:  NSA intercepted the Libyan message     and translations between January 21, 1980 and June 19, 1996.      In addition, generalized allegations that classified   information has been leaked to the media or otherwise made   available to the public will not defeat an Exemption 1 claim   under the FOIA. Executive Order 12958 section 1.2 (c); Public   Citizen v. Department of State, 11 F.3d 198, 201 (D.C. Cir.   1993).
Michell's statement,
  Plaintiffs cannot point to any source which published the   documentation which Plaintiffs asserts exists:  NSA   intercepted the Libyan message and translations between   January 21, 1980 and June 19, 1996.
is clearly false as the following Internet news story
  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict                     by J. Orlin Grabbe One of the dirty little secrets of the 1980s is that the U.S. regularly provided Iraq's Saddam Hussein with top-secret communication intercepts by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA). Consider the evidence. When in 1991 the government of Kuwait paid the public relations firm of Hill & Knowlton ten million dollars to drum up American war fever against the evil dictator Hussein, it brought about the end of a long legacy of cooperation between the U.S. and Iraq. Hill & Knowlton resurrected the World War I propaganda story about German soldiers roasting Belgian babies on bayonets, updated in the form of a confidential witness (actually the daughter of the
Kuwaiti ambassador to the U.S.) who told Congress a tearful story of Iraqi soldiers taking Kuwaiti babies out of incubators and leaving them on the cold floor to die. President George Bush then repeated this fabricated tale in speeches ten times over the next three days. What is remarkable about this staged turn of events is that, until then, Hussein had operated largely with U.S. approval. This cooperation had spanned three successive administrations, starting with Jimmy Carter. As noted by John R. MacArthur, "From 1980 to 1988, Hussein had shouldered the burdenof killing about 150,000 Iranians, in addition to at least thirteen thousand of his own citizens, including several thousand unarmed Kurdish civilians, and in
the process won the admiration and support of elements of three successive U.S. Administrations" [1]. Hussein's artful slaughter of Iranians was aided by good military intelligence. The role of NSA in the conflict is an open secret in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. Only in this country has there been a relative news blackout, despite the fact that it was the U.S. administration that let the crypto cat out of the bag. First, U.S. President Ronald Reagan informed the world on national television that the United States was reading Libyan communications. This admission was part of a speech justifying the retaliatory bombing of Libya for its alleged involvement in the La Belle discotheque bombing in Berlin's
Schoeneberg district, where two U.S. soldiers and a Turkish woman were killed, and 200 others injured. Reagan wasn't talking about American monitoring of Libyan news broadcasts. Rather, his "direct, precise, and undeniable proof" referred to secret (encrypted) diplomatic communication
between Tripoli and the Libyan embassy in East Berlin. Next, this leak was compound by the U.S. demonstration that it was also reading secret Iranian communications. As reported in Switzerland's Neue Zurcher Zeitung, the U.S. provided the contents of encrypted Iranian messages to France to assist in the conviction of Ali Vakili Rad and Massoud Hendi for the stabbing death in the Paris suburb of Suresnes of the former Iranian prime minister Shahpour Bakhtiar and his personal secretary Katibeh Fallouch. [2] What these two countries had in common was they had both purchased cryptographic communication equipment from the Swiss firm Crypto AG.  Crypto AG was founded in 1952 by the (Russian-born) Swedish cryptographer Boris Hagelin who located his company in Zug. Boris had created the
"Hagelin-machine", a encryption device similar to the German "Enigma". The Hagelin machine was used on the side of the Allies in World War II. Crypto AG was an old and venerable firm, and Switzerland was a neutral country. So Crypto AG's enciphering devices for voice communication and digital data networks were popular, and customers came from 130 countries. These included the Vatican, as well the governments of Iraq, Iran, and Libya. Such countries were naturally skeptical of cryptographic devices sold in many NATO countries, so turned to relatively neutral Switzerland for communication security. Iran demonstrated its suspicion about the source of the leaks, when it arrested Hans Buehler, a top salesman for Crypto AG, in Teheran on March 18, 1992. During his nine and a half months of solitary confinement in Evin prison in Teheran, Buehler was questioned again and again whether he had
leaked Teheran's codes or Libya's keys to Western powers. Luckily Buehler didn't know anything.   He in fact believed in his own sales pitch that Crypto AG was a neutral company and its equipment was the best. They were Swiss, after all. [3] Crypto AG eventually paid one million dollars for Buehler's release in January 1993, then promptly fired him once they had reassured themselves that he hadn't revealed anything important under interrogation, and because Buehler had begun to ask some embarrassing questions. Then reports appeared on
Swiss television, Swiss Radio International, all the major Swiss papers, and in German magazines like Der Spiegel. Had Crypto AG's equipment been spiked by Western intelligence services? the media wanted to know. The answer was Yes [4]. Swiss television traced the ownership of Crypto AG to a company in Liechtenstein, and from there back to a trust company in Munich. A witness appearing on Swiss television explained the real owner was the German government--the Federal Estates Administration. [5] According to Der Spiegel, all but 6 of the 6000 shares of Crypto AG were at one time owned by Eugen Freiberger, who resided in Munich and was head of the Crypto AG managing board in 1982. Another German, Josef Bauer, an authorized tax agent of the Muenchner Treuhandgesellschaft KPMG, and who was elected to the managing board in 1970, stated that his mandate had come from the German company Siemens. Other members of Crypto AG's management had also worked at Siemens. Was the German secret service, the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND), hiding behind the Siemens' connection? So it would seem. Der Spiegel reported that in October 1970, a secret meeting of the BND had discussed how the Swiss company Graettner could be guided into closer cooperation with Crypto AG, or could even merged with it. The BND additionally considered how "the Swedish company Ericsson
could be influenced through Siemens to terminate its own cryptographic business." [6] A former employee of Crypto AG reported that he had to coordinate his developments with "people from Bad Godesberg". This was the location of the "central office for encryption affairs" of the BND, and the service instructed Crypto AG what algorithms to use to create the codes. The employee also remembers an American "watcher", who strongly demanded the use of certain encryption methods. Representatives from NSA visited Crypto AG often. A memorandum of a secret workshop at Crypto AG in August 1975, where a new prototype of an encryption device was demonstrated, mentions the participation of Nora L. Mackebee, an NSA cryptographer. Motorola engineer Bob Newman says that Mackebee was introduced to him as a "consultant". Motorola cooperated with Crypto AG in the seventies in developing a new generation of
electronic encryption machines. The Americans "knew Zug very well and gave travel tips to the Motorola people for the visit at Crypto AG," Newman told Der Spiegel. Knowledgeable sources indicate that the Crypto AG enciphering process, developed in cooperation  with the NSA and the German company Siemans, involved secretly embedding the decryption key in the cipher text. Those who knew where to look could monitor the encrypted communication, then extract the decryption key that was also part of the transmission, and recover the plain text message. Decryption of a message by a knowledgeable third
party was not any more difficult than it was for the intended receiver. (More than one method was used. Sometimes the algorithm was simply deficient, with built-in exploitable weaknesses.) Crypto AG denies all this, of course, saying such reports are "pure invention". What information was provided to Saddam Hussein exactly? Answers to this question are currently being sought in a lawsuit against NSA in New Mexico, which has asked to see "all Iranian messages and translations between January 1, 1980 and June 10, 1996". [7] The passage of top-secret communications intelligence to someone like Saddam Hussein brings up other questions. Which dictator is the U.S. passing top secret messages to currently? Jiang Zemin? Boris Yeltsin? Will Saddam Hussein again become a recipient of NSA largess if he returns to the mass slaughter of Iranians? What exactly is the purpose of NSA anyway? One more question: Who is reading the Pope's communications?               Bibliography [1] John R. MacArthur, Second Front: Censorship and Propaganda in the Gulf War, Hill and Wang, New York, 1992. [2] Some of the background of this assassination can be found in "The Tehran Connection," Time Magazine, March 21, 1994. [3] The Buehler case is detailed in Res Strehle, Verschleusselt: der Fall Hans Beuhler, Werd Verlag, Zurich, 1994. [4] "For years, NSA secretly rigged Crypto AG machines so that U.S. eavesdroppers could easily break their codes, according to former company employees whose story is supported by company documents," "No Such Agency, Part 4: Rigging the Game," The Baltimore Sun, December 4, 1995. [5] Reported in programs about the Buehler case that were broadcast on Swiss Radio International on May 15, 1994 and July 18, 1994. [6] "Wer ist der befugte Vierte?": Geheimdienste unterwandern den Schutz von Verschlusselungsgeraten," Der Spiegel 36, 1996. [7] U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico, William H. Payne, Arthur R. Morales, Plaintiffs, v. Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director of National Security Agency, National Security Agency, Defendant, CIV NO 97 0266 SC/DJS. November 2, 1997
Web Page: Michell attempts to make a valid argument that withholding of intercepted message is proper because they are classified.
Mitchell references EO 12958 1.2,
  c) Classified information shall not be declassified    automatically as a result of any unauthorized disclosure of   identical or similar information.
Plaintiffs continue to believe, classification abuse aside, that
NSA should come clean about it bungled spy sting on Iran
and settle with its victims.  And US courts should not help NSA Clearly NSA getting caught in, according the Baltimore Sun,
the most "audacious" spy sting in its history, spiking crypto units so that the crypto key is transmitted with cipher text falls under EO 12958, Sec. 1.8. Classification Prohibitions and   (a) In no case shall information be classified in order to:
  (1) conceal violations of law, inefficiency, or administrative   error;
  (2) prevent embarrassment to a person, organization, or   agency;
  (3) restrain competition; or
  (4) prevent or delay the release of information that does not   require protection in the interest of national security. ...
Not section 1.2.
Clearly, NSA getting caught is one of the greatest blunders in intelligence history fall under 1.8 (1) and (2).  And also may account for the greatest number of dead victims.
But this is one part of this of this lawsuit. To get a help
get a count of the dead and maimed.
12 Mitchell writes
    Plaintiffs' allegation in the Response at Paragraph 9,
  at 4, that sanctions under the discovery rules might finally
  cause the Agency to produce some of the requested records is     fallacious.  This is a FOIA action; the purpose is to     determine whether  or not the Plaintiffs are properly in
  Federal Court, and whether or not the documents requested
  have been properly withheld under FOIA law.  It is not   appropriate to use the discovery rules contained in the   Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to bypass the requirements
  of the FOIA.
Mitchell is incorrect in her statement, " This is a FOIA action ..."
This is a LAWSUIT which WILL BE conducted under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.  Even in New Mexico.
Mitchell attempts to inject the rules of the FOIA into the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.  Plaintiffs will continue
to object.
The Plaintiffs have EXHAUSTED ADMINISTRATIVE REMEDIES and are
in court to obtain documents illegally withheld.  Plaintiffs
will use the tools available, including Discovery, under the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to locate and get the Plaintiffs ARE NOT in court to sue about waiver of fees.
13  Mitchell concludes
    Plaintiffs' Response contains no legal support for their
  contention that they are entitled to the requested   information.  Contrary to their assertion, the legal citations
  contained Defendant's Memorandum ARE most certainly relevant,
  because they contain the legal basis on which this Court must
  base it decision.  Plaintiffs' Complaint must be dismissed,
  or in the alternative, summary judgment must be granted to
  defendant.
Mitchell cites no legal support for her arguments.  Rather Mitchell has UNSUCCESSFULLY ATTEMPTED to make Plaintiffs'
lawsuit into a fee waiver denial lawsuit.  This is not a
fee waiver lawsuit. This is a lawsuit to obtain lawfully
requested documents.
1  Replace judges Svet and Campos because these judges
have demonstrated, IN WRITING, they do not follow the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
2  Remove lawyer Mitchell from the lawsuit for criminal violation of the False Statement Act. And violation of
the lawyers Rules of Professional Conduct.
Specifically Mitchell's violated in her REPLY   In all professional functions a lawyer should be competent,
  prompt, and diligent.
  A lawyer should use the law's procedures only for legitimate
  purposes and not to harass or intimidate other.
  [i]t is also a lawyer's duty to uphold the legal process.
  Failure to comply with an obligation or prohibition imposed
  by rule is a basis for invoking the disciplinary process.
  A lawyer shall not bring or defend a proceeding, or assert
  or controvert and issue therein, unless there is a basis for
  doing so that is not frivolous, which includes a good faith
  argument for an extension, modification or reversal of   existing law.
  A lawyer shall not knowingly:
  (1) make a false statement of material fact of law to a
  tribunal.
  (4) offer evidence that the lawyer knows to be false.
   A. make a false statement of material fact or law to a third
   person; ...
  16-804.  Misconduct
  C. engage in conduct involving dishonest, fraud, deceit or
  misrepresentation;
  B. commit a criminal act that reflects adversely on the   lawyer's honesty, trustworthiness or fitness as a lawyer
  in other respects.
3  Have replacement judges ORDER Defendant to immediately produce documents in machine-readable format for publication on Internet. 	In preparation for settlement of  this unfortunate bungled spy sting.  And analysis of 'deficient' NSA cryptographic algorithm work designed to get the US government out of the cryptography business.
Respectfully submitted,                     _________________________                     William H. Payne             	   	                         13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                         Albuquerque, NM 87111              	      			    Telephone approval
                    Morales in New Orleans
                    _________________________				                     Arthur R. Morales                                                1024 Los Arboles NW                                             Albuquerque, NM 87107                                            Pro se litigants                CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this Friday November 28, 1997.

@_date: 1998-04-21 10:28:42
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: paid for making war on Iran & The Improbable Inventor of Frequency-Hopping Radio 
Tuesday 4/21/98 9:32 AM
J Orlin Grabbe
John Young
John Gilmore
ABQ J 4/21/98 A6
  U.S. Aided Communist Foe Pol Pot
  Richard Reeves
  LOS ANGELES - ...
  Even after he fell from national power, we helped supply and protect
  Pol Pot because the Khmer Rouge was tying down large number of
  North Vietnamese troops.
    These are some of the names of the evil who were or still are paid
  o  Saddam Hussein, paid for making war on Iran.
  o  Gulbuddin Hekmatry, who made his name throwing acid in the faces of
     students in Kabul who dared to wear western dress, paid for making
was against
     communists in Afghanistan.
  o  The Taliban, the religious warriors we helped train to fight
communists who are      beating or killing those same women right now in Afghanistan.
  o  Manuel Noriega, the soldier-thug we encouraged to overthrow
elections in Panama
     because we did not like the results.
  o  Mobuto Sese Seko, one Joseph Mobutu, our man in Zaire.
  o  Jonas Savimbi, in constant war in Angola
  The list goes on.  It has for a long time and will, even if communism
is dead as a
  national security threat of the United States.  In may of these cases
our interest   involved resources - oil, usually, ...
Details of exactly how the US helped Saddam are coming out.       Letï¿½s change to a more positive topic.  Lively people.
  Scientific American, April 1998, 95,  Spread Spectrum Radio ...
  The Improbable Inventor of Frequency-Hopping Radio
  She was gorgeous, glamorous and talented.  And she had a mind for
technology.  In
  1941 actress Hedy Lamarr, along with the avant-garde composer and
musician George
  Anthiel filed for a patent to cover their ï¿½Secret Communication
System,ï¿½ a device designed
  to help the U.S. military jump from one frequency to another, thus
making enemy   interception and jamming difficult.
    Born Hedwig Maria Eva Kiesler in Vienna, Austria, Lamarr may have
gotten the idea of
  ï¿½frequency hoppingï¿½ while she was married to Fritz Mandl, an armament
  who sold munitions of Adolph Hitler.  Through a marriage arranged by
her parents, Lamarr
  was Mandlï¿½s trophy wife, and she accompanied him to the many business
dinners and   meetings, where unbeknownst to the participants, she silently learned
about Axis war
  technology.  After four years with Mandl, Lamarr, a staunch anti-Nazi,
fled to London,   where MGMï¿½s Louis B. Mayer ï¿½discoveredï¿½ her and convinced her to move
to the U.S.
    In Hollywood she me Antheil, who helped her figure out a way to
synchronize the   frequency hopping between the radio transmitter and receiver.  Their
invention, which
  they gave to the U.S. government for free, called for two paper rolls,
similar to those used in   player pianos, punched with an identical pattern of random holes.  One
of the rolls would
  control the transmitter on the submarine which the other would be
launched with the   receiver on the torpedo.  Though ingenious, the device was deemed too
cumbersome for use
  in World War II.      Still, the seminal idea of frequency hopping lingered.  By the late
1950s U.S. Navy contractors
  were able to take advantage of early computer processors for
controlling and synchronizing the
  hopping sequence.  Since then, the U.S. military has deployed more
sophisticated techniques with
  even faster processors in costly, classified devices, including
satellite communications systems.
  And today. And today the technology has become widespread in cell
phones and in personal
  communications (PCS), among other civilian applications. - D.R.H.
  HEDY LAMARR, the Hollywood actress, was the co-receipient of a patent
  for basic  technology that is now widely used in cell phones and
personal   communications services(PCS).
US News & World Report, April 20, 1998 page 16
  PEOPLE IN THE NEWS	
  Saying sheï¿½s been ï¿½humiliated and embarrassed ... has suffered mental
  and anguish,ï¿½ the sultry 1940s screen star Hedy Lamarr, 84, has filed
a lawsuit
  seeking unspecified damages from the Corel Corp., a Canadian software
  The case, now in U.S. District Court, claims Corel used her image with
My impression is that NSA attempted de-emphasize the most important
PRACTICAL technology for spread spectrum frequency-hopping an
shift register sequence [Galois fields, mod 2].  But this is not working largely because of Internet
  NSA, a user of Forth, also tried to do hide threaded code technology.
This isn't working for NSA either.
Let's hope for settlement so that we can get on to more, if I can even imagine such, projects.

@_date: 1998-04-24 07:07:47
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: SHIFT REGISTER technology 
Friday 4/24/98 7:33 AM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
John Gilmore
The stuff on linear and non-linear shift register sequences which is now
appearing on jya.com is the ï¿½military-gradeï¿½ crypto technology.
Semionoff and  contains material similar
to what I saw Brian Snow present in schematics of NSA KG units.
The statement by david.loos at eudoramail.com
  The A5 algorithm uses a three level, non-linear feedback shift
  register arrangement, designed to be sufficiently complex to resist
  attack.
points to the technology used for military-grade crypto.
The reason NSA regarded the R register, seen at
feedback function classified was that it contained a non-linear feedback
function.  I was ORDERED to build UNCLASSIFIED hardware.  This is why I stuck the R
feedback function in a fast ram.
This similarity between the structure of the nonlinear feedback function
in the CAVE algorithm seen at   to the feedback function published in my SAND report
: A11   A1 A5 AND
        A1 0= A9 0= AND XOR
        A6 A10 XOR XOR ;
reveals  ï¿½military-strengthï¿½ technology.  SHIFT REGISTERS.
Words ï¿½shift registersï¿½ also caused the Great American Spy Sting bust.
        The Cold War is over.  And the crypto cat is now about fully out of the
Letï¿½s hope for settlement so that we can all go on to more constructive

@_date: 1998-08-03 15:23:59
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Mitchell  8/3/98 14:18 phone conversation 
Monday 8/3/98 3:41 PM
Jan Elizabeth Mitchell
Assistant U.S. Attorney
U.S. Department of Justice
United States Attorney
District of New Mexico
Post Office Box 607
Albuquerque, NM 87103
FAX 505/346-7205
Dear Ms Mitchell:
Purpose of the fax is to 1  review points covered in our 8/3/98 14:18 phone conversation
2  suggest settlement.
You phoned me today.
You told me that you planned to file a motion or response to the Tenth
request Morales and my response to the jurisdictional issue on the 21st
of August.
I told you that this was premature on your part since we had moved for a
second time
for an extension of time.
I told you also that this matter was now before congress.
You appeared to indicate to me that you were in the process of adding
both Morales and
Minihan as named parties in this appeal.
You asked me if it would be agreeable to us if you filed a response to
the Tenth circuit
21 days AFTER Morales and I filed our response to the Tenth circuit on
the jurisdictional
I AGREED.
I spoke to Morales on the phone shortly after our phone conversation.
Arguing points of law before court clerks and judges who have
outstanding criminal complaint
affidavits for crimes COMMITTED IN WRITING againtst them would be
unproductive on Morales and my part.
Therefore, we will proceed to resolve the criminal conduct on the part
of judges and court clerks
before we proceed further in this matter.
We will do this at the Congressional level.
Senate Judiciary Committe chairman Orrin Hatch, unfortunately, failed to
properly process a valid
complaint on New Mexico district court chief judge John Conway in 1995. Hatchï¿½s failure to properly respond in 1995, in large part, caused our
current legal conflict with DIR NSA Minihan.
We foresee an unfortunate escalation of hostilities if this matter
proceeds as it is.  We do not wish this.
We seek settlement of the UNFORTUNATE matter at the earliest time.
We ask your and Congressional help to settle this UNFORTUNATE matter
before it gets WORSE.
If I have made any essential material errors in reporting my impression
of the contents of our conversation, then I would appreciate you giving
your impression of possible errors.  You can do this in the letter you said you would write to us.
bill payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	        Albuquerque, NM 87111              	        Senate Judiciary Committee   e-mail
Arthur R Morales e-mail

@_date: 1998-08-04 07:06:14
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Whom they will destroy they first make mad. 
Tuesday 8/4/98 7:45 AM
J Orlin Grabbe
I liked your article. Reminds me of one of my favorite books.  The Great Crash by John Kenneth
Since you are a Harvard grad, mathematician Garrett Birkhoff bought
me lunch at the Harvard faculty club in about 1976.
We were making plans to get a machine combinatoric and stochastic
algorithm subprogram library written.  Like LINPACK, etc.
But NSA killed that project and my NSF grant DCR75-08822.  See Bruce
Barns, the Puzzle Palace by James Bamford.
We returned from Durango on Monday afternoon.
I have some INSIDE news from the wife of a former AF base commander in
Turkey about
1  The AF warned the White House not to fly Brown's flight because of
bad weather. Advice issued from Ramstein. Advice ignored.
White House removed Ramstein AF base commander.
2  AF base commander was removed for the Khobar incident although base
commander had nothing to do with lack of security.
Former Kirland AFB and new base commander are buddies with our friends
in Durango.
I think that we have made the government MAD.
Wayland told me yesterday that the Texas A&M profs went over the reasons
rejection of their SBIR grant.
One of the MAIN reasons, Wayland told me, was the grant did not
spell-out the
WAY the profs were going to IMPLEMENT their idea.
My attached method for ACCOMPLISHING the goal was included with the
REQUESTED revision of their SBIR grant, Wayland told me.
I am getting enmeshed in techie stuff.  I need and WANT to finish the digital FX PRONTO.
Let's all hope for settlement of the UNFORTUNATE mess before it gets
Tuesday 8/4/98 7:06 AM
tech at cyberpowersystems.com
Yesterday I was trying to send a e-mail QUICK.  I did not close the PowerPanel Window before invoking IE and the
ZOOM Flex modem software.
Dial-Up Networking window in Windows 95B reads
program, and
I disabled the decode on the Superhigh Speed Serial Card by NOT
JUMPERing any addresses.
Guys, it appears to me AT THE MOMENT that the problem is that the
CyberPower code is interfering with the Dial-Up Networking software
within Windows 95.
It would be nice to be able to use BOTH the CyberPower auto shutdown
feature and Internet at the same time.
I realize that the software problem is likely in Windows 95 but I am NOT
OPTIMISTIC that Microsoft
will fix the problem.  Therefore.
Got any fixes?  I will phone tech support later today.  I am not reading e-mail.
Thanks in advance.
         	WEED KILLER computer interface proposal section 7/27/98 10:11 AM
Solution to controlling and collecting data from the WEED KILLER involves interfacing a personal computer
running a version of the Windows operating system to the WEED KILLER analog/digital hardware.
Windows is not a real-time operating system, therefore  microcontroller controller/collector hardware interface must be installed between a Wintel PC and the WEED KILLER hardware.
Essence of the Wintel data collector problem is that Windows 3.x or 9x responds to a hardware interrupt
usually between 70 to 150 microseconds.  In rare occasions the interrupt latency may extend to 1.5 milliseconds or even longer.  A microcontroller responds to an interrupt in several microseconds.
Wintel hardware controller interface is even more difficult than collection for the reason that the Windows operating system only gives control to an application when Windows decides.  In the collection, mode at
least a hardware interrupt signals Windows that the application wants control.  However, the microcontroller
can send the Wintel an interrupt asking the applications code whether there is any message it needs to
send the microcontroller.
Microcontrollers have specialized timers, serial expansion ports and are, therefore, designed to be interfaced to analog and digital hardware. An 80C32 family microcontroller is proposed for the WEED KILLER application for reasons.
1  The 80C32 will do the job.
2  Multiple vendors of 80C32 guarantee future supply at a competitive price.  Current suppliers include
 Intel, AMD, Winbond, Dallas, Philips, Siemens, OKI,  ATMEL, ... 3  High-speed parallel port bi-directional IEEE 1284 enhanced capability port 9 (ecp) communications hardware between an 80C32 and PC is in the final stage of development.
4  IEEE 1284 hardware drivers are supplied with Windows NT.  Custom assembler dll drivers are available
for 9x and 3.x.
5  A public-domain Forth 8051 operating system hosting a high-level language and interactive assembler with complete source code documentation is available on Internet. Hardcover book further documenting 5 is available from Academic Press.
Only a Wintel machine is required for both hardware and software for the WEED KILLER project.  Usually a Forth hardware/software development probject on requres a voltmeter, logic probe, and, infrequently, an oscilloscope.  Reason  is the INTERACTIVE control of the hardware and software
from a PC keyboard and diagnostic information easily printed to a PC monitor.
Justification for assertion made in the above paragraph comes from Internet.
NASA uses Forth extensively for its space programs. Ballard used polyForth to locate wrecks of the Titanic, Bismarck, and Yorktown.
Sun Microsystems workstation boot into Forth then invokes Solaris. Adobe Postscript is a version of Forth. Video game software are written mostly in Forth.
The Wintel side of the WEED KILLER project will be most-likely written in a small
amount of assembler interface code and Visual Basic.
While Forth threaded code software technology is extremely valuable in some settings,
it is not in others.
Java is a variation of Forth.  Future of Java on Wintel machines is unclear at this time.
For example,
  The hottest items among techies is a browser called Opera.     This is a $40 shareware program that in speed and compact     size buts both IE and Communicator to shame.  It has a slightly     different interface from either of the majors - an interface some find      refreshing while other find less than useful.  As it's shareware, you can     try and then buy if you like it.  One reason for its speed is that it ignores     Java - the Internet's Bandwidth Pig (IBP).     The Rumor Mill by Paul Cassel
  ComputerScene Magazine  July 1998   Forth executes code High-level at about 10% the speed of a compiled high-level
Speed of execution of small applications is not effected by Forthï¿½s slow execution.
Reason is that initial code is written in high-level Forth.  Inner loops are then translated into Forth assembler.
Speed is maintained with the advantage that data structures are created an maintained in
high-level language while the interactive operating system is retained for trouble shooting
both hardware and software problem.
Hardware cost of building the 80C32 the WEED KILLER boards is estimated at $10k.
Hardware design is estimated at 1 month labor at $50/hr for a total of $8k.
Software development on the 80C32 side in Forth and Forth assembler, software on the
Wintel side in Visual Basic and assembler, documentation, and training is estimated to
be 4 months for a total of $32k
 /\/\/\

@_date: 1998-08-04 14:48:40
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Great Fascist Satans ploys 
Tuesday 8/4/98 3:11 PM
J Orlin Grabbe
John Young
Morales and I met for lunch.
We formulated a plan of attack on the NEXT TARGET.
ABQ J Monday 8/13/98
  Fess Up, Clinton Friends, Foes Say
  Key Republican Says Lenience Is an Option
  By Robert L. Jackson
  Los Angeles Times
  WASHINGTON -
  [C]hairman Orrin Hatch of Utah said he believes Clinton could retract
  his denials of intimacy with Lewinsky and still survive in office,
  there is no evidence of larger transgressions such as perjury or
  of justice.
    ï¿½If he comes forth and tells it and does it in the right way and
there arenï¿½t
  a lot of other factors to cause the Congress to say this man is unfit
for the
  presidency and should be impeached, then I think the president would
have a   reasonable chance of getting through this,ï¿½ Hatch said of NBCï¿½s ï¿½Meet
  Press.ï¿½ ...
One of the Great Fascist Satanï¿½s ploys is to give a person bad advice
and hope they take it.  Bubba, we all guess, knows this TOO.
Morales and I figured out how to approach Hatch. The last attempt did not work.  The statement
  No less can they forget how the west backed Saddam Hussein's 1980
invasion of Iran.
in Clinton Longs to "Make Iran His China" seen at
appears a bit understated in view of
and I got a letter from US Attorney Mitchell today.  But I haven't opened
Yesterday on the phone Mitchell I sensed that Mitchell had changed.  Mitchell sounded sympathetic to what Morales' and I are doing.  But she is a LAWYER so we are NOT counting on anything.
Let's all hope for settlement of the UNFORTUNATE matter before it gets
Monday 8/3/98 3:41 PM
Jan Elizabeth Mitchell
Assistant U.S. Attorney
U.S. Department of Justice
United States Attorney
District of New Mexico
Post Office Box 607
Albuquerque, NM 87103
FAX 505/346-7205
Dear Ms Mitchell:
Purpose of the fax is to 1  review points covered in our 8/3/98 14:18 phone conversation
2  suggest settlement.
You phoned me today.
You told me that you planned to file a motion or response to the Tenth circuitï¿½s
request Morales and my response to the jurisdictional issue on the 21st of August.
I told you that this was premature on your part since we had moved for a second time
for an extension of time.
I told you also that this matter was now before congress.
You appeared to indicate to me that you were in the process of adding both Morales and
Minihan as named parties in this appeal.
You asked me if it would be agreeable to us if you filed a response to the Tenth circuit
21 days AFTER Morales and I filed our response to the Tenth circuit on the jurisdictional
I AGREED.
I spoke to Morales on the phone shortly after our phone conversation.
Arguing points of law before court clerks and judges who have outstanding criminal complaint
affidavits for crimes COMMITTED IN WRITING againtst them would be unproductive on Morales and my Therefore, we will proceed to resolve the criminal conduct on the part of judges and court clerks
before we proceed further in this matter.
We will do this at the Congressional level.
Senate Judiciary Committe chairman Orrin Hatch, unfortunately, failed to properly process a valid
complaint on New Mexico district court chief judge John Conway in 1995.  Hatchï¿½s failure to properly respond in 1995, in large part, caused our current legal conflict with DIR NSA We foresee an unfortunate escalation of hostilities if this matter proceeds as it is.  We do not wish this.
We seek settlement of the UNFORTUNATE matter at the earliest time.
We ask your and Congressional help to settle this UNFORTUNATE matter before it gets WORSE.
If I have made any essential material errors in reporting my impression of the contents of our conversation, then I would appreciate you giving your impression of possible errors.  You can do this in the letter you said you would write to us.
bill payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	        Albuquerque, NM 87111              	        Senate Judiciary Committee   e-mail
Arthur R Morales e-mail

@_date: 1998-08-04 18:48:48
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: George Santyana, 1905 and the zeitgeist 
Tuesday 8/4/98 6:17 PM
J Orlin Grabbe
When I sent             The contemplation of things as they are,                  without error or confusion,              without substitution or imposture,     is in itself a nobler thing than a whole harvest of invention.     Francis Bacon   I had not seen the news.
I watched Dan Rather, ABC, and PBS.
I THINK I realized the importance of what you wrote at
when I wrote at Tuesday 8/4/98 10:58 AM
  Larry Gilbert is our broker at Dain Rausher, formerly Rausher, Pierce
and Resfnes.
  I phoned Gilbert this morning to alert him to
The about 300 point drop in the DJ.
I THINK we are doing LOTS OF THINKING.
We are THINKING ABOUT the zeitgeist.  We do not cause what MAY happen.  We MAY only predict it.  By THINKING and STUDYING HISTORY.
THINKING SLOWLY is the most important part.
                   Sitting Bull, whose Indian name                    was Tatanka Iyotake, was born in                    the Grand River region of                    present-day South Dakota in                    approximately 1831. His nickname                    was Hunkesi, meaning "Slow"                    because he never hurried and did                    everything with care.   Morales and I are BOTH SLOW THINKERS.
Morales, his wife Becky said at about 17:30, also got a letter from US
attorney Mitchell.
Retired Washington State University econ chairman Robert F Wallace
       "Stupidity is difficult to underestimate." recommended I read The Great Crash by John Kenneth Galbraith.
I did a bit of searching on the web and found
  "Those who cannot remember the past are doomed to repeat it."
                                        -- George Santyana, 1905
You and John Young  are riding the
zeitgeist, I THINK!
Morales and Payne may be on the zeitgeist too.
Let's all hope for settlement of this unforunate matter. Before it gets

@_date: 1998-08-05 09:59:43
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE MEMORANDUM BRIEFS ADDRESSING JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES. 
Wednesday 8/5/98 10:06 AM
John Young     Charles Smith  I mailed envelopes to you both containing Herbert Richardsonï¿½s FOIA info
about NSA attempting to sabotage Sandia/NSA projects.
This is documented at In John Youngï¿½s envelope I included US Attorney Mitchellï¿½s
Certificate of service August 3, 1998.
Morales and I by FRAP 27 have 7 days   Any party may file a response in opposition to a motion other than
one     for procedural order [for which see subdivision (b)] within 7 days     after service of the motion,
plus 3 because of service by mail  to respond to Mitchellï¿½s latest motion.
Morales and I NEVER miss an opportunity to RESPOND.
Mitchell CONTINUES to list
 NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY,
Correct heading is
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS           FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT    William H. Payne		            )    Arthur R. Morales                           )                                                )    Appellants Plaintiffs,                      )                                                )   98-2156 v                                           )	98-1257    Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )    Director, National Security Agency	    )    National Security Agency		    )                                                )    Appellees Defendants                        )
We will get this corrected.
The government DOES NOT LIKE individuals named.  Reason is that government employees like to hide behind an agency name
as to avoid
But this is not going to happen in this matter.  Morales and I must soon implement our strategy of approaching the Senate Judiciary Committee       in an EFFECTIVE WAY.
Approaching Hatch directly has proved ineffective in the past.
Internet publication is a good way to be EFFECTIVE.   The former agent, who was threatening to publish details of the
  supposed Qadaffi plot on the Internet, was arrested in a hotel room in
  Now, with the advent of the Internet, it is probably only a matter of
time before Mr. Shayler's       allegations are disseminated.
  "He's a whistleblower," said Mr. Shayler's lawyer, John Wadham, the
director of Liberty, a civil      liberties group. Letï¿½s hope these matter are settled soon.  Then Morales and I can move
for dismissal of our
We can all be off on OTHER constructive projects.  Shaping-up the US legal system is a CONSTRUCTIVE PROJECT.  But it SHOULD
BE the senate judiciary
committee's responsibility.  They need to do their job.  Morales and I
will get things started.
I NEED to revise my book for the 80C32 with ieee 1284 ecp parallel
bi-directional communications.
Monday 8/3/98 3:41 PM
Jan Elizabeth Mitchell
Assistant U.S. Attorney
U.S. Department of Justice
United States Attorney
District of New Mexico
Post Office Box 607
Albuquerque, NM 87103
FAX 505/346-7205
Dear Ms Mitchell:
Purpose of the fax is to 1  review points covered in our 8/3/98 14:18 phone conversation
2  suggest settlement.
You phoned me today.
You told me that you planned to file a motion or response to the Tenth circuitï¿½s
request Morales and my response to the jurisdictional issue on the 21st of August.
I told you that this was premature on your part since we had moved for a second time
for an extension of time.
I told you also that this matter was now before congress.
You appeared to indicate to me that you were in the process of adding both Morales and
Minihan as named parties in this appeal.
You asked me if it would be agreeable to us if you filed a response to the Tenth circuit
21 days AFTER Morales and I filed our response to the Tenth circuit on the jurisdictional
I AGREED.
I spoke to Morales on the phone shortly after our phone conversation.
Arguing points of law before court clerks and judges who have outstanding criminal complaint
affidavits for crimes COMMITTED IN WRITING againtst them would be unproductive on Morales and my Therefore, we will proceed to resolve the criminal conduct on the part of judges and court clerks
before we proceed further in this matter.
We will do this at the Congressional level.
Senate Judiciary Committe chairman Orrin Hatch, unfortunately, failed to properly process a valid
complaint on New Mexico district court chief judge John Conway in 1995.  Hatchï¿½s failure to properly respond in 1995, in large part, caused our current legal conflict with DIR NSA We foresee an unfortunate escalation of hostilities if this matter proceeds as it is.  We do not wish this.
We seek settlement of the UNFORTUNATE matter at the earliest time.
We ask your and Congressional help to settle this UNFORTUNATE matter before it gets WORSE.
If I have made any essential material errors in reporting my impression of the contents of our conversation, then I would appreciate you giving your impression of possible errors.  You can do this in the letter you said you would write to us.
bill payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	        Albuquerque, NM 87111              	        Senate Judiciary Committee   e-mail
Arthur R Morales e-mail

@_date: 1998-08-05 13:28:42
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: FOIA appeal 
Wednesday 8/5/98 1:50 PM
George B. Breznay, Director
Office of Hearings and Appeals
Department of Energy
Washington, DC 20585
Dear Director Breznay:
Purpose of this letter is to ask you to properly process a Freedom of
Information Act
(FOIA) appeal.
I attach a copy of my Tuesday February 17, 1999 15:11 FOIA. letter to
Elva Barfield.
Albuquerque  Journal w 8/5/98 reports
  FBI Director Again Calls for Fund-Raising Probe
  By Kevin Galvin
  The Associated Press
  WASHINGTON - The FBI director told lawmakers Tuesday an independent
  counsel should be named to investigate Democratic fund raising in
  part because President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore are
  under scrutiny. ...
June 11, 1998 I received a letter from Tomas O. Mann,  Deputy Director,
Office of Hearings
Hearing and Appeals.
Mann wrote
  It is unclear from your correspondence whether you are in fact
appealing Ms. Barfieldï¿½s March 30
  determination at this time.  If you wish to appeal that determination,
please inform this Office   as soon as possible by stating your intention in writing, either by
mail to George B. Breznay,     Director, Office Office of Hearings and
Appeals, U.S. Department of Energy, Washington,  D.C.     20585-0107, or
by e-mail to George.Breznay at hq.doe.gov.
I comply with Mannï¿½s request.
Since the contents of the documents sought in my FOIA may shed light on
possible wrongdoing by
VP Al Gore, I ask that you process this appeal within the time limits
specified by law.
  An agency is required to make a decision on an appeal
  within 20 days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal
  holidays). It is possible for an agency to extend the time
  limits by an additional 10 days.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111
Tuesday February 17, 1999 15:11
e-mail and mail
Ms. Elva Barfield
Freedom of Information Office
U. S. Department of Energy
Albuquerque Operations Office/OIEA
POB 5400
Albuquerque, NM 87185-5400
EBARFIELD at DOEAL.GOV
Dear Ms. Barfield:
VP Al Gore is in the crypto business.
  Information SuperSpyWay   Al Gore Approved
  Encryption for China
  in Return for
  Campaign Donations
  by Charles R. Smith
Portions of the above document posted on Internet at  and   1.	Gore charged with encryption policy according to PDD-5 and         PRD-27 on April 16, 1993. 2.	Government officials represent themselves on Al Gore's behalf for 3.	RSA chairman Bidzos meets with Chinese officials at the same         time as Ron Brown in Oct. 1995. 4.	RSA Chairman Bidzos enters into merger negotiations with Security 5.	VP Gore calls Sanford Robertson from the White House for a         donation in Nov. 1995. 6.	Robertson delivers $100,000 donation ($80,000 soft - $20,000 7.	RSA signs deal with China in Feb. 1996. The administration 8.	Justice Dept. approves RSA merger with Security Dynamics in In 1991 I was in involved with Sandia National Laboratories
Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty seismic data authenticator.
At that time Sandia director Tommy A Sellers had assumed responsibility for directorship from Robert Clem.
Sandia supervisor Tom Wright replaced my supervisor, John Holovka, who was the supervisor for the CTBT seismic data authenticator.
Wright brought in Ph.D. Steven Goldsmith to supervise me.
Sellars, Wright, and Goldsmith were new to crypto-type projects.
Much of this is documented at This is evidenced by Sellar's attached SEP 24 1991 memorandum,
which Goldsmith help author, addressed to Dr James J Hearn at the National Security Agency.
The SEP 24 memorandum contained a number of technical errors.
I corrected these errors in my attached December 20, 1991 memorandum.
Department of Energy and it predecessors have a well-documented
history of not requiring technical expertise for pursuit of interests.
Stewart Udall, The Myths of August, writes,
    Any cover-up must be implemented and enforced by designated
  agents, and one man emerged in 1953 as the quarterback of the   AEC's damage-control effort.  His name was Gordon Dunning.
  Although the personnel charts of the 1950s list him as a low-level   "rad-safe" official in the Division of Biology and Medicine,             documents demonstrate that he was clothed with authority to      manage and suppress information about the radiation released
  by the testing of nuclear weapons. ...
About the time Sellers and Sandia Ombudsman gave me a directed
transfer to break electronic locks for the FBI/ERF [engineering
research facility], Goldsmith and Wright, certainly with the approval
of Sellers, placed a contract with RSA Inc [ I was told.
Ms Barfield, we think the American public needs to know more about
RSA's work with Sandia National Laboratories.
Therefore, Under the provision of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC 552, I am requesting access to:   1 ALL purchase requisitions, including any attached statement of
    work, issued by Sandia National Laboratories, Los Alamos         National Laboratories, or DOE/ALOO between January 1, 1991
    and February 17, 1998 to RSA Inc.
  2  Copies of all invoices from RSA Inc received by Sandia National        Laboratories, Los Alamos National Laboratories, or DOE/ALOO      between January 1, 1991  and February 17, 1998
If there are any fees for searching for, or copying, the records I have requested, please inform me before you fill the request.
As you know, the Act permits you to reduce or waive the fees when the release of the information is considered as "primarily benefiting the public."  I believe that this requests fits that category and I therefore ask that you waive any fees.
Your office agreed to waive fees before.  This request is surely of "public interest."
December 13, 1994 DOE/AL FOIA officer Gwen Schreiner waived fees
for the reason,
        "We have considered your request and have determined that
        release of the requested records is in the public interest,
        that disclosure of this information is likely to contribute
        significantly to public understanding of the operations or
        activities of the government, that you or the organization
        you represent have little or no commercial interest in the
        material contained in the records, that you or the
        organization you represent have the qualifications and
        ability to use and disseminate the information, and that the
        records are not currently in the public domain.  A waiver of
        fees is therefore granted."
This waiver of fees was, undoubtedly, issued as a result of former
Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary's Openness initiative.
Heart of America paid my way to hear Secretary O'Leary's celebrated
whistleblower speech.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law stipulates.
Sincerely,                         William Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias
Albuquerque, NM 87111

@_date: 1998-08-07 07:04:27
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Another criminal complaint affidavit 
Friday 8/7/98 7:43 AM
Art Morales
Letï¿½s hope the government gets these messed settled before they become
Friday 8/7/98  7:30 AM
Certified   Return receipt requested Proctor Hug  Jr Chief Judge, Ninth Circuit 50 West Liberty Street Reno, NV 89501-1948 (702) 784-5631 784-5166 fax Dear judge Hug: Purposes of this letter- criminal complaint affidavit are to 1 file a criminal complaint affidavits against Ninth circuit Senior Case Expeditor Gwen Baptiste for     Obstruction of Justice, 2  ask why not have not yet done your job. On 4/1/98 I forwarded to you criminal complaint affidavits for proper processing. In a hand-addressed envelope stamped CONFIDENTIAL with return address               CLERK, U.S. COURT OF APPEALS postmarked  SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF  APR 24 98 U.S. POSTAGE $2.62 METER 504753 some returned the complaints to me. On May 5, 1998 I received the ATTACHED letter which states   Re: Complaint of Judicial Misconduct   We have received your complaint of judicial misconduct or disability.  It is being returned to you for   failure to comply with the Rules of the Judicial Counsel of the Ninth Circuit Governing Complaints   of Judicial Misconduct or Disability (Rules).  See Rule 3(d). ...   xx_A copy of these Rules is enclosed.  To understand the purpose of the procedure and who may be   complained about, please refer to Rules 1 and 2. ...   xx  Statement of facts exceed five pages  See Rule 2(b). ...   xx  Other.  Please complete the complaint form and return sufficient copies.  See attached Rules for    guidance.   Your complaint can only be against Article Three Judges. Judge Hug,  I am NOT filing a COMPLAINT OF JUDICIAL MISCONDUCT. I am filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS in accordance with procedures set forth in law. Our forefathers designed the criminal law system with the possibility in mind that a cabal of lawyers might band together in an attempt to prevent prosecution of one or more friends. Therefore, if local federal officials will not do their duty and prosecute for criminal activity IN WRITING , then a citizen has the right to seek and select a magistrate from another district. Most individuals would interpret the letter                               U.S. Department of Justice                                United States Attorney                                District of New Mexico                                Post Office Box 607                               Albuquerque, New Mexico 87103                                                                   505/766 3341                                                                  505/766 2868                                                                           FAX 505/766-8517                               May 19, 1997    Mr. William A. Payne    13015 Calle de Sandia, NE    Albuquerque, New Mexico 87111    Dear Mr. Payne:       My name is Robert J. Gorence. I am the First Assistant U.S. Attorney and the Chief of the Criminal      Division for the United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico. I am in receipt of your    February 13, 1997 letter to Judge Frank John McGill as well as your September 20, 1996 Request for    Examination of Report Filed by a Judicial Officer. In your letter to Judge McGill, you assert on   page 2, paragraph 4 that you have filed a "criminal complaint affidavit" with Judge Bunton. On page 4 you    accuse Judge Paul Kelly of a felony. On page 8 you assert that you are waiting receipt of an arrest warrant for    Judge Kelly.       I do not understand the basis of your assertions. However, I will tell you that any attempt by you to privately    execute any type of "arrest warrant," against any member of the federal judiciary would constitute a violation    of 18 U.S.C. ï¿½ 1201 - Kidnaping, a felony which carries a potential of life imprisonment. Also, attempts on    your part to file private "criminal complaint affidavits" or "arrest warrants" regarding members of the federal    judiciary would constitute a violation of 18 U.S.C. ï¿½ 111 - Impeding a Federal Officer in the   Performance of Their Official Duties. I trust you will take my warnings seriously and that you will cease this    obstreperous conduct. If you do not, federal criminal charges will be filed against you.       Sincerely,       [Signature]       ROBERT J. GORENCE       First Assistant U.S. Attorney  RJG/maf  as an indication that justice would not be forthcoming from the New Mexico District Attorneyï¿½s Office. Therefore, I sought external relief.  First with Judge Fern Smith, District of Northern California  on March 11, 1996. Smith along with Albuquerque FBI agent-in-charge Thomas Knier sent FBI agents to our home to attempt to threaten me.  Next I sought relief from  J. Clifford Wallace, chief judge,  Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on  July 9, 1996. Wallace received a criminal complaint affidavit on Knier on July 15, 1996 for sending FBI agents in an attempt to threaten me. Ms. Corina Orozco,  Deputy Clerk., Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals wrote me              August 15, 1996              This court is in receipt of you letters dated July 15, 1996.              If you wish to file an appeal in this court and seek              judicial relief you must first file an action in the U.S.              District Court. NO, judge Hug, I was filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS. Gwen Baptiste from the Office of  the Clerk, United States Court of Appeals for The Ninth Circuit, wrote on July 25, 1996                   Re: Complaint of Judicial Misconduct              We have received your complaint of judicial misconduct.              Pursuant to the Rules of the Judicial Council of the Ninth              Circuit Governing Complaints of Judicial Misconduct or              Disability, you complaint is being returned to you for              compliance with the above rules.  A copy of these rules is              enclosed.  To understand the purpose of the procedure and              who may be complaint about please refer to Rules 1 and 2. AGAIN, judge Hug, I am filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS not COMPLAINTS OF JUDICIAL  MISCONDUCT.   Judge Hug, I hope it is FINALLY CLEAR that I am filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS as I am entitled to do by law. Judge Hug, THE DOCUMENTS YOU SHOULD HAVE IN YOUR POSSESSION and you can view on Internet at  show 1  Criminal violations of the Privacy Act      ATTACHED 11 pages beginning with Sandia National Laboratories     director  Michael Robles writing EEOC Director Charles Burtner.     A  I never saw the documents until Sandia employee Richard Gallegos gave me a copy in 1997.      B  Sandia denied that the documents existed.       C  The documents contain factually incorrect information.  I did NOTHING WRONG.  I followed all                 Sandia procedures known to me and obtained all required Sandia approvals.
    D  I was never given an opportunity to defend myself.        E  Neither Sandia nor EEOC had my permission in writing for release  of the information.  2  A ATTACHED PERJURED SWORN affidavit by Sandia attorney Gregory Cone submitted of the court of New Mexico judge John Conway.              AFFIDAVIT OF GREGORY A. CONE              Gregory A. Cone, being duly sworn, deposes and states:              1. I am employed by Sandia Corporation.  I am an attorney              admitted to practice law in the State of California and before the              U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and concentrate on legal issues              related to patent and copyright law.  In that capacity, I am               familiar with activities at the Sandia National Laboratories              ("Sandia") as they related to what is sometimes referred to as              "reverse engineering." ...               It is the general view at Sandia that disassembly of "object              code" under such circumstances constitutes a "fair use" of              copyrighted software under 17 U.S.C. article 107 and is thus              permissible.  Sandia bases its view on Sega Enterprises v.              Accolade, Inc. 977 F.2d 1510, 24 U.S.P. Q. 2d 1561 (9th Cir.              1992), amended, 1993 U. S. App. LEXIS 78, and Atari Games Corp              v. Nintendo of America, Inc, 975 F.2d 832 (Fed. Cir.               1992) ...              FURTHER, Affidavit sayeth naught.                                  (signed)                                 GREGORY A. CONE.              SUBSCRIBED, SWORN TO and ACKNOWLEDGED before me on this 12th              day of August, 1993, by Gregory A. Cone."                                                  (signed)                                                 Mary A. Resnick                                                 Notary Public              My Commission Expires:              2-7-94 Lawyer Cone has citations reversed.  The  U. S. Patent Quarterly references the Atari v Nintendo lawsuit.   1510 should be corrected to 1015. Judge Fern Smith  ruled in both cases:                 The first two cases to directly address the issue of                 intermediate copying both originated in California's                 Northern District Court.  They are Atari v. Nintendo and                 Sega v. Accolade.  In both cases, the district court                  found that intermediate copying was NOT fair use. ...                 In a strong opinion she [Fern Smith] wrote in March 1991,                 when granting Nintendo's request for a preliminary                 injunction against Atari, she lambasted Atari's lawyers for                 thievery.  ...                 However, both cases have been overruled on appeal. In the                 ground-breaking Atari decision, the Federal Circuit held                 that intermediate copying was a fair use.  The Sega                 decision, which was appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of                 Appeals, similarly overruled the district court and held                 that intermediate copying may be fair use.         The New Use of Fair Use:  Accessing Copyrighted Programs Through          Reverse Engineering, Stephen B. Maebius, Journal of the Patent and          Trademark Office Society, June 1993, 75, n6, p433 Cone's affidavit attempts to create the appearance that  reverse engineering  I REFUSED to do for the FBI was  legal before July 27, 1992, the date of  my firing.  Decision of the appeal was apparently Decided SEPTEMBER 10, 1992.  Page 1016 from 24 USPQ 2d, Atari  Games Corp.  v. Nintendo of America.  I was fired JULY 27, 1992! Lawyer Cone has under oath knowingly made a false material declaration before a court.   Judge Hug, we just canï¿½t get the arrest warrant issued for Cone YET.  Or for those who violated the criminal sections of the Privacy Act Judges and clerks who are apparently are reluctant to properly proceed against other federal or federal contract employee are themselves committing crimes. Judge Hug, there is ONE SET OF LAWS in the United States of America.  Not a set of laws which applies to ordinary citizens and another which apply to judges, clerks, federal and federal contract employees. Rule 3 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, entitled the Complaint provides:               The complaint is a written statement of the essential  As you may be aware,              An individual may "make a written complaint on oath before          [United States v Kilpatrick (1883, DC NC) 16G 765, 769] You may also be aware,             A complaint though quite general in terms is valid if it             sufficiently apprises the defendant of the nature of the             offense with which he is charged.         [United States v Wood (1927, DC Tex) 26F2d 908, 910, affd         (CA5 Tex) 26 F2d 912. And for your edification,         The commission of a crime must be shown by facts positively         stated.  The oath or affirmation required is of facts and         not opinions or conclusion.         [United States ex rel. King v Gokey (1929, DC NY) 32 F2d         793, 794]         The complaint must be accompanied by an oath.         [Re Rules of Court (1877, CC Ga) 3 Woods 502, F Cas No         12126]         A complaint must be sworn to before a commissioner or other         officer empowered to commit persons charged with offenses         against the United States.         [United States v Bierley ( 1971, WD Pa) 331 F Supp 1182] Such office is now called a magistrate.         A complaint is ordinarily made by an investigating officer         or agent, and where private citizens seek warrants of         arrest, the practice recommended by the Judicial Conference         of the United States is to refer the complaint to the United         States Attorney.  However, further reference to him is         rendered futile where a mandamus proceeding is brought to         compel him to prosecute and he opposes the proceeding.         [Pugach v Klein (1961, SD NY) 193 F Supp 630, citing Manual         for United States Commissioners 5 (1948)] Any attempt to bring criminal complaints to government authorities  would, of course, be as evidenced by Gorrenceï¿½s letter  . I am a citizen of the United States and you are the assigned  magistrate.         In order to satisfy the requirement of the Constitution          and Rules 3 and 4, a written and sworn complaint should set         forth the essential facts constituting the offense charged         and also facts showing that the offense was committed and         that the defendant committed it. And,         As to the requirement that the complaint be made on personal         knowledge of the complainant, it is enough for the issuance         of a warrant that a complainant shows it to be on the         knowledge of the complainant.         [Giordenello v United States (1958) 357 US 480, 2 L Ed. 2d         1503, 78 S Ct 1245, rev. (Ca5 Tx) 241 F2d 575, 579 in accord         Rice v Ames (1901) 180 US 371, 45 L Ed 577, 21 S ct 406, and         United States v Walker, (1952, CA2 NY) 197 F 2d 287, 289,         cert den 344 US 877, 97 L Ed 679, 73 S Ct 172] So as to keep contiguous the requirements of the law and the criminal  complaint affidavits, I will include this complaint in this letter  to you. CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVIT: Gwen Baptiste Essential material facts are: 1 July 25, 1996 Gwen Baptiste improperly returns criminal complaint affidavits properly forwarded to  Ninth Circuit judge J Clifford Wallace. 2 May 5, 1998  Bapitist repeats return of criminal complaint affidavits properly sent to judge Proctor Hug  Jr. COUNT 1 3  Ninth circuit Senior Case Expeditor Gwen Baptiste  is charged with REPEATED INTENTIONAL  MACLIOUS Obstruction of Justice, 18 USC 1512, (b) and (c).  Title 18 Obstruction of Justice, Article  1512, as amended, states              Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant              (b) Whoever knowingly uses intimidation ...               (3) hinder, delay or prevent the communication to a law              enforcement officer or judge of the United States of              information relating to the commission or possible              commission of a Federal offense ...              (c) Whoever intentionally harasses another person and               (1) reporting to a law enforcement or judge of the United              States the commission or possible commission of a Federal              offense ...              or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned ... for Baptisteï¿½s TWO attempts to convince citizen Payne to file a judicial misconduct complaint when Payne was filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS.               VERIFICATION               Under penalty of perjury as provided by law, the               Date                     William H. Payne         			 13015 Calle de Sandias NE                                           Albuquerque, NM 87111                                           505-292-7037 Judge Hug, many citizens are becoming disgusted with government misconduct.  Something must be done to correct this. One example is of government misconduct is how the Department of Justice handled the case of a citizen  ACCUSED of a federal firearm violation.  Displeasure with the way the government handled to bring the ACCUSED to justice led to an unfortunate display of dissatisfaction.  ARTICLES RELATED TO OKLAHOMA CITY BOMBING     Tenth circuit court clerks and judges violated their own rules denying court wins to citizen Morales and myself.  Senator Orrin Hatch improperly processed a judicial misconduct complaint against New Mexico
judge John Conway. These two acts mostly caused Morales and me AND OTHERS to reveal additional unfortunate decisions by
factions within the US government in the hope PROMPT SETTLEMENT will bring relief.         We seeks changes within the law so as to avoid future citizen frustration of our government and legal system not working properly.   And possible unacceptable, but understandable, future expressions of frustrations of government employees not  obeying the law. WRITTEN EVIDENCE both in document copies and on Internet is so BLATANT that crimes have been  committed.  I ask that you do you job and issue the warrants of arrest.  Or write me and tell me why you cannot. I ask that you respond within 30 days. No response is an invalid response.  As  accused felon former chief judge J Clifford Wallace may now know. Sincerely, William H. Payne 13015 Calle de Sandias NE Albuquerque, NM 87111 Distribution Antoin Scalia      Certified Return receipt requested

@_date: 1998-08-07 19:55:28
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Berlin Diaries, 1940-1945 
Friday 8/7/98 8:10 PM
J Orlin Grabbe  The Great Crash by John Kenneth Galbraith pointed out that the crash did
not come
with one catastrophic plunge.
Rather the market, lowered, many thinking this was the bottom,
The market lowered again.
This cycle, Galbraith pointed out, was repeated until about everyone was
About corrupt courts, EVEN the Naziï¿½s were finally so horrified by what
happened after
the assassination attempt on Hitler the Naziï¿½s even became appalled.  A GREAT BOOK about this was written                      Berlin Diaries, 1940-1945
                     by Marie Vassiltchikov Friday 8/7/98  7:30 AM
Certified   Return receipt requested Proctor Hug  Jr Chief Judge, Ninth Circuit 50 West Liberty Street Reno, NV 89501-1948 (702) 784-5631 784-5166 fax Dear judge Hug: Purposes of this letter- criminal complaint affidavit are to 1 file a criminal complaint affidavits against Ninth circuit Senior Case Expeditor Gwen Baptiste for     Obstruction of Justice, 2  ask why not have not yet done your job. On 4/1/98 I forwarded to you criminal complaint affidavits for proper processing. In a hand-addressed envelope stamped CONFIDENTIAL with return address               CLERK, U.S. COURT OF APPEALS postmarked  SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF  APR 24 98 U.S. POSTAGE $2.62 METER 504753 some returned the complaints to me. On May 5, 1998 I received the ATTACHED letter which states   Re: Complaint of Judicial Misconduct   We have received your complaint of judicial misconduct or disability.  It is being returned to you for   failure to comply with the Rules of the Judicial Counsel of the Ninth Circuit Governing Complaints   of Judicial Misconduct or Disability (Rules).  See Rule 3(d). ...   xx_A copy of these Rules is enclosed.  To understand the purpose of the procedure and who may be   complained about, please refer to Rules 1 and 2. ...   xx  Statement of facts exceed five pages  See Rule 2(b). ...   xx  Other.  Please complete the complaint form and return sufficient copies.  See attached Rules for    guidance.   Your complaint can only be against Article Three Judges. Judge Hug,  I am NOT filing a COMPLAINT OF JUDICIAL MISCONDUCT. I am filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS in accordance with procedures set forth in law. Our forefathers designed the criminal law system with the possibility in mind that a cabal of lawyers might band together in an attempt to prevent prosecution of one or more friends. Therefore, if local federal officials will not do their duty and prosecute for criminal activity IN WRITING , then a citizen has the right to seek and select a magistrate from another district. Most individuals would interpret the letter                               U.S. Department of Justice                                United States Attorney                                District of New Mexico                                Post Office Box 607                               Albuquerque, New Mexico 87103                                                                   505/766 3341                                                                  505/766 2868                                                                           FAX 505/766-8517                               May 19, 1997    Mr. William A. Payne    13015 Calle de Sandia, NE    Albuquerque, New Mexico 87111    Dear Mr. Payne:       My name is Robert J. Gorence. I am the First Assistant U.S. Attorney and the Chief of the Criminal      Division for the United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico. I am in receipt of your    February 13, 1997 letter to Judge Frank John McGill as well as your September 20, 1996 Request for    Examination of Report Filed by a Judicial Officer. In your letter to Judge McGill, you assert on   page 2, paragraph 4 that you have filed a "criminal complaint affidavit" with Judge Bunton. On page 4 you    accuse Judge Paul Kelly of a felony. On page 8 you assert that you are waiting receipt of an arrest warrant for    Judge Kelly.       I do not understand the basis of your assertions. However, I will tell you that any attempt by you to privately    execute any type of "arrest warrant," against any member of the federal judiciary would constitute a violation    of 18 U.S.C. ï¿½ 1201 - Kidnaping, a felony which carries a potential of life imprisonment. Also, attempts on    your part to file private "criminal complaint affidavits" or "arrest warrants" regarding members of the federal    judiciary would constitute a violation of 18 U.S.C. ï¿½ 111 - Impeding a Federal Officer in the   Performance of Their Official Duties. I trust you will take my warnings seriously and that you will cease this    obstreperous conduct. If you do not, federal criminal charges will be filed against you.       Sincerely,       [Signature]       ROBERT J. GORENCE       First Assistant U.S. Attorney  RJG/maf  as an indication that justice would not be forthcoming from the New Mexico District Attorney's Office. Therefore, I sought external relief.  First with Judge Fern Smith, District of Northern California  on March 11, 1996. Smith along with Albuquerque FBI agent-in-charge Thomas Knier sent FBI agents to our home to attempt to threaten me.  Next I sought relief from  J. Clifford Wallace, chief judge,  Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on  July 9, 1996. Wallace received a criminal complaint affidavit on Knier on July 15, 1996 for sending FBI agents in an attempt to threaten me. Ms. Corina Orozco,  Deputy Clerk., Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals wrote me              August 15, 1996              This court is in receipt of you letters dated July 15, 1996.              If you wish to file an appeal in this court and seek              judicial relief you must first file an action in the U.S.              District Court. NO, judge Hug, I was filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS. Gwen Baptiste from the Office of  the Clerk, United States Court of Appeals for The Ninth Circuit, wrote on July 25, 1996                   Re: Complaint of Judicial Misconduct              We have received your complaint of judicial misconduct.              Pursuant to the Rules of the Judicial Council of the Ninth              Circuit Governing Complaints of Judicial Misconduct or              Disability, you complaint is being returned to you for              compliance with the above rules.  A copy of these rules is              enclosed.  To understand the purpose of the procedure and              who may be complaint about please refer to Rules 1 and 2. AGAIN, judge Hug, I am filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS not COMPLAINTS OF JUDICIAL  MISCONDUCT.   Judge Hug, I hope it is FINALLY CLEAR that I am filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS as I am entitled to do by law. Judge Hug, THE DOCUMENTS YOU SHOULD HAVE IN YOUR POSSESSION and you can view on Internet at  show 1  Criminal violations of the Privacy Act      ATTACHED 11 pages beginning with Sandia National Laboratories     director  Michael Robles writing EEOC Director Charles Burtner.     A  I never saw the documents until Sandia employee Richard Gallegos gave me a copy in 1997.      B  Sandia denied that the documents existed.       C  The documents contain factually incorrect information.  I did NOTHING WRONG.  I followed all                 Sandia procedures known to me and obtained all required Sandia approvals.
    D  I was never given an opportunity to defend myself.        E  Neither Sandia nor EEOC had my permission in writing for release  of the information.  2  A ATTACHED PERJURED SWORN affidavit by Sandia attorney Gregory Cone submitted of the court of New Mexico judge John Conway.              AFFIDAVIT OF GREGORY A. CONE              Gregory A. Cone, being duly sworn, deposes and states:              1. I am employed by Sandia Corporation.  I am an attorney              admitted to practice law in the State of California and before the              U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and concentrate on legal issues              related to patent and copyright law.  In that capacity, I am               familiar with activities at the Sandia National Laboratories              ("Sandia") as they related to what is sometimes referred to as              "reverse engineering." ...               It is the general view at Sandia that disassembly of "object              code" under such circumstances constitutes a "fair use" of              copyrighted software under 17 U.S.C. article 107 and is thus              permissible.  Sandia bases its view on Sega Enterprises v.              Accolade, Inc. 977 F.2d 1510, 24 U.S.P. Q. 2d 1561 (9th Cir.              1992), amended, 1993 U. S. App. LEXIS 78, and Atari Games Corp              v. Nintendo of America, Inc, 975 F.2d 832 (Fed. Cir.               1992) ...              FURTHER, Affidavit sayeth naught.                                  (signed)                                 GREGORY A. CONE.              SUBSCRIBED, SWORN TO and ACKNOWLEDGED before me on this 12th              day of August, 1993, by Gregory A. Cone."                                                  (signed)                                                 Mary A. Resnick                                                 Notary Public              My Commission Expires:              2-7-94 Lawyer Cone has citations reversed.  The  U. S. Patent Quarterly references the Atari v Nintendo lawsuit.   1510 should be corrected to 1015. Judge Fern Smith  ruled in both cases:                 The first two cases to directly address the issue of                 intermediate copying both originated in California's                 Northern District Court.  They are Atari v. Nintendo and                 Sega v. Accolade.  In both cases, the district court                  found that intermediate copying was NOT fair use. ...                 In a strong opinion she [Fern Smith] wrote in March 1991,                 when granting Nintendo's request for a preliminary                 injunction against Atari, she lambasted Atari's lawyers for                 thievery.  ...                 However, both cases have been overruled on appeal. In the                 ground-breaking Atari decision, the Federal Circuit held                 that intermediate copying was a fair use.  The Sega                 decision, which was appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of                 Appeals, similarly overruled the district court and held                 that intermediate copying may be fair use.         The New Use of Fair Use:  Accessing Copyrighted Programs Through          Reverse Engineering, Stephen B. Maebius, Journal of the Patent and          Trademark Office Society, June 1993, 75, n6, p433 Cone's affidavit attempts to create the appearance that  reverse engineering  I REFUSED to do for the FBI was  legal before July 27, 1992, the date of  my firing.  Decision of the appeal was apparently Decided SEPTEMBER 10, 1992.  Page 1016 from 24 USPQ 2d, Atari  Games Corp.  v. Nintendo of America.  I was fired JULY 27, 1992! Lawyer Cone has under oath knowingly made a false material declaration before a court.   Judge Hug, we just can't get the arrest warrant issued for Cone YET.  Or for those who violated the criminal sections of the Privacy Act Judges and clerks who are apparently are reluctant to properly proceed against other federal or federal contract employee are themselves committing crimes. Judge Hug, there is ONE SET OF LAWS in the United States of America.  Not a set of laws which applies to ordinary citizens and another which apply to judges, clerks, federal and federal contract employees. Rule 3 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, entitled the Complaint provides:               The complaint is a written statement of the essential  As you may be aware,              An individual may "make a written complaint on oath before          [United States v Kilpatrick (1883, DC NC) 16G 765, 769] You may also be aware,             A complaint though quite general in terms is valid if it             sufficiently apprises the defendant of the nature of the             offense with which he is charged.         [United States v Wood (1927, DC Tex) 26F2d 908, 910, affd         (CA5 Tex) 26 F2d 912. And for your edification,         The commission of a crime must be shown by facts positively         stated.  The oath or affirmation required is of facts and         not opinions or conclusion.         [United States ex rel. King v Gokey (1929, DC NY) 32 F2d         793, 794]         The complaint must be accompanied by an oath.         [Re Rules of Court (1877, CC Ga) 3 Woods 502, F Cas No         12126]         A complaint must be sworn to before a commissioner or other         officer empowered to commit persons charged with offenses         against the United States.         [United States v Bierley ( 1971, WD Pa) 331 F Supp 1182] Such office is now called a magistrate.         A complaint is ordinarily made by an investigating officer         or agent, and where private citizens seek warrants of         arrest, the practice recommended by the Judicial Conference         of the United States is to refer the complaint to the United         States Attorney.  However, further reference to him is         rendered futile where a mandamus proceeding is brought to         compel him to prosecute and he opposes the proceeding.         [Pugach v Klein (1961, SD NY) 193 F Supp 630, citing Manual         for United States Commissioners 5 (1948)] Any attempt to bring criminal complaints to government authorities  would, of course, be as evidenced by Gorrence's letter  . I am a citizen of the United States and you are the assigned  magistrate.         In order to satisfy the requirement of the Constitution          and Rules 3 and 4, a written and sworn complaint should set         forth the essential facts constituting the offense charged         and also facts showing that the offense was committed and         that the defendant committed it. And,         As to the requirement that the complaint be made on personal         knowledge of the complainant, it is enough for the issuance         of a warrant that a complainant shows it to be on the         knowledge of the complainant.         [Giordenello v United States (1958) 357 US 480, 2 L Ed. 2d         1503, 78 S Ct 1245, rev. (Ca5 Tx) 241 F2d 575, 579 in accord         Rice v Ames (1901) 180 US 371, 45 L Ed 577, 21 S ct 406, and         United States v Walker, (1952, CA2 NY) 197 F 2d 287, 289,         cert den 344 US 877, 97 L Ed 679, 73 S Ct 172] So as to keep contiguous the requirements of the law and the criminal  complaint affidavits, I will include this complaint in this letter  to you. CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVIT: Gwen Baptiste Essential material facts are: 1 July 25, 1996 Gwen Baptiste improperly returns criminal complaint affidavits properly forwarded to  Ninth Circuit judge J Clifford Wallace. 2 May 5, 1998  Bapitist repeats return of criminal complaint affidavits properly sent to judge Proctor Hug  Jr. COUNT 1 3  Ninth circuit Senior Case Expeditor Gwen Baptiste  is charged with REPEATED INTENTIONAL  MACLIOUS Obstruction of Justice, 18 USC 1512, (b) and (c).  Title 18 Obstruction of Justice, Article  1512, as amended, states              Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant              (b) Whoever knowingly uses intimidation ...               (3) hinder, delay or prevent the communication to a law              enforcement officer or judge of the United States of              information relating to the commission or possible              commission of a Federal offense ...              (c) Whoever intentionally harasses another person and               (1) reporting to a law enforcement or judge of the United              States the commission or possible commission of a Federal              offense ...              or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned ... for Baptiste's TWO attempts to convince citizen Payne to file a judicial misconduct complaint when Payne was filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS.               VERIFICATION               Under penalty of perjury as provided by law, the               Date                     William H. Payne         			 13015 Calle de Sandias NE                                           Albuquerque, NM 87111                                           505-292-7037 Judge Hug, many citizens are becoming disgusted with government misconduct.  Something must be done to correct this. One example is of government misconduct is how the Department of Justice handled the case of a citizen  ACCUSED of a federal firearm violation.  Displeasure with the way the government handled to bring the ACCUSED to justice led to an unfortunate display of dissatisfaction.  ARTICLES RELATED TO OKLAHOMA CITY BOMBING     Tenth circuit court clerks and judges violated their own rules denying court wins to citizen Morales and myself.  Senator Orrin Hatch improperly processed a judicial misconduct complaint against New Mexico
judge John Conway. These two acts mostly caused Morales and me AND OTHERS to reveal additional unfortunate decisions by
factions within the US government in the hope PROMPT SETTLEMENT will bring relief.         We seeks changes within the law so as to avoid future citizen frustration of our government and legal system not working properly.   And possible unacceptable, but understandable, future expressions of frustrations of government employees not  obeying the law. WRITTEN EVIDENCE both in document copies and on Internet is so BLATANT that crimes have been  committed.  I ask that you do you job and issue the warrants of arrest.  Or write me and tell me why you cannot. I ask that you respond within 30 days. No response is an invalid response.  As  accused felon former chief judge J Clifford Wallace may now know. Sincerely, William H. Payne 13015 Calle de Sandias NE Albuquerque, NM 87111 Distribution Antoin Scalia      Certified Return receipt requested

@_date: 1998-08-10 07:04:08
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: George Santyana & Great Satan 
Monday 8/10/98 6:58 AM
J Orlin Grabbe  John Young  We must be cautious when doing battle with the Great Fascist Satan.
The Great Satan is capable of doing some REALLY TERRIBLE things.
For example,
  Itï¿½s estimated 100,000 people died at Hiroshima on August 6, 1945.   five hours later, another 74,000 were killed a Nagasaki.  But these
  only include  those who perished in the initial blasts.  Many more
people died soon   afterward from radiation sickness, and other would die years later
from leukemia,       pernicious anemia, and other radiation-related
diseases. Current estimates calculate the     total number deaths so far
from the two blasts than 340,000 people.
page 68
  Five days after Nagasaki was bombed, Japan submitted to the
unconditional surrender that     America was insisting on.  Americaï¿½s
conventional bombing of Japan continued right up until   surrender was
finalized, killing more than 15,000 people after the Nagasaki bombing.
page 70
  Weird History 101
  John Richard Stephens / Paperback / Published 1997
Then, of course, other unfortunate US government FACTION decisions have
surfaced. Discovery of which involved the MfS
  Spymaster : The Real-Life 'Karla,' His Moles, and the East German
Secret Police   Leslie Colitt / Hardcover / Published 1995
We must recall the sequence of events in view of the tragic bombing in
Africa on Friday.
  1  bombing of the La Belle disco
  2  retaliatory bombing of Libya
  3  Pan Am 103
"Those who cannot remember the past are doomed to repeat it."
                                        -- George Santyana, 1905
What has changed over time since the start of the La Belle sequence is
that the balance of high tech technology advantage has shifted to the
terrorists.  Cheap PCs, Internet, international electronic and software
knowledge, foreign undergraduate and graduate school training in the
US,  12 years of compulsory English in many foreign schools, ...
I am not very happy about NSA/Sandia TRYING to get me involved in their
FBI and NSA SECRET/NSI work.  I want my money and out of their messes.
I am going to push the Privacy Act criminal violation HARD.
Letï¿½s hope for settlement before things get WORSE.
Later Friday 8/7/98  7:30 AM
Certified   Return receipt requested Proctor Hug  Jr Chief Judge, Ninth Circuit 50 West Liberty Street Reno, NV 89501-1948 (702) 784-5631 784-5166 fax Dear judge Hug: Purposes of this letter- criminal complaint affidavit are to 1 file a criminal complaint affidavits against Ninth circuit Senior Case Expeditor Gwen Baptiste for     Obstruction of Justice, 2  ask why not have not yet done your job. On 4/1/98 I forwarded to you criminal complaint affidavits for proper processing. In a hand-addressed envelope stamped CONFIDENTIAL with return address               CLERK, U.S. COURT OF APPEALS postmarked  SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF  APR 24 98 U.S. POSTAGE $2.62 METER 504753 some returned the complaints to me. On May 5, 1998 I received the ATTACHED letter which states   Re: Complaint of Judicial Misconduct   We have received your complaint of judicial misconduct or disability.  It is being returned to you for   failure to comply with the Rules of the Judicial Counsel of the Ninth Circuit Governing Complaints   of Judicial Misconduct or Disability (Rules).  See Rule 3(d). ...   xx_A copy of these Rules is enclosed.  To understand the purpose of the procedure and who may be   complained about, please refer to Rules 1 and 2. ...   xx  Statement of facts exceed five pages  See Rule 2(b). ...   xx  Other.  Please complete the complaint form and return sufficient copies.  See attached Rules for    guidance.   Your complaint can only be against Article Three Judges. Judge Hug,  I am NOT filing a COMPLAINT OF JUDICIAL MISCONDUCT. I am filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS in accordance with procedures set forth in law. Our forefathers designed the criminal law system with the possibility in mind that a cabal of lawyers might band together in an attempt to prevent prosecution of one or more friends. Therefore, if local federal officials will not do their duty and prosecute for criminal activity IN WRITING , then a citizen has the right to seek and select a magistrate from another district. Most individuals would interpret the letter                               U.S. Department of Justice                                United States Attorney                                District of New Mexico                                Post Office Box 607                               Albuquerque, New Mexico 87103                                                                   505/766 3341                                                                  505/766 2868                                                                           FAX 505/766-8517                               May 19, 1997    Mr. William A. Payne    13015 Calle de Sandia, NE    Albuquerque, New Mexico 87111    Dear Mr. Payne:       My name is Robert J. Gorence. I am the First Assistant U.S. Attorney and the Chief of the Criminal      Division for the United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico. I am in receipt of your    February 13, 1997 letter to Judge Frank John McGill as well as your September 20, 1996 Request for    Examination of Report Filed by a Judicial Officer. In your letter to Judge McGill, you assert on   page 2, paragraph 4 that you have filed a "criminal complaint affidavit" with Judge Bunton. On page 4 you    accuse Judge Paul Kelly of a felony. On page 8 you assert that you are waiting receipt of an arrest warrant for    Judge Kelly.       I do not understand the basis of your assertions. However, I will tell you that any attempt by you to privately    execute any type of "arrest warrant," against any member of the federal judiciary would constitute a violation    of 18 U.S.C. ï¿½ 1201 - Kidnaping, a felony which carries a potential of life imprisonment. Also, attempts on    your part to file private "criminal complaint affidavits" or "arrest warrants" regarding members of the federal    judiciary would constitute a violation of 18 U.S.C. ï¿½ 111 - Impeding a Federal Officer in the   Performance of Their Official Duties. I trust you will take my warnings seriously and that you will cease this    obstreperous conduct. If you do not, federal criminal charges will be filed against you.       Sincerely,       [Signature]       ROBERT J. GORENCE       First Assistant U.S. Attorney  RJG/maf  as an indication that justice would not be forthcoming from the New Mexico District Attorney's Office. Therefore, I sought external relief.  First with Judge Fern Smith, District of Northern California  on March 11, 1996. Smith along with Albuquerque FBI agent-in-charge Thomas Knier sent FBI agents to our home to attempt to threaten me.  Next I sought relief from  J. Clifford Wallace, chief judge,  Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals on  July 9, 1996. Wallace received a criminal complaint affidavit on Knier on July 15, 1996 for sending FBI agents in an attempt to threaten me. Ms. Corina Orozco,  Deputy Clerk., Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals wrote me              August 15, 1996              This court is in receipt of you letters dated July 15, 1996.              If you wish to file an appeal in this court and seek              judicial relief you must first file an action in the U.S.              District Court. NO, judge Hug, I was filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS. Gwen Baptiste from the Office of  the Clerk, United States Court of Appeals for The Ninth Circuit, wrote on July 25, 1996                   Re: Complaint of Judicial Misconduct              We have received your complaint of judicial misconduct.              Pursuant to the Rules of the Judicial Council of the Ninth              Circuit Governing Complaints of Judicial Misconduct or              Disability, you complaint is being returned to you for              compliance with the above rules.  A copy of these rules is              enclosed.  To understand the purpose of the procedure and              who may be complaint about please refer to Rules 1 and 2. AGAIN, judge Hug, I am filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS not COMPLAINTS OF JUDICIAL  MISCONDUCT.   Judge Hug, I hope it is FINALLY CLEAR that I am filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS as I am entitled to do by law. Judge Hug, THE DOCUMENTS YOU SHOULD HAVE IN YOUR POSSESSION and you can view on Internet at  show 1  Criminal violations of the Privacy Act      ATTACHED 11 pages beginning with Sandia National Laboratories     director  Michael Robles writing EEOC Director Charles Burtner.     A  I never saw the documents until Sandia employee Richard Gallegos gave me a copy in 1997.      B  Sandia denied that the documents existed.       C  The documents contain factually incorrect information.  I did NOTHING WRONG.  I followed all                 Sandia procedures known to me and obtained all required Sandia approvals.
    D  I was never given an opportunity to defend myself.        E  Neither Sandia nor EEOC had my permission in writing for release  of the information.  2  A ATTACHED PERJURED SWORN affidavit by Sandia attorney Gregory Cone submitted of the court of New Mexico judge John Conway.              AFFIDAVIT OF GREGORY A. CONE              Gregory A. Cone, being duly sworn, deposes and states:              1. I am employed by Sandia Corporation.  I am an attorney              admitted to practice law in the State of California and before the              U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and concentrate on legal issues              related to patent and copyright law.  In that capacity, I am               familiar with activities at the Sandia National Laboratories              ("Sandia") as they related to what is sometimes referred to as              "reverse engineering." ...               It is the general view at Sandia that disassembly of "object              code" under such circumstances constitutes a "fair use" of              copyrighted software under 17 U.S.C. article 107 and is thus              permissible.  Sandia bases its view on Sega Enterprises v.              Accolade, Inc. 977 F.2d 1510, 24 U.S.P. Q. 2d 1561 (9th Cir.              1992), amended, 1993 U. S. App. LEXIS 78, and Atari Games Corp              v. Nintendo of America, Inc, 975 F.2d 832 (Fed. Cir.               1992) ...              FURTHER, Affidavit sayeth naught.                                  (signed)                                 GREGORY A. CONE.              SUBSCRIBED, SWORN TO and ACKNOWLEDGED before me on this 12th              day of August, 1993, by Gregory A. Cone."                                                  (signed)                                                 Mary A. Resnick                                                 Notary Public              My Commission Expires:              2-7-94 Lawyer Cone has citations reversed.  The  U. S. Patent Quarterly references the Atari v Nintendo lawsuit.   1510 should be corrected to 1015. Judge Fern Smith  ruled in both cases:                 The first two cases to directly address the issue of                 intermediate copying both originated in California's                 Northern District Court.  They are Atari v. Nintendo and                 Sega v. Accolade.  In both cases, the district court                  found that intermediate copying was NOT fair use. ...                 In a strong opinion she [Fern Smith] wrote in March 1991,                 when granting Nintendo's request for a preliminary                 injunction against Atari, she lambasted Atari's lawyers for                 thievery.  ...                 However, both cases have been overruled on appeal. In the                 ground-breaking Atari decision, the Federal Circuit held                 that intermediate copying was a fair use.  The Sega                 decision, which was appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of                 Appeals, similarly overruled the district court and held                 that intermediate copying may be fair use.         The New Use of Fair Use:  Accessing Copyrighted Programs Through          Reverse Engineering, Stephen B. Maebius, Journal of the Patent and          Trademark Office Society, June 1993, 75, n6, p433 Cone's affidavit attempts to create the appearance that  reverse engineering  I REFUSED to do for the FBI was  legal before July 27, 1992, the date of  my firing.  Decision of the appeal was apparently Decided SEPTEMBER 10, 1992.  Page 1016 from 24 USPQ 2d, Atari  Games Corp.  v. Nintendo of America.  I was fired JULY 27, 1992! Lawyer Cone has under oath knowingly made a false material declaration before a court.   Judge Hug, we just can't get the arrest warrant issued for Cone YET.  Or for those who violated the criminal sections of the Privacy Act Judges and clerks who are apparently are reluctant to properly proceed against other federal or federal contract employee are themselves committing crimes. Judge Hug, there is ONE SET OF LAWS in the United States of America.  Not a set of laws which applies to ordinary citizens and another which apply to judges, clerks, federal and federal contract employees. Rule 3 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, entitled the Complaint provides:               The complaint is a written statement of the essential  As you may be aware,              An individual may "make a written complaint on oath before          [United States v Kilpatrick (1883, DC NC) 16G 765, 769] You may also be aware,             A complaint though quite general in terms is valid if it             sufficiently apprises the defendant of the nature of the             offense with which he is charged.         [United States v Wood (1927, DC Tex) 26F2d 908, 910, affd         (CA5 Tex) 26 F2d 912. And for your edification,         The commission of a crime must be shown by facts positively         stated.  The oath or affirmation required is of facts and         not opinions or conclusion.         [United States ex rel. King v Gokey (1929, DC NY) 32 F2d         793, 794]         The complaint must be accompanied by an oath.         [Re Rules of Court (1877, CC Ga) 3 Woods 502, F Cas No         12126]         A complaint must be sworn to before a commissioner or other         officer empowered to commit persons charged with offenses         against the United States.         [United States v Bierley ( 1971, WD Pa) 331 F Supp 1182] Such office is now called a magistrate.         A complaint is ordinarily made by an investigating officer         or agent, and where private citizens seek warrants of         arrest, the practice recommended by the Judicial Conference         of the United States is to refer the complaint to the United         States Attorney.  However, further reference to him is         rendered futile where a mandamus proceeding is brought to         compel him to prosecute and he opposes the proceeding.         [Pugach v Klein (1961, SD NY) 193 F Supp 630, citing Manual         for United States Commissioners 5 (1948)] Any attempt to bring criminal complaints to government authorities  would, of course, be as evidenced by Gorrence's letter  . I am a citizen of the United States and you are the assigned  magistrate.         In order to satisfy the requirement of the Constitution          and Rules 3 and 4, a written and sworn complaint should set         forth the essential facts constituting the offense charged         and also facts showing that the offense was committed and         that the defendant committed it. And,         As to the requirement that the complaint be made on personal         knowledge of the complainant, it is enough for the issuance         of a warrant that a complainant shows it to be on the         knowledge of the complainant.         [Giordenello v United States (1958) 357 US 480, 2 L Ed. 2d         1503, 78 S Ct 1245, rev. (Ca5 Tx) 241 F2d 575, 579 in accord         Rice v Ames (1901) 180 US 371, 45 L Ed 577, 21 S ct 406, and         United States v Walker, (1952, CA2 NY) 197 F 2d 287, 289,         cert den 344 US 877, 97 L Ed 679, 73 S Ct 172] So as to keep contiguous the requirements of the law and the criminal  complaint affidavits, I will include this complaint in this letter  to you. CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVIT: Gwen Baptiste Essential material facts are: 1 July 25, 1996 Gwen Baptiste improperly returns criminal complaint affidavits properly forwarded to  Ninth Circuit judge J Clifford Wallace. 2 May 5, 1998  Bapitist repeats return of criminal complaint affidavits properly sent to judge Proctor Hug  Jr. COUNT 1 3  Ninth circuit Senior Case Expeditor Gwen Baptiste  is charged with REPEATED INTENTIONAL  MACLIOUS Obstruction of Justice, 18 USC 1512, (b) and (c).  Title 18 Obstruction of Justice, Article  1512, as amended, states              Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant              (b) Whoever knowingly uses intimidation ...               (3) hinder, delay or prevent the communication to a law              enforcement officer or judge of the United States of              information relating to the commission or possible              commission of a Federal offense ...              (c) Whoever intentionally harasses another person and               (1) reporting to a law enforcement or judge of the United              States the commission or possible commission of a Federal              offense ...              or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned ... for Baptiste's TWO attempts to convince citizen Payne to file a judicial misconduct complaint when Payne was filing CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVITS.               VERIFICATION               Under penalty of perjury as provided by law, the               Date                     William H. Payne         			 13015 Calle de Sandias NE                                           Albuquerque, NM 87111                                           505-292-7037 Judge Hug, many citizens are becoming disgusted with government misconduct.  Something must be done to correct this. One example is of government misconduct is how the Department of Justice handled the case of a citizen  ACCUSED of a federal firearm violation.  Displeasure with the way the government handled to bring the ACCUSED to justice led to an unfortunate display of dissatisfaction.  ARTICLES RELATED TO OKLAHOMA CITY BOMBING     Tenth circuit court clerks and judges violated their own rules denying court wins to citizen Morales and myself.  Senator Orrin Hatch improperly processed a judicial misconduct complaint against New Mexico
judge John Conway. These two acts mostly caused Morales and me AND OTHERS to reveal additional unfortunate decisions by
factions within the US government in the hope PROMPT SETTLEMENT will bring relief.         We seeks changes within the law so as to avoid future citizen frustration of our government and legal system not working properly.   And possible unacceptable, but understandable, future expressions of frustrations of government employees not  obeying the law. WRITTEN EVIDENCE both in document copies and on Internet is so BLATANT that crimes have been  committed.  I ask that you do you job and issue the warrants of arrest.  Or write me and tell me why you cannot. I ask that you respond within 30 days. No response is an invalid response.  As  accused felon former chief judge J Clifford Wallace may now know. Sincerely, William H. Payne 13015 Calle de Sandias NE Albuquerque, NM 87111 Distribution Antoin Scalia      Certified Return receipt requested

@_date: 1998-08-11 07:35:45
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Appeal coming in mail 
Tuesday 8/11/98 8:14 AM
George B. Breznay, Director
Office of Hearings and Appeals
Department of Energy
Washington, DC 20585
Dear Director Breznay:
Purpose of this letter is appeal a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
Attached is Herbert Richardsonï¿½s July 6, 1996 denial letter of request
Richardson writes
  Under Title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (C.F.R), subsection
1004.1, the Department of    Energy will make available records which it
is authorized to withhold under the Act         whenever it determines
that disclosure is in the public interest.  In invoking exemptions 6  and 7(c), we have determined that it is not in the public interest to
release the withheld   material.  In this request, we have determined
that the public interest in the identity of   individuals whose names
appear in investigative files does not outweigh these individualsï¿½  privacy interest.  Those interest include being free from intrusion into
the professional    and private lives.
Director Breznay, my FOIA was for ï¿½all investigative reports authored by
DOE into my allegations that NSA willfully and knowingly attempted to
sabotage DOE/Sandia cryptographic projects.ï¿½ THIS IS IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST.
I appeal.
The public has a right to know about fights for control of power between
US government agencies which endanger national security.   And attempts to cover-up.
these fights.
I ask that you compile a Vaughn Index of the 215 items listed by
  An agency is required to make a decision on an appeal
  within 20 days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal
  holidays). It is possible for an agency to extend the time
  limits by an additional 10 days.
I ask that you respond in the time allotted to you by law.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111

@_date: 1998-08-11 18:36:54
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Curis LeMay theory of responsibility 
Tuesday 8/11/98 6:56 PM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
Morales courtroom outcome today was perhaps most important for the
reason that judge Leroy Hansen dismissed all of the individually-named
defendants in Morales' case.
Hansen cited a Tenth circuit ruling where individually-named defendants
were dismissed.
The tenth circuit decision is monumental in that
1  one can only do discovery on individually-named defendants if some
opinion is correct.  Named parties.
Morales and I squeaked by in our NSA lawsuit because US assistant
attorney did not complain in time.
2  no one is INDIVIDUALLY to blame.  There is only an agency.
The LeMay theory is that EVERYONE is to blame.  This is after general
Curtis. The LeMay theory is that if some government is doing something the US
government does not like, then the US begins to kill the citizens of the
errant government.  Doesnï¿½t make any difference what citizens.  All are treated equal.
After the US kills enough citizens, then the errant government stops
whatever offended the US.
2 is opposite the LeMay theory.
Problem is that few believe this.  Disbelivers revert to the LeMay theory.  Everyone is to blame.
Hence terrorism is justified.
The Allahu Akbar crowd has figured-out this.
Morales and I  are going to ATTEMPT to bring the guilty in our NSA
lawsuit to justice.
Wish us luck.
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS           FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT    William H. Payne        	   	                     )    Arthur R. Morales                                               )                                                                               )    Appellants Plaintiffs,                                           )                                                                               )      98-2156 v                                                                         )	98-2157    Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )    Director, National Security Agency	                     )    National Security Agency		                     )                                                                                )    Appellees Defendants                                           )    RESPONSE TO MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE MEMORANDUM BRIEFS ADDRESSING JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
1	COMES NOW appellant plaintiffs [Appellants - Plaintiffs] Payne [Payne] and Morales [Morales]     pro se litigants to exercise their rights  guaranteed under the Constitution and Federal Rules of Appellate
Procedure   Any party may file a response in opposition to a motion other than one for procedural order
  [for which see subdivision (b)] within 7 days after service of the motion,  ...
   FRAP 26c  Additional Time after Service. When a party is required or permitted to act within a prescribed      period after service of a paper upon that party, 3 calendar days are added to the prescribed period unless the       paper is delivered on the date of service  stated in the proof of service.   MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE MEMORANDUM BRIEFS ADDRESSING JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES  [MOTION] was served on August 3, 1998 by Jan E Mitchell [Mitchell], Assistant US Attorney by mail.  Exhibit A.
2 Mitchell writes
  The Defendant-Appellee, National Security Agency [1], moves this Court for an Order extending the time
  to and including twenty-one (21) days following the date Plaintiffs-Appellants file their memorandum brief
  in which to file it memorandum briefs discussing jurisdictional issue in the above-referenced appeals. ...
    3.  Defendant-Appellee is not seeking an appeal and therefore, will NOT seek a certification for     interlocutory appeal from the District Courtï¿½s memorandum Opinion and Order entered April 30, 1998, nor
  will Defendant-Appellee seek an order explicitly adjudicating all remaining claims.
    4.  On July 22, 1998, Plaintiffs-Appellants were granted an extension until September 1, 1998 to respond to     the Courtï¿½s show cause orders of June 30, 1998.
    5 .  Defendant-Appellee seeks an additional twenty-one (21) days from the date in which Plaintiffï¿½s-
  Appellantsï¿½ memorandum must be served in which to serve the memorandum briefs.  According to the Show   Cause Order, if Appellants do not seek and obtain a certification for interlocutory appeal or a final dispositive   adjudication concerning appeal N. 9821257, the appeal may be dismissed, in which case a jurisdictional brief   would not be required as to that appeal.  Should Plaintiffs-Appellants seek and obtain a certification for   interlocutory appeal pertaining to No. 2157, in the interest of economy, Defendant-Appellant seeks to file the   two memorandum briefs on the two very related jurisdictional issues at one time.
    6.  Undersigned counsel for Defendant-Appellee has contacted Plaintiff-Appellant William H. Payne who     has concurred on his own behalf and own behalf for Plaintiff-Appellant Arthur R. Morales in granting of this     motion. ...
3  Payne confirms 6 above in  fax
Monday 8/3/98 3:41 PM
  FAX
  Jan Elizabeth Mitchell
  Assistant U.S. Attorney
  U.S. Department of Justice
  United States Attorney
  District of New Mexico
  Post Office Box 607
  Albuquerque, NM 87103
  505/346-7274
  505/766-2868
  FAX 505/346-7205
  Dear Ms Mitchell:
  Purpose of the fax is to   1  review points covered in our 8/3/98 14:18 phone conversation
  2  suggest settlement.
  You phoned me today.
  You told me that you planned to file a motion or response to the Tenth circuitï¿½s
  request Morales and my response to the jurisdictional issue on the 21st of August.
  I told you that this was premature on your part since we had moved for a second time
  for an extension of time.
  I told you also that this matter was now before congress.
  You appeared to indicate to me that you were in the process of adding both Morales and
  Minihan as named parties in this appeal.
  You asked me if it would be agreeable to us if you filed a response to the Tenth circuit
  21 days AFTER Morales and I filed our response to the Tenth circuit on the jurisdictional
  issue.
  I AGREED.
  I spoke to Morales on the phone shortly after our phone conversation.
  Arguing points of law before court clerks and judges who have outstanding criminal complaint
  affidavits for crimes COMMITTED IN WRITING against them would be unproductive on Morales and my   part.
  Therefore, we will proceed to resolve the criminal conduct on the part of judges and court clerks
  before we proceed further in this matter.
  We will do this at the Congressional level.
  Senate Judiciary Committe chairman Orrin Hatch, unfortunately, failed to properly process a valid
  complaint on New Mexico district court chief judge John Conway in 1995.      Hatchï¿½s failure to properly respond in 1995, in large part, caused our current legal conflict with DIR NSA   Minihan.
  We foresee an unfortunate escalation of hostilities if this matter proceeds as it is.    We do not wish this.
  We seek settlement of the UNFORTUNATE matter at the earliest time.
  We ask your and Congressional help to settle this UNFORTUNATE matter before it gets WORSE.
  If I have made any essential material errors in reporting my impression of the contents of our conversation,   then I would appreciate you giving your impression of possible errors.    You can do this in the letter you said you would write to us.
  Sincerely,
  bill payne
  13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	          Albuquerque, NM 87111              	          Distribution
  Senate Judiciary Committee   e-mail
  Arthur R Morales e-mail			
4  Michell responds to 3 in letter dated August 4, 1998.   Exhibit B
Mitchell writes
    I have received Mr. Payneï¿½s FAX dated August 3, 1998 at 4:22.  I want to clarify a few points. ...
    As to the caption of the appeal, I have noted in the motion for extension of time which has been filed with    the Tenth Circuit that there was an additional Defendant numbed in the District Court case.  However, I am   constrained at the time to use the caption which the Tenth Circuit is reflecting on its pleadings.
  I will forward your FAX suggesting settlement to Defendants.
5  Federal Rules of Civil Procedure   Rule 54(b) states
(b) Judgment Upon Multiple Claims or Involving Multiple Parties.
  When more than one claim for relief is presented in an action, whether as a claim, counterclaim, cross-claim,     or third-party claim, or when multiple parties are involved, the court may direct the entry of a final judgment   as to one or more but fewer than all of the claims or parties only upon an express determination that there is   no just reason for delay and upon an express direction for the entry of judgment. In the absence of such   determination and direction, any order or other form of decision, however designated, which adjudicates  fewer   than all the claims or the rights and liabilities of fewer than all the parties shall not terminate the    action as to  any of the claims or parties, and the order or other form of decision is subject to revision at any
  time before the entry of judgment adjudicating all the claims and the rights and liabilities of all the parties.
Interpretation of meaning of 54(b) is
  RULE 54(b) JUDGMENTS UPON MULTIPLE CLAIMS OR INVOLVING MULTIPLE PARTIES
  CORE CONCEPT
     A judgment entered as to less than all claims in a lawsuit, or as to less than all parties in a lawsuit,
  is not immediately appealable.  Instead, the appeal must generally await the entry of judgment as to all    remaining claims and parties.  However, the district court can make a judgment as to less than all claims or   parties ï¿½finalï¿½, and thus immediately appeals, by expressly certifying that no just cause exists to delay the   appeal and by directing the entry of judgment.
  APPLICATIONS
     Prerequisites to Rule 54(b)
    There are three prerequisites for obtaining an immediately appealable judgment from the district court   entered as to less than all claims or parties.
  1:  Multiple Claims or Parties Fully Resolved:  To be eligible for immediate appeal under Rule 54(b), a     partial adjudication must either (a) finally resolve at least one claim or (b) finally resolve the rights and   liabilities of  at least one party.  A claim or a partyï¿½s interest MUST be adjudicated to finality, such that there   is nothing more to do that claim or that party but await the conclusion of the remaining portion of the   litigation.  This limitation is a pivotal one.  Rule 54(b) does not alter the normal rules of appellate finality for   individuals claims, and no appeal may be taken from district court ruling or any particular claim until the   court finally resolves that claim.
  Multiple claims exist where each claim is factually separate and independent, or where each claim could be   enforced separately.
  2:  No just Cause for Delay:  The district court must state, in clear and unmistakable language, that there is    no just cause to delay the appeal of the adjudicated claim or the adjudicated right and liability of a party.    Whether ï¿½just causeï¿½ exists is a determination made on a case-by-case basis.  Certain criteria guide the   courtï¿½s consideration:
  o  The relationship between adjudicated and unadjudicated claims;
  o  The possibility that the need for appellate review might be mooted by future developments in district court;
  o  The possibility that the district court might be obligated to consider the same issue on a later occasion;
  o  The presence (or absence) or a claim or counterclaim that could result in a set-off against the judgment   now sought to be made final and appealable; and
  o  Other factors, including delay, economic and solvency concerns, shortening of trial time, frivolity or   competing claims, and expense.
  3:  Entry of judgment:  In clear and unmistakable language, the district court must also direct that judgment     is entered as to that one claim or one party.
  Explanation by the District Court
    In its order entering a Rule 54(b) judgment, the district court must clearly explain why it has concluded that   an immediate appellate review of that order is advisable.
  Burden of Proof
    The moving party bears the burden of establishing that a partial judgment should be entered under Rule   54(b).
  Discretion of District Judge
    Whether to enter a judgment under Rule 54(b) is reserved to the sound discretion of the district judge.  Such      arguments are contrary to the historic federal policy against piecemeal appeals.  For this reason, Rule 54(b)   orders are not granted routinely or an accommodation to counsel.  Instead, the district court must carefully   balance the needs of the parties for an immediate appeal against the interests of efficient management of the   litigation.
   Motions for Rule 54(b) Judgments
    A party may file a motion with the court to certify under Rule 54(b), or the court may do so on its own   initiative.
  Effects of Rule 54(b) Judgments
    Once entered, the time for appeal on the judgment begins to run, and does post-judgment interest.
  Appealability of Denials for Rule 54(b) Requests
    Allowing immediate appellate review of ï¿½partialï¿½ final judgments is a practice that departs from the federal
  courtsï¿½ traditional opposition to piecemeal appeals.  Rule 54(b), thus, represents an unusual exception to this   settled policy.  Predictably, the court reject immediate attempt to challenge denials of Rule 54(b) judgments     as premature and unappealable until a final ruling his entered on the merits.
   Federal Civil Rules Handbook  1996, Baicker-McKee, Janssen, Corr, West Publishing Company
6  Appellants-Plaintiffs assert that there is NO REASON to seek a Rule 54 (b) certification for the REASON THAT New Mexico district judge Santiago Campos [Campos] already issued such certification.
FACT 1   4 May 1998  Campos writes
  NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that sua sponte, Defendant is DEEMED by the Court to be the NSA,   and not Lt. Gen. Kenneth A. Minihan. Future captions for this case should reflect this change.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Morales is GRANTED.
 1: [A] claim or a partyï¿½s interest MUST be adjudicated to finality ... has been satisfied.
FACT 2   2:  is satisfed.   [N]o just Cause for Delay:  Dismissing Minihan and Morales have nothing to do with the remaining claims of whether AppelleeS-
DefendantS Minihan and NSA provide lawfully requested documents on
              2  Libyan message intercepted by the US
FACT 3    3: In clear and unmistakable language, the district court must also direct that judgment                        is entered as to that one claim or one party.
  NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that sua sponte, Defendant is DEEMED by the Court to be the NSA,   and not Lt. Gen. Kenneth A. Minihan. Future captions for this case should reflect this change.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Morales is GRANTED.
    is QUITE CLEAR.
FACT 4   Motions for Rule 54(b) Judgments
    A party may file a motion with the court to certify under Rule 54(b), or the court may do so on its own     initiative.
Campos issues Rule 54(b) certification ON HIS OWN INITIATIVE.
     However, I shall await decision on the appeals before the Tenth circuit prior to setting a date for        presentment of the classified Declaration or before taking any further action in this case.
FACT 5  Therefore, no Rule 54(b) certification needs to be sought by Appellants-Plaintiffs.
7  Campos did not explicitly state in Camposï¿½s June 29, 1998 letter or in Camposï¿½ MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER  that a Rule 54(b) decision was issued.  Therefore, Appellants-Plaintiffs seek to clarify Campos intention
  Wednesday 8/11/98
  Certified   Return receipt requested   Santiago E. Campos, Senior Judge
  P.O. Box 2244
  U.S. Courthouse
  South Federal Place
  Santa Fe, NM 87504-2244
  Re: William H. Payne v. National Security Agency
  Civ. No. 97-0266 SC/DJS
  Dear Judge Campos,
  We assume that your statement
    However, I shall await decision on the appeals before the Tenth circuit prior to setting a date for       presentment of the classified Declaration or before taking any further action in this case.
 in your June 29, 1998 letter seen at  is a sua sponte Rule 54(b) certification
 for immediate appeal.
  If we are incorrect in our assumption, then we ask that you write us and explain why we would need to   wait to appeal.
  Clearly we have satisfied the three conditions required for immediate appeal which we are sure you are
  acquainted.    If not, however,  these conditions are included  in Federal Civil Rules Handbook  1996, Baicker-McKee,     Janssen, Corr, West Publishing Company
  Also, we would ask that you justify seeking permission for appeal from a judge who has issued a    MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER when appellants have satisfied Rule 54(b) conditions if you     choose to respond negative.
  If we do not hear from you Monday August 31, 1998, then we will treat our assumption as correct.
  Sincerely
  William H. Payne             	   	 Arthur R. Morales
  13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	               1024 Los Arboles NW
  Albuquerque, NM 87111              	 Albuquerque, NM 87107        8  Appellants-Plaintiffs receive   Exhibit C
  UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS   FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT   WILLIAM H. PAYNE; ARTHUR R.   MORALES     	Plaintiff - Appellants,		        98-2157   NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY,              Defendant - Appellee.                                 ORDER
    The appellants and appellee are granted additional time until September 21, 1998
  to this court's show cause order of June 30, 1998.  All other requests contained in the
  appellants; motion filed August 4, 1998 are referred to the panel of judges who will hear
  this case on the merits.
  			Deputy Clerk
A  Hearing MUST be corrected to include defendant Minihan.
B  Clerk FISHER has not addressed his removal from the appeal for previous title 18 felony violations of
C  ORDER does not address selection of three judge panel so not to include judges accused of Title 18 felony
violations of law or biased judges.
WHEREFORE    9  CORRECT ORDER Filed August 6, 1998 to include NSA Director Minihan. for reason
              1  Find out who is RESPONSIBLE  Possiblity exists that some may pay with their lives for       if this matter is NOT PEACEFULLY SETTLED.
10  EXPLICITLY RESPOND to request for removal of clerks FISHER and Hoecker from this appeal.
11  EXPLAIN how an unbiased panel of judges can be found at the Tenth circuit.
Respectfully submitted,                        William H. Payne             	   	                            13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                            Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                            Arthur R. Morales                                                   1024 Los Arboles NW                                                Albuquerque, NM 87107                                               Pro se litigants                   CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE    I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing response and motion   was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF,    Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency,    9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000    and mailed to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney,    9 Floor, Bank of America Building, 3rd and Tijeras, ABQ, NM 87102    an original and three copies as required by FRAP 27(d)     United States Court of    Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, 1823 Stout Street, Denver, Co 80257 by CERTIFIED     RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED mail August 11, 1998.

@_date: 1998-08-12 06:10:28
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Crypto AG by Laszlo Baranyi 
Wednesday 8/12/98 6:49 AM
Laszlo Baranyi, lb at qainfo.se
One of the changes I made this morning to   RESPONSE TO MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE MEMORANDUM BRIEFS   ADDRESSING JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
was to include Your work is a major contribution to getting to story OUT THERE.
Morales will sign at about 07:30 this morning and I will mail at about
Let's all hope for PEACEFUL settlement of this STUPID TRAGIC BLUNDER.
 Stupidity is difficult to underestimate.   Robert Franklin Wallace,
economist I DO consulting in addition to directing Ph.D. degrees.
     and building crypto units for the NSA/Sandia/DOE I am in the completion phase of digitizing the   Model 2600FX Ultrasonic Veneer Tester
using a high-speed, probably Dallas DCS80C320, 80C32.  But I am ensuring
that my
80C32 code works on all of the major 80C32 vendors parts.
See 2600FX at One version of the green machine at runs on the Forth from my book.
I did the MASM interface to Visual Basic for
  PC Data System - Pentium PC & Windows (R) software system for
production-line lumber   testing - CLT & HCLT
I SINCERELY hope to return to DO ONLY technical work SOON.  As soon as Morales and I GET OUR MONEY!  I hope this is CLEAR.
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS           FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT    William H. Payne        	   	                     )    Arthur R. Morales                                               )                                                                               )    Appellants Plaintiffs,                                           )                                                                               )      98-2156 v                                                                         )	98-2157    Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )    Director, National Security Agency	                     )    National Security Agency		                     )                                                                                )    Appellees Defendants                                           )    RESPONSE TO MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE MEMORANDUM BRIEFS ADDRESSING JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
1	COMES NOW appellant plaintiffs [Appellants - Plaintiffs] Payne [Payne] and Morales [Morales]     pro se litigants to exercise their rights  guaranteed under the Constitution and Federal Rules of Appellate
Procedure   Any party may file a response in opposition to a motion other than one for procedural order
  [for which see subdivision (b)] within 7 days after service of the motion,  ...
   FRAP 26c  Additional Time after Service. When a party is required or permitted to act within a prescribed      period after service of a paper upon that party, 3 calendar days are added to the prescribed period unless the       paper is delivered on the date of service  stated in the proof of service.   MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE MEMORANDUM BRIEFS ADDRESSING JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES  [MOTION] was served on August 3, 1998 by Jan E Mitchell [Mitchell], Assistant US Attorney by mail.  Exhibit A.
2 Mitchell writes
  The Defendant-Appellee, National Security Agency [1], moves this Court for an Order extending the time
  to and including twenty-one (21) days following the date Plaintiffs-Appellants file their memorandum brief
  in which to file it memorandum briefs discussing jurisdictional issue in the above-referenced appeals. ...
    3.  Defendant-Appellee is not seeking an appeal and therefore, will NOT seek a certification for     interlocutory appeal from the District Court's memorandum Opinion and Order entered April 30, 1998, nor
  will Defendant-Appellee seek an order explicitly adjudicating all remaining claims.
    4.  On July 22, 1998, Plaintiffs-Appellants were granted an extension until September 1, 1998 to respond to     the Court's show cause orders of June 30, 1998.
    5 .  Defendant-Appellee seeks an additional twenty-one (21) days from the date in which Plaintiff's-
  Appellants' memorandum must be served in which to serve the memorandum briefs.  According to the Show   Cause Order, if Appellants do not seek and obtain a certification for interlocutory appeal or a final dispositive   adjudication concerning appeal N. 9821257, the appeal may be dismissed, in which case a jurisdictional brief   would not be required as to that appeal.  Should Plaintiffs-Appellants seek and obtain a certification for   interlocutory appeal pertaining to No. 2157, in the interest of economy, Defendant-Appellant seeks to file the   two memorandum briefs on the two very related jurisdictional issues at one time.
    6.  Undersigned counsel for Defendant-Appellee has contacted Plaintiff-Appellant William H. Payne who     has concurred on his own behalf and own behalf for Plaintiff-Appellant Arthur R. Morales in granting of this     motion. ...
3  Payne confirms 6 above in  fax
Monday 8/3/98 3:41 PM
  FAX
  Jan Elizabeth Mitchell
  Assistant U.S. Attorney
  U.S. Department of Justice
  United States Attorney
  District of New Mexico
  Post Office Box 607
  Albuquerque, NM 87103
  505/346-7274
  505/766-2868
  FAX 505/346-7205
  Dear Ms Mitchell:
  Purpose of the fax is to   1  review points covered in our 8/3/98 14:18 phone conversation
  2  suggest settlement.
  You phoned me today.
  You told me that you planned to file a motion or response to the Tenth circuit's
  request Morales and my response to the jurisdictional issue on the 21st of August.
  I told you that this was premature on your part since we had moved for a second time
  for an extension of time.
  I told you also that this matter was now before congress.
  You appeared to indicate to me that you were in the process of adding both Morales and
  Minihan as named parties in this appeal.
  You asked me if it would be agreeable to us if you filed a response to the Tenth circuit
  21 days AFTER Morales and I filed our response to the Tenth circuit on the jurisdictional
  issue.
  I AGREED.
  I spoke to Morales on the phone shortly after our phone conversation.
  Arguing points of law before court clerks and judges who have outstanding criminal complaint
  affidavits for crimes COMMITTED IN WRITING against them would be unproductive on Morales and my   part.
  Therefore, we will proceed to resolve the criminal conduct on the part of judges and court clerks
  before we proceed further in this matter.
  We will do this at the Congressional level.
  Senate Judiciary Committe chairman Orrin Hatch, unfortunately, failed to properly process a valid
  complaint on New Mexico district court chief judge John Conway in 1995.      Hatch's failure to properly respond in 1995, in large part, caused our current legal conflict with DIR NSA   Minihan.
  We foresee an unfortunate escalation of hostilities if this matter proceeds as it is.    We do not wish this.
  We seek settlement of the UNFORTUNATE matter at the earliest time.
  We ask your and Congressional help to settle this UNFORTUNATE matter before it gets WORSE.
  If I have made any essential material errors in reporting my impression of the contents of our conversation,   then I would appreciate you giving your impression of possible errors.    You can do this in the letter you said you would write to us.
  Sincerely,
  bill payne
  13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	          Albuquerque, NM 87111              	          Distribution
  Senate Judiciary Committee   e-mail
  Arthur R Morales e-mail			
4  Michell responds to 3 in letter dated August 4, 1998.   Exhibit B
Mitchell writes
    I have received Mr. Payne's FAX dated August 3, 1998 at 4:22.  I want to clarify a few points. ...
    As to the caption of the appeal, I have noted in the motion for extension of time which has been filed with    the Tenth Circuit that there was an additional Defendant numbed in the District Court case.  However, I am   constrained at the time to use the caption which the Tenth Circuit is reflecting on its pleadings.
  I will forward your FAX suggesting settlement to Defendants.
5  Federal Rules of Civil Procedure   Rule 54(b) states
(b) Judgment Upon Multiple Claims or Involving Multiple Parties.
  When more than one claim for relief is presented in an action, whether as a claim, counterclaim, cross-claim,     or third-party claim, or when multiple parties are involved, the court may direct the entry of a final judgment   as to one or more but fewer than all of the claims or parties only upon an express determination that there is   no just reason for delay and upon an express direction for the entry of judgment. In the absence of such   determination and direction, any order or other form of decision, however designated, which adjudicates  fewer   than all the claims or the rights and liabilities of fewer than all the parties shall not terminate the    action as to  any of the claims or parties, and the order or other form of decision is subject to revision at any
  time before the entry of judgment adjudicating all the claims and the rights and liabilities of all the parties.
Interpretation of meaning of 54(b) is
  RULE 54(b) JUDGMENTS UPON MULTIPLE CLAIMS OR INVOLVING MULTIPLE PARTIES
  CORE CONCEPT
     A judgment entered as to less than all claims in a lawsuit, or as to less than all parties in a lawsuit,
  is not immediately appealable.  Instead, the appeal must generally await the entry of judgment as to all    remaining claims and parties.  However, the district court can make a judgment as to less than all claims or   parties "final", and thus immediately appeals, by expressly certifying that no just cause exists to delay the   appeal and by directing the entry of judgment.
  APPLICATIONS
     Prerequisites to Rule 54(b)
    There are three prerequisites for obtaining an immediately appealable judgment from the district court   entered as to less than all claims or parties.
  1:  Multiple Claims or Parties Fully Resolved:  To be eligible for immediate appeal under Rule 54(b), a     partial adjudication must either (a) finally resolve at least one claim or (b) finally resolve the rights and   liabilities of  at least one party.  A claim or a party's interest MUST be adjudicated to finality, such that there   is nothing more to do that claim or that party but await the conclusion of the remaining portion of the   litigation.  This limitation is a pivotal one.  Rule 54(b) does not alter the normal rules of appellate finality for   individuals claims, and no appeal may be taken from district court ruling or any particular claim until the   court finally resolves that claim.
  Multiple claims exist where each claim is factually separate and independent, or where each claim could be   enforced separately.
  2:  No just Cause for Delay:  The district court must state, in clear and unmistakable language, that there is    no just cause to delay the appeal of the adjudicated claim or the adjudicated right and liability of a party.    Whether "just cause" exists is a determination made on a case-by-case basis.  Certain criteria guide the   court's consideration:
  o  The relationship between adjudicated and unadjudicated claims;
  o  The possibility that the need for appellate review might be mooted by future developments in district court;
  o  The possibility that the district court might be obligated to consider the same issue on a later occasion;
  o  The presence (or absence) or a claim or counterclaim that could result in a set-off against the judgment   now sought to be made final and appealable; and
  o  Other factors, including delay, economic and solvency concerns, shortening of trial time, frivolity or   competing claims, and expense.
  3:  Entry of judgment:  In clear and unmistakable language, the district court must also direct that judgment     is entered as to that one claim or one party.
  Explanation by the District Court
    In its order entering a Rule 54(b) judgment, the district court must clearly explain why it has concluded that   an immediate appellate review of that order is advisable.
  Burden of Proof
    The moving party bears the burden of establishing that a partial judgment should be entered under Rule   54(b).
  Discretion of District Judge
    Whether to enter a judgment under Rule 54(b) is reserved to the sound discretion of the district judge.  Such      arguments are contrary to the historic federal policy against piecemeal appeals.  For this reason, Rule 54(b)   orders are not granted routinely or an accommodation to counsel.  Instead, the district court must carefully   balance the needs of the parties for an immediate appeal against the interests of efficient management of the   litigation.
   Motions for Rule 54(b) Judgments
    A party may file a motion with the court to certify under Rule 54(b), or the court may do so on its own   initiative.
  Effects of Rule 54(b) Judgments
    Once entered, the time for appeal on the judgment begins to run, and does post-judgment interest.
  Appealability of Denials for Rule 54(b) Requests
    Allowing immediate appellate review of "partial" final judgments is a practice that departs from the federal
  courts' traditional opposition to piecemeal appeals.  Rule 54(b), thus, represents an unusual exception to this   settled policy.  Predictably, the court reject immediate attempt to challenge denials of Rule 54(b) judgments     as premature and unappealable until a final ruling his entered on the merits.
   Federal Civil Rules Handbook  1996, Baicker-McKee, Janssen, Corr, West Publishing Company
6  Appellants-Plaintiffs assert that there is NO REASON to seek a Rule 54 (b) certification for the REASON THAT New Mexico district judge Santiago Campos [Campos] already issued such certification.
FACT 1   4 May 1998  Campos writes
  NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that sua sponte, Defendant is DEEMED by the Court to be the NSA,   and not Lt. Gen. Kenneth A. Minihan. Future captions for this case should reflect this change.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Morales is GRANTED.
 1: [A] claim or a party's interest MUST be adjudicated to finality ... has been satisfied.
FACT 2   2:  is satisfed.   [N]o just Cause for Delay:  Dismissing Minihan and Morales have nothing to do with the remaining claims of whether AppelleeS-
DefendantS Minihan and NSA provide lawfully requested documents on
              2  Libyan message intercepted by the US
FACT 3    3: In clear and unmistakable language, the district court must also direct that judgment                        is entered as to that one claim or one party.
  NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that sua sponte, Defendant is DEEMED by the Court to be the NSA,   and not Lt. Gen. Kenneth A. Minihan. Future captions for this case should reflect this change.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Morales is GRANTED.
    is QUITE CLEAR.
FACT 4   Motions for Rule 54(b) Judgments
    A party may file a motion with the court to certify under Rule 54(b), or the court may do so on its own     initiative.
Campos issues Rule 54(b) certification ON HIS OWN INITIATIVE.
     However, I shall await decision on the appeals before the Tenth circuit prior to setting a date for        presentment of the classified Declaration or before taking any further action in this case.
FACT 5  Therefore, no Rule 54(b) certification needs to be sought by Appellants-Plaintiffs.
7  Campos did not explicitly state in Campos's June 29, 1998 letter or in Campos' MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER  that a Rule 54(b) decision was issued.  Therefore, Appellants-Plaintiffs seek to clarify Campos intention
  Wednesday 8/12/98
  Certified   Return receipt requested   Santiago E. Campos, Senior Judge
  P.O. Box 2244
  U.S. Courthouse
  South Federal Place
  Santa Fe, NM 87504-2244
  Re: William H. Payne v. National Security Agency
  Civ. No. 97-0266 SC/DJS
  Dear Judge Campos,
  We assume that your statement
    However, I shall await decision on the appeals before the Tenth circuit prior to setting a date for       presentment of the classified Declaration or before taking any further action in this case.
 in your June 29, 1998 letter seen at  is a sua sponte Rule 54(b) certification
 for immediate appeal.
  If we are incorrect in our assumption, then we ask that you write us and explain why we would need to   wait to appeal.
  Clearly we have satisfied the three conditions required for immediate appeal which we are sure you are
  acquainted.    If not, however,  these conditions are included  in Federal Civil Rules Handbook  1996, Baicker-McKee,     Janssen, Corr, West Publishing Company
  Also, we would ask that you justify seeking permission for appeal from a judge who has issued a    MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER when appellants have satisfied Rule 54(b) conditions if you     choose to respond negative.
  If we do not hear from you Monday August 31, 1998, then we will treat our assumption as correct.
  Sincerely
  William H. Payne             	   	 Arthur R. Morales
  13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	               1024 Los Arboles NW
  Albuquerque, NM 87111              	 Albuquerque, NM 87107        8  Appellants-Plaintiffs receive   Exhibit C
  UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS   FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT   WILLIAM H. PAYNE; ARTHUR R.   MORALES     	Plaintiff - Appellants,		        98-2157   NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY,              Defendant - Appellee.                                 ORDER
    The appellants and appellee are granted additional time until September 21, 1998
  to this court's show cause order of June 30, 1998.  All other requests contained in the
  appellants; motion filed August 4, 1998 are referred to the panel of judges who will hear
  this case on the merits.
  			Deputy Clerk
A  Hearing MUST be corrected to include defendant Minihan.
B  Clerk FISHER has not addressed his removal from the appeal for previous title 18 felony violations of
C  ORDER does not address selection of three judge panel so not to include judges accused of Title 18 felony
violations of law or biased judges.
WHEREFORE    9  CORRECT ORDER Filed August 6, 1998 to include NSA Director Minihan. for reason
              1  Find out who is RESPONSIBLE  Some may pay with their lives for         if this matter is NOT PEACEFULLY SETTLED.
10  EXPLICITLY RESPOND to request for removal of clerks FISHER and Hoecker from this appeal.
11  EXPLAIN how an unbiased panel of judges can be found at the Tenth circuit.
Respectfully submitted,                        William H. Payne             	   	                            13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                            Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                            Arthur R. Morales                                                   1024 Los Arboles NW                                                Albuquerque, NM 87107                                               Pro se litigants                   CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE    I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing response and motion   was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF,    Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency,    9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000    and mailed to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney,    9 Floor, Bank of America Building, 3rd and Tijeras, ABQ, NM 87102    an original and three copies as required by FRAP 27(d)     United States Court of    Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, 1823 Stout Street, Denver, Co 80257 by CERTIFIED     RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED mail August 12, 1998.            	WEED KILLER computer interface proposal section 7/27/98 10:11 AM
Solution to controlling and collecting data from the WEED KILLER involves interfacing a personal computer
running a version of the Windows operating system to the WEED KILLER analog/digital hardware.
Windows is not a real-time operating system, therefore  microcontroller controller/collector hardware interface must be installed between a Wintel PC and the WEED KILLER hardware.
Essence of the Wintel data collector problem is that Windows 3.x or 9x responds to a hardware interrupt
usually between 70 to 150 microseconds.  In rare occasions the interrupt latency may extend to 1.5 milliseconds or even longer.  A microcontroller responds to an interrupt in several microseconds.
Wintel hardware controller interface is even more difficult than collection for the reason that the Windows operating system only gives control to an application when Windows decides.  In the collection, mode at
least a hardware interrupt signals Windows that the application wants control.  However, the microcontroller
can send the Wintel an interrupt asking the applications code whether there is any message it needs to
send the microcontroller.
Microcontrollers have specialized timers, serial expansion ports and are, therefore, designed to be interfaced to analog and digital hardware. An 80C32 family microcontroller is proposed for the WEED KILLER application for reasons.
1  The 80C32 will do the job.
2  Multiple vendors of 80C32 guarantee future supply at a competitive price.  Current suppliers include
 Intel, AMD, Winbond, Dallas, Philips, Siemens, OKI,  ATMEL, ... 3  High-speed parallel port bi-directional IEEE 1284 enhanced capability port 9 (ecp) communications hardware between an 80C32 and PC is in the final stage of development.
4  IEEE 1284 hardware drivers are supplied with Windows NT.  Custom assembler dll drivers are available
for 9x and 3.x.
5  A public-domain Forth 8051 operating system hosting a high-level language and interactive assembler with complete source code documentation is available on Internet. Hardcover book further documenting 5 is available from Academic Press.
Only a Wintel machine is required for both hardware and software for the WEED KILLER project.  Usually a Forth hardware/software development probject on requres a voltmeter, logic probe, and, infrequently, an oscilloscope.  Reason  is the INTERACTIVE control of the hardware and software
from a PC keyboard and diagnostic information easily printed to a PC monitor.
Justification for assertion made in the above paragraph comes from Internet.
NASA uses Forth extensively for its space programs. Ballard used polyForth to locate wrecks of the Titanic, Bismarck, and Yorktown.
Sun Microsystems workstation boot into Forth then invokes Solaris. Adobe Postscript is a version of Forth. Video game software are written mostly in Forth.
The Wintel side of the WEED KILLER project will be most-likely written in a small
amount of assembler interface code and Visual Basic.
While Forth threaded code software technology is extremely valuable in some settings,
it is not in others.
Java is a variation of Forth.  Future of Java on Wintel machines is unclear at this time.
For example,
  The hottest items among techies is a browser called Opera.     This is a $40 shareware program that in speed and compact     size buts both IE and Communicator to shame.  It has a slightly     different interface from either of the majors - an interface some find      refreshing while other find less than useful.  As it's shareware, you can     try and then buy if you like it.  One reason for its speed is that it ignores     Java - the Internet's Bandwidth Pig (IBP).     The Rumor Mill by Paul Cassel
  ComputerScene Magazine  July 1998   Forth executes code High-level at about 10% the speed of a compiled high-level
Speed of execution of small applications is not effected by Forthï¿½s slow execution.
Reason is that initial code is written in high-level Forth.  Inner loops are then translated into Forth assembler.
Speed is maintained with the advantage that data structures are created an maintained in
high-level language while the interactive operating system is retained for trouble shooting
both hardware and software problem.
Hardware cost of building the 80C32 the WEED KILLER boards is estimated at $10k.
Hardware design is estimated at 1 month labor at $50/hr for a total of $8k.
Software development on the 80C32 side in Forth and Forth assembler, software on the
Wintel side in Visual Basic and assembler, documentation, and training is estimated to
be 4 months for a total of $32k
 /\/\/\

@_date: 1998-08-13 18:01:25
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Hungary 
h 8/13/98 6:10 PM
Laszlo Baranyi, lb at qainfo.se
Got a phone message on my recorder this afternoon.
The speaker, a native Hungarian, read something about you.
The speaker told me that Laszlo Baranyi sounded like a Hungarian name.
The speaker wanted your e-mail address.
No problem.
BUT, do not WRITE ANYTHING which will get ANY ONE OF US into trouble on
Infobahn.  We   of course, are trying to AVOID TROUBLE and
GET THINGS SETTLED.
FORGET encryption, anonymous re-mailers, etc.
Konrad Roeder was a technican when I was project leader on the Missile
Cryptographic Unit.  Small missile.
Roeder was born in Germany.
Roeder is a ham operator.
Roeder DID NOT GET HIS Q clearnace for over two years.
Finally, Roeder complained.
DOE brought Roeder in for an interview.
DOE PLAYED TRANSCRIPTS of radio communications Roeder had with a fellow
in Turned out that the fellow in Spain was head of the Spanish Communist
I met the speaker through Bob Wayland.
  5023    J. R. Wayland Jr. seen at I did not know Wayland at the time I was fired.
The SAME group that fired me also went after Wayland.  This group was led by C. William Childers.
Cost Wayland more than $11k in legal fees to save his job.
Waylandï¿½s wife is a lawyer and lined him up with a fellow lawyer.
Wayland and I met a Einsteinï¿½s Bagels this morning to discuss
IMPLEMENTING some ideas
Wayland has for surveying oil pipeline integrity.
Wayland and I have MADE MONEY on other consulting projects.
Making money on CONSTRUCTIVE projects is LOTS more fun than all of the
crap.  Beside, the spies keep getting caught.   This PLEASE ME.
Like Otstavnov  and MORE IMPORTANT
MOST are not spies. ONE of my PRIMARY JOBs is to help others implement their data gathering
and control ideas INEXPENSIVELY.   I like to write about this.  This is CONSTRUCTIVE.
Let's all hope for settlment of the UNFORTUANTE matter.

@_date: 1998-08-14 10:46:23
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Sandia Scraps Guided Nuclear Bomb Project 
Friday 8/14/98 11:21 AM
J Orlin Grabbe The ABQ JOURNAL f 8/14,1998 front page article   Sandia Scraps Guided Nuclear
  Bomb Project
  Lab Says Design Work Was Just an Exercise   By John Fleck
  Journal Staff Writer
  Sandia National Laboratories has shut down an effort to
  design a guided nuclear bomb that critics say was aimed at
  Third World targets.     Sandia pulled the plug because
  of controversy over the fact that the
  lab never received permission for
  the project from senior levels of the
  Clinton administration, said Sandia
  vice president Roger Hagengruber. ...
is interesting from another standpoint.
Article ends with   "We have no plans to resurrect the program in fiscal year
  '99 or any year beyond that," said Sandia spokesman Larry
  Perrine. Perrine is now married to Renea Dietz of the former Sandia President
Al Narth and then Lockheed Martin VP notoriety.
I attach
  Friday November 15, 1996 14:01
  Ms. GayLa D. Sessoms, Director
  FOAI/Privacy Act Division
  Office of the Executive Secretariat
  The Secretary of Energy
  United States Department of Energy
  Washington, D.C. 20585
Here they are
PERRINE,LARRY G.          (505)845-8511  LGPERRI   (505)844-1392  0167  PERRINE,RENAE J.          (505)284-2824  RJPERRI   (505)844-6953  0724   I received a profane phone call from Larry and Renea Perrine after our
letter to Sessoms hit the Infobhan.
I recorded it, of course.
Narath's third wife is still on the Sandia payroll
NARATH,SHANNA S.          (505)284-2198  SSNARAT   (505)844-6501  0168  Morales knows Perrine fairly well.  Morales told me he had Perrine USED TO have lunch together.
Orlin, it appears you have correctly measured the capabilities of
SOME OF those running this county. Perhaps it is time to GET RID OF THEM and settle this UNFORTUNATE
MATTER, of course.
For all of our recollection
Friday 8/14/98 9:06 AM
John Young  J Orlin Grabbe  Roger Hagengruber is making news
1  was Jim Durham's office mate when Hagengruber was new at Sandia.
   H. B. Durham who served as project leader     2  was C William Childers' boss
3  was James Gosler's boSs
4  was Paul Stokes' boss
  Originator: Paul A. Stokes Date: 4/28/92 5  encouraged Sandia to do more 'work for others' projects like for    the FBI and NSA.
   This includes the 'spiking work' for NSA.                  6  told employees that Hagengruber favored shifting Sandia labs from
   DOE control to DOD control.
7  was one of the main people involved in getting me fired and    CAUSING THIS MESS.	
            8 Hagengruber looks like he may have relative working at Sandia
  HAGENGRUBER,MICHAEL L.    (505)844-0628  MLHAGEN   (505)844-7284 0121    HAGENGRUBER,ROGER L.      (505)844-7310  RLHAGEN   (505)844-1424 1231     This matter CLEARLY should be settled before it GETS WORSE!
For all of our recollection
Friday 8/14/98 9:06 AM
John Young  J Orlin Grabbe  Roger Hagengruber is making news
1  was Jim Durham's office mate when Hagengruber was new at Sandia.
   H. B. Durham who served as project leader     2  was C William Childers' boss
3  was James Gosler's boSs
4  was Paul Stokes' boss
  Originator: Paul A. Stokes Date: 4/28/92 5  encouraged Sandia to do more 'work for others' projects like for    the FBI and NSA.
   This includes the 'spiking work' for NSA.                  6  told employees that Hagengruber favored shifting Sandia labs from
   DOE control to DOD control.
7  was one of the main people involved in getting me fired and    CAUSING THIS MESS.	
            8 Hagengruber looks like he may have relative working at Sandia
  HAGENGRUBER,MICHAEL L.    (505)844-0628  MLHAGEN   (505)844-7284 0121    HAGENGRUBER,ROGER L.      (505)844-7310  RLHAGEN   (505)844-1424 1231     This matter CLEARLY should be settled before it GETS WORSE!
Friday November 15, 1996 14:01
Ms. GayLa D. Sessoms, Director
FOAI/Privacy Act Division
Office of the Executive Secretariat
The Secretary of Energy
United States Department of Energy
Washington, D.C. 20585
Dear Ms Sessoms:
Purposes of this letter are;
     1    a    have the Department of Energy deliver lawfully                               Information Act (FOIA)
               o    legal bills
               o    military double-dipper employees
               o    husband/wife employees
               o    Sandia president Al Narath's use of taxpayer
                    money to fund Narath's sex life at Sandia Labs.           b    show that we have exhausted all administrative
               remedies in our attempt to obtain this
               information,
     2    reason with you as to the futility of DOE's attempt to
          resist our lawful inquiries,           3    and set a time for our filing our lawful, disruptive,           October 25 you wrote,
     	  Thank you for your October 2, 1996, correspondence addressed           	1.  	Names, dates of employment, current salaries of all                	2.   	Names, dates of employment, current salaries of all           You go on to state,
     	Pursuant to 10 CFR 1004.8, the adequacy of this search for      Our October 2 letter stated,
        to appeal a denial of Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)           Ms Sessoms, our October 2 letter was an APPEAL directed to Energy Secretary.  NOT a FOIA.
And, we can appeal to the Secretary of Energy, not the Director of Hearings and Appeals, as you direct.
     	Whenever a FOIA request is denied, the agency must inform           	[FOIA GUIDE  Congressional and Administrative News, September 1989]
Ms Sessoms, you appear to want us to appeal an APPEAL.
The above arguments we believe satisfies purpose 1b.  We have exhausted all administrative remedies.
You attempt to justify not giving us documents DOE apparently has in its possession regarding husband/wife employees with the argument,
     	The Department of Energy (DOE) maintains the Pay/Pers      But there are OTHER documents which apparently DO contain reference to employees married to one another, we are told.
But this leads to purpose 2: husband/wife employees.  Let's look at reason we are requesting these documents,
On Tuesday December 12, 1995 09:44 Payne wrote,      	During this time of corporate down-sizing many Americans are           	Americans are sensitive, especially in these times, to those           	DOE has refused to release the number and names of retired           	Like Sandia ethics director and retired general Jack Dickey.
     	Equally offensive to military double-dippers in time of           	This is especially true if there are some improprieties      And our October 2, 1996 contains the information,
     	Wednesday September 28 Payne received a letter containing           	1    	Harry and Delores Season
        Harry was a high-level ALOO employee (assistant manager?)  Delores      	2    Tim and Brenda Harmeson
        Brenda is Acting Manager, KAO (Gm-15).  Tim is a staff person at      	3    Mike Zamorski and Phyllis Romero
        Mike is Acting Deputy Manager, KAO.  Phyllis recently left DOE      	4    Ron and Gloria O'Dowd
        Gloria also works at DOE/ALOO.
     	5    Rush and Gloria Inlow
     	DOE AL News, DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ALBUQUERQUE OPERATIONS OFFICE,        		Rush Inlow will serve as AL's Deputy Manager
            	Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary has announced that                	Letter Payne received on September 28 said that Gloria                        Inlows' estimated yearly income is in excess of $200,000.
        Gloria inlow is apparently going to come back to work a                	Secretary O'Leary, it sounds as if your newly appointed Purpose 2: military double-dippers.
Payne wrote,
     	Retired military personnel are going to work for Sandia National           	Not only do these individuals draw generous military           	Retired military who do not work for Sandia observe that           	Code of Ethics & Standards of Conduct of Sandia National                	"The perception of impropriety by Sandians can be as
                perceived offense."
          	"Refrain from offering or providing Government
          	"Carefully avoid any situation which will compromise
                Sandia's competitive position or result in a potential
                conflict of interest."
     	page 5.
     	Perhaps giving retired military high-paying jobs while           	And influence-buying with the military might be considered a           	If it were the case that Sandia was influence-buying with      Los Alamos National Laboratories rejection letter is dated SEP 29 1995.  It      	This letter is the final response to your September 12,                	"Names and date of employment of all retired military
          	personnel who were hired by Los Alamos National                      	September 12, 1995."
     	The Office of Public Affairs, Albuquerque Operations Office,      DOE rejection letter dated August 21 by David L. Geary, signing for Elva Barfield, states,
        The SNL, through the Kirtland Area Office, has advised
     	Not only this this statement false, it smacks of a cover-up           	Records in Sandia's personnel office list previous employment.
     	On Wednesday August 23, 1995 06:29 I faxed Tom Carpenter of              Sandia Lab News, August 18, 1995, page 8 reported with                   Ethics director Dickey is identified by the Lab News as                   Perhaps the Lab News is trying to blow the whistle again?
        My FOIA denial appears to be a MAJOR COVER UP of                   I will appeal, of course.
     	Not only is Sandia's hiring retired military personnel      August 28, 1995 Payne appeals the above FOIA rejections to Hazel R. O'Leary.
The military double-dipper information is withheld despite O'Leary's      	Secretary O'Leary acknowledged that a DOE refusal to provide           	[DOE review, Vol 1.1, March '94]
Ms Sessoms, we believe that DOE, Sandia, and Los Alamos HAVE RECORDS of military double-dipper.
We HAVE a document published by Lockheed Martin showing that the Department of Defense (DOD) REQUIRES reporting military double-dippers to DOD!
And we will present this document and other to the court showings that DOE, Sandia, and Los Alamos statements about NOT POSSESSING military double-dipper records IS A LIE.  If necessary, of course.
Purpose 2: legal bills.
February 1, 1996 Payne writes Charles Przybylek, Chief Counsel, U. S. Department of Energy, Albuquerque Operations Office (ALOO),
     	A Freedom of Information Act rejection letter dated January                      defending against Morales' lawsuit between May 1, 1991           	and August 1, 1995.      	and
          	invoices submitted to Sandia National Laboratories by
                the law firm of Simons, Cuddy and Friedman between
           	March 1, 1994 and June 1, 1995.      	But the letter was signed by Freedom of Information Officer,           	The reason Barfield appears not to have written this letter           	And I are currently attempting to obtain the remainder of           	December 13, 1994 DOE/AL FOIA officer Gwen Schreiner waived                	We have considered your request and have determined                	Morales lawsuits cost Sandia/DOE far more than mine.       	Morales has been in a court trial at least once.
     	I have never been to court, even for your spending about           	Gar Alperowitz in,             	The Decision to Use the Atomic Bomb and the                	writes,
          	As modern disclosures ordered by Energy Secretary Hazel
     	page 614.
     	Now it appears that DOE\ALOO and Sandia Labs attempts to      But now in the rejection of the request for the remainder of the legal bills dated January 24, DOE has changed its mind about further release of legal bill information.
     	Although you intended use of the records in more consistent
     	with a determination that you are a "commercial use" requester,
     	we have decided to process your request as an "all other
     	requester" (please refer to my letter to you dated August 1,
     	1995) which entitles you to two hours of search time and the
     	first one hundred page of reproduction free of charge per request.
     	In your request you ask you be contacted  before processing your      	requests if there would be any fees for searching for or copying
     	the requested records.  This office has been advised by the Kirtland
     	Area Office and the Sandia National Laboratories/New Mexico of      	the estimated charges for the processing of your requests.  The
     	total estimated charges for both requests (95-139-B and 95-175-C)
     	are between $100 and $500.
     	Before we can continue to process your request, we must have your
     	agreement to pay the fees associated with the search and production
     	of the documents.  If you wish to modify your requests to reduce the      	amount of anticipated fees, please advise the office in writing
     	by February 7, 1996.  If you do not hear from you by February 7,
     	1996, we will consider your request withdrawn and will close      Wednesday February 28, 1996 we warn Przybylek of an impending lawsuit if the legal bill documents are not forthcoming.
     	Dear lawyer Przybylek:
     	You wrote me on FEB 21.       	Most of the contents of your letter were false, ambiguous,           	Purpose of this letter is to correct your letter, clarify           	You wrote,
          	Reference is made to your February 1, 1996 letter to me
                concerning your Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
           	requests seeking law firm invoice submitted to Sandia
           	National Laboratories.  Sandia National Laboratories is
           	managed and operated for the Department of Energy by
           	Lockheed/Martin, so I assume that you are seeking invoices
           	submitted to that organization.
          	Specifically, you stated that you are seeking invoices
                submitted to Lockheed/Martin in defense of the Morales
                lawsuit (Garcia/Morales) and all invoices submitted to                 Lockheed/Martin by the law firm of Simons, Cuddy and
                Friedman between March 12, 1994 and June 1, 1995.
     	Contents of these two paragraphs are FALSE.
     	I wrote Elva Barfield on Friday July 28, 1995,
     	1    	All invoices submitted to Sandia National Laboratories
           	by all law firms defending Sandia against Morales'
           	lawsuit between May 1, 1991 and August 1, 1995.      	Your FALSIFICATIONS include:
     	1    	The starting date IS May 1, 1991, NOT March 12, 1994.
     	2    	I specified "all law firms" NOT JUST Simons, Cuddy and
          	Friedman.        	3    	I DID NOT specify just Lockheed/Martin.
     	You wrote next,
          	Although such invoiced have been held to be exempt from
                public release under the provisions of the FOIA because
           	they constitute attorney work-product under exemption 5,            	law firm submitting such invoice and the total amount
           	of the invoice has been released as a matter of policy
           	your letter to me as a request for this information
           	under that policy.
     	Your above paragraph is nonsense.
          	Exemption 5 - Internal Government Communications
          	The FOIA's fifth exemption applies to internal                      	government department to another about a joint decision
           	that has not yet been made.  Another example is a
           	memorandum from an agency employee to his supervisor
           	describing options for conducting the agency's business.
          	The purpose of the fifth exemption is to safeguard the
                deliberative policy making process of government.  The
                exemption encourages frank discussion of policy matter
                between agency officials by allowing supporting
           	documents to be withheld from public disclosure.  The
           	exemption also protects against premature disclosure of
           	policies before final adoption.
          	[FIRST REPORT By The COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENT                	So, lawyer Przybylek, your conclusion about exempting legal           	You cannot use exemption 5 to attempt to cover up taxpayer           	You wrote,
          	Although our figures are not broken down by the dates
           	you have referenced, I am providing the following
           	information. The total amount of invoices submitted in
           	the Garcia/Morales litigation as of December 31, 1995,
           	was $567,137.00.       	Morales feels that this amount is too low.
     	Morales points out that you did not include bills from the
     	law firm of,      	1    	Rodey, Richardson, Sloan, Akin, and Robb           	between the dates of January 1, 1991 and January 29,
           	1993.
     	Nor did you include bills from the law firm of,
     	2    Butt, Thornton, Baehr,
     	and the law firm of,
     	3    Fenwick and West in California,
     	so we guess that the amount is near DOUBLE the approximate
     	$570,000 you write.  More than $1,000,00!       	These records are obtained from the docket sheet.
     	You wrote,      	The total amount of invoices submitted by the Simons, Cuddy,      	and Friedman law firm in the case of Payne v. Sandia Corp.,
      	et al was $108,341.00 as of December 31, 1995.  ...      	So the total is more than $228,000!
     	Legal bills sum of $228,000, of course, is absurd considering we      	Morales and I have cost DOE more than $1,000,000 in legal bills.  Ms Sessoms, we FOIAed Przybylek again for legal bill information.
We did not receive any response to our FOIA.
Ms. Sessoms, we feel that we have exhausted all of the administrative remedies available to us to obtain legal bill information.  Purpose 2: Sandia president Al Narath's use of taxpayer money to fund Narath's sex life at Sandia Labs.
October 30, 1996 I appealed to Hazel R. O'Leary,
     	Dear Secretary O'Leary:
     	Purposes of this letter is to appeal a denial of Freedom of           	DOE FOIA request denial appeals, according to law, can be           	October 10, 1996 Michael Conley wrote,
     	I appeal this denial.
     	Sandia president Al Narath was apprehended in an act of            	Dietz in about 1992.
     	Narath lost his security clearances, briefly, over this           	Narath's second wife, Barbara, also divorced Narath, in           	Dietz was promoted to an administrative position at Sandia.
     	Shanna Lindeman divorced her husband.
     	Lindeman was appointed to a division supervisor position at           	Narath and Lindeman later married in Carmel, California.
     	Lindeman has apparently not completed college but is           	Narath was reported changing the locks on his Sandia office.            	Mr. Ray Armenta, Equal Employment Opportunities Commission           	Apparently Narath was apprehended on the final weekend of           	Narath moved on to his new job as a Vice President of           	Conley's statement,
          "even to acknowledge the existence of such pertaining
           to an individual could be reasonably be expected to
           constitute and unwarranted invasion of personal privacy"
     	is clearly in error.
     	Narath's sex life at Sandia not only public but financed by
      	taxpayer money. ...
Ms Sessoms, IG official Conley is apparently unaware of the Vaughn Index or is attempting to deceive us.
DOE MUST acknowledge existence of documents even if it wishes to withhold those documents for reason of FOIA exemption.
                    Vaughn Index
     	A distinguishing feature of FOIA litigation is that the      So, Ms. Sessoms, Conley is disobeying the law by failure to acknowledge existence of investigations reports of Narath.
Purpose 4: Time limits for lawsuit.
Ms Sessoms, O'Leary STATED in her celebrated whistleblower speech,
     	I commit to promoting openness and I think one way I do           	There is one final piece, ... measure results.  Don't           	And when we haven't done it well or completely or      We are.
Morales and Payne have always felt the settlement of disputes is preferable to litigation.       	It's impossible to know how much the DOE spends combating           	Michael O'Rourke, Cascadia Times, July 1995, page 10.
We do not wish for DOE to further waste the taxpayers money.
BUT if we do not have settlement or the lawfully requested documents, THEN we will file our expensive, disruptive, public, damaging lawsuit on December 20.
If you have evidence that we have NOT exhausted all administrative remedies within the DOE, then we ask you to submit this to us by Friday December 1.
Otherwise, we take no response as evidence that all administrative remedies have been exhausted.
William H. Payne                   Arthur R. Morales                  13015 Calle de Sandias NE          1024 LosArboles NW                Albuquerque, NM 87111              Albuquerque, NM 87107

@_date: 1998-08-14 20:10:58
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: FORUM web site 
Friday 8/14/98 8:20 PM
John Young
My mind is working after our conversation a few minutes ago.
Morales and I seek to educate others to our experiences.
We will share documents on Internet.
Libertad help educated me.
Here is some of what Libertad said.
        Libertad is an underground organization.  Libertad has helped me
        more than any number of lawyers ever could.  Libertad enumerates
        the steps the government takes against whistleblowers.
                1       Do not investigate the complaint.
                2       Investigate complainer.
                3       Take action against complainer.
                4       Attempt to discredit complainer.   Ruin
                        complainer's
                        reputation and career.
                5       Attempt to drive complainer to suicide, divorce,
                        alcohol or drug abuse.
                6       Financially ruin the complainer through delay
                        another legal tactics.
                7       Enlist help of state delegation to destroy the
                        complainer.
                8       Improperly influence complainer's lawyer.
                9       Improperly influence judge.
                10      Load the jury.
                11      Hide behind classification.
                12      Seal the case to protect the government.
John Gowan 73710.141 at compuserve.com and Max Hernandez are the major
forces behind THE UNDERGROUND ORGANIZATION Libertad.
Morales and my minds work SLOW when TRYING to decide what to do.
                   Sitting Bull, whose Indian name                    was Tatanka Iyotake, was born in                    the Grand River region of                    present-day South Dakota in                    approximately 1831. His nickname                    was Hunkesi, meaning "Slow"                    because he never hurried and did                    everything with care.   We LABOR in THOUGHT over alternatives.  But then WE STRIKE.
Thank you so much for the Chrysler award nomination.
I am thinking SLOWLY about how we would put-together a FORUM web site
with documents which could be easily edited INTO FORMAL DOCUMENTS to
help others FIGHT THE GREAT SATAN.
Sitting Bull wrote in a statement I cannot find on the web, but read at
the Yellowstone museum in West Yellowstone, that THE main function of
senior citizens is  to educate the young.
It has been over about 27 years since I directed any Ph.D. students
     UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS           FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT    William H. Payne        	   	                     )    Arthur R. Morales                                               )                                                                               )    Appellants Plaintiffs,                                           )                                                                               )      98-2156 v                                                                         )	98-2157    Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )    Director, National Security Agency	                     )    National Security Agency		                     )                                                                                )    Appellees Defendants                                           )    RESPONSE TO MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE MEMORANDUM BRIEFS ADDRESSING JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
1	COMES NOW appellant plaintiffs [Appellants - Plaintiffs] Payne [Payne] and Morales [Morales]     pro se litigants to exercise their rights  guaranteed under the Constitution and Federal Rules of Appellate
Procedure   Any party may file a response in opposition to a motion other than one for procedural order
  [for which see subdivision (b)] within 7 days after service of the motion,  ...
   FRAP 26c  Additional Time after Service. When a party is required or permitted to act within a prescribed      period after service of a paper upon that party, 3 calendar days are added to the prescribed period unless the       paper is delivered on the date of service  stated in the proof of service.   MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME TO FILE MEMORANDUM BRIEFS ADDRESSING JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES  [MOTION] was served on August 3, 1998 by Jan E Mitchell [Mitchell], Assistant US Attorney by mail.  Exhibit A.
2 Mitchell writes
  The Defendant-Appellee, National Security Agency [1], moves this Court for an Order extending the time
  to and including twenty-one (21) days following the date Plaintiffs-Appellants file their memorandum brief
  in which to file it memorandum briefs discussing jurisdictional issue in the above-referenced appeals. ...
    3.  Defendant-Appellee is not seeking an appeal and therefore, will NOT seek a certification for     interlocutory appeal from the District Court's memorandum Opinion and Order entered April 30, 1998, nor
  will Defendant-Appellee seek an order explicitly adjudicating all remaining claims.
    4.  On July 22, 1998, Plaintiffs-Appellants were granted an extension until September 1, 1998 to respond to     the Court's show cause orders of June 30, 1998.
    5 .  Defendant-Appellee seeks an additional twenty-one (21) days from the date in which Plaintiff's-
  Appellants' memorandum must be served in which to serve the memorandum briefs.  According to the Show   Cause Order, if Appellants do not seek and obtain a certification for interlocutory appeal or a final dispositive   adjudication concerning appeal N. 9821257, the appeal may be dismissed, in which case a jurisdictional brief   would not be required as to that appeal.  Should Plaintiffs-Appellants seek and obtain a certification for   interlocutory appeal pertaining to No. 2157, in the interest of economy, Defendant-Appellant seeks to file the   two memorandum briefs on the two very related jurisdictional issues at one time.
    6.  Undersigned counsel for Defendant-Appellee has contacted Plaintiff-Appellant William H. Payne who     has concurred on his own behalf and own behalf for Plaintiff-Appellant Arthur R. Morales in granting of this     motion. ...
3  Payne confirms 6 above in  fax
Monday 8/3/98 3:41 PM
  FAX
  Jan Elizabeth Mitchell
  Assistant U.S. Attorney
  U.S. Department of Justice
  United States Attorney
  District of New Mexico
  Post Office Box 607
  Albuquerque, NM 87103
  505/346-7274
  505/766-2868
  FAX 505/346-7205
  Dear Ms Mitchell:
  Purpose of the fax is to   1  review points covered in our 8/3/98 14:18 phone conversation
  2  suggest settlement.
  You phoned me today.
  You told me that you planned to file a motion or response to the Tenth circuit's
  request Morales and my response to the jurisdictional issue on the 21st of August.
  I told you that this was premature on your part since we had moved for a second time
  for an extension of time.
  I told you also that this matter was now before congress.
  You appeared to indicate to me that you were in the process of adding both Morales and
  Minihan as named parties in this appeal.
  You asked me if it would be agreeable to us if you filed a response to the Tenth circuit
  21 days AFTER Morales and I filed our response to the Tenth circuit on the jurisdictional
  issue.
  I AGREED.
  I spoke to Morales on the phone shortly after our phone conversation.
  Arguing points of law before court clerks and judges who have outstanding criminal complaint
  affidavits for crimes COMMITTED IN WRITING against them would be unproductive on Morales and my   part.
  Therefore, we will proceed to resolve the criminal conduct on the part of judges and court clerks
  before we proceed further in this matter.
  We will do this at the Congressional level.
  Senate Judiciary Committe chairman Orrin Hatch, unfortunately, failed to properly process a valid
  complaint on New Mexico district court chief judge John Conway in 1995.      Hatch's failure to properly respond in 1995, in large part, caused our current legal conflict with DIR NSA   Minihan.
  We foresee an unfortunate escalation of hostilities if this matter proceeds as it is.    We do not wish this.
  We seek settlement of the UNFORTUNATE matter at the earliest time.
  We ask your and Congressional help to settle this UNFORTUNATE matter before it gets WORSE.
  If I have made any essential material errors in reporting my impression of the contents of our conversation,   then I would appreciate you giving your impression of possible errors.    You can do this in the letter you said you would write to us.
  Sincerely,
  bill payne
  13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	          Albuquerque, NM 87111              	          Distribution
  Senate Judiciary Committee   e-mail
  Arthur R Morales e-mail			
4  Michell responds to 3 in letter dated August 4, 1998.   Exhibit B
Mitchell writes
    I have received Mr. Payne's FAX dated August 3, 1998 at 4:22.  I want to clarify a few points. ...
    As to the caption of the appeal, I have noted in the motion for extension of time which has been filed with    the Tenth Circuit that there was an additional Defendant numbed in the District Court case.  However, I am   constrained at the time to use the caption which the Tenth Circuit is reflecting on its pleadings.
  I will forward your FAX suggesting settlement to Defendants.
5  Federal Rules of Civil Procedure   Rule 54(b) states
(b) Judgment Upon Multiple Claims or Involving Multiple Parties.
  When more than one claim for relief is presented in an action, whether as a claim, counterclaim, cross-claim,     or third-party claim, or when multiple parties are involved, the court may direct the entry of a final judgment   as to one or more but fewer than all of the claims or parties only upon an express determination that there is   no just reason for delay and upon an express direction for the entry of judgment. In the absence of such   determination and direction, any order or other form of decision, however designated, which adjudicates  fewer   than all the claims or the rights and liabilities of fewer than all the parties shall not terminate the    action as to  any of the claims or parties, and the order or other form of decision is subject to revision at any
  time before the entry of judgment adjudicating all the claims and the rights and liabilities of all the parties.
Interpretation of meaning of 54(b) is
  RULE 54(b) JUDGMENTS UPON MULTIPLE CLAIMS OR INVOLVING MULTIPLE PARTIES
  CORE CONCEPT
     A judgment entered as to less than all claims in a lawsuit, or as to less than all parties in a lawsuit,
  is not immediately appealable.  Instead, the appeal must generally await the entry of judgment as to all    remaining claims and parties.  However, the district court can make a judgment as to less than all claims or   parties "final", and thus immediately appeals, by expressly certifying that no just cause exists to delay the   appeal and by directing the entry of judgment.
  APPLICATIONS
     Prerequisites to Rule 54(b)
    There are three prerequisites for obtaining an immediately appealable judgment from the district court   entered as to less than all claims or parties.
  1:  Multiple Claims or Parties Fully Resolved:  To be eligible for immediate appeal under Rule 54(b), a     partial adjudication must either (a) finally resolve at least one claim or (b) finally resolve the rights and   liabilities of  at least one party.  A claim or a party's interest MUST be adjudicated to finality, such that there   is nothing more to do that claim or that party but await the conclusion of the remaining portion of the   litigation.  This limitation is a pivotal one.  Rule 54(b) does not alter the normal rules of appellate finality for   individuals claims, and no appeal may be taken from district court ruling or any particular claim until the   court finally resolves that claim.
  Multiple claims exist where each claim is factually separate and independent, or where each claim could be   enforced separately.
  2:  No just Cause for Delay:  The district court must state, in clear and unmistakable language, that there is    no just cause to delay the appeal of the adjudicated claim or the adjudicated right and liability of a party.    Whether "just cause" exists is a determination made on a case-by-case basis.  Certain criteria guide the   court's consideration:
  o  The relationship between adjudicated and unadjudicated claims;
  o  The possibility that the need for appellate review might be mooted by future developments in district court;
  o  The possibility that the district court might be obligated to consider the same issue on a later occasion;
  o  The presence (or absence) or a claim or counterclaim that could result in a set-off against the judgment   now sought to be made final and appealable; and
  o  Other factors, including delay, economic and solvency concerns, shortening of trial time, frivolity or   competing claims, and expense.
  3:  Entry of judgment:  In clear and unmistakable language, the district court must also direct that judgment     is entered as to that one claim or one party.
  Explanation by the District Court
    In its order entering a Rule 54(b) judgment, the district court must clearly explain why it has concluded that   an immediate appellate review of that order is advisable.
  Burden of Proof
    The moving party bears the burden of establishing that a partial judgment should be entered under Rule   54(b).
  Discretion of District Judge
    Whether to enter a judgment under Rule 54(b) is reserved to the sound discretion of the district judge.  Such      arguments are contrary to the historic federal policy against piecemeal appeals.  For this reason, Rule 54(b)   orders are not granted routinely or an accommodation to counsel.  Instead, the district court must carefully   balance the needs of the parties for an immediate appeal against the interests of efficient management of the   litigation.
   Motions for Rule 54(b) Judgments
    A party may file a motion with the court to certify under Rule 54(b), or the court may do so on its own   initiative.
  Effects of Rule 54(b) Judgments
    Once entered, the time for appeal on the judgment begins to run, and does post-judgment interest.
  Appealability of Denials for Rule 54(b) Requests
    Allowing immediate appellate review of "partial" final judgments is a practice that departs from the federal
  courts' traditional opposition to piecemeal appeals.  Rule 54(b), thus, represents an unusual exception to this   settled policy.  Predictably, the court reject immediate attempt to challenge denials of Rule 54(b) judgments     as premature and unappealable until a final ruling his entered on the merits.
   Federal Civil Rules Handbook  1996, Baicker-McKee, Janssen, Corr, West Publishing Company
6  Appellants-Plaintiffs assert that there is NO REASON to seek a Rule 54 (b) certification for the REASON THAT New Mexico district judge Santiago Campos [Campos] already issued such certification.
FACT 1   4 May 1998  Campos writes
  NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that sua sponte, Defendant is DEEMED by the Court to be the NSA,   and not Lt. Gen. Kenneth A. Minihan. Future captions for this case should reflect this change.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Morales is GRANTED.
 1: [A] claim or a party's interest MUST be adjudicated to finality ... has been satisfied.
FACT 2   2:  is satisfed.   [N]o just Cause for Delay:  Dismissing Minihan and Morales have nothing to do with the remaining claims of whether AppelleeS-
DefendantS Minihan and NSA provide lawfully requested documents on
              2  Libyan message intercepted by the US
FACT 3    3: In clear and unmistakable language, the district court must also direct that judgment                        is entered as to that one claim or one party.
  NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that sua sponte, Defendant is DEEMED by the Court to be the NSA,   and not Lt. Gen. Kenneth A. Minihan. Future captions for this case should reflect this change.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Morales is GRANTED.
    is QUITE CLEAR.
FACT 4   Motions for Rule 54(b) Judgments
    A party may file a motion with the court to certify under Rule 54(b), or the court may do so on its own     initiative.
Campos issues Rule 54(b) certification ON HIS OWN INITIATIVE.
     However, I shall await decision on the appeals before the Tenth circuit prior to setting a date for        presentment of the classified Declaration or before taking any further action in this case.
FACT 5  Therefore, no Rule 54(b) certification needs to be sought by Appellants-Plaintiffs.
7  Campos did not explicitly state in Campos's June 29, 1998 letter or in Campos' MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER  that a Rule 54(b) decision was issued.  Therefore, Appellants-Plaintiffs seek to clarify Campos intention
  Wednesday 8/12/98
  Certified   Return receipt requested   Santiago E. Campos, Senior Judge
  P.O. Box 2244
  U.S. Courthouse
  South Federal Place
  Santa Fe, NM 87504-2244
  Re: William H. Payne v. National Security Agency
  Civ. No. 97-0266 SC/DJS
  Dear Judge Campos,
  We assume that your statement
    However, I shall await decision on the appeals before the Tenth circuit prior to setting a date for       presentment of the classified Declaration or before taking any further action in this case.
 in your June 29, 1998 letter seen at  is a sua sponte Rule 54(b) certification
 for immediate appeal.
  If we are incorrect in our assumption, then we ask that you write us and explain why we would need to   wait to appeal.
  Clearly we have satisfied the three conditions required for immediate appeal which we are sure you are
  acquainted.    If not, however,  these conditions are included  in Federal Civil Rules Handbook  1996, Baicker-McKee,     Janssen, Corr, West Publishing Company
  Also, we would ask that you justify seeking permission for appeal from a judge who has issued a    MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER when appellants have satisfied Rule 54(b) conditions if you     choose to respond negative.
  If we do not hear from you Monday August 31, 1998, then we will treat our assumption as correct.
  Sincerely
  William H. Payne             	   	 Arthur R. Morales
  13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	               1024 Los Arboles NW
  Albuquerque, NM 87111              	 Albuquerque, NM 87107        8  Appellants-Plaintiffs receive   Exhibit C
  UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS   FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT   WILLIAM H. PAYNE; ARTHUR R.   MORALES     	Plaintiff - Appellants,		        98-2157   NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY,              Defendant - Appellee.                                 ORDER
    The appellants and appellee are granted additional time until September 21, 1998
  to this court's show cause order of June 30, 1998.  All other requests contained in the
  appellants; motion filed August 4, 1998 are referred to the panel of judges who will hear
  this case on the merits.
  			Deputy Clerk
A  Hearing MUST be corrected to include defendant Minihan.
B  Clerk FISHER has not addressed his removal from the appeal for previous title 18 felony violations of
C  ORDER does not address selection of three judge panel so not to include judges accused of Title 18 felony
violations of law or biased judges.
WHEREFORE    9  CORRECT ORDER Filed August 6, 1998 to include NSA Director Minihan. for reason
              1  Find out who is RESPONSIBLE  Some may pay with their lives for         if this matter is NOT PEACEFULLY SETTLED.
10  EXPLICITLY RESPOND to request for removal of clerks FISHER and Hoecker from this appeal.
11  EXPLAIN how an unbiased panel of judges can be found at the Tenth circuit.
Respectfully submitted,                        William H. Payne             	   	                            13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                            Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                            Arthur R. Morales                                                   1024 Los Arboles NW                                                Albuquerque, NM 87107                                               Pro se litigants                   CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE    I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing response and motion   was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF,    Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency,    9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000    and mailed to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney,    9 Floor, Bank of America Building, 3rd and Tijeras, ABQ, NM 87102    an original and three copies as required by FRAP 27(d)     United States Court of    Appeals for the Tenth Circuit, 1823 Stout Street, Denver, Co 80257 by CERTIFIED     RETURN RECEIPT REQUESTED mail August 12, 1998.

@_date: 1998-08-15 08:11:26
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Other Hagengruber fun with taxpayers' money 
Saturday 8/15/98 8:04 AM
J Orlin Grabbe
I read  Nuclear BIOS
                             Sandia Scraps Guided Nuke Project
                               We were just having fun, Hagengruber says
      Sandia National Laboratories has shut down an effort to design a
guided nuclear bomb that critics       say was aimed at Third World
targets.      Sandia pulled the plug because of controversy over the fact that
the lab never received permission       for the project from senior
levels of the Clinton administration, said Sandia vice president
Roger       Hagengruber.      A flight test scheduled for next month in which an unarmed
prototype was to have been dropped from       an airplane has been
canceled, Hagengruber said, and lab scientists will wrap up their
reports on        their four-year work on the project by the end of
September.      Critics said the $15.5 million project was intended to give U.S.
military forces a new kind of           nuclear bomb that could be used
in conflicts against small nations trying to acquire nuclear,           biological or chemical weapons. ...
At the height of implementing the seismic data authenticator  based on NSAï¿½s
deficient algorithm.  See Appendix S  I
SQUANDERED about $50k
EACH WEEK on a flawed concept based and a deficient algorithm.
My ROUGH guess that I WROTE OVER $250,000 in purchase orders for the
Sandia seismic data authenticator! This amount DID NOT INCLUDE MY SALARY, a TECHNICIAN, and Travel.
  The first implementation was done in 1974, by R. E. D. Stewart, D. A.
Reynolds, and J. G. Deasey. This   was a "bench test" implementation in
the sense that the algorithm was done in hardware wire, wrapped on  "cash" cards, and placed in a test rack. Reynolds and Deasy did the work.  Stewart was one of Hagenguberï¿½s spook
shop [building 868] employees.  Stewart merely wrote the report.  Stewart wrote that the cost of the prototype was $400,000 if my memory
is correct.  The money came from
outside Sandia, perhaps NSA or DARPA.
I was ordered by project leader H B Durham to hold the cost down.
I was also ordered by Durham follow NSA's orders.
Durhams exact words were
   If they want a pink overcoat, sell them a pink overcoat.
I KNEW while I was doing the work that both the data authentication
concept was flawed - multiple
redundant stations is the correct AND CURRENTLY IN USE concept - and the
algorithm was BAD.
So did Durham from what he told me.  Durham regarded the data authenticator as a necessary political evil,
was my opinion.
Durhamï¿½s boss was John Holovka.  Holovkaï¿½s boss was Paul Stokes.
Stokes told me that the concept of data authentication was invented at
Sandia and that he, Stokes, invented it.
Stokes ordered the data authenticator fielded over the classification
objections of NSA.
Stokes boss was ROGER HAGENGRUBER.
Iï¿½ve been involved with shift register implementation work for a LONG
  It has been over about 27 years since I directed any Ph.D. students
           So I documented the bad NSA algorithm and implementation advice. My SAND report cost A LOT OF MONEY to produce for the REPORT ALONE.
But NOT ALL OF THE MONEY WAS WASTED.
1 2  The seismic data authenticator is ANOTHER OF   ROGER HAGENGRUBERï¿½S   Friday 8/14/98 9:06 AM
John Young  J Orlin Grabbe  Roger Hagengruber is making news
1  was Jim Durham's office mate when Hagengruber was new at Sandia.
   H. B. Durham who served as project leader     2  was C William Childers' boss
3  was James Gosler's boss
4  was Paul Stokes' boss
  Originator: Paul A. Stokes Date: 4/28/92 5  encouraged Sandia to do more 'work for others' projects like for    the FBI and NSA.
   This includes the 'spiking work' for NSA.                  6  told employees that Hagengruber favored shifting Sandia labs from
   DOE control to DOD control.
7  was one of the main people involved in getting me fired and    CAUSING THIS MESS.	
            8 Hagengruber looks like he may have relative working at Sandia
  HAGENGRUBER,MICHAEL L.    (505)844-0628  MLHAGEN   (505)844-7284 0121    HAGENGRUBER,ROGER L.      (505)844-7310  RLHAGEN   (505)844-1424 1231     This matter CLEARLY should be settled before it GETS WORSE!

@_date: 1998-08-19 18:13:04
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Lawsuit ripens 
Wednesday 8/19/98 6:29 PM
Charles R Smith  Dan Rather has a piece of Janet Reno appointing a special counsel to
Al Gorn tonight.
In legal terms, WE  may have a lawsuit ripening.
Barf31.txt and brez5.txt
Read your stuff about ciphering Making money, other than way Al Gore APPARENTLY did with cryptography
through RSA, is tough.
Litigants WINNING a FOIA lawsuit get to charge the losers fees.
Morales and I ANNOUNCED to magistrate judge Don Svett our rate of  $100/
We have LOTS of time into the lawsuit seen at   THOUSANDS of hours.  Morales and I want our money and out of that lawsuit.
Starting at I saw your picture at You look young.
Morales is 60 and has WHITE HAIR.
I am 61 and EXPERIENCED.  I was ASSIGNED BY SANDIA to break electronic
locks for the FBI.
  It has been over about 27 years since I directed any Ph.D. students                           Morales is A VERY CAREFUL THINKER.  Like
                   Sitting Bull, whose Indian name                        was Tatanka Iyotake, was born in                        the Grand River region of                        present-day South Dakota in                        approximately 1831. His nickname                        was Hunkesi, meaning "Slow"                        because he never hurried and did                        everything with care.           Me too, I hope.
Morales and I received our nomination materials in the mail last
Saturday.  We need to submit required information.
  The Chrysler Award for Innovation in Design, now in its sixth year,
  honors outstanding designers (or design teams).  Winners are chosen
  from across the design disciplines by a judging panel of design
  leaders.  One the selection is made, Chrysler will award $10,000
  to each winner (or winning team) at a ceremony in New York in the
  Fall of 1998.  Award winners will be flown to New York for the   Award Ceremony.
Additional information about this unfortunate matter
        involving Sandia/New Mexico is on the net.
Zeitgeist means the ï¿½right time.ï¿½  Doing anything before or after the ï¿½right timeï¿½ wonï¿½t work.
Suing Sandia/DOE for the invoices RSA sent to Sandia might now be the
right time.
Think SLOWLY and CAREFULLY about what I write.  And $s, of course.  We
must have a PROPER MOTIVATION for all of this.
Wednesday 8/5/98 1:50 PM
George B. Breznay, Director
Office of Hearings and Appeals
Department of Energy
Washington, DC 20585
Dear Director Breznay:
Purpose of this letter is to ask you to properly process a Freedom of Information Act
(FOIA) appeal.
I attach a copy of my Tuesday February 17, 1999 15:11 FOIA. letter to Elva Barfield.
Albuquerque  Journal w 8/5/98 reports
  FBI Director Again Calls for Fund-Raising Probe
  By Kevin Galvin
  The Associated Press
  WASHINGTON - The FBI director told lawmakers Tuesday an independent
  counsel should be named to investigate Democratic fund raising in
  part because President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore are
  under scrutiny. ...
June 11, 1998 I received a letter from Tomas O. Mann,  Deputy Director, Office of Hearings
Hearing and Appeals.
Mann wrote
  It is unclear from your correspondence whether you are in fact appealing Ms. Barfieldï¿½s March 30
  determination at this time.  If you wish to appeal that determination, please inform this Office as soon
  as possible by stating your intention in writing, either by mail to George B. Breznay, Director, Office
  Office of Hearings and Appeals, U.S. Department of Energy, Washington, D.C. 20585-0107, or by
  e-mail to George.Breznay at hq.doe.gov.
I comply with Mannï¿½s request.
Since the contents of the documents sought in my FOIA may shed light on possible wrongdoing by
VP Al Gore, I ask that you process this appeal within the time limits specified by law.
  An agency is required to make a decision on an appeal
  within 20 days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal
  holidays). It is possible for an agency to extend the time
  limits by an additional 10 days.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111
Tuesday February 17, 1999 15:11
e-mail and mail
Ms. Elva Barfield
Freedom of Information Office
U. S. Department of Energy
Albuquerque Operations Office/OIEA
POB 5400
Albuquerque, NM 87185-5400
EBARFIELD at DOEAL.GOV
Dear Ms. Barfield:
VP Al Gore is in the crypto business.
  Information SuperSpyWay   Al Gore Approved
  Encryption for China
  in Return for
  Campaign Donations
  by Charles R. Smith
Portions of the above document posted on Internet at  and   1.	Gore charged with encryption policy according to PDD-5 and         PRD-27 on April 16, 1993. 2.	Government officials represent themselves on Al Gore's behalf for 3.	RSA chairman Bidzos meets with Chinese officials at the same         time as Ron Brown in Oct. 1995. 4.	RSA Chairman Bidzos enters into merger negotiations with Security 5.	VP Gore calls Sanford Robertson from the White House for a         donation in Nov. 1995. 6.	Robertson delivers $100,000 donation ($80,000 soft - $20,000 7.	RSA signs deal with China in Feb. 1996. The administration 8.	Justice Dept. approves RSA merger with Security Dynamics in In 1991 I was in involved with Sandia National Laboratories
Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty seismic data authenticator.
At that time Sandia director Tommy A Sellers had assumed responsibility for directorship from Robert Clem.
Sandia supervisor Tom Wright replaced my supervisor, John Holovka, who was the supervisor for the CTBT seismic data authenticator.
Wright brought in Ph.D. Steven Goldsmith to supervise me.
Sellars, Wright, and Goldsmith were new to crypto-type projects.
Much of this is documented at This is evidenced by Sellar's attached SEP 24 1991 memorandum,
which Goldsmith help author, addressed to Dr James J Hearn at the National Security Agency.
The SEP 24 memorandum contained a number of technical errors.
I corrected these errors in my attached December 20, 1991 memorandum.
Department of Energy and it predecessors have a well-documented
history of not requiring technical expertise for pursuit of interests.
Stewart Udall, The Myths of August, writes,
    Any cover-up must be implemented and enforced by designated
  agents, and one man emerged in 1953 as the quarterback of the   AEC's damage-control effort.  His name was Gordon Dunning.
  Although the personnel charts of the 1950s list him as a low-level   "rad-safe" official in the Division of Biology and Medicine,             documents demonstrate that he was clothed with authority to      manage and suppress information about the radiation released
  by the testing of nuclear weapons. ...
About the time Sellers and Sandia Ombudsman gave me a directed
transfer to break electronic locks for the FBI/ERF [engineering
research facility], Goldsmith and Wright, certainly with the approval
of Sellers, placed a contract with RSA Inc [ I was told.
Ms Barfield, we think the American public needs to know more about
RSA's work with Sandia National Laboratories.
Therefore, Under the provision of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC 552, I am requesting access to:   1 ALL purchase requisitions, including any attached statement of
    work, issued by Sandia National Laboratories, Los Alamos         National Laboratories, or DOE/ALOO between January 1, 1991
    and February 17, 1998 to RSA Inc.
  2  Copies of all invoices from RSA Inc received by Sandia National        Laboratories, Los Alamos National Laboratories, or DOE/ALOO      between January 1, 1991  and February 17, 1998
If there are any fees for searching for, or copying, the records I have requested, please inform me before you fill the request.
As you know, the Act permits you to reduce or waive the fees when the release of the information is considered as "primarily benefiting the public."  I believe that this requests fits that category and I therefore ask that you waive any fees.
Your office agreed to waive fees before.  This request is surely of "public interest."
December 13, 1994 DOE/AL FOIA officer Gwen Schreiner waived fees
for the reason,
        "We have considered your request and have determined that
        release of the requested records is in the public interest,
        that disclosure of this information is likely to contribute
        significantly to public understanding of the operations or
        activities of the government, that you or the organization
        you represent have little or no commercial interest in the
        material contained in the records, that you or the
        organization you represent have the qualifications and
        ability to use and disseminate the information, and that the
        records are not currently in the public domain.  A waiver of
        fees is therefore granted."
This waiver of fees was, undoubtedly, issued as a result of former
Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary's Openness initiative.
Heart of America paid my way to hear Secretary O'Leary's celebrated
whistleblower speech.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law stipulates.
Sincerely,                         William Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias
Albuquerque, NM 87111
Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199

@_date: 1998-08-20 23:26:03
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: crypto-related sinkings of u-boats 
Thursday 8/20/98 12:22 PM
Gudmundur Helgason Olduslod 41
IS-220 Hafnarfjordur
Iceland How many u-boat sinkings can be DIRECTLY related to a ciphered messages
decoded by the Allies?
My impression is that the crypto-stuff was mostly self-inflating PR done
for business reasons by the 'intelligence' agencies.  Hedgehogs, hf/df, sonar, radar, and visual sightings played the major
role, was my impression.
However, it looks like some REAL DAMAGE was done using crypto.
        ABQ Journal u 8/16/98  A16 reports
  Iraq Welcomes First Iran Pilgrims Since War
  Families Heading to Muslim Shrines
  By Mariam Sami
  The Associated Press
     AL-MUNTHERIYA, Iraq -  Iranian pilgrims carrying red plastic roses
   entered Iraq on Saturday, the first such border crossing since the
two states
   declared war on each other 18 years ago. ...
    Mehrangiz Terhani, a 55-year-old house-wife who lost a son and a
  brother during the war,  was weeping so hard she had trouble speaking.
    "We have to forget the past," she said.  "I am happy and honored to
  go to a place that I've been waiting to visit for a long time."
I am not reading e-mail.

@_date: 1998-08-21 11:02:18
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: tape into the mail this afternoon 
Friday 8/21/98 10:09 AM
Laszlo Baranyi    Got your letter, postcard, and business card this morning!  THANKS!
Looks like you got.
Tuesday 7/7/98 6:57 PM       Laszlo Baranyi       You DID NOT mention the Swiss radio international radio
broadcasts.              Send me a snail mail address and I will send you a copy.       Using postcard, of course        pob 14838        abq, nm 87191        usa       Gustavus J Simmons         Cryptanalysis and Protocol Failures         COMMUNICATIONS OF THE ACM, November 1994, vol 37, no 11, page
56              The 'spiking' story, in obscure language.       Simmons and R J Hanson
       were two of the most responsible people for me coming to Sandia from
Washington State U.       Here are two of my former Ph.D. students in computer science from
wsu.                     NSA employee PAUL BRIDGE in about 1987 told me that Simmons was a       security risk and that I should not talk to Simmons.       In about 1992 I figured out something was fishy and began to talk to
Simmons again.       Simmons told me that he asked NSA employees Morris and Proto         1  NSA is sorry it delegated responsibility for implementation            of electronic locks in the us nuclear arsenal to Sandia.         2  NSA wants the business back.       Simmons told me neither Morris or Proto would respond to his
question.       Let's ALL     hope for settlement of this
UNFORTUNATE MESS.       bill       I stopped a Target department store and bought 7 Maxell URL 90 tapes.
As I am writing this note to you, I am both listening to the master copy
Hans Buehler sent me
on January 5, 1995.  I will make a copy of the envelope I received the tape in.
You wrote
  Laszlo Baranyi
  98-08-13 10:15
  To: MIME:billp at mnol.com @ INTERNET
  cc:
  Subject:  Re: going nowhere    Best Mr. Bill Payne
  Yes, I am interresting of receiving the tape.
  I have toddy putted a printout of this email into an
  envelope with our company logo, and my bissnescard
  and sent it to your adress below.
  I must admit that I do not understand the purpose
  of want a postcard from me, but I guess that you have your
  reasons, and I have no problems to follow your instructions.
  So, the papermail is today sent to you.  If you prefer, I could also
  sent you a PGP-signed request for the broadcast.  Just let me know.
  It guess that it is the single missing reference that remains in order
  the whole story of Crypto AG documented.
  My intentions with the tape is to   1) make it publicy awalible on Internet, as sound, transcript in
  I will search for some fluid in German) and a translation to engish.
  2) I will contact Swiss Radio, in order to get as much as possible
verified about
  the tapes authentication.  I would also streangthens the tapes
authentication if I
  have your permission to mentioned that I received it from you.  Is
that OK?   >Again, if you don't have       >   >broadcasts about the Buehler case that were on Swiss Radio   > International on May 15, 1994 and     July 18, 1994.       > send me a postcard at pob 14838, abq, nm 87191, usa.        > I will make a copy and send.
  With best regards Laszlo baranyi   --- Let me respond
   I must admit that I do not understand the purpose
   of want a postcard from me, but I guess that you have your
   reasons,
I have not been reading e-mail since about 1 April 1997 when Patty and I
went to Zurich.
PRIMARY REASON is that the US government is a MASTER at messing with
Here is a reference
        ...  rise of acid fascism in America, including material           on Charles Manson, Mel Lyman, Victor Baranco, and their
followers           by David Felton    seen at        "The Agency [CIA] is not an intelligence agency.  It is a           covert action agency whose role is to overthrow governments.           Disinformation is a major part of its covert action role.  The           American people are the primary target of its lies."           - Ralph McGehee, who worked for with the CIA for twenty-five
years           "Have we gone beyond the bounds of reasonable dishonesty/"           A CIA memo         page 55  Wierd History 101  by  John Richard Stephens           So the idea is that if I do not read what the Great Satan wrote, then
the Great Satan cannot
mess with my mind.
Morales and I BOTH have some interesting stories of when the Great Satan
WAS SUCCESSFUL
messing with our minds.  Each incident cost us MONEY.
  1) make it publicy awalible on Internet, as sound, transcript in
  I will search for some fluid in German) and a translation to engish.
Suzy, who sent you the email in Hungarian, BY COINCIDENCE had a message
on our recorder
when I returned from Target with the blank tapes.
I told Suzy about your letter and enclosures.
Suzy is FLUENT IN GERMAN, she told me this morning.
The German translation problem may be solved.  I am making a copy of the Swiss Radio International broadcast tape for
her at her request.
  2) I will contact Swiss Radio, in order to get as much as possible
verified about
  the tapes authentication.  I would also streangthens the tapes
authentication if I
  have your permission to mentioned that I received it from you.  Is
that OK? Absolutely.  NOTHING IS SECURE ON INTERNET.
And as a result it SURE WORKS well for some applications where
visibility is CRITICAL.  I  attach
a message that went out this morning.  I read at  this morning
      PESHAWAR: Saudi dissident Osama Bin Laden for the first time on
Thursday denied his involvement
      in the August 7 bombings at the US embassies in Kenya and
Tanzania.       The 42-year-old Bin Laden contacted this correspondent on
satellite phone at 9:00 pm on Thursday to
      convey his statement through another Islamic leader Dr Ayman
Al-Zawahiri, head of Egyptian Islamic
      Jehad organisation which was held responsible for the murder of
Egypt's president Anwar Sadaat.       Following is Bin Laden's message: "Osama Bin Laden calls on the
Ummah to continue Jehad against
      Jews and Americans to liberate their holy places. In the meantime,
he denies any involvement in the
      Nairobi and Dar es Salaam bombings."  ...
      The News International Pakistan, August 21, 1998
US president Bill Clinton claims that Osama Bin Laden WAS INVOLVED.
We all have to decide WHO WE BELIEVE:  Bill Clinton or Osama Bin Laden.
      Barely 45 minutes after Dr Al-Zawahiri's telephonic conversation
with this correspondent, the
      Americans struck and reportedly hit both Khost, where he had held
his press conference in May this
      year, and Jalalabad, where he first took refuge after arriving
from Sudan in May 1996. NBC reported this morning that as many as 100 cruise missiles were fired
yesterday. 10:47 AM  first tape finished.  I am making the second tape from the
first so as not to wear-out the
original Buehler sent me.
FIRING those cruise missile is SIMPLY GREAT for BUSINESS.  The military
can now write MORE
PURCHASE orders for NEW missiles.
What you are posting at your site is related to TERRORISM.
I accidentally stumbled into this mess at the time of the retaliatory
attack on Libya for the bombing of
the La Belle disco.
NSA employee Tom White told me that NSA regarded former president Ronald
Reagan as the USï¿½s
greatest traitor.  Naturally, I had to learn more about why.
So perhaps you might think of tracing terrorist attacks starting with
the La Belle at your site.
My SPECULATION is that after what OUR LEADERS did yesterday you will
HAVE LOT OF MATERIAL to post.
             "Those who cannot remember the past are doomed to repeat
it."                                  -- George Santyana, 1905 Thank you so much for the letter.  And I hope you donï¿½t mind my attempted EXACT transcription of the major
portion of your letter COMPLETE with English mistakes.  WE ALL MAKE
But intelligent people read-through or correct mistakes.  And move on to
the NEXT MISTAKE.
Several years ago I took a beginning course in Japanese.  Azusa Takegami
was the SWEET instructor.
For part of the final exam students had to GIVE A SPEECH IN JAPANESE.
Takegami and Hisako Yamada had the AUDACITY to videotape each student! Talk about embarrassment!
Patty and I were in Zurich last April.  I interviewed at IBM Zurich
Patty and I were IMPRESSED how well about EVERYONE is Switzerland spoke
Most of the people at IBM are Germans.  We asked how they learned to speak English so well.
They responded that ALL Germans are REQUIRED TO TAKE 12 years of English
in school!
For probably the same reasons Iranians have NO TROUBLE reading this.
America is adopting a new NATIONAL LANGUAGE.
Yo hablo y entiendo la idoma nacional nueva de los estado unidos.  Mas
or menos. NEAT to meet you on the Infobahn.  Iï¿½ll get the package with the tape into the mail this afternoon.
11:15 AM
  Date:         Fri, 21 Aug 1998 07:54:23 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         cfl at mgovg.com, william lewis <" Bill.Lewis" tyler przybylek ,
        steve dillingham <" Steven.Dillingham" sandy schneider         Robert Nordhaus <" Robert.Nordhaus" joyce laeser <" jlaeser"
        george breznay , ann augustyn <" Ann.Augustyn" ask.heather at mail.house.gov,
        joe.skeen at mail.house.gov, senator_domenici at domenici.senate.gov, senator_bingaman at bingaman.senate.gov
    CC:         ted lewis , jssob at unm.edu, tom carpenter - halcyon , guyer at mind.net,
        national employee rights institute , marc rotenberg ,
        m robert kestenbaum , klayman , jon brock , jy at jya.com,
        john gilmore , "jennifer, Aronld Intrater and ray" <" napa" JEFFREY.CRATER at em.doe.gov,
        j orlin grabbe , grassley , c paul robinson         art morales , softwar at softwar.net, armoral at flash.net
Friday 8/21/98 7:23 AM
DOE lawyers and Charlie Jr
We will be doing a Privacy Act violation/defamation lawsuit soon IF WE
donï¿½t get this matter settled.
I lived in the basement apartment in the Luceï¿½s home in Walla Walla in
1958-59 during my last year at Whitman college.
Charlie Jr was REAL SMALL THEN.
I might establish TWO-WAY e-mail contact with Charlie Jr.  Looks like we might have ANOTHER "happy confluence of interests."       I think my previous settlement offer
Thursday 6/11/98 7:06 AM  Robert Nordhaus  Chief Counsel, DOE  Monday May 22, 1994 I wrote  Steve Dillingham, Senior Adjudicator  Office of Contractor Employee Protection   Department of Energy  a settlement letter.    Here are initial non-negotiable portions of any     possible settlement agreement:       1    Back pay with interest from the day I was                         fired,       2    Back benefits with interest from the day I                        was fired,       3    Recovery of 401K losses, with interest, I and             my family  have suffered,    to the date settlement is complete.       4    Payment of my salary, with increments, and                        benefits until I retire at age 65. ...    As a result of Sandia's and the US Government's     irresponsible and unintelligent actions from which I     was forced to defend,  I have almost no chance of     future employment in my profession or elsewhere.    Here is a list of my initial negotiable damage     payments. ...   4    Privacy Act violations regarding irrelevant               material  about my past employment taken from         my personnel security file were broadcast by         some Sandians.      Retired Sandia senior fellow Gustavus Simmons in     publications gave the impression that he was somehow     involved in my work on data authentication for the     seismic portion of the US/USSR Comprehensive Test Ban     Treaty (CTBT).    Simmons was not involved in seismic data authentication     work.      Funds obtained by Sandia for my successful National     Security Agency proposal on software voting were used     for other purposes.    My viewgraphs and papers on the CTBT data authenticator     were plagiarized by defendants Wright and Sellars for     their personal profit.        5    I feel that I was underpaid for my                                 contributions to  Sandia and DOE.  A                                      retroactive adjustment to my salary                        should be negotiated.  I spoke to my former PhD student Lewis last week.    Lewis advised in addition to the above point to ask for a minimum of $1,000,000 punitive damages.  is  TOO LOW.  The meter is running, I am advised to continue to say.
       We are becoming MORE EXPERIENCED at litigation.
More visible too.
   Morales and I received our nomination materials in the mail last
  Saturday.  We need to submit required information.
  The Chrysler Award for Innovation in Design, now in its sixth year,
  honors outstanding designers (or design teams).  Winners are chosen
  from across the design disciplines by a judging panel of design
  leaders.  One the selection is made, Chrysler will award $10,000
  to each winner (or winning team) at a ceremony in New York in the
  Fall of 1998.  Award winners will be flown to New York for the   Award Ceremony.
Thursday 8/20/98 4:10 PM
Aletha L. Brown Inspector General
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
POB 18858
Washington, D.C. 20036-8858
Dear Inspector General Brown:
Purpose of this letter is to file  Freedom of Information Act and Privacy Act requests.
JUL 15, 1998 I received the attached FOIA response letter from A Jacy Thurmond.
Thurmond's JUL 15 letter and attachments were included in an envelope postmarked WASHINGTON JUL 23'98 DC.
Included in the envelope were two attached pages labeled COMMENTS.
Final paragraph of the COMMENTS two pages states
  You would have no claim under the Privacy Act for the disclosure of this charge file to the charging party.
  To maintain a suit for a violation of the Privacy Act's prohibition against disclosure, 5 U.S.C. ï¿½ 552(b), a
   plaintiff must prove that the information disclosed is covered as a "record" contained within a "system of    records," as defined in 5 U.S.C ï¿½ï¿½ (sic)  552a(a) (4) and (5).  Davis v. Runyon, 142 F.3d 433 (6th Cir.     1998):     Quinn v Stone, 978 F2.d 126, 1`31 (3d Cir. 1992).  The Privacy Act defines a "system of records"   as  "a  group of any records under control of any agency from which information is retrieved by the name of   the  individual or by some identifying . . . particular . . . assigned to the individual."  5 U.S.C ï¿½ 552(a)(a)(5).
  Our charge files are indexed by the name of the charging party.  They are not indexed, an no records are
  therefore retrievable, by the names of third parties mentioned in the charge file.  Under these circumstances,
  third parties mentioned in the charge file cannot invoke the Privacy Act's prohibition on disclosure with n      respect to that charge file because the file is not a record retrievable by the their party's name.  See
  Crumpton v United States, 843 F. Supp. 751, 756 (D.D.C. 1994).
Inspector General Brown,  the final paragraph in COMMENTS appears to be a legal opinion written by
some anonymous EEOC lawyer(s).
COMMENTS appears to be an ATTEMPT to convince me that I have no recourse to remedy under the law for release of the false and defaming documents seen at Contrary opinion appears on Intenet at    Two district courts have gone even further. In Connelly v. Comptroller of the Currency, 673 F. Supp. 1419,   1424 (S.D. Tex. 1987), rev'd on other grounds, 876 F.2d 1209 (5th Cir. 1989), the court construed the broad   "any record" language contained in 5 U.S.C. ï¿½ 552a(g)(1)(C) to permit a damages action arising from an   allegedly inaccurate record that was not incorporated into a system of records. In a subsequent opinion, the   court in Connelly went on to find a cause of action under subsections (e)(5)and (g)(1)(C) with regard to   records not in a system.
Here are the FACTS surrounding the ATTACHED 11 pages beginning with Sandia National Laboratories   director  Michael Robles writing EEOC Director Charles Burtner.     A  I never saw the documents until Sandia employee Richard Gallegos gave me a copy in 1997.      B  Sandia denied that the documents existed.       C  The documents contain factually incorrect information.  I did NOTHING WRONG.  I followed all                 Sandia procedures known to me and obtained all required Sandia approvals.
    D  I was never given an opportunity to defend myself.        E  Neither Sandia nor EEOC had my permission in writing for release  of the information.  Ms Brown,  under 5 USC 552, the Freedom of Information Act, and 5 USC 552a, the Privacy Act, I request access to copies
1  All records, including phone conversation notes and memoranda, relating the creation of the COMMENTS 2  Name of the person or persons or any documents containing name(s) of person or persons which reveal who authored the COMMENTS document.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law stipulates
Sincerely,  William H. Payne   13015 Calle de Sandias   Albuquerque, NM 87111

@_date: 1998-08-25 12:37:50
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: NSA's Barbara McNamara denies fee waiver appeal 
Tuesday 8/25/98 12:31 PM
Charles R Smith  NSA  deputy director Barbara McNamara's  wrote me a letter dated 19
August  1998.
McNamara DENIED my fee waiver appeal for search for invoices NSA spent
on public key chips.
learned that both had some VERY UNFORTUNATE EXPERIENCES with public key.
I am sending both you and John Young copies of NcNamaraï¿½s letter.
McNamara wrote,
    This response may be construed as a denial of your appeal. Accordingly, you are hereby   advised to your right to seek judicial review of my decision pursuant
to 5 U.S.C. ï¿½ 552(a)(4)
  (B) in the United States District Court in the district in which you
reside, in which you have
  your principal place of business, in which the Agencyï¿½s records are
situated (U.S. District
  Court of Maryland), or in the District of Columbia.  of anyone
suing for a fee waiver denial.
McNamara wrote
  The key issue I considered in my review is whether disclosure of the
information is likely
  to contribute to the public understanding of the operations or
activities of the government.
My guess is that NSA has squandered tens of millions of dollars TRYING
to build public key
chips - like the Cylink 1024. Some of NSA's money, I think, was spent at Sandia Labs funding the
failed Sandia low- and
high-speed public key chips.  See  Whitfield Diffie, "The First Ten
Years of Public Key Cryptography," Proceedings of the IEEE, 76(5), May
1988. referenced at Sandia's public key chips didn't get the same answers, Sandia Ron Kulju
told me.
KULJU,RONALD J.           (505)845-8860  RJKULJU   (505)844-9478  0519   Both NSA and Sandia MUCH TROUBLE building semiconductor devices.  I have
information on NSAï¿½s problems from National Semiconductor.  National was
by NSA to help make chips at NSA's facility.
Perhaps McNamara opinion should be challenged IN COURT?
We have some experience in this endeavor. And may get some recognition   The Chrysler Award for Innovation in Design, now in its sixth year,
  honors outstanding designers (or design teams).  Winners are chosen
  from across the design disciplines by a judging panel of design
  leaders.  One the selection is made, Chrysler will award $10,000
  to each winner (or winning team) at a ceremony in New York in the
  Fall of 1998.  Award winners will be flown to New York for the   Award Ceremony.
for our efforts.
I see that you are trying to gain some VISIBILITY for your encryption
product   And that you are BIG into
the FOIA
business too. Then TOO you can charge NSA OVER $100 per hour for your efforts should
we win.
NSA attempting to conceal how much taxpayer money it has squandered is
in the public interest.  And we have the ABILITY and EXPERTISE to
this information to the public.
Perhaps you might be interested in participating in perhaps THE FIRST a
FOIA fee waiver
lawsuit?   Pro se, of course, for both legal and economic reasons.
McNamara would be, along with OTHERS at NSA, a NAMED DEFENDANT.
On the other hand, perhaps these crypto-related government messes        should get SETTLED so that we can all move on to other projects?

@_date: 1998-08-26 07:46:13
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Real World thoughts 
Wednesday 8/26/98 7:11 AM
J Orlin Grabbe
1  Tuesday issue of the ABQ J always carries a special section on
  t 8/25/98   COUNTDOWN TO Y2K
  Cataclysm or inconvenience?
Of most interest to me was
  Old mainframes make sheer size of problem nearly overwhelming
  By Chris Allbritton
  The Associated Press
  NEW YORK -  The shear number of unique solutions needed for the Year
  2000 bug, not the technical aspects, are the real problem behind this
  in time. ...
for the reason of my book and translation
  Machine, Assembly, and System Programming for the IBM 360, New York:    Harper & Row, 1969   Programacion en Lenguaje de Maquina, Asemblador, y de Sistemas con el   IBM 360, Harper & Row, 1971
In the 1970s some IBM 360/70/40xx were STILL running IBM 650 simulators
hosted code which companies did not want to rewrite!
The message published in the Monday ABQ J
                            	ï¿½98 Warning!
  Due to serious bugs and compatibility problems, we join many other PC   builders in recommending AGAINST Windows ï¿½98 at this time.
makes me speculate that the hardware vendors were able to try out their
new hardware
on DOS, Win 3.xx, 95, NT but not on ï¿½98.
Since Microsoft may not have had new hardware like the AMD K6 -2 [3d],
ï¿½98 was
not fully exercised on the newer architectures.
I will send you page on Y2K.
And also the copy of
  NSA  deputy director Barbara McNamara's  wrote me a letter dated 19
August  1998.
    McNamara DENIED my fee waiver appeal for search for invoices NSA spent
on public key chips.
  From my inside dealings with NSA's R division and Sandia employees  I
learned that both had     some VERY UNFORTUNATE EXPERIENCES with public
  I am sending both you and John Young copies of NcNamara's letter.
  McNamara wrote,
    This response may be construed as a denial of your appeal. Accordingly, you are hereby   advised to your right to seek judicial review of my decision pursuant
to 5 U.S.C. ï¿½ 552(a)(4)
  (B) in the United States District Court in the district in which you
reside, in which you have
  your principal place of business, in which the Agency's records are
situated (U.S. District
  Court of Maryland), or in the District of Columbia.    I wonder if  is the ï¿½real thingï¿½ or an
ï¿½intelligence agencyï¿½
spy plot?  Since we send
  Date:         Tue, 25 Aug 1998 13:43:24 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         dpcintrn at osd.pentagon.mil, abumujahid at taliban.com
it doesnï¿½t matter too much either way.  We either get both or the same
I am reading   Impeachment Watch
               The High Cost of the War on Terrorism
              Bill Clinton's $100 Million Crusade Against Ken Starr
                                        by Charles R. Smith
      August was an expensive month for the U.S. taxpayer. For example,
Bill Clinton shot $100       million on August 20, 1998 at "terrorist"
sites in Sudan and Afghanistan. The 79 Tomahawk        cruise missiles
signaled a new "war" that Bill Clinton decided to declare on terrorism
and       not to be confused with the $100 million White House "war" on
Ken Starr.  ...
Last night I was CAREFULLY STARTING to read HARCOPY OF
 especially    Sensor input is processed through the A/D converter and provided as
raw 8 bit data which is     then saved in WAVformat. A program designed
to extract randomization values from the raw data    for use as a cipher
key could takevarious forms. One form would be to serially store    non-repeating samples of data into fixed length blocks for processing,
such as 8 or 16 bytes.    The sampled values would then be summed,
XORed, left or right shift registered (LSR/RSR), least   significant bit
extracted, or any combination of math processes. The resulting byte of
data   would then represent the combination of photon values taken over
the time period of     the sample. Other processes could make use of various formulas, such
as lossy or LZ, to give     still other values for photons taken over
the selected time period of the sample.   10 CLS:DEFINT A-Y:DEFDBL Z
  20 OPEN "R",
  30 FIELD  1 AS D$:J=1:O=0
  40 Z1 = LOF(1):ZR=64:A=0:O$=""
  50 ZR=ZR+1:IF ZR>Z1 THEN GOTO 100
  60 GET   70 GOSUB 110:IF FA=0 THEN GOTO 50
  80 E=E+1:IF E>255 THEN E=0
  90 GOTO 50
  100 CLOSE   110 FA=0:SK=ASC(I$)+SK:IF SK>32510 THEN SK=SK-32510
  120 IF S$<>I$ THEN GOTO 130 ELSE RETURN
  130 FA=1:S$=I$:A=A+1:O$=O$+I$
  140 IF A=16 THEN GOTO 160
  150 RETURN
  160 A=0:B=0:O= E XOR J:K=SK MOD 256:O = K XOR O
  170 FOR N=1 TO 16:X$=MID$(O$,N,1)
  180 B=ASC(X$):O = B XOR O
  190 NEXT N:O$=""
  200 IF O=J THEN RETURN
  210 PRINT O;:J=O
  220 RETURN
I STARTED to analyze what Smithï¿½s BASIC code did. I am STILL THINKING ABOUT the REASONS FOR
110 FA=0:SK=ASC(I$)+SK:IF SK>32510 THEN SK=SK-32510
which contains PROBABLY ZERO-initialized variable SK.
Smith will likely NOT be indicted by BXA  for distributing controlled code on Internet.
The statement
  The sampled values would then be summed, XORed, left or right shift
registered (LSR/RSR), least   significant bit extracted, or any combination of math processes.
does NOT EXACTLY TELL what Smith is doing in PCYPHER ENCRYPTION USING
But Smith's APPARENT belief that terminal bits of samples taken from
continuous distributions are, we believe, uniformly distributed.
    Payne, W. H., and T. G. Lewis, Continuous Distribution
    Sampling:  Accuracy and Speed, Mathematical Software,
    ed., J. R. Rice, Academic Press:  New York (1971), pp.
    331-345.     Lewis, T. G., and W. H. Payne, Generalized Feedback
    Shift Register Pseudorandom Number Algorithm, Journal
    of Assn. for Computing Machinery, 21, 3 (1973): 456-
    468.            Sobolewski, J. S., and W. H. Payne, Pseudonoise with
    Arbitrary Amplitude Distribution:  Part I:  Theory,
    IEEE Transactions On Computers, 21 (1972): 337-345.     Sobolewski, J. S., and W. H. Payne, Pseudonoise with
    Arbitrary Amplitude Distribution:  Park II:  Hardware
    Implementation, IEEE Transactions on Computers, 21
    (1972): 346-352.        HOWEVER, us the the REAL PRACTICAL WORLD might be a bit concerned
what happens if the sensor output voltage exceeds EITHER in a plus or
minus direction the INPUT range of the a/d converter.
          Collector-Emitter Voltage 30 Volt      Emitter-Collector Voltage 5 Volt If the input voltage goes SOMEWHAT HIGHER, then the terminal bit MAY BE
A 1 and not random.
On the other hand, if the input voltage goes SOMEWHAT LOWER, then the
terminal bit MAY BE A 0 and not random.
If the input voltages goes LOTS HIGHER OR LOWER than the limits, it is
SAYONARA a/d converter!
The Real World again.
SOME NSA KG schematics Brian Snow showed me had statistical test
hardware built in to ATTEMPT to
detect non-random output.  If the output failed the test, then the KG
unit shut down.
Smith, I think, has a neat idea which needs to be looked at VERY
Some of us continue to feel that the crypto key must be as long as the
message encrypted.  As was pointed out by Gilbert S. Vernam and Joseph
O. Mauborgne in 1918.
Pseudorandom sequences DONï¿½T WORK VERY WELL FOR ENCRYPTION.
  Pcypher Light is designed to measure the number of photons from around
your PC (light     particles) and create a random numbers from that
light. Pcypher Light is NOT just software but   hardware as well. It is
easy to install and use.  We give you SOFTWAR's advanced technology    Light Probe, a highly sensitive phototransistor, which the software
samples at thousands of     times per second. Think of it as a
microphone for light. In fact all you have to do is plug it   directly
into the MIC input of any PC sound card. That is it. Run the PC Windows
software and   start making REAL randomized keys. NOT A PSEUDO KEY
Two reasons are
1  There should always be TWO KEYs.  The ï¿½real keyï¿½ and the key you
claim IN A LEGAL-SENSE is the ï¿½real keyï¿½ in case you get CAUGHT.
     A  Nuke them
     B  Send flowers
If you send A be sure to have a B key and a receipt for the flowers.
2  Pseudorandom sequences MAY make it difficult to find the SECOND key.
So letï¿½s hope these crypto messes        gets SETTLED SO THAT WE CAN ALL DEBATE TECHNICAL ISSUES and PUBLISH our
results in RECOGNIZED SCIENTIFIC JOURNALS and POST on the Infobahn too.
I want to revise my book for Windows and the 80C32 too.

@_date: 1998-08-27 18:21:44
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: careful reading 
Thursday 8/27/98 7:08 PM
Charles R Smith I am reading hardcopy REAL CAREFULLY.  With a yellow highligher.
Goal is to help each other out. I think I see some problems, but nothing FATAL.
I think I see some FATAL deficiencies at
So let's all continue to THINK.  And help EACH OTHER.

@_date: 1998-08-28 09:45:03
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: dow jones 
Friday 8/28/98 10:07 AM
J Orlin Grabbe
You may have gotten it TOO RIGHT
Morales and I met.
We got a response from a deputy clerk to our attached letter.
No form for 54(b) certification and no examples.
We have a plan of what to include in our response to   AND 54(b) certification.
We see that we can respond by e-mail.
  e-mail: vhardy at detroit.bozell.com
But we'll use certified snail mail too.
Reporter Spohn of the ABQ Trib    1990 Lawrence Spohn, Albuquerque Tribune            told me he is going to make FOIA requests for the invoices NSA spent or
wasted funding public key cryptography chips TOO.
Morales and I also discussed our up-coming NSA fee waiver lawsuit.   NSA  deputy director Barbara McNamara's  wrote me a letter dated
19     August  1998.    McNamara wrote,
  The key issue I considered in my review is whether disclosure of
the    information is likely to contribute to the public understanding
of the   operations or activities of the government. ...
  This response may be construed as a denial of your appeal.           Accordingly, you are hereby advised to your right to seek judicial     review of my decision pursuant to 5 U.S.C. ï¿½ 552(a)(4)
  (B) in the United States District Court in the district in which
you    reside, in which you have your principal place of business, in
which    the Agency's records are situated (U.S. District Court of
Maryland),    or in the District of Columbia. We've learned a lot with our current NSA lawsuit.  So the NEXT lawsuit
should be more devastating for the government.
But let's hope we get this UNFORTUNATE matter settled so that we
can move on to other projects.
I miss the economic articles you post from throughout the world.
Whatï¿½s happening is not your fault.  You are merely a message-deliverer.
Tuesday 8/18/98 7:33 AM
Certified   Return receipt requested
Robert M. March, Clerk
United States District Court
Office of the Clerk
POB 2384
US Courthouse
Santa Fe, NM 87504-2384
Dear clerk March:
Purposes of this letter are to
1 request a copy of a UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO Rule 54(b) certification form if such form exists
2 request an example of a Rule 54(b) certification if such certification is submitted in non-standard form
3 ask for you to provide us with DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO case citations for others required by the Tenth circuit to seek Rule 54(b) certification.
We could not find form referenced in 1 in LOCAL CIVIL RULES, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO or at   specifically We ask that you respond to this letter by September 1, 1998.
Nonresponse must be interpreted as
4  there is no Rule 54(b)form
5  there is no example of a Rule 54(b) non-standard form certification
6  there are no examples of Rule 54(b) certifications in the UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO.
William H. Payne             	   	 Arthur R. Morales
13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	 1024 Los Arboles NW
Albuquerque, NM 87111              	 Albuquerque, NM 87107       Friday February 27, 1998 11:18 AM
By e-mail and US mail
Lieutenant General Kenneth A Minihan, USAF
Director, National Security Agency
National Security Agency
9800 Savage Road
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Dear General Minihan:
Purposes of the letter are to
1  request information under the Freedom of Information Act
2  explore settlement possibilities of our current lawsuit.
In about 1986 Sandia National Laboratories assigned me the task of  design and construction of a Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty seismic data authenticator.
In the initial stages of the project, Sandia cryptographer Gustavus Simmons attempted to convince both Sandia management and NSA employees Tom White, Mark Unkenholtz,
and Ed Georgio that a form of public key authentication should replace NSA employee Ronald Benincasa's National Seismic
Station/Unmaned Seismic Observatory 11-bit data authentication
My Sandia supervisor John Holovka and project leader H B [Jim]
Durham ordered me to write a paper explaining public key This paper,  RSA ENCRYPTION, along with my SAND report
describing my implementation of Benincasa's algorithm and
filings in our lawsuit, now appear on Internet at
 click CRYPTOME, then OpEd,
then Sandia explored the merits of switching from Benincasa's
algorithm to a public key-based authentication method suggested
by Simmons.
For Sandia's evaluation of the merits of public key, electronic tagging,
and Bureau of Engraving and Printing projects ,  I bought for Sandia samples both the Cylink CY1024 and AT&T A & B two chip sets for
modulo m arithmetic computations.
NSA employee Tom White sent me a copy of the SECRET classified
NSA report on IBM's hardware public key chip FIREFLY.
I wrote in my tutorial paper
  RSA hardware computations
  The slow speed of software RSA computations plus the potential
  wide use prompted several companies to build chips which compute
  modular arithmetic to at least several hundred bits.  Most of
  these chips "cascade" to compute with a larger number of bits.
  Corporations involved in building these chips are
     1  IBM  Firefly
     2  AT&T
     3  Motorola (apparently a three chip set)
     4  Cylink   Pittway-First alert
     5  Sandia Labs (Algorithm M and predecessor chip)
  Details of the IBM chip is classified.  AT&T as of July 1987 has
  not released details of their chip.  Little information is
  available on the Motorola chip set.
  The Cylink chip is commercially available.  Its price dropped
  from $1,500 to $600 each in June 1987.  Data is transferred to
  and from the chip with serial shift register communication.
  The early Sandia chip was limited in speed.  The replacement
  chip is cascadeable, communicates with 8 or 16 bits parallel,
  matches the speed of the Cylink chip, but is not out of
  fabrication.
  Rumors circulate that there is about an order of magnitude
  performance difference between some of these chips.
  These hardware chips improve exponentiation speed about 3 orders
  of magnitude over software implementation benchmarked on an Intel
  8086 family microcomputer.
Whitfield Diffie writes about both the Cylink and Sandia chips.  And
is quoted at  Sandia had terrible luck with its public key chips.  I reported SOME of the troubles to Electronic Engineering Times editor Loring Wirbel [ on March 23, 1994.
        Dr. John Wisniewski was a supervisor at Sandia's Center for
        Radiation-hardened Microelectronics.  Wisniewski was a graduate
        student at Washington State University in about 1975.  I was a
        professor at WSU.
        Wisniewski knows all about the failing Sandia chips in the nuclear
        arsenal.  I took notes on February 13, 1993.  Wisniewski reviewed
        the problems again for me.
             1    No quality initiative.  Each chip lot had a different
                  process.
             2    Overall yield - 40-50%.  Down to 10% after packaging.
             3    Metalization problems.  No planarization.  No flow of
                  glass.  Couldn't use high temperature.  Step coverage
                  problems.  Layed down over tension.  100% field returns
                  over several years.
             4    Sandia would store lots of parts for replacements.
        Sandia management made the decision to place low yield parts in
        the nuclear arsenal.  Sandia must meet DOD schedules management
        reasoned.  Hundreds of millions spent on CRM.  Sandia must show
        productivity.
        Wisniewski told me that low yield chip test survivors are those which
        the tests failed to detect failures.  Wisniewski will talk.  503-625-
        6408.  Wisniewski now works for Intel in Oregon.  Have Wisniewski
        tell you about the fire in the CRM clean room!
Sandia supervisor Jerry Allen later told me it cost $300,000 each to remove
Sandia's failing chips at Pantex from a nuclear bomb.
NSA apparently is biased toward hardware implementations of cryptographic
and authentication algorithms.  As opposed to software implementation.
NSA representatives and Sandia management decided not to use a public
key authentication scheme for its CTBT seismic data authenticator because
of all of the problems with implementing public key algorithms.
But NSA surely has spent MUCH MONEY on public key chip implementations.
NSA is promoting its Clipper crypto chips as described at And we get some information about technical specifications of NSA's Clipper
chip at   Clipper Chip Information
  MYK-78 CLIPPER CHIP ENCRYPTION/DECRYPTION  ON A CHIP      1 micron double level metal CMOS technology      0.35 watts power      28 pin plastic leaded chip carrier (PLCC) package      Transistor to transistor logic (TTL) interface      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at programming.      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at programming           facility and are completely transparent to the user.
Therefore, Under the provision of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC 552, I am requesting access to: 1  Copies of all invoices from
to NSA for payments for developing ANY public key-related chips between January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
2  Copies of all invoices to NSA from ANY corporation involved in development
of ANY Clipper chip-related hardware between January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
The public has a right to know how much NSA spent on TRYING monoploize the crypto
If there are any fees for searching for, or copying, the records I have requested, please inform me before you fill the request.
As you know, the Act permits you to reduce or waive the fees when the release of the information is considered as "primarily benefiting the public."  I believe that this requests fits that category and I therefore ask that you waive any fees.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law stipulates.
With respect to our current FOIA lawsuit, I feel that we should settle this
unfortunate matter.
I see from your biography at   and
 that you are
         1979   Distinguished Graduate
         Master of Arts degree in National Security Affairs          Naval Postgraduate School          Monterey, California
One of my former M.S. and Ph.D students in Computer Science,
Ted Lewis, is currently the chairman of Computer Science at
Naval Postgraduate School [
Small world.
But I think that this emphasizes that WE SHOULD all be on the same side.
Not engaged in a conflict in US federal court.  Or on Internet.
NSA attempts to withhold requested information are possibly unwise.  In our wired world the aggrieved know what happened to them. And moderates in Iran,  appear want
settlement too.
My family and I have been damaged by these crypto wars.
I ask you that consider fair settlement of damages caused by the National
Security Agency.
I cannot find your e-mail address on Internet.
Therefore I will forward the e-mail copy of this FOIA/settlement letter to Ray Kammer of NIST [ who along with the FBI [  and NSA are trying to control the crypto business so that Kammer can possibly
forward an e-mail copy of the FOIA/Settlement letter to you.
William Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias
Albuquerque, NM 87111
505-292-7037 [I am not reading e-mail]
PGP Inc's new owner, Network Associates, has announced it is acquiring Trusted Informations Systems, Inc. On the TIS web site, the following project is detailed, in which Dr. Dorothy Denning was a subcontractor, and in which policy-based crypto key release systems were explored, in collaboration with the NSA, FBI, etc.:
Source: Policy-Based Cryptographic Key Release Systems
Cryptographic Key Release Language Design and Specification
View the quad chart graphic for the Policy-Based Cryptographic Key
Release System
Project Summary
ARPA Order Number: 8685 Contractor: Trusted Information Systems, Inc. 3060 Washington Road
Glenwood, Maryland 21738 Phone: (301) 854-6889 FAX:
(301) 854-5363 Subcontractors: Dr. Dorothy Denning
Dr. Burton Kaliski
Dr. Warwick Ford
Russel Housley
1979   Distinguished Graduate
         Master of Arts degree in National Security Affairs          Naval Postgraduate School          Monterey, California
CPSR Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
Clipper Chip Information
MYK-78 CLIPPER CHIP ENCRYPTION/DECRYPTION
                                          ON A CHIP      1 micron double level metal CMOS technology      0.35 watts power      28 pin plastic leaded chip carrier (PLCC) package      Transistor to transistor logic (TTL) interface      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at programming.      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at programming facility and are completely transparent to the
     user.
Dear General Minihan:
William H. Payne                   13015 Calle de Sandias NE          Albuquerque, NM 87111                 1.Bamford, James. The Puzzle Palace: A Report on America's Most Secret Agency.    2.Hafner, Katie and John Markoff. Cyberpunk: Outlaws and Hackers on the Computer Frontier    3.Lapidus, Edith. Eavesdropping on Trial..    4.Schneier, Bruce. Applied Cryptography    5.Sterling, Bruce. The Hacker Crackdown.      General Periodicals
   6.Slatalla, Michelle and Joshua Quittner. "Gangwars in Cyberspace. " Wired.    7.Baker, Stewart A. "Don't Worry, Be Happy." Wired.    8.Denning, Dorothy. "The Clipper Chip Will Block Crime." Newsday.    9.Dewitt, Philip Elmer. "Who Should Keep the Keys?" Time.   10.Lewis, Peter. "Now Congress gets to weigh in on Clinton's high-tech plan for wiretapping." New York Times.   11.Markoff, John. "Big Brother and the Computer Age." New York Times.   12.Markoff, John. "Flaw Discovered in Federal Plan for Wiretapping." New York Times.   13.Markoff, John. "Industry Defies U.S. on Data Encryption."New York Times.      Specialized Journals
  14.--. "Cylink Offers Triple-DES ICs for Civil Service Encryption." Electronic News.   15.Banisar, David and Ken Robinson. "Security and Privacy on the Information Highway." Educom Review.   16.Blackmon, Ric. "Data-Tapping Made Easy" Phrack.   17.Peterson, A. Padgett. "Clipper chip won't clip your wings, it will just protect the unprotected." Infoworld.   18.*Steal, Agent. "Tapping Telephone Lines Voice or Data for Phun, Money, and Passwords." Phrack.      * Pseudonym      Government Documents
  19.Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts. Wiretap Report.   20.Department of Justice. "Attorney General Makes Key Escrow Encryption Announcements."   21.House Subcommitte on Technology, Environment and Aviation. "Communications and Computer Surveillance, Privacy, and
     Security."   22.House Subcommitte on Telecommunications and Commerce. "Telecommunications Network Security."   23.Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968.   24.U.S. Bureau of the Census. "Statistical Abstract of the United States: 1993".   25.White House Press Secretary. "Clipper Press Release."      Institutional Sources
  26.Association for Computing Machinery, U.S. Public Policy Committee. "Computer Policy Committee Calls for Complete Withdrawl
     of Clipper."   27.Computer and Business Equipment Manufacturers Association. "CBEMA Recommendations on Encryption Policy."   28.Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility. "Clipper Fact Sheet."   29.Hanson, Robin. "Can Wiretaps Remain Cost-Effective?"Communications of the ACM   30.Hoffman, Lance, et al. "Cryptography Policy." Communications of the ACM.   31.Hoffman, Lance. "Clipping Clipper." Communications of the ACM.   32.Landau, Susan, et al. "Crypto Policy Perspecitves." Communications of the Association for Computing Machinery.   33.Privacy Rights Clearinghouse. "Wiretapping and Eavesdropping: Is There Cause for Concern?"      Interviews   34.Lo, Virginia. Personal interview.   35.Schuman, David. Personal interview.   36.McClandish, Stanton. E-mail interview.      Exclusive Internet Soucres
  37.Rivest, Ron. "Re: Newsday Editorial."   38.Meeks, Brock. "Jacking in from the 'Sooner or Later' Port." CyberWire Dispatch   39.Gore, Al. "Letter to Representative Cantwell"      Other
  40.Delaney, Donald, et al. "Wiretap Laws and Procedures: What Happens When the U.S. Government Taps a Line." Purposes of this During 1981 Amnesty' International received hundreds of allegations of torture of political prisoners, in particular in Evin Prison in Tehran.
Some were supported by photographs and medical reports. The methods of torture described in these reports included beating, kicking,
whipping with cables, banging heads against walls, burning with cigarettes, burning with an iron and mock executions. One report described
a special room at Evin Prison called autog-e autoo (ironing room) in which prisoners were tied to a bed and their backs, buttocks and the
soles of their feet were burned with an iron. In another place in Evin Prison called zire zamin-e haqiqat (basement of truth) it was alleged
that prisoners were burned with cigarettes during interrogation.

@_date: 1998-08-29 18:11:18
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: La lucha 
Dear Mr. P,
Yes, we would be interested in a review of "The Friction-Free
I should warn you that we are somewhat skeptical of Bill Gate's
terms like "fiction-free", or those views that say the whole
world operates like a computer company.
I am responding at the email address in your letter.  Reply
at my regular email address below.
(ezola at lfcity.com)
Once Morales and I get settlement we will read e-mail!  AND LIKELY
START A WEB SITE!
I AM NO LONGER real interested.
I will write you an article
  Black and white test of cryptographic algorithms
505 292 7037
I didn't receive
We ALL, of course, live in the REAL WORLD.
Have a good weekend EVERYONE.
Allahu akbar, too.  Let's make the GREAT SATAN PAY!
       And ALL hope for SETTLEMENT!

@_date: 1998-08-30 18:28:50
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Moving ahead 
Sunday 8/30/98 6:58 PM
NYA and John Young
I bought three books for you guys at B Dalton at the Cottonwood
mall in Rio Rancho last night.
One is titled
The book covers von Nuemann, Feynman, Ulam, and Metropolis.
These guys pioneered use of Monte Carlo techniques in nuclear bomb
My former MS and  Ph.D. student Ted Lewis     told me some years ago that the GFSR           is used the nuclear bomb simulations.
We were into Monte Carlo work in the '70s
       But in the '80s I WAS FORCED into the business of electronic locks, data
and fuzing weapons.
 And KNEW ABOUT
       Letï¿½s ALL hope for settlement.  So that we CAN ALL move on to better

@_date: 1998-08-31 18:09:38
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Economic opinion 
Monday 8/31/98 6:31 PM
J Orlin Grabbe Patty     Implementing Basics : How Basics Work     William H. and Patricia Payne / Published 1982
    and I just watched in Lehrer news hour.
One question repeatedly came up which you might care to write about.
Is capitalism a proper economic model for Russia and China?
Or merely a DELIBERATE attempt to screw-up both countiesï¿½ economies	
by US ï¿½intelligenceï¿½ agencies?  And other countriesï¿½ economies as well?
Your observations and ECONOMIC opinions might be valuable to all of us.
Later

@_date: 1998-12-06 10:13:16
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: a strategy 
I just read the most recent AFTER MONTHS of nothing happening.
Love it.
Can you possibly get suspected terrorists on your landlord's case?

@_date: 1998-12-07 23:47:49
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: US attorney notified 
Michell was notified that we are in the process of initiating
legal action to get the lien removed.
Let's hope she has the sense to do what we ask.
This matter should have been settled.  It is getting WORSE.

@_date: 1998-12-16 08:37:42
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: crypto boredom 
Tuesday 12/15/98 4:37 PM
John Young
Seeing  makes me feel good that I am not doing crypto work anymore.
I talked with Kent Parsons this afternoon at Holman's computer.
Parsons was the department manager who was going to make his claim-to-
fame at Sandia on the Forth code we developed. "We aren't getting the
recognition [for Forth] we deserve." was a Parsons quote.
I told Parsons that the Forth code we developed is executing all over
the world.
Jane Ellson was one of Parson's secretaries when we did the
Forth 8085 and 8051 development in the weapons components department.
Ellson is now Sandia president Paul Robinsonï¿½s secretary.
I need to revise my NSA-funded and Sandia-approved Forth book for the
80c32 and windows.   I saw NSA's Forth expert Donald Simard talked to me about putting Forth on a
PC as a stand-alone secure operating system.
Putting a secure RELIABLE operating system on a Pentium-class processor
be a MAJOR task.  Perhaps more than just building a rad hard version of
the chip.
Parsons also led the effort at Sandia to build the 8051 as a rad hard
chip at Sandia to replace Sandia's rad hard 8085 chip SET.
Forth works great for weapons programmers.  We need to get this unfortunate matter settled so that we can ALL move
on to more constructive projects.

@_date: 1998-12-28 07:55:49
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: David Angell and html 
Sunday 12/27/98 4:13 PM
John Young
I went to  this morning looking for books on
I asked the clerk what was a good book on html.  The clerk pointed
me to HTML 4 Unleashed, second edition, by Rick Darnell, et al.
A guy standing next to me volunteered that he wrote books on He advised getting a reference book, looking at examples on Internet,
RESEARCH the code, then modify the RESEARCHED the code.
He introduced himself.  David Angell.
  ISDN for Dummies (--For Dummies) ~ Usually ships in 2-3 days
  David Angell / Paperback / Published 1996   Our Price: $19.99 ~ You Save: $5.00 (20%) He was visiting his mother who lives in abq.
Angell now lives in Austin TOO.	
I am on the net to download THE [your?] code at
  To RESEARCH it, of course.
I am experimenting with  for background
for Pro Se Litigation with the US Federal Government.
Keep a good sense of humor.  And up-wind too, of course.
 I CONTINUE to recall Bob Sernaï¿½s joke.
           	and a woman with pms?    	A  You can negotiate with a terrorist.  We got to get this UNFORTUNATE MATTER settled BEFORE IT GETS
Thursday 12/10/98 5:08 PM
J Kevin O'Brien, Chief
Freedom of Information-Privacy Act Section
Office of Public Affairs
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington D. C. 20535
I received your form letter dated DEC 02 1998.
YES, I want the information!
I return your completed form.
Sandia assigned me to break electronic locks for the FBI/ERF.
SSA Mike Uttaro was my direct contact.  His boss was SSA Mike McDevitt.
The FBI is breaking the law under the veil of classification abuse.
I may write another article
False Security     			Abstract   Wiegand wire plastic credit card-sized entry access credentials are
the easiest to counterfeit.  Yet Access Control & SECURITY SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, September 1998 ,   http/
 ran a full page ad.    "Why 130 million Wiegand cards are in use throughout the world .     The most secure of all access card technologies.     HID Wiegand cards are virtually impossible to counterfeit... any attempt to      alter them destroys them! ...     Since no direct contact with the card is required, they are totally enclosed,     making them absolutely immune to the elements and a frustration of     vandals. ...         	The secrets to the security of an     	HID Wiegand card are those little         	enclosed wire strips. Once corrupted,     	they won't work."   Purpose of this article is to tell you how to counterfeit Wiegand   and give you insight into Real Security.   			Abstract   Wiegand wire plastic credit card-sized entry access credentials are
the easiest to counterfeit.  Yet Access Control & SECURITY SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, September 1998 ,   http/
 ran a full page ad.    "Why 130 million Wiegand cards are in use throughout the world .     The most secure of all access card technologies.     HID Wiegand cards are virtually impossible to counterfeit... any attempt to      alter them destroys them! ...     Since no direct contact with the card is required, they are totally enclosed,     making them absolutely immune to the elements and a frustration of     vandals. ...         	The secrets to the security of an     	HID Wiegand card are those little         	enclosed wire strips. Once corrupted,     	they won't work."   Purpose of this article is to tell you how to counterfeit Wiegand   and give you insight into Real Security. Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199
Here is one of my previous articles.
 We should get this settled before IT GETS WORSE.
Black and white is an example of  WORSE.
bill payne

@_date: 1998-12-29 03:13:47
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Hacking for Girlies and FBI news 
Monday 12/28/98 9:27 AM
John Young
BUSINESS OUTLOOK, Albuquerque Journal
Monday December 28, 1998 Consultant feels heat from FBI
By Aaron Baca
Carolyn Meinel says she just
can't win.
  Three months ago - and
many times before and
since - the East Mountain author
and computer-security consultant
was the target of a diatribe left by
computer hackers who broke into
and vandalized the New York
Times' Web page, she says.
Now, Meinel says she is
suspected by the IBI as being one
of the culprits in the New York
Times computer hack.
  She says the FBI told her that
she's not a suspect, but asked her to
take a lie-detector test, which
suggests she is
  "The last contact I had with them
(the FBI) was about a month ago,"
Meinel said in a telephone
interview with the Journal. "I don't
think they would want me to take a
test if they weren't trying to trip
me tip up somehow so they could come
back at me later."
Meinel says she offered to assist
the FBI man investigation of the
incident because of her experience
with hackers and her experience
with those who took credit for that.
back - HFG, or Hacking for
  So far the FBI will not say if it
suspects Meinel. Doug Beldon, a
spokesman for the  Albuquerque
FBI office, said the FBI is
investigating the incident But he
said he couldn't comment about the
  The New York Times web page
was attacked by a group claiming to
be HFG in September. The group
peppered the site with profanity
and pornographic images. They
also left hidden messages on the
page directed at Meinel and others..
Meinel is known in the hacker
community as the Happy Hacker
She has written two editions of a
book by the same title and helped
found an online community about
hacking. She has also written
numerous articles on computer
security, including a recent article
for Scientific American.
  In all of her articles, Meinel is
critical of some hackers for the
damage they can cause. She says
she promotes friendly hacking,
which she compares to the
tinkering or exploring shade-tree
mechanics often engage in on their
  The same group, HAG, is believed
to have broken into the computers
of Albuquerque Internet service
provider Rt66 in August. In that
attack, more than 1,400 credit
card numbers belonging to
subscribers were compromised.
  Meinel says she has been
advised by her own lawyer to
stay out of the case now.
  "There's a lot I Think I could have
offered the FBI, Meinel says.  ï¿½but I think itï¿½s wise not to say anthing now.  I could get myself in trouble if I helped with this investigation now.ï¿½
I am reading about html, reading our sonï¿½s web site code - which he got
from another Moto employee - and experimenting by modifying it.
I just downloaded your stats and table code.  I studied you index.htm
and cryptome pages a bit yesterday.
Morales and I talked this morning.  As soon as we get something working, then we will try to get others to
Like Ashok Kaushal aka AK.
We plan to give the Great Satan some MORE deservedly
REALLY BAD international press.
Until, of course, we get the Great Satan to shape-up and get some of his
messes SETTLED.
ABQ FBI agents Kohl and Schum attempted to intimidate me once.  US
Marshals too.
On the second occasion ABQ FBI agents Kohl and Moore delivered  US
attorney Gorrenceï¿½s letter to me. Moore apologized when Kohl handed me the letter.  Nonetheless, this earned the instigators criminal complaint affidavits.
Kohl had on a black fanny pack.
FBI/Engineering Research Facility Special Supervisory Agents [SSA] I
worked with
carry their guns in fanny packs.  Holsters were too obvious the FBI told
FBI SSAs also carry cell phones.
They need to phone in to find out what to do next.
Morales and I need picture of the Great Satan.  But, of course, being
citizens, we donï¿½t want to infringe anyoneï¿½s registered trademark.
Campbell soup did not sue Andy Warhol.  Therefore we will give Underwood full credit if we decide to use it
registered trademark to depict the Great Satan.
Back to .vxd writing.  I think I have to get win98 working today so I
run the 98ddk.
The vmm.inc macro which provides access to Microsoftï¿½s Windows Virtual
Machine Manager does not work the Hazzah or Thielen and Woodruff device
driver code.  While I modified vmm.inc to expand without error, link 32 is giving an
on some of the segments declarations in the module definition file.
Until I get a working example of  Device Descriptor Block  accessed in
the protected mode, I am in a bit of trouble with my current conversion
Sure wish we could get these UNFORTUNATE matters settled so that Morales
and I could spend time on other constructive projects.
Thursday 12/10/98 5:08 PM
J Kevin O'Brien, Chief
Freedom of Information-Privacy Act Section
Office of Public Affairs
U.S. Department of Justice
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Washington D. C. 20535
I received your form letter dated DEC 02 1998.
YES, I want the information!
I return your completed form.
Sandia assigned me to break electronic locks for the FBI/ERF.
SSA Mike Uttaro was my direct contact.  His boss was SSA Mike McDevitt.
The FBI is breaking the law under the veil of classification abuse.
I may write another article
False Security     			Abstract   Wiegand wire plastic credit card-sized entry access credentials are
the easiest to counterfeit.  Yet Access Control & SECURITY SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, September 1998 ,   http/
 ran a full page ad.    "Why 130 million Wiegand cards are in use throughout the world .     The most secure of all access card technologies.     HID Wiegand cards are virtually impossible to counterfeit... any attempt to      alter them destroys them! ...     Since no direct contact with the card is required, they are totally enclosed,     making them absolutely immune to the elements and a frustration of     vandals. ...         	The secrets to the security of an     	HID Wiegand card are those little         	enclosed wire strips. Once corrupted,     	they won't work."   Purpose of this article is to tell you how to counterfeit Wiegand   and give you insight into Real Security.   			Abstract   Wiegand wire plastic credit card-sized entry access credentials are
the easiest to counterfeit.  Yet Access Control & SECURITY SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, September 1998 ,   http/
 ran a full page ad.    "Why 130 million Wiegand cards are in use throughout the world .     The most secure of all access card technologies.     HID Wiegand cards are virtually impossible to counterfeit... any attempt to      alter them destroys them! ...     Since no direct contact with the card is required, they are totally enclosed,     making them absolutely immune to the elements and a frustration of     vandals. ...         	The secrets to the security of an     	HID Wiegand card are those little         	enclosed wire strips. Once corrupted,     	they won't work."   Purpose of this article is to tell you how to counterfeit Wiegand   and give you insight into Real Security. Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199
Here is one of my previous articles.
 We should get this settled before IT GETS WORSE.
Black and white is an example of  WORSE.
bill payne

@_date: 1998-12-31 09:56:45
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: We promised! 
John Young
We made it. With some help of nmol, I got wsftp working this afternoon. I failed to
click on a filename.
Good stuff at webmasters.nmol.com.  This site is under construction.
New employee Randy is putting his software at this site. In particular,
look for hypersnap which captures screen shots.
This WILL NOT BE OUR WORKING SITE. Only testing so see if I
sort-of understand html. Without your advice and ALOPress's html compiler putting-up a
web site in one day wouldn't have been possible for me.
We plan to post other people's pro se and other lawsuit progress
at our site.  And try to get some CROOKED JUDGES and clerks removed from the federal
court system.
Let's hope McKinney and Grassley can help get this settled before IT GETS EVEN WORSE!
Title: Main(Page 1)
  Pro se [for yourself]
Pro Se Litigation with the US
Federal Government
Purpose of ï¿½The Real World is to help
Movers, Shakers, and Do-ers

@_date: 1999-01-01 01:20:07
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Learning experience 
Thursday 12/31/98 9:49 AM
John Young
I did the first update this morning.
I wonder how many rows one gets in a table until the system bombs?
The Great Satan tries to bury its dissident citizens in its
hidden SECRET cemetery.
We will try to fix this problem.
Title: pro se(Page 2)
    Pro Se [for youself] Litigation with the US Government
    Clickï¿½
    12/29/1998 -ï¿½ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½
      ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½
      ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½
      ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½ ï¿½
    Date
    TenFrap40
    Legal manuvering- Fed. R. App. P. 40. Petition for
      Rehearing
    12/31/1998
    foia3a47.txt
    Payne and Morales NSA lawsuitLetter accompanying Tenth Circuit ruling
      ï¿½
    12/31/1998
    foia3a46.txt
    Payne and Morales NSA lawsuit Tenth Circuit Rule 54(b) ruling
    12/31/1998
    foia3a44.txt
    Payne and Morales address US Government lien
    12/31/1998
    foia3a43.txt
    Payne and Morales NSA lawsuit STATEMENT OF RULE
      54(b) CERTIFICATION
    12/31/1998
    bur13.txtï¿½
    Payne exhausts administrative remedies at EEOC
    12/29/1998
    pena7.txt
    Payne exhausts administrative remedies at DOE
    12/29/1998
    jya.com
    This is a link to John Young's Cryptome web site
    12/29/1998

@_date: 1998-02-03 22:47:32
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Gilbert Vernam 
Tuesday 2/3/98 7:02 AM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
The crypto problem was solved in 1918.  Vernam and Maugborne [sp?]
did the work.
Gilbert Vernam in 1918. Vernam used two tapes of random characters to
generate the additional characters. With the same tapes at each end set
to the same start position this system was unbreakable. The Germans
decided that the distribution of these key tapes presented too great an
operational problem and the Lorenz machine uses a complicated
mechanical gearing and cam system to generate a pseudo random sequence
with very long period and 10^19 complexity. They thought this
was good enough to ensure unbreakability, it wasn't!
Fushimi's implementation of Lewis and my GFSR algorithm has period of 2^521 - 1.  And LOTS of possible starting seeds.
John Young kindly posted my article on putting non-singular binary
matrices in one-to-one correspondence with the natural numbers.
Although the period of a shift register can be 2^521 - 1, 521 bits
determines THE EXACT SEQUENCE of the remaining 2^521 - 522 bits.
Pseudorandom numbers generators have an easier job than bits
used for cryptography.  Pseudorandom number generators merely have to deceive statistical Orlin   Recall the GIANT radio transmitter in the south of Russia,
perhaps Baku.  I heard on PBS TV that it was transmitting a shift register sequence. The Russians were apparently trying to communicate with underwater
NSA crypto algorithms mostly rely on shift register sequences - both
linear and NON-LINEAR.  The R register in my SAND report posted at
jya.com implements a non-linear SECRET/NSI feedback algorithm.
Perhaps someone may have to put NSA's SECRET/NSI R register non-linear feedback function out on the web some time.  So that every one can have a good laugh, of course.  Like for the
number 31 algorithm step.
John Young   Judge Svet made a ruling.  I sent a copy
to you by snail mail.
Title: Colossus Rebuild
The Colossus Rebuild Project
by Anthony E Sale, FBCS
A bit of History
Colossus was designed and built at the Post Office Research
Laboratories at Dollis Hill in North London  in 1943 by a team led by Dr
Tommy Flowers to help Bletchley Park in decoding the intercepted German
telegraphic cipher traffic enciphered using the Lorenz SZ42 cipher
Lorenz SZ42 cipher machine at Bletchley Park
This cipher machine enciphered electrical teleprinter signals which
used the international 5 bit Baudot teleprinter code. It enciphered the
input plain text by adding to it successively two characters before
transmission. Because this addition was bit by bit modulo 2, at the
receiving end with the Lorenz machine set to the same start position,
the same two characters were added again to the received characters
revealing the original plain text.
This scheme had been developed in
America by Gilbert Vernam in 1918. Vernam used two tapes of random
characters to generate the additional characters. With the same tapes at
each end set to the same start position this system was unbreakable. The
Germans decided that the distribution of these key tapes presented too
great an operational problem and the Lorenz machine uses a complicated
mechanical gearing and cam system to generate a pseudo random sequence
with very long period and 10^19 complexity. They thought this was good
enough to ensure unbreakability, it wasn't!
A bibliography of works discussing the Lorenz
cipher has been compiled by
Frode Weierud is availabe here by
permission.  As is a book chapter describing the
Swedish effort to crack Lorenz.
The German high command thought that the Lorenz machine was
completely unbreakable and used it for their most secret messages,
literally from Hitler to his generals and between generals. The
interception and deciphering of these messages gave Generals Eisenhower
and Montgomery vital information prior to and after D Day in 1944.
Colossus was the world's first large electronic valve programmable
logic calculator, not just one but ten of them were built and
operational in Bletchley Park the home of Allied WW II codebreaking.
The question of what is the worlds first computer is less a question
of history than a question of definition.
The Mark 1 at
Manchester (1948) is a strong contender.
A view of Colossus
Colossus found the wheel settings used by the German Lorenz machine
operator for a particular message. When these had been found, which took
about two hours, they were plugged up on the Tunny machine. It was this
machine which actually deciphered the message.
This is the Tunny room in Bletchley Park in 1945.
Colossus, hardware details
    cipher text
    Buffered onto relays: Typewriter printing onto paper roll
    Memory 5 characters of 5 bits held in a shift register.
Power supplies
    +200v to -150v at up to 10A.
Power consumption
    4.5KWatt
    Two banks of racks 7ft 6inches high by 16ft wide spaced 6 ft apart.
Colossus, operating cycles
The basic machine cycle: read
a character from tape,  get bits from bit stream generators, perform up
to 100 logic operations, clock result into decade counters.
The cycle determined by the input tape: The intercepted
enciphered text tape is joined into a continuous loop with
about 150 blank characters in the join. Specially punched
start and stop holes indicate the beginning and end of the
cipher text.
On receipt of start hole pulse: Start bit
stream generators and send sampling pulses to reader output. Execute
basic machine cycle until receipt of stop hole pulse: Staticise counter
states onto relays. After a delay, reset counters and reset bit stream
generators to a new start position.
Colossus programming
All programmes hard wired, some permanently, some pluggable.
Conditional jumping possible between
alternative programmes depending on counter outputs.
The Rebuild
Work on the rebuild started two years
ago with the collection of all available information about Colossus,
including a series of official photographs taken in 1945.
The first
stage was to produce accurate machine drawings of the frames for
Colossus (all the original machine drawings had been burnt in 1960).
This involved three months of eyestrain pouring over the photographs and
using 3D projections to transfer the details to a CAD system, EasyCad
running on a 486 PC. Next problem was the optical paper tape reader system. The details
of this are not shown in any of the photographs. However I managed to
locate Dr Arnold Lynch who designed the reader system in 1942. Although
well into his 80's Dr Lynch came to my house and using my CAD system we
re-engineered the reader system to his original specifications. Then I
built it and here it is.
It uses original Colossus hard vacuum photocells, shown here on the
left and a mask onto which the image of the tape is projected by a
Colossus lense.
All the racks are now in place.
Here are some of the decade counters.
We are also rebuilding the Tunny machine.
The current state of Colossus: Jan 96
Examples of most
of the circuit panels are now working and the whole machine is working
at one bit level.
We are now rapidly cloning circuit panels to
populate all the racks.
I need lots more valves: EF36, 37 or 37A
pentodes, 6J5 triodes, 6V6 tetrodes and GT1C gas filled triode
thyratrons. The 6J5's and 6V6's should be the large glass versions to
look right.
Please send any contributions, valves or money,  to me (Tony Sale)
at   "The Colossus Rebuild Project, 15 Northampton Road, Bromham, Beds MK43 8QB"    tel: 01234 822788  email:
TSale at qufaro.demon.co.uk
Come and see the Colossus Rebuild, the Lorenz machine and codebreaking
exhibitions in Bletchley Park.
This page was created by Tony Sale
(tsale at qufaro.demon.co.uk)
of the Bletchley Park Trust, and
has been modified by Jeff Goldberg
(J.Goldberg at Cranfield.ac.uk)
of the Cranfield University Computer
Title: Cryptome
File               Topic                                             Date
sib.htm            Scientists in Black                               February 3, 1998
CAP                The Cryptographic Analysis Program (offsite)      February 2, 1998
Arne Beurling      The Geheimschreiber Secret (offsite)              February 2, 1998
Army Stegano       US Army Steganography (offsite)                   February 2, 1998
Colossus           Rebuilding Colossus (offsite)                     February 2, 1998
Frode Crypto       Cryptology Papers (offsite)                       February 2, 1998
jimbell9.htm       Jim Bell Update                                   February 2, 1998
echelon-boost      NSA Surveillance System Boosted (offsite)         February 2, 1998
cn020298.txt       Crypto News                                       February 2, 1998
bxa020298.txt      BXA Meet on Export Rules and Procedures           February 2, 1998
cs020298.txt       Rules to Challenge Customs Seizures (63K)         February 2, 1998
usg020298.txt      USG Secret Meets                                  February 2, 1998
echelon.htm        NSA Global Surveillance System                    February 2, 1998
cathedral.htm      The Cathedral and the Bazaar                      February 1, 1998
natsec-rule.htm    Protection of National Security Information       February 1, 1998
47cfr216.txt       National Communications Issuance System (106K)    February 1, 1998
47cfr213.txt       Emergency Telecomms Precedence System (17K)       February 1, 1998
47cfr202.txt       National Security Emergency Plans & Ops (27K)     February 1, 1998
47cfr201.txt       Policy for Telecomms During Emergencies (12K)     February 1, 1998
44cfr336.txt       Facilities for National Security Emergency (14K)  February 1, 1998
44cfr334.txt       FEMA Graduated Mobilization Response (14K)        February 1, 1998
32cfr322.txt       Privacy Act Exemption for NSA Records (40K)       February 1, 1998
32cfr299.txt       National Security Agency FOIA Program (8K)        February 1, 1998
32cfr2101.txt      National Security Council FOIA Requests (24K)     February 1, 1998
32cfr185.txt       Military Support to Civil Authorities (52K)       February 1, 1998
31cfr9.txt         Effects ofï¿½Imported Articles on National Security February 1, 1998
22cfr124.txt       Contracts, Off-Shore Buys, Defense Services (42K) February 1, 1998
22cfr123.txt       Licenses for the Export of Defense Articles (51K) February 1, 1998
22cfr121.txt       United States Munitions List (92K)                February 1, 1998
ntia-dnsdrft.htm   Draft Proposal for New Domain Name System         January 30, 1998
korczak.txt        Boris Korczak: CIA Agent Seeks Payment            January 30, 1998
pm87.txt           Prez on Terrorist Threat to Middle East Peace     January 30, 1998
leahy-wipo.txt     Senator Leahy on Ratifying WIPO Treaties          January 30, 1998
32cfr147.txt       DoD: Policies for Access to Classified Info       January 30, 1998
32cfr148.txt       DoD: Facilities for Storing Classified Info       January 30, 1998
32cfr149.txt       DoD: National Policy on Technical Surveillance    January 30, 1998
ntia012798.htm     RFC: Self-Regulation for Privacy Protection       January 30, 1998
cylinked.htm       Latest: Cylinked to Organized Crime?              January 29, 1998
websoft-warn.htm   Web Software Warning                              January 29, 1998
scant-peril.htm    U.S. Spy Agencies Pauline Peril                   January 29, 1998
mossburg.htm       E-Comm Forum on E-Authentication and DigSig       January 29, 1998
pollard.htm        Bankers O Table on E-Authentication and DigSig    January 29, 1998
brown.htm          Secret Service on Financial Instruments Fraud     Janaury 29, 1998
rpk-hack.htm       Invite to Hack RPK InvisiMail                     January 29, 1998
nrc012998.txt      Generic Letter on Y2K Readiness for Nuke Plants   January 29, 1998
fc012998.txt       FinCEN RFC on Information Collection              January 29, 1998
dtc012998.txt      Arms Export to Saudi Arabia                       January 29, 1998
nsa-etc-nf.htm     NSA, Echelon, Trade & Crypto/Netscape & Fortify   January 28, 1998
dod012898.txt      DoD Blacklist of Higher Education                 January 28, 1998
47usc1002.txt      Interception of Digital and Other Communications  January 28, 1998
cn012898.txt       Crypto News                                       January 28, 1998
cn012798.txt       Crypto News                                       January 27, 1998
bxa-fy98.txt       BXA Funding FY 1998                               January 27, 1998
cia-tsang.htm      CIA Concedes Spying on Americans                  January 26, 1998
atpc.htm           EU-Parliament: Technologies of Political Control  January 26, 1998
us-crypto.htm      US Crypto Policy                                  January 25, 1998
pg-nzcrypto.htm    New Zealand Crypto Policy                         January 24, 1998
ra-ukcrypto.htm    UK Crypto Policy                                  January 24, 1998
whp012398.htm      Payne/Morales vs. NSA: Reply to Defendant         January 23, 1998
kellner.htm        Intellectuals and New Technologies (66K)          January 23, 1998
bxa012398.txt      BXA Penalizes Export Violator                     January 23, 1998
osd012398.txt      Compensation of North Viet-Imprisoned Operatives  January 23, 1998
dod012398.txt      Defense Dept Secret Meets                         January 23, 1998
walton-pk.htm      GCHQ: The Pre-History of Public Key Cryptography  January 22, 1998
primer             The Proliferation Primer (offsite)                January 22, 1998
sh105-238.txt      Proliferation and US Export Controls (196K)       January 22, 1998
sh105-267.txt      Safety and Reliability of US Nukes (347K)         January 22, 1998
acda012298.txt     Arms Control Secret Meet                          January 22, 1998
pd012298.txt       Prez Notice on Mideast Terrorism Emergency        January 22, 1998
bia012298.txt      Rule on Indian Casinos                            January 22, 1998
cn012198.txt       Crypto News                                       January 21, 1998
fc98.htm           Financial Cryptography '98                        January 20, 1998
doj-ssgsup.htm     Supplement to Fed Guide for Seizing Computers     January 20, 1998
cn-netreg.htm      New Chinese Internet Regulations                  January 20, 1998
pg-get-MSkey.htm   How to Recover Private Keys for Microsoft Wares   January 20, 1998
ietf-dea-97.htm    IETF Draft Encryption Algorithms 1997             January 20, 1998
radio-rec.htm      Update: Locating Radio Receivers; Encoder Stolen  January 20, 1998
pipenet.htm        PipeNet Description                               January 20, 1998
dod012098.txt      Defense Dept Secret Meets                         January 20, 1998
bernstein12.htm    Transcript of Bernstein Hearing                   January 19, 1998
fbi-umbc.htm       Barry Smith (FBI) to Speak on Encryption Policy   January 18, 1998
de-snoop.htm       Update: German Surveillance State                 January 17, 1998
bxa-wa-rule.htm    Update 2: BXA Rule on the Wassenaar Arrangement   January 16, 1998
pd98-10.htm        Prez OKs China's Nuclear Controls                 January 16, 1998
tcryptol           Theory of Cryptography Library (offsite)          January 16, 1998
cn011698.htm       Crypto News                                       January 16, 1998
nsasuit8.htm       USA/NSA Responds to Payne/Morales Motion          Janaury 16, 1998
dod011698.txt      Defense Dept Secret Meets                         January 16, 1998
bxa011398.txt      Materials Advisory Meet                           January 15, 1998
crypto-kong.htm    Announcing Crypto Kong                            January 15, 1998
occ-dstc.htm       OCC OKs CA as Authorized Banking Activity         January 14, 1998
aes-980820         Advanced Encryption Standard Conference (offsite) January 14, 1998
ustr010898.txt     Update: Telecommunications Trade Agreements       January 14, 1998
rc2.htm            Rivest Describes RC2 Encryption Algorithm         January 13, 1998
fc011398.txt       FinCEN Regulates Card Clubs                       January 13, 1998
ta011298.txt       Key Management Infrastructure Meet                January 12, 1998
nist011298.txt     Transmission-Electron Microscopy Meet             January 12, 1998
doa011298.txt      Army Hazard Containment Invention                 January 12, 1998
gps-jam.htm        GPS Jamming                                       January 11, 1998
arthur.htm         The Force of An Idea: Theory of USA v. Microsoft  January 10, 1998
RSA-stego.htm      Batch RSA for Stego Data                          January 9, 1998
batch-DSA.htm      Batch DSA                                         January 9, 1998
cell-track.htm     Update 2: Mobile Cell Phone Surveillance          January 9, 1998
fiat-rsa.htm       Fiat's Batch RSA                                  January 9, 1998
aes010798.htm      Update: Advanced Encryption Standard              January 9, 1998
doj010998.txt      RFC: USA v. IBM/STK Antitrust Suit                January 9, 1998
bmd010898.txt      Ballistic Missile Defense Secret Meet             January 9, 1998
nih010898.txt      Commercialization of Medical Data                 January 9, 1998
fas-pde            Prez Directives/Executive Orders (offsite)        January 7, 1998
ussc-ecopy.htm     Sentencing for Electronic Copyright Violations    January 6, 1998
ussc010698.txt     RFC: US Sentencing Guidelines (254K)              January 6, 1997
mercier.htm        Terrorists, WMD, and the US Army Reserve          January 6, 1998
terror-rnd.htm     US Counterterrorism R&D Program                   January 6, 1998
belet              Bob East Letter on AP/Jim Bell/IRS (offsite)      January 6, 1998
pitfalls           Schneier: Security Pitfalls in Crypto (offsite)   January 5, 1998
dsb010598.txt      Defense Science Board Secret Meets                January 5, 1998
ntia010598.txt     Funds for Public Telecommunications               January 5, 1998
cn010598.txt       Electronic Surveillance News                      January 5, 1998
csda.htm           Cypherpunks Smartcard Developer Association       January 4, 1998
aimd-98-21.htm     Executive Guide: Info Security Management (139K)  January 3, 1998
blast-mono.htm     Blast Resistant Doors Monograph                   January 3, 1998
tempest-door.htm   Electromagnetic Shielding/TEMPEST Door            January 3, 1998
ehj.htm            Banned Basque Video: Democratic Alternative       January 3, 1998
fda010298.htm      Policy for External Penile Rigidity Devices       January 2, 1998
doe010298.htm      Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Plan            January 2, 1998
dos010298.txt      Meet on Global Communications and Info Policy     January 2, 1998
doa010298.txt      Army Science Board Meet                           January 2, 1998
  ï¿½
    ï¿½
  ï¿½
  ï¿½
  (site
  stats)

@_date: 1998-02-04 10:52:45
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Jim Omura 
Tuesday 2/3/98  7:22 PM
Let's get this settled.
I have not read
cylinked.htm       Latest: Cylinked to Organized Crime?             January 29, 1998
Hope you liked the SAND report, now posted at jya.com, I sent
you in 1992.
I listened carefully at the breakfast you, I, Lou {lew?} Morris
Title: Cryptome
File               Topic                                             Date
In Athena's Camp   Preparing for Conflict in the Info Age (offsite)  February 3, 1998
cylink-sins.htm    Cylink Secures SINS                               February 3, 1998
pg-get-MSkey.htm   Update: How to Recover Private Keys for MS Wares  February 3, 1998
bxa020398.txt      Exports of High Performance Computers             February 3, 1998
sib.htm            Scientists in Black                               February 3, 1998
CAP                The Cryptographic Analysis Program (offsite)      February 2, 1998
Arne Beurling      The Geheimschreiber Secret (offsite)              February 2, 1998
Army Stegano       US Army Steganography (offsite)                   February 2, 1998
Colossus           Rebuilding Colossus (offsite)                     February 2, 1998
Frode Crypto       Cryptology Papers (offsite)                       February 2, 1998
jimbell9.htm       Jim Bell Update                                   February 2, 1998
echelon-boost      NSA Surveillance System Boosted (offsite)         February 2, 1998
cn020298.txt       Crypto News                                       February 2, 1998
bxa020298.txt      BXA Meet on Export Rules and Procedures           February 2, 1998
cs020298.txt       Rules to Challenge Customs Seizures (63K)         February 2, 1998
usg020298.txt      USG Secret Meets                                  February 2, 1998
echelon.htm        NSA Global Surveillance System                    February 2, 1998
cathedral.htm      The Cathedral and the Bazaar                      February 1, 1998
natsec-rule.htm    Protection of National Security Information       February 1, 1998
47cfr216.txt       National Communications Issuance System (106K)    February 1, 1998
47cfr213.txt       Emergency Telecomms Precedence System (17K)       February 1, 1998
47cfr202.txt       National Security Emergency Plans & Ops (27K)     February 1, 1998
47cfr201.txt       Policy for Telecomms During Emergencies (12K)     February 1, 1998
44cfr336.txt       Facilities for National Security Emergency (14K)  February 1, 1998
44cfr334.txt       FEMA Graduated Mobilization Response (14K)        February 1, 1998
32cfr322.txt       Privacy Act Exemption for NSA Records (40K)       February 1, 1998
32cfr299.txt       National Security Agency FOIA Program (8K)        February 1, 1998
32cfr2101.txt      National Security Council FOIA Requests (24K)     February 1, 1998
32cfr185.txt       Military Support to Civil Authorities (52K)       February 1, 1998
31cfr9.txt         Effects ofï¿½Imported Articles on National Security February 1, 1998
22cfr124.txt       Contracts, Off-Shore Buys, Defense Services (42K) February 1, 1998
22cfr123.txt       Licenses for the Export of Defense Articles (51K) February 1, 1998
22cfr121.txt       United States Munitions List (92K)                February 1, 1998
ntia-dnsdrft.htm   Draft Proposal for New Domain Name System         January 30, 1998
korczak.txt        Boris Korczak: CIA Agent Seeks Payment            January 30, 1998
pm87.txt           Prez on Terrorist Threat to Middle East Peace     January 30, 1998
leahy-wipo.txt     Senator Leahy on Ratifying WIPO Treaties          January 30, 1998
32cfr147.txt       DoD: Policies for Access to Classified Info       January 30, 1998
32cfr148.txt       DoD: Facilities for Storing Classified Info       January 30, 1998
32cfr149.txt       DoD: National Policy on Technical Surveillance    January 30, 1998
ntia012798.htm     RFC: Self-Regulation for Privacy Protection       January 30, 1998
cylinked.htm       Latest: Cylinked to Organized Crime?              January 29, 1998
websoft-warn.htm   Web Software Warning                              January 29, 1998
scant-peril.htm    U.S. Spy Agencies Pauline Peril                   January 29, 1998
mossburg.htm       E-Comm Forum on E-Authentication and DigSig       January 29, 1998
pollard.htm        Bankers O Table on E-Authentication and DigSig    January 29, 1998
brown.htm          Secret Service on Financial Instruments Fraud     Janaury 29, 1998
rpk-hack.htm       Invite to Hack RPK InvisiMail                     January 29, 1998
nrc012998.txt      Generic Letter on Y2K Readiness for Nuke Plants   January 29, 1998
fc012998.txt       FinCEN RFC on Information Collection              January 29, 1998
dtc012998.txt      Arms Export to Saudi Arabia                       January 29, 1998
nsa-etc-nf.htm     NSA, Echelon, Trade & Crypto/Netscape & Fortify   January 28, 1998
dod012898.txt      DoD Blacklist of Higher Education                 January 28, 1998
47usc1002.txt      Interception of Digital and Other Communications  January 28, 1998
cn012898.txt       Crypto News                                       January 28, 1998
cn012798.txt       Crypto News                                       January 27, 1998
bxa-fy98.txt       BXA Funding FY 1998                               January 27, 1998
cia-tsang.htm      CIA Concedes Spying on Americans                  January 26, 1998
atpc.htm           EU-Parliament: Technologies of Political Control  January 26, 1998
us-crypto.htm      US Crypto Policy                                  January 25, 1998
pg-nzcrypto.htm    New Zealand Crypto Policy                         January 24, 1998
ra-ukcrypto.htm    UK Crypto Policy                                  January 24, 1998
whp012398.htm      Payne/Morales vs. NSA: Reply to Defendant         January 23, 1998
kellner.htm        Intellectuals and New Technologies (66K)          January 23, 1998
bxa012398.txt      BXA Penalizes Export Violator                     January 23, 1998
osd012398.txt      Compensation of North Viet-Imprisoned Operatives  January 23, 1998
dod012398.txt      Defense Dept Secret Meets                         January 23, 1998
walton-pk.htm      GCHQ: The Pre-History of Public Key Cryptography  January 22, 1998
primer             The Proliferation Primer (offsite)                January 22, 1998
sh105-238.txt      Proliferation and US Export Controls (196K)       January 22, 1998
sh105-267.txt      Safety and Reliability of US Nukes (347K)         January 22, 1998
acda012298.txt     Arms Control Secret Meet                          January 22, 1998
pd012298.txt       Prez Notice on Mideast Terrorism Emergency        January 22, 1998
bia012298.txt      Rule on Indian Casinos                            January 22, 1998
cn012198.txt       Crypto News                                       January 21, 1998
fc98.htm           Financial Cryptography '98                        January 20, 1998
doj-ssgsup.htm     Supplement to Fed Guide for Seizing Computers     January 20, 1998
cn-netreg.htm      New Chinese Internet Regulations                  January 20, 1998
ietf-dea-97.htm    IETF Draft Encryption Algorithms 1997             January 20, 1998
radio-rec.htm      Update: Locating Radio Receivers; Encoder Stolen  January 20, 1998
pipenet.htm        PipeNet Description                               January 20, 1998
dod012098.txt      Defense Dept Secret Meets                         January 20, 1998
bernstein12.htm    Transcript of Bernstein Hearing                   January 19, 1998
fbi-umbc.htm       Barry Smith (FBI) to Speak on Encryption Policy   January 18, 1998
de-snoop.htm       Update: German Surveillance State                 January 17, 1998
bxa-wa-rule.htm    Update 2: BXA Rule on the Wassenaar Arrangement   January 16, 1998
pd98-10.htm        Prez OKs China's Nuclear Controls                 January 16, 1998
tcryptol           Theory of Cryptography Library (offsite)          January 16, 1998
cn011698.htm       Crypto News                                       January 16, 1998
nsasuit8.htm       USA/NSA Responds to Payne/Morales Motion          Janaury 16, 1998
dod011698.txt      Defense Dept Secret Meets                         January 16, 1998
bxa011398.txt      Materials Advisory Meet                           January 15, 1998
crypto-kong.htm    Announcing Crypto Kong                            January 15, 1998
occ-dstc.htm       OCC OKs CA as Authorized Banking Activity         January 14, 1998
aes-980820         Advanced Encryption Standard Conference (offsite) January 14, 1998
ustr010898.txt     Update: Telecommunications Trade Agreements       January 14, 1998
rc2.htm            Rivest Describes RC2 Encryption Algorithm         January 13, 1998
fc011398.txt       FinCEN Regulates Card Clubs                       January 13, 1998
ta011298.txt       Key Management Infrastructure Meet                January 12, 1998
nist011298.txt     Transmission-Electron Microscopy Meet             January 12, 1998
doa011298.txt      Army Hazard Containment Invention                 January 12, 1998
gps-jam.htm        GPS Jamming                                       January 11, 1998
arthur.htm         The Force of An Idea: Theory of USA v. Microsoft  January 10, 1998
RSA-stego.htm      Batch RSA for Stego Data                          January 9, 1998
batch-DSA.htm      Batch DSA                                         January 9, 1998
cell-track.htm     Update 2: Mobile Cell Phone Surveillance          January 9, 1998
fiat-rsa.htm       Fiat's Batch RSA                                  January 9, 1998
aes010798.htm      Update: Advanced Encryption Standard              January 9, 1998
doj010998.txt      RFC: USA v. IBM/STK Antitrust Suit                January 9, 1998
bmd010898.txt      Ballistic Missile Defense Secret Meet             January 9, 1998
nih010898.txt      Commercialization of Medical Data                 January 9, 1998
fas-pde            Prez Directives/Executive Orders (offsite)        January 7, 1998
ussc-ecopy.htm     Sentencing for Electronic Copyright Violations    January 6, 1998
ussc010698.txt     RFC: US Sentencing Guidelines (254K)              January 6, 1997
mercier.htm        Terrorists, WMD, and the US Army Reserve          January 6, 1998
terror-rnd.htm     US Counterterrorism R&D Program                   January 6, 1998
belet              Bob East Letter on AP/Jim Bell/IRS (offsite)      January 6, 1998
pitfalls           Schneier: Security Pitfalls in Crypto (offsite)   January 5, 1998
dsb010598.txt      Defense Science Board Secret Meets                January 5, 1998
ntia010598.txt     Funds for Public Telecommunications               January 5, 1998
cn010598.txt       Electronic Surveillance News                      January 5, 1998
csda.htm           Cypherpunks Smartcard Developer Association       January 4, 1998
aimd-98-21.htm     Executive Guide: Info Security Management (139K)  January 3, 1998
blast-mono.htm     Blast Resistant Doors Monograph                   January 3, 1998
tempest-door.htm   Electromagnetic Shielding/TEMPEST Door            January 3, 1998
ehj.htm            Banned Basque Video: Democratic Alternative       January 3, 1998
fda010298.htm      Policy for External Penile Rigidity Devices       January 2, 1998
doe010298.htm      Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Plan            January 2, 1998
dos010298.txt      Meet on Global Communications and Info Policy     January 2, 1998
doa010298.txt      Army Science Board Meet                           January 2, 1998
  ï¿½
    ï¿½
  ï¿½
  ï¿½
  (site
  stats)
Title: Payne/Morales vs. NSA: Reply to Defendant's Response
23 January 1998
Source: William H. Payne
See related documents:
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
98 JAN 20 AM11:26
ROBERT M. MARSH
            UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
           FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
William H. Payne        	   	    )
Arthur R. Morales                           )
                                            )
                Plaintiffs,                 )
                                            )
v                                           )	CIV NO 97 0266 Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )
Director, National Security Agency	    )
National Security Agency		    )
                                            )
                Defendant                   )
  REPLY TO DEFENDANT'S RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFFS' MOTION FOR   SUMMARY JUDGMENT BASED ON EVIDENCE FROM ADMISSIONS
1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne [Payne] and Morales [Morales] [Plaintiffs], pro se litigants to exercise their rights guaranteed under the Constitution, Rules of Civil  Procedure, and Local Civil Rules to respond to Defendant's MOTION filed
on 98 JAN-5 within the 14 days allowed by local rule 7.3(b)(4).
2  US Attorney Mitchell [Mitchell]  writes,
  Counsel for Defendant was not served with copies of any of    said Requests for Admissions until sometime after the
  individuals had been served.2
Mitchell WAS SERVED
  PLAINTIFFS' FIRST SET OF REQUEST FOR ADMISSION  TO    NSA DIRECTOR KENNETH MINIHAN   I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing request for     admissions was mailed to Jan Elizabeth Mitchell, Assistant US   Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this  Monday November   3, 1997. Michell was not served with any other admissions since
Mitchell is not representing others.
Plaintiffs' served Defendant Minihan properly.  And Minihan
failed to respond to Minihan's admissions within the time
                                 1
allotted by law.
3 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
  As grounds for the Motion and Memorandum, Defendant
  argued that Plaintiffs had blatantly disregarded this Court's     Order pertaining to the conduct of discovery and the deadline   for discovery in this Freedom of Information Act action.
Judges Svet and Campos willfully violated Plaintiffs' right
to Discovery.  And thereby earned criminal complaint affidavits
filed with judge Scalia of the Supreme Court.
4 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
  In Defendant's Motion and Memorandum, Counsel for Defendant   also objected to Plaintiffs' sua sponte decision to
  modify the Court's June 11 Order to reflect the delay of the
  Court's October 7 Order and the establishment, without leave     of this Court, of new deadlines for discovery, motions     practice, and the filing of the PreTrial Order. (Motion and     Memorandum  9, at 4.)
Judge Svet and Campos attempt to deny Plaintiffs' right to Discovery, again, earned Svet and Campos criminal complaint
Plaintiffs exercise their right under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and the Constitution to conduct Discovery
WITHOUT LEAVE OF COURT!
5 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
   By their own request, Plaintiffs sought to stay a ruling on   the Defendant's Motion and Memorandum. Absent any ruling on   either the Motion and Memorandum or Plaintiffs' Response,
  Defendant Minihan, employees of NSA, and employees of   Sandia National Laboratory, were not obligated to respond to   the Requests for Admissions as provided by Fed.R.Civ.P. 36.3   For Plaintiffs to now assert in their "Motion for Summary   Judgment On Based On Evidence From Admissions" that because     the individuals have not responded to the Requests for   Admissions they are deemed admitted, flies in the face of     their own prayer to this Court to stay a ruling on the   Defendant's Motion to strike the Requests for Admissions until   the Supreme Court takes action.
                                 2
Plaintiffs' have REPEATEDLY asked judge Svet and Campos to
disqualify themselves from any rulings on this case because
Campos and Svet do NOT obey the Federal Rules of Civil   Replace judges Svet and Campos because these judges
  have demonstrated, IN WRITING, they do not follow the   Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
Plaintiffs' pleas are directed a[t] replacement judge[s].  Not
Svet and Campos.
Therefore, Svet and Campos' failure to remove themselves does not stop the legal process. Mitchell cites NO law to support her claim that time constraints imposed under Fed.R.Civ.P. 36.3 are inapplicable
as a result of Svet's and Campos' failure to remove themselves.
6 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
  Defendant requests that this Court either rule upon
  Defendant's Motion and Memorandum granting the request to     strike the Requests for Admissions, or grant Plaintiffs'   request to stay this action pending the issuance of the order   sought by Plaintiffs in another forum. Should this Court deny   Defendant's Motion and Memorandum, Defendant respectfully   requests that the individuals to whom Requests for Admissions   are appropriate in this action be given the thirty days to   respond to said admissions as provided by the Federal Rules of   Civil Procedure.
REPLACEMENT JUDGES of the Court should realize the outcome
of the lawsuit has attained international interest as a result
of the
  1  bungled NSA spy sting on Iran   2  US government agencies NSA, NIST, and the FBI's
     attempt to control cryptography.
Mitchell's   DEFENDANT'S RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFFS' MOTION FOR   SUMMARY JUDGMENT BASED ON EVIDENCE FROM ADMISSIONS
was posted on Internet at jya.com, click cryptome
                                 3
  nsasuit8.htm  USA/NSA Responds to Payne/Morales Motion                            January 16, 1998
Importance of this posting is summed-up in the Toronto Sun, Jan. 11, 1998
  US, Iran Need Each Other   by Eric Margolis   Iran launched a surprise charm offensive last week,   throwing Washington into serious confusion.    In a lengthy interview on CNN, Iran's new president, Mohammad     Khatami, skillfully analyzed the bitter relations between the     two nations and cautiously extended an olive branch to   Washington, calling for an end to their 19-year cold war.   Khatami's diplomatic ju-jitsu flummoxed the Clinton     administration, which was busy trying to rally international   support against Tehran - and to overthrow Iran's elected   government.    Both capitals are split over the question of relations.    In Washington, the military establishment and conservative     Republicans have inflated Iran into a bogeyman to   justify military budgets and keep U.S. forces in the Mideast.    ...
  America incited Iraq to invade Iran in 1980. They did this to   crush the Islamic revolution, then provided massive war aid to   Saddam Hussein. Half a million Iranians died.  The US got caught involved in genocide.  Using high tech.
This is one subject of this lawsuit.
Albuquerque Journal Tuesday 1/13/98 carried the editorial.
  Khatami Move Is Profile in Courage
  Richard Reeves
  Syndicated Columnist
  LOS ANGELES -  If an American leader had done what
  Iranian President Mohammed Khatami did last Wednesday,
  it would have been hailed as a profile in courage. ...
  Miscalculation!  We armed and pampered Saddam Hussein in
  the hope that Iraq would destroy Iran.  Now that's policy and
  behavior to think about. Here is something to think about: If
  Presidents Eisenhower and Kennedy had pursued any kind of
  sensible policy toward Cuba and Fidel Castro - opposed to
                                 4
  the policy of trying to assassinate him - there never would   have been a Cuban missile crisis.
    I think Iranians have financed and encouraged terrorism
  against the interests of the United States and Israel.  I     would not be surprised at all if something like proof emerges   soon, perhaps anonymously, from the CIA and other government   agencies, where many officials have built their careers on   sanctioning and isolating Iran, to try to straighten the   backbones of the president and people of the United States.
    If they succeed, America fails.  What would be more   effective in closing down Iranian terrorism?  More hostility,   sanctions and charges?  Or beginning the process toward more   normal relations with a country positioned and born to be     great? ...
Clearly genocide fits into [missing text]
Now that's policy and behavior to think about.
The wired world is watching what this Court, hopefully
minus judges Svet and Campos, will do.
What is there to be?  A series of possibly unfortunate
events?  Or does this Court order release the lawfully requested documents to help settle this American tragedy?
7 Have replacement judges of this Court DENY Mitchell's
  Plaintiffs requested a stay. Absent a ruling from
  this Court denying their request, they cannot proceed to   assert that the Requests for Admissions are deemed admitted.   Accordingly, Plaintiffs' "Motion For Summary Judgment On Based   On Evidence From Admissions" must be denied.
for reason that Mitchell's request to subvert both the Discovery
processes and its time limits have no basis in law.  And appears to plead to judges who do not obey the Federal Rules of Civil
[No 8]
9  IMMEDIATELY ORDER Defendant to release the requested documents in the interest of national safety so that this                                  5
matter can be settled. Aggrieved victims of  US genocide are reading these pleadings.
                    Respectfully submitted,                     [Signature]                     _________________________                     William H. Payne             	   	                         13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                         Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                         [Signature]
                    _________________________				                     Arthur R. Morales                                                1024 Los Arboles NW                                             Albuquerque, NM 87107                                            Pro se litigants CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to  John J. Kelly, US Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this  Tuesday January 20, 1997.                     [Arthur R. Morales signature]
                                  6
Title: Cylink Corporation
Learn more about Algorithmic ResearchCylink's Critical Weapon in the Drug WarBank Leumi Selects PrivateWire Cylink Opens Service Centers in India and ChinaCylink Extends Service to Remote AreasCylink Gains RUS Acceptance for Airlink T1 Product

@_date: 1998-02-15 19:32:39
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Erich Mielke 
Sunday 2/15/98 7:52 PM
J Orlin Grabbe
Albuquerque Journal  h 2/5/98
  Ex-Spy Denied Extra Pension
    BERLIN - The former head of the East
  German secret police, a lifelong communist
  who fled Germany in the 1930s to avoid
  the Nazis, is not entitled to extra pension
  money for the time he spent in exile, a   court ruled Wednesday.
    One the No. 2 man in East Germany, Erich
  Mielke, 90, now lives in seclusion with his   wife in an apartment in eastern Berlin.  His
  monthly pension, according to German media,
  is just under $55 a month.
    Hoping to boost his income, he applied to Berlin
  authorities for a supplemental pension for the
  years he spent in Moscow and Spain, 1931 until   the end of  World War II.
    But the court ruled that the main reason for his
  exile was not fear of persecution, but for his   involvement as a young communist street fighter
  in the killing of two Berlin policemen on Aug. 9,
  1931.
Your attached article ALSO may include Mielke.
Grabbe, a LOT of guys wanted to find out what happened.  Israel too.
Let's all hope for settlement of this unfortunate
Title: NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict
 [Email Reply] NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict
          by J. Orlin Grabbe
the U.S. regularly provided Iraq's Saddam Hussein with top-secret communication intercepts by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA).  Consider the evidence.
public relations firm of Hill & Knowlton ten million dollars to drum up American war fever against the evil dictator Hussein, it brought about the end of a long legacy of cooperation between the U.S. and Iraq.  Hill & Knowlton resurrected the World War I propaganda story about German soldiers roasting Belgian babies on bayonets, updated in the form of a confidential witness (actually the daughter of the Kuwaiti ambassador to the U.S.) who told Congress a tearful story of Iraqi soldiers taking Kuwaiti babies out of incubators and leaving them on the cold floor to die.  President George Bush then repeated this fabricated tale in speeches ten times over the next three days.
events is that, until then, Hussein had operated largely with U.S. approval.  This cooperation had spanned three successive administrations, starting with Jimmy Carter.  As noted by John R. MacArthur, "From 1980 to 1988, Hussein had shouldered the burden of killing about 150,000 Iranians, in addition to at least thirteen thousand of his own citizens, including several thousand unarmed Kurdish civilians, and in the process won the admiration and support of elements of three successive U.S. Administrations" [1].
good military intelligence.  The role of NSA in the conflict is an open secret in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia.  Only in this country has there been a relative news blackout, despite the fact that it was the U.S. administration that let the crypto cat out of the bag.  world on national television that the United States was reading Libyan communications.  This admission was part of a speech justifying the retaliatory bombing of Libya for its alleged involvement in the La Belle discotheque bombing in Berlin's Schoeneberg district, where two U.S. soldiers and a Turkish woman were killed, and 200 others injured. Reagan wasn't talking about American monitoring of Libyan news broadcasts. Rather, his "direct, precise, and undeniable proof"  referred to secret (encrypted) diplomatic communication between Tripoli and the Libyan embassy in East Berlin.
demonstration that it was also reading secret Iranian communications.  As reported in Switzerland's Neue Zurcher Zeitung,  the U.S. provided the contents of encrypted Iranian messages to France to assist in the conviction of Ali Vakili Rad and Massoud Hendi for the stabbing death in the Paris suburb of Suresnes of the former Iranian prime minister Shahpour Bakhtiar and his personal secretary Katibeh Fallouch. [2]
had both purchased cryptographic communication equipment from the Swiss firm Crypto AG. Crypto AG was founded in 1952 by the (Russian-born) Swedish cryptographer Boris Hagelin who located his company in  Zug.  Boris had created the "Hagelin-machine", a encryption device similar to the German "Enigma".  The Hagelin machine was used on the side of the Allies in World War II.
Switzerland was a neutral country. So Crypto AG's enciphering devices for voice communication and digital data networks were popular, and customers came from 130 countries. These included the Vatican, as well the governments of Iraq, Iran, and Libya.  Such countries were naturally skeptical of cryptographic devices sold in many NATO countries, so turned to relatively neutral Switzerland for communication security.
the leaks, when it arrested Hans Buehler, a top salesman for Crypto AG, in Teheran on March 18, 1992.  During his nine and a half months of solitary confinement in Evin prison in Teheran, Buehler was questioned again and again whether he had leaked Teheran's codes or Libya's keys to Western powers.  Luckily Buehler didn't know anything.  He in fact believed in his own sales pitch that Crypto AG was a neutral company and its equipment was the best.  They were Swiss, after all.  [3]
Buehler's release in January 1993, then promptly fired him once they had reassured themselves that he hadn't revealed anything important under interrogation, and because Buehler had begun to ask some embarrassing questions. Then reports appeared on Swiss television, Swiss Radio International, all the major Swiss papers, and in German magazines like Der Spiegel.  Had Crypto AG's equipment been spiked by Western intelligence services? the media wanted to know. The answer was Yes [4].
AG to a company in Liechtenstein, and from there back to a trust company in Munich. A witness appearing on Swiss television explained the real owner was the German government--the Federal Estates Administration. [5]
        According to Der Spiegel, all but 6 of the 6000 shares of Crypto AG were at one time owned by Eugen Freiberger, who resided in Munich and was head of the Crypto AG managing board in 1982. Another German, Josef Bauer, an authorized tax agent of the Muenchner Treuhandgesellschaft KPMG, and who was elected to the managing board in 1970, stated that his mandate had come from the German company Siemens.  Other members of Crypto AG's management had also worked at Siemens. Was the German secret service, the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND), hiding behind the Siemens' connection?
        So it would seem.  Der Spiegel reported that in October 1970, a secret meeting of the BND had discussed how the Swiss company Graettner could be guided into closer cooperation with Crypto AG, or could even merged with it. The BND additionally considered how "the Swedish company Ericsson could be influenced through Siemens to terminate its own cryptographic business." [6]
had to coordinate his developments with "people from Bad Godesberg". This was the location of the "central office for encryption affairs" of the BND, and the service instructed Crypto AG what algorithms to use to create the codes.  The employee also remembers an American "watcher", who strongly demanded the use of certain encryption methods.
often. A memorandum of  a secret workshop at Crypto AG in August 1975, where a new prototype of an encryption device was demonstrated, mentions the participation of Nora L. Mackebee, an NSA cryptographer. Motorola engineer Bob Newman says that Mackebee was introduced to him as a "consultant".  Motorola cooperated with Crypto AG in the seventies in developing a new generation of electronic encryption machines.   The Americans "knew Zug very well and gave travel tips to the Motorola people for the visit at Crypto AG," Newman told Der Spiegel.
AG enciphering process, developed in cooperation with the NSA and the German company Siemans, involved secretly embedding the decryption key in the cipher text.  Those who knew where to look could monitor the encrypted communication, then extract the decryption key that was also part of the transmission, and recover the plain text message.  Decryption of a message by a knowledgeable third party was not any more difficult than
it was for the intended receiver.  (More than one method was used.  Sometimes the algorithm was simply deficient, with built-in exploitable weaknesses.)
reports are ""pure invention".
Hussein exactly?  Answers to this question are currently being sought in a lawsuit against NSA in New Mexico, which has asked to see "all Iranian messages and translations between January 1, 1980 and June 10, 1996". intelligence to someone like Saddam Hussein brings up other questions.  Which dictator is the U.S. passing top secret messages to currently?  Jiang Zemin?  Boris Yeltsin?  NSA largess if he returns to the mass slaughter of Iranians?  What exactly is the purpose of NSA anyway?
[1] John R. MacArthur, Second Front: Censorship and Propaganda in the Gulf War, Hill and Wang, New York, [2] Some of the background of this assassination can be found in "The Tehran Connection," Time Magazine, March 21, 1994.
[3] The Buehler case is detailed in Res Strehle, Verschleusselt: der Fall Hans Beuhler, Werd Verlag, Zurich, 1994.  [4] "For years, NSA secretly rigged Crypto AG machines so that U.S. eavesdroppers could easily break their codes, according to former company employees whose story is supported by company documents,"  "No Such Agency, Part 4: Rigging the Game," The Baltimore Sun, December 4, 1995.
[5] Reported in programs about the Buehler case that were broadcast on Swiss Radio International on May 15, 1994 and July 18, 1994.
[6]  "Wer ist der befugte Vierte?":  Geheimdienste unterwandern den Schutz von Verschlusselungsgeraten," Der Spiegel 36, 1996.
[7] U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico, William H. Payne, Arthur R. Morales, Plaintiffs, v. Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director of National Security Agency, National Security Agency, Defendant, CIV NO 97 0266 SC/DJS.
November 2, 1997
Web Page:

@_date: 1998-02-19 09:47:28
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: judicial authentication 
Wednesday 2/18/98 6:04 PM
J Orlin Grabbe
John Young
John Young has been sent a copy of  ORDER with SEPARATE
PAGE marked
    	ALBUQUERQUE, NEW MEXICO
 This document consists of an official stamp of the Court and, if
attached to the
document identified above, servers and endorsed copy of the pleading. It may be
used in lieu of the Courtï¿½s mechanical file stamp for the named document
only, and
misuse will be treated the same as misuse of the Courtï¿½s official
mechanical file
stamp.  The Courtï¿½s digital signature is a verifiable mathematical
computation unique
to the filed document and the Courtï¿½s private encryption key.  This
signature assures
that any changes can be detected.
Attached is Svetï¿½s ORDER.  WITH NO MARKINGS ON IT.
Grabbe, perhaps I should modify the ORDER SLIGHTLY and return this to
the court
claiming that I believe that I have recieved a COUNTERFEIT COPY of
And, would the court please verify if the copy I sent them was authentic
or not.
And, too, tell me WHY they knew that it was a counterfeit or authentic.
But this is why we have back-ups.
ALLAHU AKBAR!
Perhaps the opposition has more brains than our [?] side.
But first things first.
                     UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                 FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
William H. Payne        	   	    		)
Arthur R. Morales                           			)
                                            				)
                Plaintiffs,                 			)
                                            				)
v                                           				)	CIV NO 97 0266 Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF 	)
Director, National Security Agency	    		)
National Security Agency		    		)
                                            				)
                Defendant                   			)
PLAINTIFFS'  RESPONSES TO JUDGE SVET'S ORDER FILED January 28, 1998, ORDER FILED February 10, 1998, AND AFFIDAVIT OF ATTORNEY FEE IN ACCORDANCE WITHCOURT ORDER FILED 98 FEB-9
1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne  and Morales [Plaintiffs] to respond
to two ORDERs and AFFIDAVIT.
2  Magistrate judge Svets [Svet] writes in ORDER filed January 28, 1998.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED THAT sanctions will be granted and   counsel for Defendant shall submit an affidavit outlining her costs
  and fee in bring the Motion within ten days of entry of this Order.
  Plaintiffs may respond within ten days of service of Defendant's       affidavit.
3 Svet states in ORDER filed January 28, 1998
 Plaintiff's attempt at discovery violates this Court's Order entered June
 11 , 1997.
4 June 11 order states,
  THIS MATTER come before the Court sua sponte following   an Initial Scheduling Conference held June 5, 1997.  The   establishment of deadline for discovery and pre-trial pleading is   necessary for the orderly hearing of this case. However, this case   in not one in which an Initial Pre-trial pleading will assist the   Court.  Accordingly, such a document will not be entered.  Further,   the parties will not be permitted to undertake any discovery in this   matter absent Court permission.  The parties shall submit any   proposed discovery to the Court for approval, accompanied by a   motion to permit discovery and a memorandum of points and   authorities explaining the need for that discovery.
     IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED that the following deadlines   are hereby established:
     1.   The parties shall complete discovery necessary by      September 3,
     1997.
     2.   Motions relating to discovery shall be filed no later      than September 23, 1997.
     3.   All pretrial motions regarding matters other than      discovery shall be filed by October 3, 1997.
     4.   The Pre-Trial Order shall be provided as follows:
     Plaintiffs to Defendants by November 3, 1997;       Defendants to the Court by November 18, 1997.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that discovery in the matter shall only be   undertaken upon obtaining Court permission.  The parties shall   submit any proposed discovery to the Court for approval,   accompanied by a motion to permit discovery and a memorandum of   point and authorities explaining the need for that discovery.
                    signed
                    DON J. SET
                    UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE
5 Plaintiff's point out in UNOPPOSED MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME AND  RESETTING TIME LIMITS FOR DISCOVERY
  Rule 36 states,   Request for admission (a) A party may serve upon any other   party a written request for the  admission, for the  purposes of   the pending action only, of the truth of any  matters within the    scope of Rule 26(b) set forth the request that relate to statements   or opinions of fact or of the application of law to fact including   the genuineness of any documents described in the request.     Copies of documents shall  be served with the request unless   they have been or otherwise  furnished or made available for   inspection and  copying.  The request may WITHOUT LEAVE    OF THE COURT, be served  upon the plaintiff after   commencement of  the action and upon any  other party with   or after service of the  summons and complaint upon that   party. ...   Plaintiffs capitalize WITHOUT LEAVE OF THE COURT.
6  Svet writes in ORDER filed January 28, 1998
  On June 11, 1997 this Court ordered that any proposed   discovery must be approved by this Court.
Svet's above sentence violations Rule 36 of the Federal Rule
of Civil Procedure.
7 Svet writes in ORDER filed January 28, 1998
  Further, Plaintiff's did not seek to take discovery prior to the
  discovery deadline.
Svet FAILED TO RESPOND to Plaintiffs' UNOPPOSED MOTION FOR EXTENSION OF TIME AND  RESETTING TIME LIMITS FOR DISCOVERY.
8 Svet writes in ORDER filed January 28, 1998
  Finally, Plaintiffs, failed to serve counsel for Defendant and   instead served General Minihan.  This violates Fed. R. Civ 5.
Plaintiffs DID SERVE General Minhan with first set of admissions
through US lawyer Mitchell on October 13, 1997 in full compliance with
Fed. R. Civ 5.
9 Svet writes in ORDER filed January 28, 1998
  The fact that Plaintiffs are pro se does not relieve them from the burden
  of complying with court orders and rules of civil procedure.
To the contrary, Svet flaunts in writing his disregard of truth and rules
of Civil Procedure.
  Plaintiff have always attempted to follow the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and were always willing to correct any mistakes.
  Svet, on the other hand, proceeds with an attempt to ignore the laws
IN WRITING of the United States.
  Friday October 24, 1997 08:10 file criminal complaint affidavit with
Supreme Judge Antonin Scalia against judges Svet and Campos.
  Scalia has not yet responded to Plaintiffs' criminal complaint affidavit.
  Svet, by issuing ORDER filed January 28, 1998, must believe that Scalia
is going to cover-up for Svet's and Campos' judicial misconduct.
10 Svet writes in ORDER filed January 28, 1998
  Further, Plaintiffs flagrant disregard of this Court's order warrants
  the imposition of sanctions pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 37
    IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that
  Defendant's Motion to Strike and all of Plaintiff's First Set of Requests
  for Admissions to Various Employees of the National Security Agency
  and to Various Employees of Sandia National Laboratories is granted.
Svet cite no law or rules which prevent Plaintiffs' from requesting
admission from non-parties, therefore Plaintiff's must assume in the
interest of justice that Svet agrees with Plaintiff's procedure.
11  Svet ORDER FILED February 10, 1998 states
  THIS MATTER comes before the Court on Plaintiffs' Motion to Remove
  Docket Sheet Entry 14 and Associated Response file on June 24, 1997.
  The matter of discovery was addressed in and Order entered June 11,
  1997.  Thus, Plaintiff's Motion is moot.
  IT IS THEREFORE ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that   Plaintiffs' Motion to Remove Docket Sheet Entry 14 and Associated
  Response is denied as moot.
Docket Sheet entry 14 posted 6/9/97 is
  RESPONSE  by defendant to motion to accept discovery plan of plaintiffs
  as an unopposed motion before the Court (dmw) [Entry date 06/10/97]
5/23/97 Docket Sheet entry 9 Plaintiffs file   MOTION by plaintiff for order to accept discovery plan (dmw)
Defiant misses filing date for response to entry 9.
Therefore, Plaintiffs' file on 6/9/97 Docket Sheet entry 13
  MOTION by plaintiff to accept discovery plan of plaintiffs are an     unopposed motion before the court (dwm)
In panic Defendant's lawyer US Mitchell submits on 6/9/97
Docket Sheet entry 14
  RESPONSE by defendant to motion to accept discovery plan of plaintiffs
  as an unopposed motion before the Court [13-1] (dwm) [Entry date
  06/10/97]
Lawyer Mitchell, apparently realizing her legal procedureal blunder, is forced to deposit her LATE MOTION in Court outside mailbox since entry was not until June 10.
  Svet, again, flaunts disregard for the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure by ORDER FILED February 10, 1998 by ruling late motion moot.
  Svet cites no authority to overrule dictates of Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, and even local court rules, on timeliness.
  Svet demonstrates again, IN WRITING, prejudice toward Defendant.
12 Svet NOT ONLY has shown,  IN WRITING, his attempt to inhibit the legal process specified in the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure but has engaged in a proactive process of attempting to retaliate against Plaintiffs' in their attempt to follow the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
  Svet NEVER attempted to clarify procedures or rules so that either side could correct any mistakes in civil procedure.
13  Plaintiffs' invoke   28 USC ï¿½ 455. Disqualification of justice, judge, or magistrate     (a) Any justice, judge, or magistrate of the United States shall     disqualify himself  in any proceeding in which his impartiality     might reasonably be questioned. ...
14  REMOVE judges Svet and Campos from this proceeding for clear
demonstration of pattern and practice of judicial misconduct IN
WRITING in this lawsuit.
15  ORDER judge Svet  RESTRAINED from awarding sanctions against
16  APPOINT new magistrate and judge to begin this lawsuit DE NOVO.
17 GRANT such other relief as the Court may deem  just and proper.
Respectfully submitted,                     _________________________                     William H. Payne             	   	                         13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                         Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                         _________________________				                     Arthur R. Morales                                                1024 Los Arboles NW                                             Albuquerque, NM 87107                                            Pro se litigants                CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this Thursday February 19,

@_date: 1998-02-19 10:50:12
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: the Court's private encryption key 
Wednesday 2/18/98 7:23 PM
J Orlin Grabbe
John Young
I just spoke with Bill Goldrick.
Read about Goldrick in Deep Black by William Burrows.
Goldrick was the Sandia supervisor who supervised installation
the Norwegian seismic system.  And supervised the second
data authenticator.  And reviewed my SAND report.
We talked about data authentication.  And its problems.
I looked at Svetï¿½s February 10, 1998 ORDER
And thought about
Digital File Stamp
 This document consists of an official stamp of the Court and, if attached to the document identified above, servers an
endorsed copy of the pleading.  It may be used in lieu of the Court's mechanical file stamp for the named document only, and
misuse will be treated the same as misuse of the Court's official mechanical file stamp.  The Court's digital signature is a verifiable mathematical computation unique to the filed document and the Court's private encryption key.  This signature assures
that any changes can be detected.
Think devious.  By way of deception.
But this for later.
Allahu Akbar

@_date: 1998-02-19 11:52:06
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: rushdie list 
Best to try to keep off the list.
  August 1991, Shapour Bakhtiar and Soroush Katibeh are killed in  Suresnes, France.
Title: Iranian Martyrs
This page is dedicated to all those who stood up against tyranny
KNOW THAT BEHIND EACH NUMBER, AND EACH NAME,
THERE IS A MAN, A WOMAN, A CHILD,
A FACE, A SMILE, A TEAR
PUT YOURSELF IN PLACE OF THE CONDEMNED AND
THE SOLITUDE AND LONELINESS OF THE MOMENT
WHEN THEY COME TO TAKE THEM AWAY,
THIS LAST VOYAGE,
WHERE ARE YOU AT THIS VERY MOMENT, PARTISAN OF HUMAN RIGHTS ?
WHY HAS THE WORLD SUDDENLY BECOME A VAST
DESERT WHERE THERE EXISTS ONLY THE VICTIM AND HIS EXECUTIONERS ?
HOW MUCH LONGER CAN YOU STAY SILENT ?
Below is a list of all those who were affiliated to NAMIR  or its military wing - NEGHAB - and
were murdered by the Islamic Republic of Iran : Date         Location           Name                    04/07/1980   Tehran             A.Mohagheghi (general)
04/07/1980   Tehran             G.Ghayeghran (non-commissioned officer : pilot)
04/07/1980   Tehran             F.Jahangiri (non-commissioned officer : pilot)
04/07/1980   Tehran             A.Kamiani 04/07/1980   Tehran             A.Karimbar
30/07/1980   Tehran             H.Kazemi (non-commissioned officer)
30/071980    Tehran             M.Moradi (non-commissioned officer)
30/07/1980   Tehran             S.Norouzi (sergeant)
30/07/1980   Tehran             A.Mohamadi
30/07/1980   Tehran             M.Assangochai
30/07/1980   Tehran             Y.Mahboubian
30/07/1980   Tehran             E.Mamaghani
30/07/1980   Tehran             N.Sedarat
30/07/1980   Tehran             E.Baroukhim
30/07/1980   Tehran             M.B.Fard (lieutenant)
30/07/1980   Neyshabur          Y.Khadjeh
30/07/1980   Neyshabur          G.Jafari
31/07/1980   Tehran             M.Farzam (lieutenant)
31/07/1980   Tehran             H. Karimpurtari (non-commissioned officer)
31/07/1980   Tehran             D.Jalaii (colonel)
31/07/1980   Tehran             N.Yahyaii (lieutenant)
31/07/1980   Tehran             N.Najaf-Nejad (sergeant)
07/08/1980   Tehran             I. Soltani (corporal)
07/08/1980   Tehran             H.Lashkari (lieutenant-pilot)
07/08/1980   Tehran             M.Saghafi (lieutenant-pilot)
07/08/1980   Tehran             A.Zarineh (colonel)
07/08/1980   Tehran             H.Gohari (major)
07/08/1980   Tehran             K.Alizadeh (major)
07/08/1980   Tehran             A.Morvaridi (sergeant)
07/08/1980   Tehran             S.Pourfahmideh (lieutenant)
07/08/1980   Tehran             M.Najafabadi (lieutenant)
07/08/1980   Tehran             M.Zahedi (lieutenant)
07/08/1980   Tehran             M.Asgharian (non-commissioned officer)
07/08/1980   Tehran             H.Abedini
07/08/1980   Tehran             F.Azarian (lieutenant)
16/08/1980   Tehran             E.Arab-Shirazi
16/08/1980   Tehran             A.Awazzadeh 16/08/1980   Tehran             M.Sajadi (non-commissioned officer)
16/08/1980   Tehran             M.Farahpour
16/08/1980   Tehran             Z.Momeni
16/08/1980   Tehran             G.Khergani (sergeant)
16/08/1980   Tehran             M.Kiani (sergeant)
16/08/1980   Tehran             D.Bakhtiar
16/08/1980   Tehran             G.NaghibZadeh (non-commissioned officer)
16/08/1980   Tehran             H.Zamanpour (flight-lieutenant)
16/08/1980   Tehran             K.Azartash (major)
16/08/1980   Tehran             A.Azmudeh (colonel)
16/08/1980   Tehran             C.Ahmadi (lieutenant)
16/08/1980   Tehran             S.Mahdiun (general-pilot)
16/08/1980   Tehran             M.Farnejad (non-commissioned officer)
16/08/1980   Tehran             K.Mohamadi-Koubaii (non-commissioned officer)
16/08/1980   Tehran             M.Tightiz (non-commissioned officer)
18/08/1980   Tehran             M.Mirlaki (non-commissioned officer)
18/08/1980   Tehran             M.Abedini-Moghadam (non-commissioned officer0
18/08/1980   Tehran             K.Rahmati (non-commissioned officer)
18/08/1980   Tehran             P.Bayani (non-commissioned officer)
18/08/1980   Tehran             L.Lotfolahi (non-commissioned officer)
18/08/1980   Tehran             A.Habibi (lieutenant)
18/08/1980   Tehran             N.Zandi (flight lieutenant pilot)
18/08/1980   Tehran             C.Karimian (sergeant)
18/08/1980   Tehran             O.Boyeri (flight lieutenant)
18/08/1980   Tehran             A.Soleimani (flight lieutenant)
18/08/1980   Tehran             D.Mazaheri-Kashani
18/08/1980   Tehran             D.Fatehjou (non-commissioned officer)
18/08/1980   Tehran             A.Pourkarbassi-Dehi (non-commissioned officer)
18/08/1980   Tehran             D.Fateh-Firouz (non-commissioned officer)
18/08/1980   Tehran             K.Afrouz (flight lieutenant)
18/08/1980   Tehran             M.Azimifar (flight lieutenant)
21/08/1980   Tehran             M.Arad (lieutenant)
21/08/1980   Tehran             M.Sadeghi (colonel)
21/08/1980   Tehran             H.Izadi (colonel)
21/08/1980   Tehran             Asghari
25/08/1980   Tehran             D.Rahbar (non-commissioned officer)
25/08/1980   Tehran             G.Hamedani (non-commissioned officer)
25/08/1980   Tehran             F.Javaherian (non-commissioned officer)
25/08/1980   Tehran             M.Zade-Naderi (non-commissioned officer)
26/08/1980   Tehran             G.Hejazi (female)
26/08/1980   Tehran             D.Shomali
26/08/1980   Tehran             H.Ahmadi
26/08/1980   Esfahan            M.Altani
26/08/1980   Esfahan            H.Karimi
26/08/1980   Esfahan            S.Mozaii
26/08/1980   Esfahan            H.Dari
26/08/1980   Esfahan            A.Allahverdi
26/08/1980   Esfahan            S.Hemati
26/08/1980   Esfahan            M.Vesaali
26/08/1980   Esfahan            B.Nikbakht (female)
26/08/1980   Esfahan            E.Biglari
26/08/1980   Esfahan            J.Hemati
26/08/1980   Esfahan            E.Karimi
26/08/1980   Esfahan            M.Karimi
28/08/1980   Tehran             S.Bassani (female)
28/08/1980   Tehran             M.T.Bahrami (non-commissioned officer)
29/08/1980   Tehran             A.Almasi (lieutenant)
29/09/1980   Tehran             H.Haleki (lieutenant)
29/08/1980   Tehran             M.R.Javadi (lieutenant)
29/08/1980   Tehran             H.Ahmadi (non-commissioned officer)
29/08/1980   Tehran             J.Ranjbar (non-commissioned officer)
30/08/1980   Tehran             A.Azizian (major)
30/08/1980   Tehran             R.Soltani (colonel)
30/08/1980   Tehran             A.Faria (colonel)
30/08/1980   Tehran             I.Derakhshandeh (non-commissioned officer)
30/08/1980   Tehran             M.Bahrami
30/08/1980   Tehran             S.Shahbeui (colonel)
30/08/1980   Tehran             I.Khalafbegi (major)
30/08/1980   Tehran             K.Keyvanfar
30/08/1980   Ahwaz              M.Borati (corporal)
30/08/1980   Ahwaz              I.Marvdashti (non-commissioned officer)
30/08/1980   Ahwaz              R.Yahyapasand (lieutenant)
30/08/1980   Ahwaz              M.A.Mehrabi (non-commissioned officer)
30/08/1980   Ahwaz              O.Atashboro
30/08/1980   Ahwaz              S.Sotoudeh
01/09/1980   Tehran             D.Asghari (officer)
01/09/1980   Tehran             D.Raastgu (lieutenant)
01/09/1980   Tehran             M.Fatahi-Nourdehi (non-commissioned officer)
03/09/1980   Ahwaz             M.Hokmabadtchi (sergeant)
03/09/1980   Ahwaz             E.Ostad-Nazari (lieutenant)
03/09/1980   Ahwaz             F.Reissi (lieutenant)
03/09/1980   Ahwaz             S.Dehgan (lieutenant)
09/09/1980   Tehran            M.Sayah (sergeant)
09/09/1980   Tehran            M.Rahbai-Nejad (lieutenant)
09/09/1980   Tehran            M.Tajvari (lieutenant)
09/09/1980   Tehran            B.Partovi (major)
09/09/1980   Tehran            H.Mostafavi 11/09/1980   Tehran            K.Atri
11/09/1980   Tehran            M.Sadeghi (colonel)
11/09/1980   Tehran            M.Sohaneki
11/09/1980   Tehran            N.Morovati (lieutenant)
11/09/1980   Tehran            N.Sajadi (non-commissioned officer)
11/09/1980   Tehran            A.Mohammad (soldier)
11/09/1980   Tehran            A.Shafigh (flight lieutenant)
16/09/1980   Tehran            M.Tabrizi-Khatun
16/09/1980   Tehran            E.Azadighaneh (non-commissioned officer)
16/09/1980   Tehran            M.Jalali-Ghajar (major)
16/09/1980   Tehran            S.Nour
13/071981    Tehran            M.Khadem
10/08/1981   Tehran            Amir-Tahmasbi (major)
10/08/1981   Tehran            A.Abdolmalek-Pour (colonel)
10/08/1981   Tehran            Didehvar (colonel)
10/08/1981   Tehran            Mohajeri
23/12/1981   Tehran            R.Marzban
23/12/1981   Tehran            A.Mohebi
30/01/1982   Tehran            A.Amir-Tahmasbi (colonel)
30/01/1982   Tehran            K.Yarahmadi
30/01/1982   Tehran            E.Seyrafi (colonel)
30/01/1982   Tehran            A.Foroughi (colonel)
30/01/1982   Tehran            A.Abdol-Malekpour
30/01/1982   Tehran            G.Rahimi (colonel)
30/01/1982   Tehran            M.Sabah (colonel)
30/01/1982   Tehran            G.Biglou
30/01/1982   Tehran            A.Mohajeri
30/01/1982   Tehran            M.Lotfzari
30/01/1982   Tehran            G.Naghib-Manesh
30/01/1982   Tehran            G.Didehvar (colonel)
30/01/1982   Tehran            G.Shahandeh-Ashtiani
30/01/1982   Tehran            M.Khashayar
11/09/1982   Tehran            R.Shahbakhti
11/09/1982   Tehran            H.Moghbelzadeh
 of these victims, none had the rights  of an accused as foreseen in  the Universal Declaration of  Human Rights Report on the Islamic Republic's Terrorism abroad
Since the advent of the Islamic Republic in Iran, terrorist attempts have targeted exiled Iranians as well as citizens
of other countries, condemned as heretics, around the world.  These attacks were ordered by the Islamic government of Iran.
1. In July 1980, Shapour Bakhtiar escapes an assassination attempt in Paris, France.  A French policeman and a     neighbor are killed and one policeman is seriously injured.
2. In July 1980, Ali Tabatabai is killed in Washington D.C., United States.
3. In 1981, Shahriar Shafigh is killed in Paris, France.
4. In January 1982, Shahrokh Missaghi is killed in Manila, Philippines.
5. In April 1982, a young German student is killed during the attack of the residence of Iranian students in Mainzer,
    Germany, by the pro-Iranian Hezbollah.
6. In June 1982, Shahram Mirani is fatally wounded in India.
7. In August 1982, Ahmad Zol-Anvar is fatally wounded in Karachi, Pakistan.
8. In September 1982, Abdolamir Rahdar is killed in India.
9. In 1982, Colonel Ahmad Hamed is killed in Istanbul, Turkey.
10. In February 1983, Esfandiar Rahimi is killed in Manila, Philippines.
11. In February 1984, Gholam-Ali Oveissi and his brother, Gholam-Hossein, are killed in Paris, France.
12. In August 1985, Behrouz Shahverdilou is killed in Istanbul, Turkey.
13. In December 1985, Hadi Aziz-Moradi is killed in Istanbul, Turkey.
14. In August 1986, Bijan Fazeli is killed in London, Great Britain.
15. In December 1986, Vali Mohammad Van is killed in Pakistan.
16. In January 1987, Ali-Akbar Mohammadi is killed in Hamburg, Germany.
17. In May 1987, Hamid Reza Chitgar disappears in Vienna, Austria and is found assassinated in July.
18. In July 1987, Faramarz-Aghaï¿½ and Ali-Reza Pourshafizadeh are killed and twenty-three persons       are wounded in residences of Iranian refugees Karachi and Quetta, Pakistan.
19. In July 1987, Amir-Hossein Amir-Parviz is seriously wounded by the explosion of a bomb placed in his car
      in London, England.
20. In July 1987, Mohammad-Hassan Mansouri is shot dead in his house Istanbul, Turkey.
21. In August 1987, Ahmad Moradi-Talebi is killed in Geneva, Switzerland.
22. In October 1987, Mohammad-Ali Tavakoli-Nabavi and his youngest son, Noureddin, are killed in       Wembley,  Great Britain.
23. In October 1987, Abol-Hassan Modjtahed-Zadeh is kidnapped in Istanbul, Turkey. 24. In December 1988, an Iranian refugee is assassinated in front of the headquarters of the United Nations High       Commissioner for Refugees in Karachi, Pakistan.
25. In June 1989, Ataollah Bay Ahmadi is killed in the Emirate of Dubai.
26. In July 1989, Abdol-Rahman Ghassemlou and Abdollah Ghaderi and Fazel Rassoul are killed in Vienna, Austria.
27. In August 1989, Gholam Keshavarz is killed in Cyprus.
28. In September 1989, Sadigh Kamangar is assassinated in the north of Iraq.
29. In September 1989, Hossein Keshavarz, victim of a terrorist attempt, is paralyzed for life.
30. In February 1990, Hadj Baloutch-Khan is killed by a terrorist commando in Pakistan.
31. In Mars 1990, Hossein Mir-Abedini is wounded by an armed commando in the airport of Istanbul, Turkey.
32. In April 1990, Kazem Radjavi is killed in Coppet, Switzerland.
33. In July 1990, Ali Kashefpour is kidnapped and killed in Turkey.
34. In September 1990, Efat Ghazi is killed in Sweden by a bomb intended for her husband.
35. In October 1990, Cyrus Elahi is killed in Paris, France.
36. In April 1991, Abdol-Rahman Boroumand is killed in Paris, France.
37. In July 1991, Alberto Capriolo is wounded in Milan, Italy.
38. In July 1991, Hitoshi Igarashi is killed in Tokyo, Japan.
39. In July 1991, Ahad Agha is killed in Suleimanya, iraq.
40. In August 1991, Shapour Bakhtiar and Soroush Katibeh are killed in Suresnes, France.
41. In September 1991, Saï¿½d Yazdan-Panah is fatally wounded in iraq.
42. In December 1991, Massoud Rajavi escapes a terrorist attempt in Baghdad, iraq.
43. In January 1992, Kamran Hedayati is wounded opening a letter bomb in Vastros, Sweden.  He looses his       sight and his hands.
44. In May 1992, Shapour Firouzi is killed in Iraq.
45. In July 1992, Kamran Mansour-Moghadam is killed in Suleymania, Iraq.
46. In August 1992, Fereydoun Farokhzad is killed in Bonn, Germany.
47. In September 1992, Sadegh Sharafkandi, Fatah Abdoli, Homayoun Ardalan and Nouri Dehkordi are killed in       Berlin, Germany.
48. In January 1993, Ugur Mumcu is killed in Ankara, Turkey.
49. In February 1993, the fundamentalist terrorists in Turkey admit to have kidnapped and killed Ali-Akbar Ghorbani
      who had disappeared in June 1992 in Turkey.
50. In March 1993, Mohammad-Hossein Naghdi is killed in Rome, Italy.
51. In June 1993, Mohammad-Hassan Arbab is killed in Karachi, Pakistan
52. In October 1993, Turkish fundamentalists admit having tortured and killed for Iranian officials, Abbas Gholizadeh
      who was kidnapped in Istanbul, Turkey in December 1992.
53. In November 1993, William Nygaard is wounded in Oslo, Norway.
54. In January, 1994, Taha Kermanj is killed in Corum, Turkey. 55. In August 1994, Ghafour Hamzei'i is killed in Baghdad, iraq.
56. In February 1996, Zahra Rajabi and Ali Moradi were killed in Istanbul, Turkey.
57. In March 1996, Ali Mollazadeh was killed in Karachi, Pakistan. 58. In May 1996, Reza Mazlouman ( Kourosh Aryamanesh) was killed in Paris, France.
Due to the lack of reliable information, this list of terrorist attempts is not exhaustive. Undoubtedly, since the advent of the Islamic Republic, the number of extra-judicial executions outside Iran, in particular in Pakistan, Turkey and Iraq is higher.  Also, this report deliberately leaves out well known terrorist attacks ordered by Tehran, such as: the hostage crisis of the US embassy in Tehran in 1979; the kidnapping of British, American and French citizens in Lebanon by pro-Iranian Hezbollah; the explosive attack on the American and French military headquarters
in Lebanon, which were publicly claimed by Mohsen Rafighdoust, then head of the Revolutionary Guards  ; the wave of terrorist bombing in Paris in 1986, which resulted in the death of 13 persons and the wounding of hundreds of others; the death sentence against Salman Rushdie for writing The Satanic Verses; and the Dahran terrorist attempts
that targeted the American military in Saudi Arabia.
Title: NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict
 [Email Reply] NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict
          by J. Orlin Grabbe
the U.S. regularly provided Iraq's Saddam Hussein with top-secret communication intercepts by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA).  Consider the evidence.
public relations firm of Hill & Knowlton ten million dollars to drum up American war fever against the evil dictator Hussein, it brought about the end of a long legacy of cooperation between the U.S. and Iraq.  Hill & Knowlton resurrected the World War I propaganda story about German soldiers roasting Belgian babies on bayonets, updated in the form of a confidential witness (actually the daughter of the Kuwaiti ambassador to the U.S.) who told Congress a tearful story of Iraqi soldiers taking Kuwaiti babies out of incubators and leaving them on the cold floor to die.  President George Bush then repeated this fabricated tale in speeches ten times over the next three days.
events is that, until then, Hussein had operated largely with U.S. approval.  This cooperation had spanned three successive administrations, starting with Jimmy Carter.  As noted by John R. MacArthur, "From 1980 to 1988, Hussein had shouldered the burden of killing about 150,000 Iranians, in addition to at least thirteen thousand of his own citizens, including several thousand unarmed Kurdish civilians, and in the process won the admiration and support of elements of three successive U.S. Administrations" [1].
good military intelligence.  The role of NSA in the conflict is an open secret in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia.  Only in this country has there been a relative news blackout, despite the fact that it was the U.S. administration that let the crypto cat out of the bag.  world on national television that the United States was reading Libyan communications.  This admission was part of a speech justifying the retaliatory bombing of Libya for its alleged involvement in the La Belle discotheque bombing in Berlin's Schoeneberg district, where two U.S. soldiers and a Turkish woman were killed, and 200 others injured. Reagan wasn't talking about American monitoring of Libyan news broadcasts. Rather, his "direct, precise, and undeniable proof"  referred to secret (encrypted) diplomatic communication between Tripoli and the Libyan embassy in East Berlin.
demonstration that it was also reading secret Iranian communications.  As reported in Switzerland's Neue Zurcher Zeitung,  the U.S. provided the contents of encrypted Iranian messages to France to assist in the conviction of Ali Vakili Rad and Massoud Hendi for the stabbing death in the Paris suburb of Suresnes of the former Iranian prime minister Shahpour Bakhtiar and his personal secretary Katibeh Fallouch. [2]
had both purchased cryptographic communication equipment from the Swiss firm Crypto AG. Crypto AG was founded in 1952 by the (Russian-born) Swedish cryptographer Boris Hagelin who located his company in  Zug.  Boris had created the "Hagelin-machine", a encryption device similar to the German "Enigma".  The Hagelin machine was used on the side of the Allies in World War II.
Switzerland was a neutral country. So Crypto AG's enciphering devices for voice communication and digital data networks were popular, and customers came from 130 countries. These included the Vatican, as well the governments of Iraq, Iran, and Libya.  Such countries were naturally skeptical of cryptographic devices sold in many NATO countries, so turned to relatively neutral Switzerland for communication security.
the leaks, when it arrested Hans Buehler, a top salesman for Crypto AG, in Teheran on March 18, 1992.  During his nine and a half months of solitary confinement in Evin prison in Teheran, Buehler was questioned again and again whether he had leaked Teheran's codes or Libya's keys to Western powers.  Luckily Buehler didn't know anything.  He in fact believed in his own sales pitch that Crypto AG was a neutral company and its equipment was the best.  They were Swiss, after all.  [3]
Buehler's release in January 1993, then promptly fired him once they had reassured themselves that he hadn't revealed anything important under interrogation, and because Buehler had begun to ask some embarrassing questions. Then reports appeared on Swiss television, Swiss Radio International, all the major Swiss papers, and in German magazines like Der Spiegel.  Had Crypto AG's equipment been spiked by Western intelligence services? the media wanted to know. The answer was Yes [4].
AG to a company in Liechtenstein, and from there back to a trust company in Munich. A witness appearing on Swiss television explained the real owner was the German government--the Federal Estates Administration. [5]
        According to Der Spiegel, all but 6 of the 6000 shares of Crypto AG were at one time owned by Eugen Freiberger, who resided in Munich and was head of the Crypto AG managing board in 1982. Another German, Josef Bauer, an authorized tax agent of the Muenchner Treuhandgesellschaft KPMG, and who was elected to the managing board in 1970, stated that his mandate had come from the German company Siemens.  Other members of Crypto AG's management had also worked at Siemens. Was the German secret service, the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND), hiding behind the Siemens' connection?
        So it would seem.  Der Spiegel reported that in October 1970, a secret meeting of the BND had discussed how the Swiss company Graettner could be guided into closer cooperation with Crypto AG, or could even merged with it. The BND additionally considered how "the Swedish company Ericsson could be influenced through Siemens to terminate its own cryptographic business." [6]
had to coordinate his developments with "people from Bad Godesberg". This was the location of the "central office for encryption affairs" of the BND, and the service instructed Crypto AG what algorithms to use to create the codes.  The employee also remembers an American "watcher", who strongly demanded the use of certain encryption methods.
often. A memorandum of  a secret workshop at Crypto AG in August 1975, where a new prototype of an encryption device was demonstrated, mentions the participation of Nora L. Mackebee, an NSA cryptographer. Motorola engineer Bob Newman says that Mackebee was introduced to him as a "consultant".  Motorola cooperated with Crypto AG in the seventies in developing a new generation of electronic encryption machines.   The Americans "knew Zug very well and gave travel tips to the Motorola people for the visit at Crypto AG," Newman told Der Spiegel.
AG enciphering process, developed in cooperation with the NSA and the German company Siemans, involved secretly embedding the decryption key in the cipher text.  Those who knew where to look could monitor the encrypted communication, then extract the decryption key that was also part of the transmission, and recover the plain text message.  Decryption of a message by a knowledgeable third party was not any more difficult than
it was for the intended receiver.  (More than one method was used.  Sometimes the algorithm was simply deficient, with built-in exploitable weaknesses.)
reports are ""pure invention".
Hussein exactly?  Answers to this question are currently being sought in a lawsuit against NSA in New Mexico, which has asked to see "all Iranian messages and translations between January 1, 1980 and June 10, 1996". intelligence to someone like Saddam Hussein brings up other questions.  Which dictator is the U.S. passing top secret messages to currently?  Jiang Zemin?  Boris Yeltsin?  NSA largess if he returns to the mass slaughter of Iranians?  What exactly is the purpose of NSA anyway?
[1] John R. MacArthur, Second Front: Censorship and Propaganda in the Gulf War, Hill and Wang, New York, [2] Some of the background of this assassination can be found in "The Tehran Connection," Time Magazine, March 21, 1994.
[3] The Buehler case is detailed in Res Strehle, Verschleusselt: der Fall Hans Beuhler, Werd Verlag, Zurich, 1994.  [4] "For years, NSA secretly rigged Crypto AG machines so that U.S. eavesdroppers could easily break their codes, according to former company employees whose story is supported by company documents,"  "No Such Agency, Part 4: Rigging the Game," The Baltimore Sun, December 4, 1995.
[5] Reported in programs about the Buehler case that were broadcast on Swiss Radio International on May 15, 1994 and July 18, 1994.
[6]  "Wer ist der befugte Vierte?":  Geheimdienste unterwandern den Schutz von Verschlusselungsgeraten," Der Spiegel 36, 1996.
[7] U.S. District Court for the District of New Mexico, William H. Payne, Arthur R. Morales, Plaintiffs, v. Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director of National Security Agency, National Security Agency, Defendant, CIV NO 97 0266 SC/DJS.
November 2, 1997
Web Page:

@_date: 1998-02-27 10:57:14
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: cyber FOIA/settlement e-mail 
Friday February 27, 1998 11:18 AM
By e-mail and US mail
Lieutenant General Kenneth A Minihan, USAF
Director, National Security Agency
National Security Agency
9800 Savage Road
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Dear General Minihan:
Purposes of the letter are to
1  request information under the Freedom of Information Act
2  explore settlement possibilities of our current lawsuit.
In about 1986 Sandia National Laboratories assigned me the task of  design and construction of a Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty seismic data authenticator.
In the initial stages of the project, Sandia cryptographer Gustavus Simmons attempted to convince both Sandia management and NSA employees Tom White, Mark Unkenholtz,
and Ed Georgio that a form of public key authentication should replace NSA employee Ronald Benincasaï¿½s National Seismic
Station/Unmaned Seismic Observatory 11-bit data authentication
My Sandia supervisor John Holovka and project leader H B [Jim]
Durham ordered me to write a paper explaining public key This paper,  RSA ENCRYPTION, along with my SAND report
describing my implementation of Benincasaï¿½s algorithm and
filings in our lawsuit, now appear on Internet at
 click CRYPTOME, then OpEd,
then Sandia explored the merits of switching from Benincasaï¿½s
algorithm to a public key-based authentication method suggested
by Simmons.
For Sandiaï¿½s evaluation of the merits of public key, electronic tagging,
and Bureau of Engraving and Printing projects ,  I bought for Sandia samples both the Cylink CY1024 and AT&T A & B two chip sets for
modulo m arithmetic computations.
NSA employee Tom White sent me a copy of the SECRET classified
NSA report on IBMï¿½s hardware public key chip FIREFLY.
I wrote in my tutorial paper
  RSA hardware computations
  The slow speed of software RSA computations plus the potential
  wide use prompted several companies to build chips which compute
  modular arithmetic to at least several hundred bits.  Most of
  these chips "cascade" to compute with a larger number of bits.
  Corporations involved in building these chips are
     1  IBM  Firefly
     2  AT&T
     3  Motorola (apparently a three chip set)
     4  Cylink   Pittway-First alert
     5  Sandia Labs (Algorithm M and predecessor chip)
  Details of the IBM chip is classified.  AT&T as of July 1987 has
  not released details of their chip.  Little information is
  available on the Motorola chip set.
  The Cylink chip is commercially available.  Its price dropped
  from $1,500 to $600 each in June 1987.  Data is transferred to
  and from the chip with serial shift register communication.
  The early Sandia chip was limited in speed.  The replacement
  chip is cascadeable, communicates with 8 or 16 bits parallel,
  matches the speed of the Cylink chip, but is not out of
  fabrication.
  Rumors circulate that there is about an order of magnitude
  performance difference between some of these chips.
  These hardware chips improve exponentiation speed about 3 orders
  of magnitude over software implementation benchmarked on an Intel
  8086 family microcomputer.
Whitfield Diffie writes about both the Cylink and Sandia chips.  And
is quoted at  Sandia had terrible luck with its public key chips.  I reported SOME of the troubles to Electronic Engineering Times editor
Loring Wirbel [ on March 23, 1994.
        Dr. John Wisniewski was a supervisor at Sandia's Center for
        Radiation-hardened Microelectronics.  Wisniewski was a graduate
        student at Washington State University in about 1975.  I was a
        professor at WSU.
        Wisniewski knows all about the failing Sandia chips in the
        arsenal.  I took notes on February 13, 1993.  Wisniewski
        the problems again for me.
             1    No quality initiative.  Each chip lot had a different
                  process.
             2    Overall yield - 40-50%.  Down to 10% after packaging.
             3    Metalization problems.  No planarization.  No flow of
                  glass.  Couldn't use high temperature.  Step coverage
                  problems.  Layed down over tension.  100% field
                  over several years.
             4    Sandia would store lots of parts for replacements.
        Sandia management made the decision to place low yield parts in
        the nuclear arsenal.  Sandia must meet DOD schedules management
        reasoned.  Hundreds of millions spent on CRM.  Sandia must show
        productivity.
        Wisniewski told me that low yield chip test survivors are those
        the tests failed to detect failures.  Wisniewski will talk.         6408.  Wisniewski now works for Intel in Oregon.  Have
        tell you about the fire in the CRM clean room!
Sandia supervisor Jerry Allen later told me it cost $300,000 each to
Sandiaï¿½s failing chips at Pantex from a nuclear bomb.
NSA apparently is biased toward hardware implementations of
and authentication algorithms.  As opposed to software implementation.
NSA representatives and Sandia management decided not to use a public
key authentication scheme for its CTBT seismic data authenticator
of all of the problems with implementing public key algorithms.
But NSA surely has spent MUCH MONEY on public key chip implementations.
NSA is promoting its Clipper crypto chips as described at
And we get some information about technical specifications of NSAï¿½s
chip at   Clipper Chip Information
  MYK-78 CLIPPER CHIP ENCRYPTION/DECRYPTION  ON A CHIP      1 micron double level metal CMOS technology      0.35 watts power      28 pin plastic leaded chip carrier (PLCC) package      Transistor to transistor logic (TTL) interface      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at
programming.      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at
programming           facility and are completely transparent to the
Therefore, Under the provision of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC 552, I am requesting access to: 1  Copies of all invoices from
to NSA for payments for developing ANY public key-related chips between
January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
2  Copies of all invoices to NSA from ANY corporation involved in
of ANY Clipper chip-related hardware between January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
The public has a right to know how much NSA spent on TRYING monoploize
the crypto
If there are any fees for searching for, or copying, the records I have requested, please inform me before you fill the request.
As you know, the Act permits you to reduce or waive the fees when the release of the information is considered as "primarily benefiting the
public."  I believe that this requests fits that category and I therefore ask that
you waive any fees.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific
exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and
inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me
under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible,
and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law
With respect to our current FOIA lawsuit, I feel that we should settle
unfortunate matter.
I see from your biography at   and
 that you are
         1979   Distinguished Graduate
         Master of Arts degree in National Security Affairs          Naval Postgraduate School          Monterey, California
One of my former M.S. and Ph.D students in Computer Science,
Ted Lewis, is currently the chairman of Computer Science at
Naval Postgraduate School [
Small world.
But I think that this emphasizes that WE SHOULD all be on the same side.
Not engaged in a conflict in US federal court.  Or on Internet.
NSA attempts to withhold requested information are possibly unwise.  In our wired world the aggrieved know what happened to them.
And moderates in Iran,  appear
settlement too.
My family and I have been damaged by these crypto wars.
I ask you that consider fair settlement of damages caused by the
Security Agency.
I cannot find your e-mail address on Internet.
Therefore I will forward the e-mail copy of this FOIA/settlement letter
to Ray Kammer of NIST [ who along with the FBI [  and NSA are trying to control the crypto business so that Kammer can possibly
forward an e-mail copy of the FOIA/Settlement letter to you.
William Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias
Albuquerque, NM 87111
505-292-7037 [I am not reading e-mail]

@_date: 1998-02-27 16:55:52
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: With Respect to the Japanese 
Friday 2/27/98 5:27 PM
After Sandia unloaded on me for TRYING to be friendly with a Japanese [and perhaps other things too] , I enrolled in the UNM US-Japan program.
One of the professors in the program is Jack Condon.
   name: John Carl Condon
   work_phone: 505 277-5811
   title: Professor
   organization: Communication & Journalism
   org_address: C & J Building
Condon teaches both at the University of New Mexico and
a Japanese University.
Condon is a very nice touchy-feely-type person.
Condon wrote [amazon.com]
                            With Respect to the Japanese
                            by John C. Condon
                            List: $12.95
                            Our Price: $12.95
                            Availability: This title is currently on
back order. We do
                            not have a reprint date for this title, but
we expect to be
                            able to ship it to you within 3-5 weeks.
                            Paperback
                            Published by Intercultural Press
                            Publication date: June 1983
                            ISBN: 0933662491
Condon told our class,
   The US does not do very well without an enemy.
So.  Letï¿½s do OUR BEST to insure that that US does
not do very well, at least with Iran.
And Merat, another of my former Ph D students in Computer
Science is
   name: John Sobolewski
   work_phone: 505 277-8125
        title: Assoc VP,Info Technology
  organization: CIRT - Administration
  org_address: 2701 Campus Blvd NE
  email: jssob at unm.edu
Let's all hope this mess gets settled.
Title: UNM Computer and Information Resources and Technology (CIRT)
How to get quick help: Answers to frequently asked questions, Help Desk, publications and documentation, who to contact, CIRT hours.
What CIRT can do for you: Details about our services such as computing
facilities (pods), help desk, consulting, hardware maintenance, security,
software distribution, computer accounts, training, conference support and much more.
ï¿½Quï¿½ Pasa?
What's happening at CIRT: Announcements, important systems news, scheduled system availability,
major projects we've undertaken, technical directions and job opportunities.
About CIRT
Who we are and how we are organized: Our mission and vision, a map
of the CIRT building, CIRT group organization, the annual report,
our system configurations and standards.
Send us your ideas on how CIRT can improve services to the UNM community!
Comments to CIRT Publications: docs at unm.edu
Last Revised: 10/28/97
The University of New Mexico
Albuquerque, New Mexico USA
Copyright ï¿½ 1995 The University of New Mexico.
Title: Welcome to the Japan America Society of New Mexico
JAPAN AMERICA SOCIETY OF
        NEW MEXICO
Ohayoo Gozaimasu! Greetings and welcome to the Web site of
the Japan America Society of New
Mexico. The Board of Directors
and the Membership extend to you our desire that you visit the
"Land of Enchantment" and sample the
"chili-hot" welcome and hospitality shown here. The
vistas are broad; the cuisine superb. In a multi-cultural
environment, we embrace all that is the state, and wait to enfold
you as well! Please enjoy. Yoroshiku, onegai shimasu!
BACKGROUND AND MISSION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
CONTACT INFORMATION
FUTURE EVENTS
PAST EVENTS
        ï¿½
        ï¿½
        ï¿½
        ï¿½
Friday February 27, 1998 3:15 PM
By e-mail and US mail
Lieutenant General Kenneth A Minihan, USAF
Director, National Security Agency
National Security Agency
9800 Savage Road
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Dear General Minihan:
Purposes of the letter are to
1  request information under the Freedom of Information Act
2  explore settlement possibilities of our current lawsuit.
In about 1986 Sandia National Laboratories assigned me the task of  design and construction of a Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty seismic data authenticator.
In the initial stages of the project, Sandia cryptographer Gustavus Simmons attempted to convince both Sandia management and NSA employees Tom White, Mark Unkenholtz,
and Ed Georgio that a form of public key authentication should replace NSA employee Ronald Benincasa's National Seismic
Station/Unmaned Seismic Observatory 11-bit data authentication
My Sandia supervisor John Holovka and project leader H B [Jim]
Durham ordered me to write a paper explaining public key This paper,  RSA ENCRYPTION, along with my SAND report
describing my implementation of Benincasa's algorithm and
filings in our lawsuit, now appear on Internet at
 click CRYPTOME, then OpEd,
then Sandia explored the merits of switching from Benincasa's
algorithm to a public key-based authentication method suggested
by Simmons.
For Sandia's evaluation of the merits of public key, electronic tagging,
and Bureau of Engraving and Printing projects ,  I bought for Sandia samples both the Cylink CY1024 and AT&T A & B two chip sets for
modulo m arithmetic computations.
NSA employee Tom White sent me a copy of the SECRET classified
NSA report on IBM's hardware public key chip FIREFLY.
I wrote in my tutorial paper
  RSA hardware computations
  The slow speed of software RSA computations plus the potential
  wide use prompted several companies to build chips which compute
  modular arithmetic to at least several hundred bits.  Most of
  these chips "cascade" to compute with a larger number of bits.
  Corporations involved in building these chips are
     1  IBM  Firefly
     2  AT&T
     3  Motorola (apparently a three chip set)
     4  Cylink   Pittway-First alert
     5  Sandia Labs (Algorithm M and predecessor chip)
  Details of the IBM chip is classified.  AT&T as of July 1987 has
  not released details of their chip.  Little information is
  available on the Motorola chip set.
  The Cylink chip is commercially available.  Its price dropped
  from $1,500 to $600 each in June 1987.  Data is transferred to
  and from the chip with serial shift register communication.
  The early Sandia chip was limited in speed.  The replacement
  chip is cascadeable, communicates with 8 or 16 bits parallel,
  matches the speed of the Cylink chip, but is not out of
  fabrication.
  Rumors circulate that there is about an order of magnitude
  performance difference between some of these chips.
  These hardware chips improve exponentiation speed about 3 orders
  of magnitude over software implementation benchmarked on an Intel
  8086 family microcomputer.
Whitfield Diffie writes about both the Cylink and Sandia chips.  And
is quoted at  Sandia had terrible luck with its public key chips.  I reported SOME of the troubles to Electronic Engineering Times editor Loring Wirbel [ on March 23, 1994.
        Dr. John Wisniewski was a supervisor at Sandia's Center for
        Radiation-hardened Microelectronics.  Wisniewski was a graduate
        student at Washington State University in about 1975.  I was a
        professor at WSU.
        Wisniewski knows all about the failing Sandia chips in the nuclear
        arsenal.  I took notes on February 13, 1993.  Wisniewski reviewed
        the problems again for me.
             1    No quality initiative.  Each chip lot had a different
                  process.
             2    Overall yield - 40-50%.  Down to 10% after packaging.
             3    Metalization problems.  No planarization.  No flow of
                  glass.  Couldn't use high temperature.  Step coverage
                  problems.  Layed down over tension.  100% field returns
                  over several years.
             4    Sandia would store lots of parts for replacements.
        Sandia management made the decision to place low yield parts in
        the nuclear arsenal.  Sandia must meet DOD schedules management
        reasoned.  Hundreds of millions spent on CRM.  Sandia must show
        productivity.
        Wisniewski told me that low yield chip test survivors are those           whichthe tests failed to detect failures.  Wisniewski will talk.          503-625-6408.  Wisniewski now works for Intel in Oregon.  Have         Wisniewski tell you about the fire in the CRM clean room!
Sandia supervisor Jerry Allen later told me it cost $300,000 each to remove
Sandia's failing chips at Pantex from a nuclear bomb.
NSA apparently is biased toward hardware implementations of cryptographic
and authentication algorithms.  As opposed to software implementation.
NSA representatives and Sandia management decided not to use a public
key authentication scheme for its CTBT seismic data authenticator because
of all of the problems with implementing public key algorithms.
But NSA surely has spent MUCH MONEY on public key chip implementations.
NSA is promoting its Clipper crypto chips as described at And we get some information about technical specifications of NSA's Clipper
chip at   Clipper Chip Information
  MYK-78 CLIPPER CHIP ENCRYPTION/DECRYPTION  ON A CHIP      1 micron double level metal CMOS technology      0.35 watts power      28 pin plastic leaded chip carrier (PLCC) package      Transistor to transistor logic (TTL) interface      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at      programming.      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at programming                facility and are completely transparent to the user.
Therefore, Under the provision of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC 552, I am requesting access to: 1  Copies of all invoices from
to NSA for payments for developing ANY public key-related chips between January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
2  Copies of all invoices to NSA from ANY corporation involved in of ANY Clipper chip-related hardware between January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
The public has a right to know how much NSA spent on TRYING monoploize the crypto business.
If there are any fees for searching for, or copying, the records I have requested, please inform me before you fill the request.
As you know, the Act permits you to reduce or waive the fees when the release of the information is considered as "primarily benefiting the I believe that this requests fits that category and I therefore ask that you waive any fees.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law stipulates.
With respect to our current FOIA lawsuit, I feel that we should settle this
unfortunate matter.
I see from your biography at   and
 that you are
         1979   Distinguished Graduate
         Master of Arts degree in National Security Affairs          Naval Postgraduate School          Monterey, California
One of my former M.S. and Ph.D students in Computer Science,
Ted Lewis, is currently the chairman of Computer Science at
Naval Postgraduate School [
Small world.
But I think that this emphasizes that WE SHOULD all be on the same side.
Not engaged in a conflict in US federal court.  Or on Internet.
NSA attempts to withhold requested information are possibly unwise.  In our wired world the aggrieved know what happened to them.
[ And moderates in Iran, [ appear want settlement too.
My family and I have been damaged by these crypto wars.
I ask you that consider fair settlement of damages caused by the National
Security Agency.
I cannot find your e-mail address on Internet.
Therefore I will forward the e-mail copy of this FOIA/settlement letter to Ray Kammer of NIST [ who along with the FBI [  and NSA are trying to control the crypto business so that Kammer can possibly
forward an e-mail copy of the FOIA/Settlement letter to you.
William Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias
Albuquerque, NM 87111
505-292-7037 [I am not reading e-mail]

@_date: 1998-02-28 15:52:54
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: cyber FOIA/settlement e-mail 
God, what a nut!
Friday February 27, 1998 11:18 AM
By e-mail and US mail
Lieutenant General Kenneth A Minihan, USAF
Director, National Security Agency
National Security Agency
9800 Savage Road
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Dear General Minihan:
Purposes of the letter are to
1  request information under the Freedom of Information Act
2  explore settlement possibilities of our current lawsuit.
.... etc. shit deleted.

@_date: 1998-02-28 18:59:06
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Chemical, Biological, or Radiation (CBR) weapons 
Saturday 2/28/98 7:22 PM
Tim May
Just saw your stuff at jya.com.
Got in the mail today    Volume 9, Number 4, 1997
  MILITARY PSYCHOLOGY
  The Official Journal of the   Division of Military Psychology
  American Psychological Association
  Special Issue:  Effects of Chemical Protective
                  Clothing of Military Performance
  Guest Editors:  Gerald P. Krueger and
                  Louis E. Banderet
Iï¿½ll transcribe some of the text.
The US government drugs soldiers before they go into battle.
Trust me.
Banderet was ANOTHER of my Ph. D. students.
Title: HP Crypto Export
28 February 1998
February 28, 1998
Hewlett-Packard Granted License For Encryption System By Peter Wayner The Commerce Department has granted Hewlett-Packard an export license for
its VerSecure encryption architecture allowing the company and its
licensees to export strong encryption tools, the company announced Friday.
The catch is that the products must take their orders from a central
computer system that will dictate how all the products will behave in each
country. The company hopes that the solution would break the deadlock between the
Clinton Administration, which continues to restrict the export of secure
computer technology throughout the world, and the computer industry, which
contends that foreigners are not interested in buying products that don't
protect their secrets. The new solution effectively disconnects the problem of distributing
encryption technology from the process of determining the policy for
government access to information. The heart is a new class of trusted
hardware cards and chips that take their orders from a central company
known as a Security Domain Authority or SDA. In countries, like France,
that require people to keep a record of keys for unlocking data, the SDA
would only allow the computers to encrypt information if it complied with
the laws. In countries with no laws about encryption usage like the United
States, Germany and Great Britain, the SDA would allow users to encrypt in
whatever manner they choose. Hewlett-Packard sees the solution as a win for the industry, which will be
able to build one set of hardware and software that can be shipped
throughout the world. The SDA's will set the local rules because the
computers will not encrypt information without first getting permission
from the SDA.
Doug McGowan, one of the director of Hewlett-Packard's efforts, said in a
telephone interview, "Never before has a general purpose cryptography tool
been exportable from the United States, with or without key recovery. We're
opening a huge market for American industry to enable commerce on a
worldwide basis." The price for this flexibility is the need for specialized hardware that
treats the SDA as its master. In an ordinary computer, the owner can
control all aspects of what the computer does. This extra hardware will
raise the price of machines and is bound to be more expensive than software
which can be distributed at minimal cost. Feisal Mosleh, a business development manager at Hewlett-Packard, pointed
out that specialized hardware can offer faster performance and more
security. "It is very hardware-specific with the flexibility of software
and that gives us a lot of strength in terms of tamper resistance" he said
in a phone interview.
Many security experts continue to point out that general-use microcomputers
and their operating systems are dangerously insecure. In one recent attack,
hackers were able to begin transfers from a bank account by manipulating
accounting software. Off-loading the process to specialized hardware makes
it simpler to ensure that the system is secure because the special hardware
has only one job.
Hewlett-Packard says that it is licensing the architecture to a number of
different computer vendors and announced that IBM, Motorola, CertCo,
Trusted Information System, Microsoft and RSA Data Securities had already
signed licenses. The vendors will be free to choose how they implement the
special computer hardware, but most will probably use firmware with an
embedded microprocessor. The initial version will reportedly include DES,
tripleDES, RSA, RC2, RC4 and DiffieHellman algorithms. Each of these
solutions can be sped up by specialized hardware, but only a general
microprocessor can handle all of them with equal agility. The specialized hardware will also be tamper-proof to prevent people from
circumventing the commands of the SDA. When an encryption card is first
started up, it cannot begin working until it has received instructions from
an SDA in its country. This information is contained in a "policy token."
Joe Beyers, general manager of Hewlett-Packard's Internet Software business
unit, explained, "The token says, 'You can use this amount of key, this
amount of strength for this amount of time.'"
Beyers went on to say, "The aspect of time allows the government to evolve
their policy. Time limits are one of the attributes that made it attractive
to the U.S. government." It would be possible for a government to change
policy with the system from time to time, perhaps forcing citizens to use
long keys in time of war to protect themselves and then relaxing the policy
after peace emerged. In the current plan, policy tokens would be good for one year, forcing
computers to re-register with an SDA in order to keep working. The SDA
would have no control of a token after it was issued and would only be able
to change policies at the renewal. The relationship between the SDA and the key recovery program is more
difficult to describe. The SDA would not keep any records of any keys that
would allow the police to eavesdrop on calls. But the policy tokens would
force the embedded hardware to obey the local laws that might include key
recovery. The FBI has asked Congress to mandate key recovery systems that
give it clear access to all communications. The yearly interrogation between the SDA and the individual computers does
not mean that the system will be foolproof. Someone could simply carry a
laptop from a country that allows personal privacy to a country with more
invasive laws and use it freely until the policy token runs out. Also, it
may be possible to spoof the token authorization procedure by pretending
that the request came from one country instead of another. Some critics found the use of special hardware to be problematic. Jim
Lucier, a policy analyst for the Americans for Tax Reform, a Republican
think tank, pointed out that specialized hardware was ignored by the
marketplace in the past. "None of it ever works" he said, "because the more
obvious solution, which is end-to-end encryption, is already there."
Lucier also pointed out that specialized hardware is more complicated to
engineer and much more expensive to distribute than software. "Atoms cost
more than bits, it just comes down to that," he said. In a press conference
Friday morning, Beyers promised that the new hardware was "months, not
years away" and also promised that the hardware costs would be as low as
possible. Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center,
suggested that replacing the current export control bureaucracy with a
network of SDA's was not a significant advance. "Government efforts to
regulate crypto will only slow the development of commerce," he said.
In fact, the decision by the United States government to grant a license to
Hewlett-Packard's architecture is far from liberating. Companies making
VerSecure products can only ship them to countries approved by the United
States government, a list which at this time is limited to the United
Kingdom, Germany, France, Denmark and Australia. More countries will become
open if and when they create an SDA infrastructure that is acceptable to
the United States. Hewlett-Packard has gone to great lengths to prevent rogue nations from
setting up their own unauthorized SDA's by cloning hardware. The
infrastructure uses CertCo's secure certificate servers to restrict the
ability to create the software necessary to build the tokens. Beyers says
that no one person at Hewlett-Packard has the ability to do this in order
to reduce the potential for corruption and theft.
Hewlett-Packard is also working heavily with foreign countries to assure
them that the system does not include back doors that might be accessible
by the United States government. Beyers said that the company had retained
an international group of cryptographic experts to vet the system and allay
any fears of hidden back doors. A press release from Hewlett-Packard quoted William A. Reinsch,
undersecretary of commerce, as saying, "We are pleased to support HP's
effort to develop and market encryption products that encourage the use of
key recovery in providing robust, secure encryption. This approval and our
ongoing dialogue with the industry are consistent with the Clinton
Administration's goal of allowing the market to develop recoverable
encryption products."
Peter Wayner at pwayner at nytimes.com welcomes your comments and suggestions.
Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company Until, of course, the U.S. changes its policy.
A constant danger with any of these "solutions" is that they make later
imposition of controls so much easier. Consider the implications of
widespread deployment of the HP-type system (which, BTW, I don't think will
happen in the U.S., or elsewhere).
A simple change in the law and all new tokens (and they must be renewed
yearly, so says HP) will implement the new law.
The camel's nose in the tent strategy.
The HP/IBM product is perniciously evil and should be fought with all
technical and memetic means.
--Tim May
Just Say No to "Big Brother Inside"
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
ComSec 3DES:   408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^3,021,377   | black markets, collapse of governments.
Title: Untitled Document
Viewing this page requires a browser capable of displaying frames.
Friday February 27, 1998 3:15 PM
By e-mail and US mail
Lieutenant General Kenneth A Minihan, USAF
Director, National Security Agency
National Security Agency
9800 Savage Road
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Dear General Minihan:
Purposes of the letter are to
1  request information under the Freedom of Information Act
2  explore settlement possibilities of our current lawsuit.
In about 1986 Sandia National Laboratories assigned me the task of  design and construction of a Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty seismic data authenticator.
In the initial stages of the project, Sandia cryptographer Gustavus Simmons attempted to convince both Sandia management and NSA employees Tom White, Mark Unkenholtz,
and Ed Georgio that a form of public key authentication should replace NSA employee Ronald Benincasa's National Seismic
Station/Unmaned Seismic Observatory 11-bit data authentication
My Sandia supervisor John Holovka and project leader H B [Jim]
Durham ordered me to write a paper explaining public key This paper,  RSA ENCRYPTION, along with my SAND report
describing my implementation of Benincasa's algorithm and
filings in our lawsuit, now appear on Internet at
 click CRYPTOME, then OpEd,
then Sandia explored the merits of switching from Benincasa's
algorithm to a public key-based authentication method suggested
by Simmons.
For Sandia's evaluation of the merits of public key, electronic tagging,
and Bureau of Engraving and Printing projects ,  I bought for Sandia samples both the Cylink CY1024 and AT&T A & B two chip sets for
modulo m arithmetic computations.
NSA employee Tom White sent me a copy of the SECRET classified
NSA report on IBM's hardware public key chip FIREFLY.
I wrote in my tutorial paper
  RSA hardware computations
  The slow speed of software RSA computations plus the potential
  wide use prompted several companies to build chips which compute
  modular arithmetic to at least several hundred bits.  Most of
  these chips "cascade" to compute with a larger number of bits.
  Corporations involved in building these chips are
     1  IBM  Firefly
     2  AT&T
     3  Motorola (apparently a three chip set)
     4  Cylink   Pittway-First alert
     5  Sandia Labs (Algorithm M and predecessor chip)
  Details of the IBM chip is classified.  AT&T as of July 1987 has
  not released details of their chip.  Little information is
  available on the Motorola chip set.
  The Cylink chip is commercially available.  Its price dropped
  from $1,500 to $600 each in June 1987.  Data is transferred to
  and from the chip with serial shift register communication.
  The early Sandia chip was limited in speed.  The replacement
  chip is cascadeable, communicates with 8 or 16 bits parallel,
  matches the speed of the Cylink chip, but is not out of
  fabrication.
  Rumors circulate that there is about an order of magnitude
  performance difference between some of these chips.
  These hardware chips improve exponentiation speed about 3 orders
  of magnitude over software implementation benchmarked on an Intel
  8086 family microcomputer.
Whitfield Diffie writes about both the Cylink and Sandia chips.  And
is quoted at  Sandia had terrible luck with its public key chips.  I reported SOME of the troubles to Electronic Engineering Times editor Loring Wirbel [ on March 23, 1994.
        Dr. John Wisniewski was a supervisor at Sandia's Center for
        Radiation-hardened Microelectronics.  Wisniewski was a graduate
        student at Washington State University in about 1975.  I was a
        professor at WSU.
        Wisniewski knows all about the failing Sandia chips in the nuclear
        arsenal.  I took notes on February 13, 1993.  Wisniewski reviewed
        the problems again for me.
             1    No quality initiative.  Each chip lot had a different
                  process.
             2    Overall yield - 40-50%.  Down to 10% after packaging.
             3    Metalization problems.  No planarization.  No flow of
                  glass.  Couldn't use high temperature.  Step coverage
                  problems.  Layed down over tension.  100% field returns
                  over several years.
             4    Sandia would store lots of parts for replacements.
        Sandia management made the decision to place low yield parts in
        the nuclear arsenal.  Sandia must meet DOD schedules management
        reasoned.  Hundreds of millions spent on CRM.  Sandia must show
        productivity.
        Wisniewski told me that low yield chip test survivors are those           whichthe tests failed to detect failures.  Wisniewski will talk.          503-625-6408.  Wisniewski now works for Intel in Oregon.  Have         Wisniewski tell you about the fire in the CRM clean room!
Sandia supervisor Jerry Allen later told me it cost $300,000 each to remove
Sandia's failing chips at Pantex from a nuclear bomb.
NSA apparently is biased toward hardware implementations of cryptographic
and authentication algorithms.  As opposed to software implementation.
NSA representatives and Sandia management decided not to use a public
key authentication scheme for its CTBT seismic data authenticator because
of all of the problems with implementing public key algorithms.
But NSA surely has spent MUCH MONEY on public key chip implementations.
NSA is promoting its Clipper crypto chips as described at And we get some information about technical specifications of NSA's Clipper
chip at   Clipper Chip Information
  MYK-78 CLIPPER CHIP ENCRYPTION/DECRYPTION  ON A CHIP      1 micron double level metal CMOS technology      0.35 watts power      28 pin plastic leaded chip carrier (PLCC) package      Transistor to transistor logic (TTL) interface      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at      programming.      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at programming                facility and are completely transparent to the user.
Therefore, Under the provision of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC 552, I am requesting access to: 1  Copies of all invoices from
to NSA for payments for developing ANY public key-related chips between January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
2  Copies of all invoices to NSA from ANY corporation involved in of ANY Clipper chip-related hardware between January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
The public has a right to know how much NSA spent on TRYING monoploize the crypto business.
If there are any fees for searching for, or copying, the records I have requested, please inform me before you fill the request.
As you know, the Act permits you to reduce or waive the fees when the release of the information is considered as "primarily benefiting the I believe that this requests fits that category and I therefore ask that you waive any fees.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law stipulates.
With respect to our current FOIA lawsuit, I feel that we should settle this
unfortunate matter.
I see from your biography at   and
 that you are
         1979   Distinguished Graduate
         Master of Arts degree in National Security Affairs          Naval Postgraduate School          Monterey, California
One of my former M.S. and Ph.D students in Computer Science,
Ted Lewis, is currently the chairman of Computer Science at
Naval Postgraduate School [
Small world.
But I think that this emphasizes that WE SHOULD all be on the same side.
Not engaged in a conflict in US federal court.  Or on Internet.
NSA attempts to withhold requested information are possibly unwise.  In our wired world the aggrieved know what happened to them.
[ And moderates in Iran, [ appear want settlement too.
My family and I have been damaged by these crypto wars.
I ask you that consider fair settlement of damages caused by the National
Security Agency.
I cannot find your e-mail address on Internet.
Therefore I will forward the e-mail copy of this FOIA/settlement letter to Ray Kammer of NIST [ who along with the FBI [  and NSA are trying to control the crypto business so that Kammer can possibly
forward an e-mail copy of the FOIA/Settlement letter to you.
William Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias
Albuquerque, NM 87111
505-292-7037 [I am not reading e-mail]

@_date: 1998-02-28 21:11:32
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: chemical, biological, or radiation (CBR) weapons 
Saturday 2/28/98 9:44 PM
I transcribe some of what I got in the mail today.
Volume 9, Number 4, 1997
  MILITARY PSYCHOLOGY
  The Official Journal of the   Division of Military Psychology
  American Psychological Association
  Special Issue:  Effects of Chemical Protective
                  Clothing of Military Performance
  Guest Editors:  Gerald P. Krueger and
                  Louis E. Banderet
         Psychological Aspects of Chemical Defense and Warfare
  Concerns about chemical, biological, or radiation (CBR) weapons  and   their potential for warfare can be very stressful.  Such concerns
  people to unfamiliar threats in highly ambiguous situations, in which   people feel they may be wronged or they are helpless.  Maladaptive
  psychological overreactions or underreactions may result.  Such
  to chemical warfare are illustrated with the experience from World War
  the 1991 Persian Gulf War, and the 1995 terrorist attack in the Tokyo
  subway.  General principles of psychology suggest strategies and
tactics for
  training and materiel development that should enhance military
  and reduce maladaptive stress in CBR threat situations.  Some of these
  may be relevant to nonmilitary law enforcement and relief agencies
that manage
  CBR threats.
page 395.
Now I transcribe some of the more relevant stuff.
  Effects of Chemical Protective Clothing on Military Performance:
  A Review of the Issues
  Gerald P. Krueger
  Star Mountain, Inc.
  Alexandria, Virginia
  Lous E. Banderet
  U.S. Army Research Institute of Environmental Medicine
  Natick, Massachusetts
  This review in this special issue of Military Psychology on the
effects of chemical
  protective clothing (CPC) on military performance provide a historical
  on continued anxieties over likely use of battlefield
chemical-biological weapons and
  summarizes significant concerns of military personnel weaning CPC in
training and
  combat.  This review describes pschophysiological stresses such
protective ensembles
  have on personnel and how these affect military performance, and it
summarizes major
  military psychological research program on the effect of wearing CPC. This article
  reviews what is known about wearing CPC, describes future CPC
developments, and   identifies domains for improved military training with CPC.
              MEDICAL AND PSYCHOLOGICAL EFFECT               OF C-B WEAPONS
  There are many medical, physiological and psychological reactions from
exposure to
  chemical-biological (C-B) weapons.  Many bio-warfare agents and most
chemical weapons
  are designed to interfere with function of the nervous system and to
disrupt normal control
  of vital organ systems that sustain life.  For example,  the more
common chemical war
  nerve agents involve organophosphate compounds,  similar to
insecticides, that inhibit   cholinesterase enzymes throughout the body.  Because cholinesterase
hydrolyzes   acetylcholine where ever liberated, this inhibition  results in
excessive concentrations of   acetylcholine at various sites - from the ending of the
parasympathetic nerves to smooth
  muscles of the iris, ciliary body, bronchi, gastrointestinal trace,
bladder, and blood  vessels;
  to secretary gland of the respiratory tractï¿½ and to endings of the
sympathetic nerves to sweat
  glands (Newhouse, 1987; Simmons et at 1989).  Exposure to large
amounts of nerve agent
  may lead to loss of muscle control, twitching, paralysis,
unconsciousness, convulsions,
  coma, and even death.  The most common cause of death after acute
exposure is respiratory
  arrest.  Death may occur within minutes or take several hours.
     In terms of psychological functioning, moderate but nonlethal
exposure to nerve agent   produces severe impairment in cognition, vigilance, memory and
language.  Acute
  intoxication produces confusion, drowsiness, and difficulty in
concentration (Newhouse,
  1987).  These impairment make it difficult to continue to perform may
soldier tasks.
  Effects on cognition may persist after only a slight exposure. Performance improvement
  appears to correlate with the bodyï¿½s regeneration of
acetycholinesterase, usually requiring
  several months.
    Neurophysychological testing (Newhouse, 1987) reveals that chronic
exposure to   organophosphates significantly impairs higher mental function
requiring use of the frontal
  lobes, particularly the left lobe.  Organophosphate poisoning
selectively  impairs memory of   recently learned information, and this impairment is likely related to
cholinergic involvement
  in the memory processes.  The effects include defects in long-term
memory, visual searching,
  and response alteration - effects similar to those caused by a frontal
lobotomy.  In chronically
  exposed individuals, speed of task performance and overall cognitive
efficiency also declines.
  Persistent visual impairments are reported in workers poisoned with
anticholinesterase   insecticides, and acute poisoning impair oculomotor function. Poisoning with nerve agents may
  also cause psychiatric disturbances such as depression.
    Use of C-B weapons results not only in large number of physical
casualties on the battlefield
  by in may psychological casualties as well.  Concern over the mere
threat that C-B weapons   might be used raises battlefield anxiety of combatants and can produce
a level of fear   disproportionate to that evoked by countless alternative conventional
battlefield means of
  killing or maiming, such a with guns, artillery, and bombs.  Such
anxieties can create large
  numbers of psychological stress casualties contribution to unit
ineffectiveness on the battlefield
  and combat losses.  Such adverse emotions may also cause posttraumatic
stress disorders after
  combat ceases.
   Modern military forces recognize the C-B weapons can be the
attention-getting equivalent
  of a poor countryï¿½s nuclear weapons.  Such weapons can be
counter-acted, however, and
  concerned nations prepare their forces to preserve their health and
safety against C-B
  warfare.   ...
I will send a complete copy to John Young.
So I skip to the next section.
  Although biological warfare was used centuries ago by the Romans and
was used in the
  14th century by the Tartars, who catapulted plague-infected bodies
into cities under
  siege (Hewish, 1997),  military forces have made scant use of
biological warfare in modern
  times.  The more recent innovation of chemical warfare dates to 1914
when the French used
  tear gas against unprotected German forces, who in turn introduced
chlorine and phosgene
  in 1915 and mustard gas in 1917 against the British, who sustained
14,000 casualties in
  3 months (Hewish, 1997).  May World Ware I soldiers were grotesquely
injured or died in gas
  war trenches in France and Russia;  Russiaï¿½s gas casualties exceed a
half million, including
  50,000 fatalities (Westerhoff, 1980).
    In 1925, many countries signed a Geneva Protocol prohibiting first
use of chemical and
  bacteriological weapons.  However, during the 1930s, several
countries, notably Germany,
  encouraged chemists to develop chemical weapons as a by-product of
insecticide research
  production.  By World War II, Germany and powers stockpiled huge
caches of chemical, but
  probably due to fear of in-kind retaliation, chemical weapons were not
used in World War II.
  After the war, Germanyï¿½s organophoshporous arsenal fell into Russian
hands, and for the next
  50 years, military forces relegated C-B warfare efforts to relatively
quiet development programs
  for future battlefields.
    Since World War II, C-B weapons have been employed several times on
a relatively small
  scale.  In the 1970s, the Vietnamese used chemical and ï¿½yellow rainï¿½
biological agents in   Cambodian jungles, the Soviets used chemical in Afghanistan (U.S.
Department of State,
  1980), Iraq used sulfur mustard  and other chemical in the Iran-Iraq
conflict (1979-1980),
  and Iraq used chemical in 1980 - this time against its own people, the
northern Kurds   (Studeville, 1997).
    There have been periodic threats to use chemical weapons on a grand
scale.  In the   1970s, the Warsaw Pact possessed huge stockpiles of chemical weapons (
mostly soman,
  cyanide, and mustard gas), and Soviet chemical warfare teams openly
conducted extensive
  training in gas warfare tactics.  Such readiness for large scale C-B
warfare was underscored   in the Persian Gulf War of 1991, as Iraq threatened to use chemical
(sarin) and biologicals
  (anthrax spores) against coalition forces and possibly against
neighboring cities in Saudi   Arabia and Israel (Begley, Barry,  & Hager, 1991).  By January 1991,
Saudi Arabia had
  predug 50,000 graves planned for burying civilian (noncombat)
casualties expected to   succumb to Iraqi chemical poisoning from anticipated rocket attacks on
Saudi cities or
  aerosols drifting from the battlefields (Kaplan, 1991).
    Although Iraq did not unleash such chemical, and the battles were
ultimately short,   many U.S. military personnel may been exposed to chemical during the
March 1991
  destruction of Iraqi weapon stockpiled (mostly sarin) near Khamisiyah,
Iraq (Stuteville,
  1997).  The U. S. government continue to investigate whether exposures
to chemical   agents may have contributed to the so-called Gulf War illnesses
experienced by many   U.S. military veterans of that encounter.  Exposure of soldiers to
multiple chemical and
   and environmental stressors may be linked to psychophysiological
illnesses that manifest
  in symptomatology such as disabling fatigue, insomnia, malaise, joint
and muscle pains,   skin sores, hair loss, and gastrointestinal and respiratory
difficulties (Brown &
  Priest, 1996).  Others asset that U.S. military personnel were exposed
to Iraq chemical   warfare from Scud missiles, artillery and aircraft (Stuteville, 1997)
  Open, frank, public news of existent military chemical stockpiles,
proliferation of chemical
  or biological weaponry, and periodic ï¿½saber-rattingï¿½ threats to use
such weapons amplify world
  public concerns over the enormity of what someday could be a horrific
chemical or biological
  calamity.  Unprotected civilian populations fear they may be
deliberately attacked by   chemical and biological weapons or inadvertently by aerosol warfare
agents drifting into
  populated areas of a battlefield.  Disastrous incident like the one in
1984 at a chemical   factory in Bhopal, India, which killed over 2,000 people and sickened
countless others,   sensitized citizenry to the lethal potential of such chemical
compounds.  In 1995, terrorist
  attacks on the Tokyo subway, and news media discussion of possible use
of nerve agents in
  terrorist disruption of public gathering like the 1992 and 1996
Olympics, heightened Public
  fears over such chemical incidents have become almost visceral.  News
of recent advances
  in genetic technologies (Dando, 1997)  suggest use of future
biological weapons with
  unprecedented insidiousness and specificity is possible.  Moreover,
the mass media and media
  expert sources remind the public that the United States  may not be
adequately prepared or
  trained to defend itself against chemical or biological warfare (Beal,
1997).  ...
Send more money, of course.
Banderetï¿½s Ph. D. thesis article is
              Visual Marking Following Transient Adaptation
Banderet has worked for US Army Institute of Environmental Medicine
since 1971.
Banderet is another of my former Ph. D. students. In human factors, not
computer science.
US soldiers, of course, need some tranquilizers to calm them down is the
face of such
threats.  To improve battlefield performance.
Keep in mind guys that the US goverment is not above killing a bunch of
own citizens for its own BUSINESS goals.
Keep up-wind
Title: Untitled Document
Viewing this page requires a browser capable of displaying frames.

@_date: 1998-01-08 04:51:13
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Bruce Schneier, Sandia, FBI and the REAL WORLD 
Wednesday 1/7/98 12:57 PM
Bruce Schneier wrote     and a burglar willing to try all 10,000 is guaranteed to break     into your house.
This is posted at jya.com.
Sandia employees Jack Hudson and Jack Menako, both in my division
when Sandia transferred me to break electronic locks for the FBI/ERF
[Engineering Research Facility, Quantico, VA], were TRYING to defeat combination locks on file cabinets.
Menako built a frame to connect a stepper-motor to the combination
The stepper motor was wried to a PC.
Hudson wrote the software to try all possible combinations.
What happened, IN FACT, was that the combination lock wore-out
before the combination which opened the lock was reached.
Combinations locks are NOT ENGINEERED for such heavy use.
The file safe had to be destroyed to open it!
So Schneier's statement may be incorrect.  No guarantee.
Guys, this is the REAL WORLD.
Title: Security Pitfalls in Cryptography
Security Pitfalls in Cryptography
by Bruce Schneier
Cryptography Consultant
Counterpane Systems
e-mail: schneier at counterpane.com
Magazine articles like to describe cryptography products in terms of algorithms and key length. Algorithms make good sound bites: they can be explained in a few words and they're easy to compare with one another. "128-bit keys mean good security." "Triple-DES means good security." "40-bit keys mean weak security." "2048-bit RSA is better than 1024-bit RSA." But reality isn't that simple.  Longer keys don't always mean more security. Compare the cryptographic algorithm to the lock on your front door. Most door locks have four metal pins, each of which can be in one of ten positions. A key sets the pins in a particular configuration. If the key aligns them all correctly, then the lock opens. So there are only 10,000 possible keys, and a burglar willing to try all 10,000 is guaranteed to break into your house. But an improved lock with ten pins, making 10 billion possible keys, probably won't make your house more secure. Burglars don't try every possible key (a brute-force attack); most aren't even clever enough to pick the lock (a cryptographic attack against the algorithm). They smash windows, kick in doors, disguise themselves as policemen, or rob keyholders at gunpoint. One ring of art thieves in California defeated home security systems by taking a chainsaw to the house walls. Better locks don't help against these attacks.
Strong cryptography is very powerful when it is done right, but it is not a panacea. Focusing on the cryptographic algorithms while ignoring other aspects of security is like defending your house not by building a fence around it, but by putting an immense stake into the ground and hoping that the adversary runs right into it. Smart attackers will just go around the algorithms.
Counterpane Systems has spent years designing, analyzing, and breaking cryptographic systems. While we do research on published algorithms and protocols, most of our work examines actual products. We've designed and analyzed systems that protect privacy, ensure confidentiality, provide fairness, and facilitate commerce. We've worked with software, stand-alone hardware, and everything in between. We've broken our share of algorithms, but we can almost always find attacks that bypass the algorithms altogether. We don't have to try every possible key, or even find flaws in the algorithms. We exploit errors in design, errors in implementation, and errors in installation. Sometimes we invent a new trick to break a system, but most of the time we exploit the same old mistakes that designers make over and over again.
Attacks Against Cryptographic Designs
A cryptographic system can only be as strong as the encryption algorithms, digital signature algorithms, one-way hash functions, and message authentication codes it relies on. Break any of them, and you've broken the system. And just as it's possible to build a weak structure using strong materials, it's possible to build a weak cryptographic system using strong algorithms and protocols.
We often find systems that "void the warranty" of their cryptography by not using it properly: failing to check the size of values, reusing random parameters that should never be reused, and so on. Encryption algorithms don't necessarily provide data integrity. Key exchange protocols don't necessarily ensure that both parties receive the same key. In a recent research project, we found that some--not all--systems using related cryptographic keys could be broken, even though each individual key was secure. Security is a lot more than plugging in an algorithm and expecting the system to work. Even good engineers, well-known companies, and lots of effort are no guarantee of robust implementation; our work on the U.S. digital cellular encryption algorithm illustrated that.
Random-number generators are another place where cryptographic systems often break. Good random-number generators are hard to design, because their security often depends on the particulars of the hardware and software. Many products we examine use bad ones. The cryptography may be strong, but if the random-number generator produces weak keys, the system is much easier to break. Other products use secure random-number generators, but they don't use enough randomness to make the cryptography secure.
Recently Counterpane Systems has published new classes of attacks against random-number generators, based on our work with commercial designs. One of the most surprising things we've found is that specific random-number generators may be secure for one purpose but insecure for another; generalizing security analyses is dangerous.
In another research result, we looked at interactions between individually secure cryptographic protocols. Given a secure protocol, we show how to build another secure protocol that will break the first if both are used with the same keys on the same device.
Attacks Against Implementations
Many systems fail because of mistakes in implementation. Some systems don't ensure that plaintext is destroyed after it's encrypted. Other systems use temporary files to protect against data loss during a system crash, or virtual memory to increase the available memory; these features can accidentally leave plaintext lying around on the hard drive. In extreme cases, the operating system can leave the keys on the hard drive. One product we've seen used a special window for password input. The password remained in the window's memory even after it was closed. It didn't matter how good that product's cryptography was; it was broken by the user interface. Other systems fall to more subtle problems. Sometimes the same data is encrypted with two different keys, one strong and one weak. Other systems use master keys and then one-time session keys. We've broken systems using partial information about the different keys. We've also seen systems that use inadequate protection mechanisms for the master keys, mistakenly relying on the security of the session keys. It's vital to secure all possible ways to learn a key, not just the most obvious ones.
Electronic commerce systems often make implementation trade-offs to enhance usability. We've found subtle vulnerabilities here, when designers don't think through the security implications of their trade-offs. Doing account reconciliation only once per day might be easier, but what kind of damage can an attacker do in a few hours? Can audit mechanisms be flooded to hide the identity of an attacker? Some systems record compromised keys on "hotlists"; attacks against these hotlists can be very fruitful. Other systems can be broken through replay attacks: reusing old messages, or parts of old messages, to fool various parties.
Systems that allow old keys to be recovered in an emergency provide another area to attack. Good cryptographic systems are designed so that the keys exist for as short a period of time as possible; key recovery often negates any security benefit by forcing keys to exist long after they are useful. Furthermore, key recovery databases become sources of vulnerability in themselves, and have to be designed and implemented securely. In one product we evaluated, flaws in the key recovery database allowed criminals to commit fraud and then frame legitimate users.
Attacks Against Passwords
Many systems break because they rely on user-generated passwords. Left to themselves, people don't choose strong passwords. If they're forced to use strong passwords, they can't remember them. If the password becomes a key, it's usually much easier--and faster--to guess the password than it is to brute-force the key; we've seen elaborate security systems fail in this way. Some user interfaces make the problem even worse: limiting the passwords to eight characters, converting everything to lower case, etc. Even passphrases can be weak: searching through 40-character phrases is often much easier than searching through 64-bit random keys. We've also seen key-recovery systems that circumvent strong session keys by using weak passwords for key-recovery.
Attacks Against Hardware
Some systems, particularly commerce systems, rely on tamper-resistant hardware for security: smart cards, electronic wallets, dongles, etc. These systems may assume public terminals never fall into the wrong hands, or that those "wrong hands" lack the expertise and equipment to attack the hardware. While hardware security is an important component in many secure systems, we distrust systems whose security rests solely on assumptions about tamper resistance. We've rarely seen tamper resistance techniques that work, and tools for defeating tamper resistance are getting better all the time. When we design systems that use tamper resistance, we always build in complementary security mechanisms just in case the tamper resistance fails.
The "timing attack" made a big press splash in 1995: RSA private keys could be recovered by measuring the relative times cryptographic operations took. The attack has been successfully implemented against smart cards and other security tokens, and against electronic commerce servers across the Internet. Counterpane Systems and others have generalized these methods to include attacks on a system by measuring power consumption, radiation emissions, and other "side channels," and have implemented them against a variety of public-key and symmetric algorithms in "secure" tokens. We've yet to find a smart card that we can't pull the secret keys out of by looking at side channels. Related research has looked at fault analysis: deliberately introducing faults into cryptographic processors in order to determine the secret keys. The effects of this attack can be devastating.
Attacks Against Trust Models
Many of our more interesting attacks are against the underlying trust model of the system: who or what in the system is trusted, in what way, and to what extent. Simple systems, like hard-drive encryption programs or telephone privacy products, have simple trust models. Complex systems, like electronic commerce systems or multi-user e-mail security programs, have complex (and subtle) trust models. An e-mail program might use uncrackable cryptography for the messages, but unless the keys are certified by a trusted source (and unless that certification can be verified), the system is still vulnerable. Some commerce systems can be broken by a merchant and a customer colluding, or by two different customers colluding. Other systems make implicit assumptions about security infrastructures, but don't bother to check that those assumptions are actually true. If the trust model isn't documented, then an engineer can unknowingly change it in product development, and compromise security.
Many software systems make poor trust assumptions about the computers they run on; they assume the desktop is secure. These programs can often be broken by Trojan horse software that sniffs passwords, reads plaintext, or otherwise circumvents security measures. Systems working across computer networks have to worry about security flaws resulting from the network protocols. Computers that are attached to the Internet can also be vulnerable. Again, the cryptography may be irrelevant if it can be circumvented through network insecurity. And no software is secure against reverse-engineering.
Often, a system will be designed with one trust model in mind, and implemented with another. Decisions made in the design process might be completely ignored when it comes time to sell it to customers. A system that is secure when the operators are trusted and the computers are completely under the control of the company using the system may not be secure when the operators are temps hired at just over minimum wage and the computers are untrusted. Good trust models work even if some of the trust assumptions turn out to be wrong.
Attacks on the Users
Even when a system is secure if used properly, its users can subvert its security by accident--especially if the system isn't designed very well. The classic example of this is the user who gives his password to his co-workers so they can fix some problem when he's out of the office. Users may not report missing smart cards for a few days, in case they are just misplaced. They may not carefully check the name on a digital certificate. They may reuse their secure passwords on other, insecure systems. They may not change their software's default weak security settings. Good system design can't fix all these social problems, but it can help avoid many of them.
Attacks Against Failure Recovery
Strong systems are designed to keep small security breaks from becoming big ones. Recovering the key to one file should not allow the attacker to read every file on the hard drive. A hacker who reverse-engineers a smart card should only learn the secrets in that smart card, not information that will help him break other smart cards in the system. In a multi-user system, knowing one person's secrets shouldn't compromise everyone else's.
Many systems have a "default to insecure mode." If the security feature doesn't work, most people just turn it off and finish their business. If the on-line credit card verification system is down, merchants will default to the less-secure paper system. Similarly, it is sometimes possible to mount a "version rollback attack" against a system after it has been revised to fix a security problem: the need for backwards compatibility allows an attacker to force the protocol into an older, insecure, version.
Other systems have no ability to recover from disaster. If the security breaks, there's no way to fix it. For electronic commerce systems, which could have millions of users, this can be particularly damaging. Such systems should plan to respond to attacks, and to upgrade security without having to shut the system down. The phrase "and then the company is screwed" is never something you want to put in your business plan. Good system design considers what will happen when an attack occurs, and works out ways to contain the damage and recover from the attack.
Attacks Against the Cryptography
Sometimes, products even get the cryptography wrong. Some rely on proprietary encryption algorithms. Invariably, these are very weak. Counterpane Systems has had considerable success breaking published encryption algorithms; our track record against proprietary ones is even better. Keeping the algorithm secret isn't much of an impediment to analysis, anyway--it only takes a couple of days to reverse-engineer the cryptographic algorithm from executable code. One system we analyzed, the S/MIME 2 electronic-mail standard, took a relatively strong design and implemented it with a weak cryptographic algorithm. The system for DVD encryption took a weak algorithm and made it weaker.
We've seen many other cryptographic mistakes: implementations that repeat "unique" random values, digital signature algorithms that don't properly verify parameters, hash functions altered to defeat the very properties they're being used for. We've seen cryptographic protocols used in ways that were not intended by the protocols' designers, and protocols "optimized" in seemingly trivial ways that completely break their security.
Attack Prevention vs. Attack Detection
Most cryptographic systems rely on prevention as their sole means of defense: the cryptography keeps people from cheating, lying, abusing, or whatever. Defense should never be that narrow. A strong system also tries to detect abuse and to contain the effects of any attack. One of our fundamental design principles is that sooner or later, every system will be successfully attacked, probably in a completely unexpected way and with unexpected consequences. It is important to be able to detect such an attack, and then to contain the attack to ensure it does minimal damage.
More importantly, once the attack is detected, the system needs to recover: generate and promulgate a new key pair, update the protocol and invalidate the old one, remove an untrusted node from the system, etc. Unfortunately, many systems don't collect enough data to provide an audit trail, or fail to protect the data against modification. Counterpane Systems has done considerable work in securing audit logs in electronic commerce systems, mostly in response to system designs that could fail completely in the event of a successful attack. These systems have to do more than detect an attack: they must also be able to produce evidence that can convince a judge and jury of guilt.
Building Secure Cryptographic Systems
Security designers occupy what Prussian general Carl von Clausewitz calls "the position of the interior." A good security product must defend against every possible attack, even attacks that haven't been invented yet. Attackers, on the other hand, only need to find one security flaw in order to defeat the system. And they can cheat. They can collude, conspire, and wait for technology to give them additional tools. They can attack the system in ways the system designer never thought of.
Building a secure cryptographic system is easy to do badly, and very difficult to do well. Unfortunately, most people can't tell the difference. In other areas of computer science, functionality serves to differentiate the good from the bad: a good compression algorithm will work better than a bad one; a bad compression program will look worse in feature-comparison charts. Cryptography is different. Just because an encryption program works doesn't mean it is secure. What happens with most products is that someone reads Applied Cryptography, chooses an algorithm and protocol, tests it to make sure it works, and thinks he's done. He's not. Functionality does not equal quality, and no amount of beta testing will ever reveal a security flaw. Too many products are merely "buzzword compliant"; they use secure cryptography, but they are not secure.
page - Counterpane - Applied Cryptography - E-Mail Security
- Crypto Links
Schneier Bio - Blowfish - Publications
- Contact Counterpane
Bruce Schneier
Copyright 1998 Counterpane Systems.

@_date: 1998-01-15 22:40:50
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Joe Bress 
Thursday 1/15/98 6:54 AM
Ray Sumser
Arnold Intrater
Jennifer Lipnick
National Academy of Public Administration
955 L'Enfant Plaza, North SW
Washington, DC 20074
    393-0993 FAX
Former NAPA employee and lawyer Joe Bress' words, "Win or lose,"  to me spoke in your presence in ABQ caused some additional whistleblowing on Internet.  A cypherpunk, I am guessing.
I stayed off Internet for one year so as to
be above suspicious.
The attached letter to judge Edwards was mailed July 16, 1996.  And received July 18, 1996.
  Moorer and other retired Navy brass, at a news conference, expressed     grave suspicion over the FBI's recently concluded 18-month
  investigation of the disaster, in which the plane disintegrated   July   17, 1996, en route to Paris and plunged into the Atlantic near
  Island, killing 230. They said a military missile explosion just     outside the 747's forward cabin seems the likely cause. While the timing of my letter to Edwards was merely coincidence, I am concerned that whistleblowing may constitute a danger to public
safety. Please help to get this matter settled.
Title: Navy Brass Revive Missile Theory
 [Email Reply] Retired Navy Brass Revives Twa Missile Theory
Officers Voice Suspicions Over Fbi's Findings
By John Hanchette and Billy House
Adm. Thomas H. Moorer, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs
of Staff, on Jan. 8 called for new congressional hearings into
last July's crash of TWA Flight 800.
"It absolutely deserves more investigation -- a lot more,"
Moorer told Gannett News Service. "This time, I wouldn't let
the FBI do it. I'd have the NTSB (National Transportation
Safety Board) do it. I think Congress certainly should get more
answers from the FBI."
Moorer and other retired Navy brass, at a news conference,
expressed grave suspicion over the FBI's recently concluded
18-month investigation of the disaster, in which the plane
disintegrated July 17, 1996, en route to Paris and plunged into
the Atlantic near Long Island, killing 230. They said a military
missile explosion just outside the 747's forward cabin seems
the likely cause.
"All evidence would point to a missile," Moorer said. "All those
witnesses who saw a streak that hit the airplane -- you have to
assume it's a missile. In an investigation like this, you can't
overlook anything."
Moorer, an expert on missile weaponry, attended the news
conference convened by a media critic group that scoffs at the
official NTSB and FBI findings unveiled a month ago.
Joseph Valiquette, FBI spokesman in New York, said the
agency is "comfortable" with its conclusions that "there's no
evidence a criminal act was responsible."
'A train wreck in the sky'
The Navy officers -- who appeared with a veteran TWA pilot,
two witnesses and members of Accuracy in Media, which
coordinated the briefing -- said a new study of evidence from
recovered Flight 800 data recorders rebuts the government's
official story about fuel vapors exploding in a central tank of the
jetliner after a spark from unknown causes.
"This is either a train wreck in the sky, or an explosive device

@_date: 1998-01-18 07:22:01
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: REPLY to Mitchells RESPONSE. 
Saturday 1/17/98 3:37 PM
John Young
Attached is our REPLY to Mitchell�s RESPONSE.
Morales will have it filed on Tuesday.  Monday
is MLK day.
Morales will send a FILED stamped copy to you.
           FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
William H. Payne        	   	            )
Arthur R. Morales                           )
                                            )
                Plaintiffs,                 )
                                            )
v                                           )	CIV NO 97 0266 Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )
Director, National Security Agency	       )
National Security Agency		            )
                                            )
                Defendant                   )
  REPLY TO DEFENDANT'S RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFFS' MOTION FOR   SUMMARY JUDGMENT BASED ON EVIDENCE FROM ADMISSIONS
1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne [Payne] and Morales [Morales] [Plaintiffs], pro se litigants to exercise their rights guaranteed under the Constitution, Rules of Civil  Procedure, and Local Civil Rules to respond to Defendant's MOTION filed
on 98 JAN-5 within the 14 days allowed by local rule 7.3(b)(4).
2  US Attorney Mitchell [Mitchell]  writes,
  Counsel for Defendant was not served with copies of any of    said Requests for Admissions until sometime after the
  individuals had been served.2
Mitchell WAS SERVED
  PLAINTIFFS' FIRST SET OF REQUEST FOR ADMISSION  TO    NSA DIRECTOR KENNETH MINIHAN   I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing request for     admissions was mailed to Jan Elizabeth Mitchell, Assistant US   Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this  Monday November   3, 1997. Michell was not served with any other admissions since
Mitchell is not representing others.
Plaintiffs' served Defendant Minihan properly.  And Minihan
failed to respond to Minihan's admissions within the time
allotted by law.
3 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
  As grounds for the Motion and Memorandum, Defendant
  argued that Plaintiffs had blatantly disregarded this Court's     Order pertaining to the conduct of discovery and the deadline   for discovery in this Freedom of Information Act action.
Judges Svet and Campos willfully violated Plaintiffs' right
to Discovery.  And thereby earned criminal complaint affidavits
filed with judge Scalia of the Supreme Court.
4 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
  In Defendant's Motion and Memorandum, Counsel for Defendant   also objected to Plaintiffs' sua sponte decision to
  modify the Court's June 11 Order to reflect the delay of the
  Court's October 7 Order and the establishment, without leave     of this Court, of new deadlines for discovery, motions     practice, and the filing of the PreTrial Order. (Motion and     Memorandum  9, at 4.)
Judge Svet and Campos attempt to deny Plaintiffs' right to Discovery, again, earned Svet and Campos criminal complaint
Plaintiffs exercise their right under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and the Constitution to conduct Discovery
WITHOUT LEAVE OF COURT!
5 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
   By their own request, Plaintiffs sought to stay a ruling on   the Defendant's Motion and Memorandum. Absent any ruling on   either the Motion and Memorandum or Plaintiffs' Response,
  Defendant Minihan, employees of NSA, and employees of   Sandia National Laboratory, were not obligated to respond to   the Requests for Admissions as provided by Fed.R.Civ.P. 36.3   For Plaintiffs to now assert in their "Motion for Summary   Judgment On Based On Evidence From Admissions" that because     the individuals have not responded to the Requests for   Admissions they are deemed admitted, flies in the face of     their own prayer to this Court to stay a ruling on the   Defendant's Motion to strike the Requests for Admissions until   the Supreme Court takes action.
Plaintiffs' have REPEATEDLY asked judge Svet and Campos to
disqualify themselves from any rulings on this case because
Campos and Svet do NOT obey the Federal Rules of Civil   Replace judges Svet and Campos because these judges
  have demonstrated, IN WRITING, they do not follow the   Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
Plaintiffs' pleas are directed a replacement judge[s].  Not
Svet and Campos.
Therefore, Svet and Campos' failure to remove themselves does not stop the legal process. Mitchell cites NO law to support her claim that time constraints imposed under Fed.R.Civ.P. 36.3 are inapplicable
as a result of Svet's and Campos' failure to remove themselves.
6 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
  Defendant requests that this Court either rule upon
  Defendant's Motion and Memorandum granting the request to     strike the Requests for Admissions, or grant Plaintiffs'   request to stay this action pending the issuance of the order   sought by Plaintiffs in another forum. Should this Court deny   Defendant's Motion and Memorandum, Defendant respectfully   requests that the individuals to whom Requests for Admissions   are appropriate in this action be given the thirty days to   respond to said admissions as provided by the Federal Rules of   Civil Procedure.
REPLACEMENT JUDGES of the Court should realize the outcome
of the lawsuit has attained international interest as a result
of the
  1  bungled NSA spy sting on Iran   2  US government agencies NSA, NIST, and the FBI's
     attempt to control cryptography.
Mitchell's   DEFENDANT'S RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFFS' MOTION FOR   SUMMARY JUDGMENT BASED ON EVIDENCE FROM ADMISSIONS
was posted on Internet at jya.com, click cryptome
  nsasuit8.htm  USA/NSA Responds to Payne/Morales Motion                            January 16, 1998
Importance of this posting is summed-up in the Toronto Sun, Jan. 11, 1998
  US, Iran Need Each Other   by Eric Margolis   Iran launched a surprise charm offensive last week,   throwing Washington into serious confusion.    In a lengthy interview on CNN, Iran's new president, Mohammad     Khatami, skillfully analyzed the bitter relations between the     two nations and cautiously extended an olive branch to   Washington, calling for an end to their 19-year cold war.   Khatami's diplomatic ju-jitsu flummoxed the Clinton     administration, which was busy trying to rally international   support against Tehran - and to overthrow Iran's elected   government.    Both capitals are split over the question of relations.    In Washington, the military establishment and conservative     Republicans have inflated Iran into a bogeyman to   justify military budgets and keep U.S. forces in the Mideast.    ...
  America incited Iraq to invade Iran in 1980. They did this to   crush the Islamic revolution, then provided massive war aid to   Saddam Hussein. Half a million Iranians died.  The US got caught involved in genocide.  Using high tech.
This is one subject of this lawsuit.
Albuquerque Journal Tuesday 1/13/98 carried the editorial.
  Khatami Move Is Profile in Courage
  Richard Reeves
  Syndicated Columnist
  LOS ANGELES -  If an American leader had done what
  Iranian President Mohammed Khatami did last Wednesday,
  it would have been hailed as a profile in courage. ...
  Miscalculation!  We armed and pampered Saddam Hussein in
  the hope that Iraq would destroy Iran.  Now that's policy and
  behavior to think about. Here is something to think about: If
  Presidents Eisenhower and Kennedy had pursued any kind of
  sensible policy toward Cuba and Fidel Castro - opposed to
  the policy of trying to assassinate him - there never would   have been a Cuban missile crisis.
    I think Iranians have financed and encouraged terrorism
  against the interests of the United States and Israel.  I     would not be surprised at all if something like proof emerges   soon, perhaps anonymously, from the CIA and other government   agencies, where many officials have built their careers on   sanctioning and isolating Iran, to try to straighten the   backbones of the president and people of the United States.
    If they succeed, America fails.  What would be more   effective in closing down Iranian terrorism?  More hostility,   sanctions and charges?  Or beginning the process toward more   normal relations with a country positioned and born to be     great? ...
Clearly genocide fits into
  Now that's policy and behavior to think about.
The wired world is watching what this Court, hopefully
minus judges Svet and Campos, will do.
What is there to be?  A series of possibly unfortunate
events?  Or does this Court order release the lawfully requested documents to help settle this American tragedy?
7 Have replacement judges of this Court DENY Mitchell's
  Plaintiffs requested a stay. Absent a ruling from
  this Court denying their request, they cannot proceed to   assert that the Requests for Admissions are deemed admitted.   Accordingly, Plaintiffs' "Motion For Summary Judgment On Based   On Evidence From Admissions" must be denied.
for reason that Mitchell's request to subvert both the Discovery
processes and its time limits have no basis in law.  And appears to plead to judges who do not obey the Federal Rules of Civil
9  IMMEDIATELY ORDER Defendant to release the requested documents in the interest of national safety so that this matter can be settled. Aggrieved victims of  US genocide are reading these pleadings.
                    Respectfully submitted,                     _________________________                     William H. Payne             	   	                         13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                         Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                         _________________________				                     Arthur R. Morales                                                1024 Los Arboles NW                                             Albuquerque, NM 87107                                            Pro se litigants CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to  John J. Kelly, US Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this  Tuesday January 20, 1997.

@_date: 1998-01-18 23:35:29
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: diplomacy 
I sure hope the following was diplomatic enough.
NSA exhibited NO SENSE OF HUMOR when I pointed out
'deficiencies' in its crypto algorithm work.  But, too,
the agrieve Islamic fundamentalists may not have too good
senses of humor.
But with that experience, my sensitivities are hightened.
Later, guys.
Back to POSTCARD COMMUNICATIONS!
Sunday 1/18/98 6:24 AM
Jim Allen
Thanks for the call on Friday night.
You said that there might be a problem in the way the interrupts
were turned on.
I told you I would give this some thought.
Here is the routine to turn on the interrupts
;*	Call DasIntOn(IoPointer&, ErrorFlag&, SystemState&, IoData&(0, 0),
;*	IoParm&(0, 0), LgradThres) from Visual Basic.
DasIntOn	PROTO FAR, VBIoPointer:dword, VBErrorFlag:dword,
DasIntOn	PROC FAR EXPORT, VBIoPointer:dword, VBErrorFlag:dword,
                Prolog
;* Stage 1	Get addresses of IOPointer, ErrorFlag, SystemState,
;*		IoData, IoParm, LGradThres which point back into VB static array.
                mov eax, VBErrorFlag    ; get VB ErrorFlag address
                mov eax, VBIoData       ; get VB IoData address
                mov IoData, eax      	; move it to asm
;* Stage 2	zero the interrupt counter and system state
                            mov LocalSysState, 0
;* Stage 3  install dummy interrupt vector
;* Stage 4  make sure interrupt is masked on the das board
;* Stage 5  Set up Irq level in bits 4-6 of register 9
;* Stage 6  set up counter 0 with number of rows AND enable
;* hardware trigger.  This is done in Counter0SetUp.
;* Stage 7  Enable interrupt on 8259a
;* Stage 8  Set Irq 5 highest prority in 8259a - didn't seem to
;* make any difference in performance
;* Stage 9  Burst length set-up
;* Stage 10  - clear fifo
;* Stage 11  Set application interrupt vector
;* Stage 12  Set LocalIop to DataRows - 1.
;* Stage 13  Set hardware trigger
;* Stage 14  Clear flip-flop on Pin 25
;* Stage 15   Enable interrupt on das board
DasIntOn        ENDP
This got a bit complicated. The ComputerBoard clone of the Keithly-Metrabyte a/d
converter powers-up in an UNKNOWN state.  Or at least
partially UNKNOWN.
One of the random states includes triggering spurious interrupt. So a dummy handler had to be inserted to
possibly field bad data.
The attempt was made to interface directly to hardware
without a microcontoller buffer was partially successful.
Sampling at the 1 Khz rate revealed that Windows
occasionally �did its own thing� as a result of a task
switch and, therfore, interrupts were missed.
To detect when this happened we modified the ComputerBoards das 1400 board so that a hardware
count of interrupts received could be compared to
the software count.
Since the a/d values were buffered a FIFO, the FAST
Pentium could catch up.
But this caused the interrupt handler to increase in size
from about 1 K lines, including white space and comments, to 2 K lines.
Naturally we wish to be in the problem solving, as opposed to problem creating, or assignation of blame.
I think we have to consider all possible problem sources.
I am looking at the AC POWER INTERFACE LS SOV
Schematic dated 11-8-96.
I see that the power to the analog and digital cards was
run via a serial port db 25 cable and connector.
Pin assignment are    	Pin		Function
   	1		-15 G
     	8		15 S
The +24 volts runs to solenoids.
The remaining power runs to both digital and analog Ics.
While some are left wondering why engineers had not
thought of running analog, digital and solenoid power down an inexpensive 24 pin PC serial port cable before,
perhaps, we might all guess, other engineers lack sufficient innovative audacity.
One engineer opined last summer, when I was working
in the shop on the digital FX, that the PC Data System boards may have to be redesigned.
Let�s hope that such a major revision is not required.
Naturally, me being a TOTAL CONSERVATIVE [as
evidenced by Morales and my genocide court filing], I plan to physically separate the analog and digital
IC s on the digital FX.  And I am thinking about on-board power regulation to keep the 80c32, analog, and digital chips super-happy.
In the field, of course.
I will leave in several hours.  In my grey rabbit.
Air travel safety worries me more now.  Especially after publication of last book.
Just in case, I will bring my passport.  The thought of two machines located 180 miles NW
of Edmonton not working well is, of course, I sure glad the 8051 version of PC Data System is
working fairly well. And is MAKING money for
See you on Tuesday,  Allah willing.
Title: Payne/Morales v. NSA -- Defendant's Response to Motion for Summary
  Judgment
16 January 1998
Source: William H. Payne
See related files:
      � � � � � � � � � �
      U.S. Department of Justice
      United States Attorney
      __________________________________________________________
      Post Office Box 607
W.H. Payne
P.O. Box 14838
Albuquerque, New Mexico 87191
     Re: Payne & Morales v. Minihan
     USDC NM CIV 97-0266 SC/DJS
Dear Mr. Payne:
     Enclosed is a court-endorsed copy of Defendant's Response to Plaintiffs' Motion for Summary Judgment Based on Evidence from cc/enc: Arthur R. Morales
United States District Court
District of New Mexico
98 JAN -5 PM 3:46
Robert M. Marsh
District Clerk
                 IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                   FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
WILLIAM H. PAYNE                    )
ARTHUR R. MORALES                   )
                                    )
          Plaintiffs,               )
                                    )
          vs.                       ) CIVIL NO. 97-026 SC/DJS
                                    )
LT GEN KENNETH A. MINIHAN           )
USAF Director, National Security    )
Agency,                             )
                                    )
          Defendant.
 DEFENDANT'S RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFFS' MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT
                BASED ON EVIDENCE FROM ADMISSIONS
          Defendant Minihan responds to Plaintiff's Motion for
Summary Judgment Based On Evidence From Admissions1 as follows:
numerous sets of Requests for Admissions on various employees of
the National Security Agency and on current and past employees of
the Sandia National Laboratory.
any of said Requests for Admissions until sometime after the
individuals had been served.2
     1   It should be noted that the instant Motion for Summary
Judgment constitutes Plaintiffs' second motion for summary
judgment. Plaintiffs filed an initial Motion for Summary Judgment
on June 4, 1997 to which Defendant responded on June 19, 1997, and
Plaintiffs filed a Reply on July 1, 1997. Said initial Motion for
Summary Judgment has not been ruled upon. In addition, Defendant
filed a Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Arthur R. Morales on September
23, 1997, and a Motion seeking dismissal of Plaintiff William
Payne's Freedom of Information Act action on October 3, 1997. All
briefing by all parties has been completed on those Motions.
     2   On October 13, 1997, Plaintiffs mailed a First Set of
Admissions to Kenneth Minihan. However, not until November 3,
1997, did Plaintiffs mail a copy of said First Set of Request for
Requests for Admissions on a number of individuals, on October 23,
1997, Counsel for Defendant filed a Motion and Memorandum To Strike
Any And All Of Plaintiffs' First Set of Requests For Admissions To
Various Employees Of The National Security Agency And To Various
Employees Of Sandia National Laboratory, (hereinafter "Motion and
argued that Plaintiffs had blatantly disregarded this Court's Order
pertaining to the conduct of discovery and the deadline for
discovery in this Freedom of Information Act action.
Defendant also objected to Plaintiffs' sua sponte decision to
modify the Court's June 11 Order to reflect the delay of the
Court's October 7 Order and the establishment, without leave of
this Court, of new deadlines for discovery, motions practice, and
the filing of the PreTrial Order. (Motion and Memorandum � 9, at
that this Court strike any and all "First Set of Request for
Admission" propounded by Plaintiffs. (Motion and Memorandum, at 5.)
November 5, 1997, specifically seeking that this Court "take no
action in this case until Supreme court takes action on writs on
Admissions to Counsel for Defendant. Counsel for Defendant was not
provided with copies of any other Requests for Admissions sent to
employees of NSA or employees of the Sandia National Laboratory.
                                2
mandamus, prohibition, and criminal complaint affidavits filed
against judges Svet and Campos and US Attorney Mitchell."
(Plaintiffs' Response to Motion And Memorandum To Strike Any And
All Of Plaintiffs' First Set Of Request For Admissions To Various
Employees Of The National Security Agency And To Various Employees
Of Sandia National Laboratories, � 11, at 10.)
the matters raised in the Motion and Memorandum, nor has any other
court issued any orders concerning Plaintiffs' cause of action and
various complaints.
ruling on the Defendant's Motion and Memorandum. Absent any ruling
on either the Motion and Memorandum or Plaintiffs' Response,
Defendant Minihan, employees of NSA, and employees of Sandia
National Laboratory, were not obligated to respond to the Requests
for Admissions as provided by Fed.R.Civ.P. 36.3 For Plaintiffs to
now assert in their "Motion for Summary Judgment On Based On
Evidence From Admissions" that because the individuals have not
responded to the Requests for Admissions they are deemed admitted,
flies in the face of their own prayer to this Court to stay a
ruling on the Defendant's Motion to strike the Requests for
Admissions until the Supreme Court takes action.
     3    Despite the fact that Defendant's employees and other
individuals are not required to respond to the Requests for
Admissions based upon the outstanding pleadings which have yet to
be ruled on by this Court, Plaintiffs characterize that all
admissions are admitted and then publish those admissions on the
                                3
Defendant's Motion and Memorandum granting the request to strike
the Requests for Admissions, or grant Plaintiffs' request to stay
this action pending the issuance of the order sought by Plaintiffs
in another forum. Should this Court deny Defendant's Motion and
Memorandum, Defendant respectfully requests that the individuals to
whom Requests for Admissions are appropriate in this action be
given the thirty days to respond to said admissions as provided by
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
this Court denying their request, they cannot proceed to assert
that the Requests for Admissions are deemed admitted. Accordingly,
Plaintiffs' "Motion For Summary Judgment On Based On Evidence From
Admissions" must be denied.
I HEREBY CERTIFY that a true copy
of the foregoing pleading was mailed
to PRO SE PLAINTIFFS,
this 5th day of January, 1998.
JAN ELIZABETH MITCHELL
Assistant U. S. Attorney
                                4
           FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
William H. Payne        	   	            )
Arthur R. Morales                           )
                                            )
                Plaintiffs,                 )
                                            )
v                                           )	CIV NO 97 0266 Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )
Director, National Security Agency	       )
National Security Agency		            )
                                            )
                Defendant                   )
  REPLY TO DEFENDANT'S RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFFS' MOTION FOR   SUMMARY JUDGMENT BASED ON EVIDENCE FROM ADMISSIONS
1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne [Payne] and Morales [Morales] [Plaintiffs], pro se litigants to exercise their rights guaranteed under the Constitution, Rules of Civil  Procedure, and Local Civil Rules to respond to Defendant's MOTION filed
on 98 JAN-5 within the 14 days allowed by local rule 7.3(b)(4).
2  US Attorney Mitchell [Mitchell]  writes,
  Counsel for Defendant was not served with copies of any of    said Requests for Admissions until sometime after the
  individuals had been served.2
Mitchell WAS SERVED
  PLAINTIFFS' FIRST SET OF REQUEST FOR ADMISSION  TO    NSA DIRECTOR KENNETH MINIHAN   I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing request for     admissions was mailed to Jan Elizabeth Mitchell, Assistant US   Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this  Monday November   3, 1997. Michell was not served with any other admissions since
Mitchell is not representing others.
Plaintiffs' served Defendant Minihan properly.  And Minihan
failed to respond to Minihan's admissions within the time
allotted by law.
3 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
  As grounds for the Motion and Memorandum, Defendant
  argued that Plaintiffs had blatantly disregarded this Court's     Order pertaining to the conduct of discovery and the deadline   for discovery in this Freedom of Information Act action.
Judges Svet and Campos willfully violated Plaintiffs' right
to Discovery.  And thereby earned criminal complaint affidavits
filed with judge Scalia of the Supreme Court.
4 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
  In Defendant's Motion and Memorandum, Counsel for Defendant   also objected to Plaintiffs' sua sponte decision to
  modify the Court's June 11 Order to reflect the delay of the
  Court's October 7 Order and the establishment, without leave     of this Court, of new deadlines for discovery, motions     practice, and the filing of the PreTrial Order. (Motion and     Memorandum  9, at 4.)
Judge Svet and Campos attempt to deny Plaintiffs' right to Discovery, again, earned Svet and Campos criminal complaint
Plaintiffs exercise their right under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure and the Constitution to conduct Discovery
WITHOUT LEAVE OF COURT!
5 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
   By their own request, Plaintiffs sought to stay a ruling on   the Defendant's Motion and Memorandum. Absent any ruling on   either the Motion and Memorandum or Plaintiffs' Response,
  Defendant Minihan, employees of NSA, and employees of   Sandia National Laboratory, were not obligated to respond to   the Requests for Admissions as provided by Fed.R.Civ.P. 36.3   For Plaintiffs to now assert in their "Motion for Summary   Judgment On Based On Evidence From Admissions" that because     the individuals have not responded to the Requests for   Admissions they are deemed admitted, flies in the face of     their own prayer to this Court to stay a ruling on the   Defendant's Motion to strike the Requests for Admissions until   the Supreme Court takes action.
Plaintiffs' have REPEATEDLY asked judge Svet and Campos to
disqualify themselves from any rulings on this case because
Campos and Svet do NOT obey the Federal Rules of Civil   Replace judges Svet and Campos because these judges
  have demonstrated, IN WRITING, they do not follow the   Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
Plaintiffs' pleas are directed a replacement judge[s].  Not
Svet and Campos.
Therefore, Svet and Campos' failure to remove themselves does not stop the legal process. Mitchell cites NO law to support her claim that time constraints imposed under Fed.R.Civ.P. 36.3 are inapplicable
as a result of Svet's and Campos' failure to remove themselves.
6 US Attorney Mitchell writes,
  Defendant requests that this Court either rule upon
  Defendant's Motion and Memorandum granting the request to     strike the Requests for Admissions, or grant Plaintiffs'   request to stay this action pending the issuance of the order   sought by Plaintiffs in another forum. Should this Court deny   Defendant's Motion and Memorandum, Defendant respectfully   requests that the individuals to whom Requests for Admissions   are appropriate in this action be given the thirty days to   respond to said admissions as provided by the Federal Rules of   Civil Procedure.
REPLACEMENT JUDGES of the Court should realize the outcome
of the lawsuit has attained international interest as a result
of the
  1  bungled NSA spy sting on Iran   2  US government agencies NSA, NIST, and the FBI's
     attempt to control cryptography.
Mitchell's   DEFENDANT'S RESPONSE TO PLAINTIFFS' MOTION FOR   SUMMARY JUDGMENT BASED ON EVIDENCE FROM ADMISSIONS
was posted on Internet at jya.com, click cryptome
  nsasuit8.htm  USA/NSA Responds to Payne/Morales Motion                            January 16, 1998
Importance of this posting is summed-up in the Toronto Sun, Jan. 11, 1998
  US, Iran Need Each Other   by Eric Margolis   Iran launched a surprise charm offensive last week,   throwing Washington into serious confusion.    In a lengthy interview on CNN, Iran's new president, Mohammad     Khatami, skillfully analyzed the bitter relations between the     two nations and cautiously extended an olive branch to   Washington, calling for an end to their 19-year cold war.   Khatami's diplomatic ju-jitsu flummoxed the Clinton     administration, which was busy trying to rally international   support against Tehran - and to overthrow Iran's elected   government.    Both capitals are split over the question of relations.    In Washington, the military establishment and conservative     Republicans have inflated Iran into a bogeyman to   justify military budgets and keep U.S. forces in the Mideast.    ...
  America incited Iraq to invade Iran in 1980. They did this to   crush the Islamic revolution, then provided massive war aid to   Saddam Hussein. Half a million Iranians died.  The US got caught involved in genocide.  Using high tech.
This is one subject of this lawsuit.
Albuquerque Journal Tuesday 1/13/98 carried the editorial.
  Khatami Move Is Profile in Courage
  Richard Reeves
  Syndicated Columnist
  LOS ANGELES -  If an American leader had done what
  Iranian President Mohammed Khatami did last Wednesday,
  it would have been hailed as a profile in courage. ...
  Miscalculation!  We armed and pampered Saddam Hussein in
  the hope that Iraq would destroy Iran.  Now that's policy and
  behavior to think about. Here is something to think about: If
  Presidents Eisenhower and Kennedy had pursued any kind of
  sensible policy toward Cuba and Fidel Castro - opposed to
  the policy of trying to assassinate him - there never would   have been a Cuban missile crisis.
    I think Iranians have financed and encouraged terrorism
  against the interests of the United States and Israel.  I     would not be surprised at all if something like proof emerges   soon, perhaps anonymously, from the CIA and other government   agencies, where many officials have built their careers on   sanctioning and isolating Iran, to try to straighten the   backbones of the president and people of the United States.
    If they succeed, America fails.  What would be more   effective in closing down Iranian terrorism?  More hostility,   sanctions and charges?  Or beginning the process toward more   normal relations with a country positioned and born to be     great? ...
Clearly genocide fits into
  Now that's policy and behavior to think about.
The wired world is watching what this Court, hopefully
minus judges Svet and Campos, will do.
What is there to be?  A series of possibly unfortunate
events?  Or does this Court order release the lawfully requested documents to help settle this American tragedy?
7 Have replacement judges of this Court DENY Mitchell's
  Plaintiffs requested a stay. Absent a ruling from
  this Court denying their request, they cannot proceed to   assert that the Requests for Admissions are deemed admitted.   Accordingly, Plaintiffs' "Motion For Summary Judgment On Based   On Evidence From Admissions" must be denied.
for reason that Mitchell's request to subvert both the Discovery
processes and its time limits have no basis in law.  And appears to plead to judges who do not obey the Federal Rules of Civil
9  IMMEDIATELY ORDER Defendant to release the requested documents in the interest of national safety so that this matter can be settled. Aggrieved victims of  US genocide are reading these pleadings.
                    Respectfully submitted,                     _________________________                     William H. Payne             	   	                         13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                         Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                         _________________________				                     Arthur R. Morales                                                1024 Los Arboles NW                                             Albuquerque, NM 87107                                            Pro se litigants CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to  John J. Kelly, US Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this  Tuesday January 20, 1997. Title: Model 7200 HCLT High Capacity Lumber Tester
The Metriguard Model 7200 High Capacity Lumber Tester was introduced in 1993.  This machine is now certified by grading agencies in the United States, Canada and UK. Also in use in Japan and Austria. Speed capacity is unknown.  We have run tests in excess of 2,000 ft/min, and have not seen any limitations or indications that it would not run faster. We expect this machine to keep up with planer developments and run in the neighborhood of 3,000 ft/min sometime within the next ten years. The machine is available with a number of options, including the recently introduced PC Data System, which adds new capability in marking options, shift reports, and internal error checking.  Yet to come in Metriguard's program of continuous improvement are automatic wood temperature compensation, automatic zero tracking, scanner inputs. Please contact Metriguard Sales office for further information about how this machine can improve your lumber grading and mill profits.  Return to home page

@_date: 1998-07-01 14:10:18
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Warning to court clerk 
Wednesday 7/1/98 2:59 PM
John Young
I will fax the two sheets from the clerk to you later this afternoon.
Morales and I will try to meet on his way home from work
to get his signature.
will likely cause MUCH MORE UNPLEASANTNESS .. for clerks and judges.
Let's hope this matter is promptly settled before it gets WORSE.

@_date: 1998-07-04 12:58:21
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: NSA , FBI, and Sandia labs - and stolen weapons 
Saturday 7/4/98 1:20 PM
Laszlo Baranyi
I read I will look in my files for a paper published in the Association
of Computing Machinery authored by G. J. Simmons on the COVERT CHANNEL.  Then e-mail you an exact reference.
Information FORCED on me by Sandian James Gosler funded by NSA was about
the COVERT CHANNEL.  Similar to what I read at
Gosler made the point to us that the 'black hats' could spike a device,
either through hardware or software.
A 'white hat' group  could not discover how the covert channel worked
[was spiked].
Gosler later wanted to assign me to an NSA project. I refused. I would
not sign the required papers - which effectively makes the signer give
up their civil rights.
See  RIGGING THE GAME" Baltimore Sun, December 10, 1995. This article can be
ordered on-line
 for details what NSA requires employees to sign.
Sandia reassigned me to break electronic locks for the FBI.
and  I attach results, which the FBI blieves is SECRET/NSI, on how to
counterfeit Wiegand wire access credentials funded by the FBI.
Perhaps the following quotation and reference might be valuable to
             Spy agencies are also dabbling in hacker warfare.  The              National Security Agency, along with top-secret
intelligence              units in the Army,  Air Force, has been researching              ways to infect enemy computer systems with particularly              virulent strains of software viruses that already plague
home              and office computers.  Another type of virus, the logic
bomb,              would remain dormant in an enemy system until a
predetermined              time, when it would come to life and begin eating data. Such              bombs could attack, for example, a nation's air-defense
system              or central bank.  The CIA has a clandestine program that              would insert booby-trapped computer chips into weapons
systems              that a foreign arms manufacturer might ship to a
potentially              hostile country - a technique called "chipping".  In
another              program, the agency is looking at how independent
contractors              hired by arms makers to write software for weapons systems              could be bribed to slip in viruses.              "You get into the arms manufacturer's supply network,              take the stuff off-line briefly, insert the bug, the let it
go              to the country," explained a CIA source who specializes in              information technology.  "When the weapons system goes into
a              hostile situation, everything about it seems to work, but
the              warhead doesn't explode."              weapons may be even more exotic than computer viruses.              Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico has developed
a              suitcase-sized device that generates a high-powered              electromagnetic pulse.  Commandos could sneak into a
foreign              capitol, place the EMP suitcase next to a bank and set it
off.              The resulting pulse would burn out all electronic
components              in the building. ...         [TIME, August 21, 1995, by Douglas Waller] The US was super-concerned when stinger missiles, AFTER THE US GAVE THEM
TO THE AFGHANIS, that the stingers might be used against the US.  So the idea is to spike weapons so that the US remains in ELECTRONIC
CONTROL - if physical
control is lost.  There are, of course, hazards in powering-up a stolen foreign weapon.
My wife Patty [Implementing Basics : How Basics Work William H. and
Patricia Payne / Published 1982  I were in Zurich in April 1997.  I spoke to Hans Buehler on the phone from the airpont.
Buehler gave me ideas on how to get my case settled TOO.
I JUST WANT MY MONEY AND OUT OF THIS MESS! Best.   And I look forward to reading more about what you discover.
Coauthor Lewis in the above is one of my former MS and PhD students in
computer science.
Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199

@_date: 1998-07-07 06:49:46
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: keystrokes and crooked judges 
I am reading Perhaps this e-mail may interest you
Monday 6/8/98 7:53 AM  John Young  I am reading  a bit more carefully.  You have NEVER WRITTEN SO MUCH.  Fishing was great.  I used a             $10 THE  INSTANT CALLING CARD [TM]             VOCALL COMMUNICATIONS CORP  which allows access with a pin of 718-2455-7091-xxx [my SECRET]  in ENGLISH, SPANISH, ARABIC, URDU, KOREAN, JAPANESE, GERMAN,   FRENCH, ITALIAN to call you TWICE on Saturday.  At only $.14/min.  I left one message about Xandi and spiking computer keyboards.  Xandi MADE low-power transmitters,     like the kind I MIGHT use IF I were going to spike a keyboard [most
which use an 8051    so that the keystrokes would be broadcast.    This, of course, defeats crypto attempts to cipher keystrokes.  But I DO NOT DO, or have to do, ILLEGAL THINGS for the FBI or any other
government agency.  I, as a DOE contractor employee, was protected under 10 CFR 708.    But 10 CFR 708 does not appear to be working well in my case.   Therefore, we had to try other remedies.  VOCALL is getting real close to digital cash, one of Orlin Grabbe's 	  interests.    I have to do mostly technical work on the digital FX this week but will
try to  get two notices of appeal to the Tenth circuit written.
  Morales and I, with all the publicity you and Orlin have given us, can  go all the way to the Supreme Court with our genocide and crypto  deficiency lawsuits.   Pro se, of course.  Too bad NSA did not take my criticisms of its shift register work  more constructively.    click on Appendix S  Perhaps NSA should have worked with some of us at Sandia to come-up  with fixes to overcome deficiencies. This unpleasantness could have been
avoided.  I've had ideas to improve shift register algorithm operation before.    Let's all hope for settlement of this UNFORTUNATE matter before it  gets worse.  Later  bill  And this too.
  Date:         Tue, 07 Jul 1998 07:32:36 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         jy at jya.com
    CC:         art morales , whitfield diffie
, tom carpenter - halcyon ,
        marc rotenberg , national employee rights
institute , mab at research.att.com,
        mejudson at mail.wdn.com, lwirbel at aol.com, klayman
, john gilmore ,
jpcarson at mindspring.com,
        jdelia at gnn.com, jeff debonis <76554.133 at compuserve.com>, jay
coughlan , jason vest ,
        j orlin grabbe , david sobel ,
Cindy at McGlashan.com
Tuesday 7/7/98 7:28 AM
John Young
I am reading FBI agents Perez, Rodrigues, and Silva warned us about the crooked
judges at the appellate level.  The FBI blackmailed Perez, Rodrigues, and Silva into a cheap settlement
of their race discrimination lawsuit win in Lucius Bunton's West Texas
They all lost money.  And all got divorced.
Perez is a buddy of Morales and Gonzales.
Gonzales and Armenta are buddies of Silva.
Hugo Rodrigues moved to Florida.
This information is VERY VALUABLE to Morales and me.
It shapes our response to the two letters from the Tenth I put
in the mail to you yesterday.
NO FUTURE IN ARGUING POINTS OF LAW WITH CROOKED JUDGES.
Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199

@_date: 1998-07-07 18:07:45
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: thinking about you and http://www.qainfo.se/~lb/crypto_ag.htm 
Tuesday 7/7/98 6:57 PM
Laszlo Baranyi
You DID NOT mention the Swiss radio international radio broadcasts.
Rep McKinney and Sen Grassley now have copies.
Send me a snail mail address and I will send you a copy.
Using postcard, of course
 pob 14838
 abq, nm 87191
 usa
Gustavus J Simmons
  Cryptanalysis and Protocol Failures
  COMMUNICATIONS OF THE ACM, November 1994, vol 37, no 11, page 56
The 'spiking' story, in obscure language.
Simmons and R J Hanson were two of the most responsible people for me coming to Sandia from
Washington State U.
Here are two of my former Ph.D. students in computer science from wsu.
NSA employee PAUL BRIDGE in about 1987 told me that Simmons was a
security risk and that I should not talk to Simmons.
In about 1992 I figured out something was fishy and began to talk to
Simmons again.
Simmons told me that he asked NSA employees Morris and Proto
  1  NSA is sorry it delegated responsibility for implementation
     of electronic locks in the us nuclear arsenal to Sandia.
  2  NSA wants the business back.
Simmons told me neither Morris or Proto would respond to his question.
Let's ALL     hope for settlement of this
UNFORTUNATE MESS.

@_date: 1998-07-10 07:31:34
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: FOIA, Navajo code talkers, Rule 54(b) and PROGRESS 
Friday 7/10/98 7:39 AM
John Young
I am reading 	
This FOIA stuff appears to be catchy.
Will you do a pro se lawsuit in case NSA does not come across?  There is some great stuff on the web on on that subject.
I just found
navahode.htm       Navaho Code Expert Dies                          June 26, 1998 NavaJo is spelled different in the southwest.
Carpet intaller George Chavez junior told me yesterday that his father
George senior was a code talker.
I told Chavez I would send him a copy of what you posted.
Chavez told me that Carl Gorman, RC Gorman's father
was also a code talker.
Chavez commented that RC is a 'bit wierd.'
Chavez is an UNMISTAKABLE Navajo native American -  complete with LONG
pony tail.
Native Americans in the southwest frequently have TWO names.  One an
anglo or hispanic
name and one their native American name.  Like Star Road or White Sun
made famous by Taos NM
artist Blumenschein.
I'll have to ask Chavez if he has another name.
   Life is to short to do everything in line.
   I lead multiple lives, that is why I have more adventures.
   Adam Fortunate Eagle, New Mexican, Sunday, 21 Aug 94
Morales and I believe we are going to win our lawsuits a result of
technical legal mistakes made both in district court and the two SHOW
CAUSE orders I mailed to you.  Partial rulings can cause problems.
Rule 54(b) is VERY COMPLEX.
Life is ABOUT back to normal.
First there was PATTY'S floor tile project in about March.
Then the trip to Austin to see our kids and new granddaughter
Then there was THE FLOOD.  Which was CAUSED BY A MICROCONTROLLER
DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION ERROR - blunder!  And perhaps some DEFICIENT
washing machine hardware design too.
Next was the about month delay caused by getting the Allstate insurance
adjuster to come around to the carpet sellers, our, and the Allstate insurance agent way of thinking about how much Allstate should pay.
Next was the several week delay ordering the carpet.
Last Thursday the downstairs carpet got installed.
Thursday, also, I spent in the ER - which stopped the Friday carpet
completion project.
So yesterday the carpet installers finished.  Looks GREAT!  And both the carpet installers were real nice guys.
And some legal filings while all of the other above was going on.
So the next two orders of business are
On your NSA FOIA I suggest that you seek a waiver of fees since the
material you seek benefits the public.
I just saw   DoE: Pay Bill Payne     DoJ: Free Jim Bell   DoJ: Free Kevin Mitnick THANK YOU.

@_date: 1998-07-20 07:40:30
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: USCA and Out of Order 
Monday 7/20/98 8:07 AM
John Young
Saw Payne/Morales v. NSA: Response to USCA Orders     July 19, 1998
Thank you and your helpers for all of the scanning work.
Morales and I talked on the phone last night about the next step.
We are going to move on the criminal privacy act violation. Ninth Circuit judge Proctor Hug has not responded.
However, Ninth circuit Senior Case Expiditer Gwen Baptiste returned
my complaint.
This, of course, has earned Baptiste a criminal complaint affidavit to
be filed with Hug again.
Morales was very insistant last night about the seriousness about the
judiciary not doing their jobs.
Reason is that improper handling of valid complaints can lead to
citizens - some of who might resort to socially unacceptable expressions
displeasure towards the judiciary.  Like ARTICLES RELATED TO OKLAHOMA CITY BOMBING seen at
Morales and I believe in using the law to fix the problem - now with
help from congress.
A Washington DC DOI whistleblower pointed me to the book,
  Out of Order : Arrogance, Corruption and Incompetence on the Bench -   Max Boot;       Hardcover
I read the Forward by Bjork on Friday afternoon.
I sure wish we could avoid unpleasantness I see coming by getting this
matter SETTLED.
Friday 5/1/98 9:48 AM
Certified   Return receipt requested
Cathy A Catterson, Clerk
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals
121 Spear Street
POB 193939
San Francisco, CA 94119-9800
415 744 9800
Dear Clerk Catterson:
Purpose of this letter is to discover the REASON the criminal complaint addressed to Ninth circuit judge Proctor Hug  Jr dated Wednesday  4/1/98  11:02 AM was
returned to me WITHOUT COVER LETTER.
I attach a copy of the envelope the above material was enclosed.  Return address is
Postmark is SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF  APR 24 98 U.S. POSTAGE $2.62
METER 504753.
The envelope is hand-addressed and stamped CONFIDENTIAL.
Since no cover letter was enclosed to explain the return of what I believe is
both a valid and lawful criminal complaint affidavit supported by WRITTEN
EVIDENCE, some even in FILED court documents, I feel we must investigate
to discover the REASON.
All of the accused are federal employees or contractor employees.
Possibility exists that return of the enclosed criminal complaint affidavit without
cover letter stating the REASON may indicate violation of Title 18
  ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant   [(b)]  Whoever knowingly ...  corruptly persuades another  person, or  attempts to do so, or engages in misleading conduct toward another person, with intent to -  ...
  (2) cause or induce any person to -      (A) withhold testimony, or withhold a record, document, or other object, from an            official proceeding; ...
  (3) hinder, delay, or prevent the communication to a law enforcement officer or judge of the United             States of information relating to the commission or possible commission of a Federal offense ...
        shall be fined under  this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both.    (c) Whoever intentionally harasses another person and thereby hinders, delays, prevents, or dissuades any               person   from - ...
    (2) reporting to a law enforcement officer or judge of the United States the commission or possible
          commission of a Federal offense ...  or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not           more than one year, or both. Clerk Catterson, you may be aware  that under ï¿½ 1512
  (d) In a prosecution for an offense under this section, it is an affirmative defense, as to which the defendant     has the  burden of proof by a preponderance of the evidence, that the conduct consisted solely of lawful   conduct ...
Therefore, I ask that you investigate to discover WHO returned the enclosed criminal complaint affidavit to And report the REASON the criminal complaint affidavit was returned to me.
I ask that you respond within 30 days.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111
Wednesday  4/1/98  11:02 AM
Certified   Return receipt requested
Proctor Hug  Jr
Chief Judge, Ninth Circuit
50 West Liberty Reno, NV 89501-1948
(702) 784-5631
784-5166 fax
Dear judge Hug:
Purposes of this letter-affidavit are to file criminal complaint affidavits against
1  judge Marilyn Hall Patel for not properly processing a  criminal  violation of the Privacy Act, 2  former Ninth Circuit chief judge J Clifford Wallace for not properly  processing criminal complaint affidavits for
    a  felony perjury violation by Sandia National Laboratories lawyer  Gregory Cone,
    b  judge Fern Smith for not properly processing a felony perjury  violation by Sandia National Laboratories          lawyer Gregory Cone.     c  Albuquerque FBI special agent in charge Thomas Kneir for sending  FBI agents Kohl and Schum to my         home in an attempt to intimidate me from exercising my civil rights.
    d  Margret D. Thomas, Judicial Assistant to the Honorable Marilyn Hall  Patel, for not forwarding a valid         criminal complaint affidavit  regarding a criminal violation of the Privacy Act to Patel.
Brief history would be valuable for your understanding of this matter.
  Sandia has long been involved with the security of America's nuclear  arsenal. As they announce on their website: "We are funded primarily by  the U.S. Department of Energy to design all the non-nuclear opponents of  the nation's nuclear weapons"    This includes the cryptographic locks used to secure the nukes.    NSA supplies the algorithms and implementation guidelines to Sandia.  In about 1982 I became project leader of the Missile Secure Cryptographic Unit [MSCU].
The MSCU was funded by the National Security Agency [NSA].
As a result of my about 4 year work with NSA, I was given access to its cryptographic algorithms by one document and many electronic schematics.
I wrote a book
            ISBN: 0125475705
            Title: Embedded Controller Forth For The 8051 Family
            Author: Payne
            Imprint: Academic Press
            Published: September 1990
about the software technology we used for the MSCU.
In 1986 I transferred to build the data authenticator for the Department of Energy's Deployable Seismic Verification System [DSVS]for the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty [CTBT].
NSA liaison for the DSVS/CTBT project offered information to me that NSA regarded former president Reagan as one of the US's foremost traitors for the reason    First, U.S. President Ronald Reagan informed the world on national television that the United States was       reading Libyan communications.  This admission was part  of a speech justifying the retaliatory bombing of   Libya for  its alleged involvement in the La Belle discotheque   bombing in Berlin's Schoeneberg district,   where two U.S.  soldiers and a Turkish woman were killed, and 200 others  injured. Reagan wasn't talking   about American monitoring of   Libyan news broadcasts. Rather, his "direct,  precise, and  undeniable proof"   referred to secret (encrypted) diplomatic  communication between Tripoli and the Libyan embassy in East   Berlin.
which is further explained at   It may be the greatest intelligence scam of the century: For decades, the US has routinely intercepted and
  deciphered top secret encrypted messages of 120 countries.
In early 1992 a Sandia labs director decided that he and his subordinates were going to enter the data authentication business.
The director transferred me to break electronic locks for the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  This work was funded by the FBI/Engineering Research Facility [FBI/ERF], Quantico, VA.
I ordered about $200,000 of the FBI/ERF's money buying two copies of electronic locks.
One lock I ordered was the Hirsch Scramblepad electronic lock.
In about 1991 I was following progress of lawsuits in the district of Northern California,
  The first two cases to directly address the issue of  intermediate copying both originated in California's
  Northern District Court.  They are Atari v. Nintendo and  Sega v. Accolade.  In both cases, the district court   found that intermediate copying was NOT fair use.
  [The New Use of Fair Use:  Accessing Copyrighted Programs Through   Reverse Engineering, Stephen B. Maebius, Journal of the Patent and   Trademark Office Society, June 1993, 75, n6, p433]
Judge Fern Smith presided in both cases.
Reason I was following Atari v Nintendo was that I my Forth book I have two chapters on reverse engineering software.
One chapter contains a computer program which copied a ROM BIOS to diskette.
Smith's decisions made my intermediate copying program illegal.
  In a strong opinion she [Fern Smith] wrote in March 1991,  when granting Nintendo's request for a             preliminary  injunction against Atari, she lambasted Atari's lawyers for  thievery.
I was given the job assignment to copy the ROMs of Hirsch's 8051-based Scramblepad electronic lock to reverse engineer them to hopefully allow me to modify the locks for allow surreptitious entry.
I refused to engage in illegal activity for the FBI.
The termination letter seen at  states
  This is to advise you that effective July 27, 1992, you  will be terminated from Sandia National Laboratories.     This action is the results of your flagrant attack on a valued   Sandia customer and repeated insensitivity to   security/classification requirement.  These acts violate   Sandia National Laboratories Code of Conduct,   specifically  the Personal Conduct section,, and the Safeguarding  Information and Records Section. ...
for my whistleblowing SAND report on the National Security Agency's deficient work and refusing to mark classified on a report I and Danny Drummond wrote on how to fake Wiegand Wire access entry credentials for the FBI.
Both I and my EEOC complaint officer Ray Armenta were never able to determine exactly why I was fired.
However March 22, 1997 I received copies of the enclosed
  1  April 15, 1994 letter to EEOC director Charles Burtner  from Sandia Diversity Leadership director       Michael G. Robles.
  2  July 27, 1997 Termination of Employment memorandum containing my signature.
  3  DISCIPLINARY REVIEW COMMITTEE MINUTES, July 16, 1992.
  4  DISCIPLINARY REVIEW COMMITTEE MINUTES, July 6, 1989.
  5  September 6, 1995 letter from EEOC Investigator Larry J.      Trujillo to Richard Gallegos.
from Sandian Richard Gallegos.
Sandia lawyer Harold Folley previously stated that no documents existed.
The Privacy Act states
  (d) Access to Records.--Each agency that maintains a system
  of records shall--
            (1) upon request by any individual to gain access
        to his record or to any information pertaining to him
        which is contained in the system, permit him and upon
        his request, a person of his own choosing to accompany
        him, to review the record and have a copy made of all
        or any portion thereof in a form comprehensible to him,
        except that the agency may require the individual to
        furnish a written statement authorizing discussion of
        that individual's record in the accompanying person's
        presence;
The Sandia Disciplinary Review Committee NEVER interviewed me to check the veracity of their statements.
The Privacy Act states
  (2) permit the individual to request amendment of a record pertaining to       him and--
The statements in the SDRC are incorrect. I followed all Sandia procedures known to me.  I did nothing wrong.
I had no opportunity to defend myself.  My rights guaranteed under the Constitution, Bill of Rights, Article XIV.
  Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and     subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the  United States    and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any   law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the   United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty,   or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within   its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
have been violated.
C My permission was never asked to release these records to Gallegos.
As you may realize about the Privacy Act
  (b) Conditions of Disclosure.--No agency shall disclose any
  record which is contained in a system of records by any means
  of communication to any person, or to another agency, except
  pursuant to a written request by, or with the prior written
  consent of, the individual to whom the record pertains ...
The Privacy Act allows imposition of criminal penalties for those like members of the SDRC, Robles, Burtner,  and Trujillo who   (i)(1) Criminal Penalties.--Any officer or employee of an
  agency, who by virtue of his employment or official position,
  has possession of, or access to, agency records which contain
  individually identifiable information the disclosure of which
  is prohibited by this section or by rules or regulations
  established thereunder, and who knowing that disclosure of the
  specific material is so prohibited, willfully discloses the
  material in any manner to any person or agency not entitled to
  receive it, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and fined not more
  than $5,000.
    (2) Any officer or employee of any agency who willfully
  maintains a system of records without meeting the notice
  requirements of subsection (e)(4) of this section shall be
  guilty of a misdemeanor and fined not more than $5,000.
I forward criminal complaint affidavits on the above individuals to selected magistrate judge Marilyn Hall Patel.
Patel ignored my complaints. I return to the subject of breaking electronic locks for the FBI/ERF.
Smith's two decisions were overturned on appeal.
  However, both cases have been overruled on appeal. In the
  ground-breaking Atari decision, the Federal Circuit held
  that intermediate copying was a fair use.  The Sega
  decision, which was appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of
  Appeals, similarly overruled the district court and held
  that intermediate copying may be fair use.
Sandia patents and trademark lawyer Gregory A. Cone in the enclosed affidavit for a ADEA lawsuit I filed in the District of New Mexico stated
  AFFIDAVIT OF GREGORY A. CONE
  Gregory A. Cone, being duly sworn, deposes and states:
  1. I am employed by Sandia Corporation.  I am an attorney
  admitted to practice law in the State of California and before the
  U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and concentrate on legal issues
  related to patent and copyright law.  In that capacity, I am   familiar with activities at the Sandia National Laboratories
  ("Sandia") as they related to what is sometimes referred to as
  "reverse engineering ." ...
  [I]t is the general view at Sandia that disassembly of "object
  code" under such circumstances constitutes a "fair use" of
  copyrighted software under 17 U.S.C. article 107 and is thus
  permissible.  Sandia bases its view on Sega Enterprises v.
  Accolade, Inc. 977 F.2d 1510, 24 U.S.P. Q. 2d 1561 (9th Cir.
  1992), amended, 1993 U. S. App. LEXIS 78, and Atari Games Corp
  v. Nintendo of America, Inc, 975 F.2d 832 (Fed. Cir.   1992).  ...
  FURTHER, Affidavit sayeth naught.
  (signed)
  GREGORY A. CONE
  SUBSCRIBED, SWORN TO and ACKNOWLEDGED before me on this 12th
  day of August, 1993, by Gregory A. Cone."
  (signed)
  Mary A. Resnick
  Notary Public
  My Commission Expires:
  2-7-94
Cone has the two citations reversed.  The U. S. Patent Quarterly references the Atari v Nintendo lawsuit 1510 should be corrected to 1015.
Cone issued the above affidavit to District of New Mexico federal court in attempt to show that I had no legal reason to refuse to  reverse engineer the Hirsch Scramblepad electronic lock.
I was covered under 10 C.F.R. 708 - DOE CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE PROTECTION PROGRAM for my refusal to reverse engineer the Hirsch Scramblepad code.     708.1 Purpose,
  This part establishes procedures for timely and effective   processing of complaints by employees of contractors performing
  work at sites owned or leased by the Department of Energy (DOE),
  concerning alleged discriminatory actions taken by their employers
  in retaliation for the disclosure of information relative to health   and safety, mismanagement, and other matters as provided in 708.5(a),
  for participation in proceeding before Congress, or for the refusal
  to engage in illegal or dangerous activities." ...
Cone's affidavit attempts to create the appearance that reverse engineering was legal before July 27, 1992, the date of my firing.
  Title 18, Chapter 79, Article 1623 felony perjury.       Article 1623 - False declarations before grand jury or court
 (a) Whoever under oath (or in any declaration, certificate,
 verification, or statement under penalty of perjury as permitted  under section 1746 of title 28, United States Code) in any
 proceeding before or ancillary to any court or grand jury of
 the United States knowingly make any false material declaration  or makes or uses any other information, including any book, paper,
 document, record, recording, or other material, knowing the same
 to contain any false material declaration, shall be fined not more
 than $10,000 or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.
Decision of the Atari Games Corp. v. Nintendo of America appeal cited at page 1016 from 24 USPQ 2d was Decided SEPTEMBER 10, 1992.  I was fired JULY 27, 1992 so my work assignment was illegal at the time I refused.
Therefore, Cone committed felony perjury IN WRITING filed with New Mexico District Federal Court.
Chronological review of criminal complaint affidavits would be valuable before I present the current criminal complaint affidavits.
1  Monday March 11, 1996 10:05 I wrote judge Fern Smith a certified return receipt requested letter to ask her to either arrange or personally indict Sandia lawyer Cone for felony perjury.
Smith did not respond.
2 Friday May 31, 1996 08:58 I write the criminal complaint affidavit for the arrest of Sandia lawyer Cone and appoint judge Fern Smith as magistrate.
3 Thursday June 13 on orders of Smith and Albuquerque FBI special agent in charge Thomas Kneir FBI agents Kohl and Schum visited my home at 17:08 to investigate me for sending letters referenced in 1 and 2 to Smith.
4  In response to 3 on Tuesday July 9, 1996 06:52 I filed criminal complaint affidavit against Cone, again, for felony perjury with J. Clifford Wallace, chief judge, Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.  Smith for
  ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony   Whoever, having knowledge of the actual commission of a felony cognizable     by a court of the United States, conceals and  does not as soon as possible make   known the same to some judge or other   person in civil or military authority under the
  United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more  than three years,   or both.
for Smith's failure to properly process Cone's felony perjury and
  ï¿½ 241. Conspiracy against rights   If two or more persons conspire to injure, oppress, threaten, or     intimidate any person in any State, Territory, or District in
  the free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege secured to him   by the Constitution or laws of the United States, or because of his     having so exercised the same; ...
for sending, with Knier, FBI agents Kohl and Schum to my home in an attempt to intimidate me.
Knier for Conspiracy against rights for his complicity with Smith.
5  Monday July 15, 1996 06:23 I write Wallace again inquiring why he has not 6  August 15, 1996 Thursday Ms. Corina Orozco, Deputy Clerk, Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals writes me to tell me
  In the future, all correspondence should be addressed to the
  Clerk of the Court.  Do not address any correspondence to
  any one specific judge of this court.
7  September 12, 1996 06:20 I inform Orozco by letter that she is obstructing justice.   I ask Orozco to desist.
8 July 25, 1996 Senior Case Expeditor [sic], Gwen Baptiste from the Office of the Clerk, United States Court of Appeals for The Ninth Circuit, writes
         Re: Complaint of Judicial Misconduct
      We have received your complaint of judicial misconduct.
      Pursuant to the Rules of the Judicial Council of the Ninth
      Circuit Governing Complaints of Judicial Misconduct or
      Disability, you complaint is being returned to you for
      compliance with the above rules.  A copy of these rules is
      enclosed.  To understand the purpose of the procedure and
      who may be complaint about please refer to Rules 1 and 2.
9  Wednesday September 18, 1996 11:05 by certified, return receipt requested mail I write Wallace again told tell him
  Lawyer Wallace, I did not intend to file or did I file a
  complaint of judicial misconduct.
  Lawyer Wallace, I filed a criminal complaint affidavit as I have
  a right to as a citizen of the United States of America when the
  criminal acts are committed by government personnel, their
  contractors, Department of Justice and judicial personnel.
10  Wednesday November 27, 1996 09:18 I wrote certified, return receipt requested letter to inform Wallace
  Purpose of this letter is to inform you of consequences of your failure     to perform your duties as required by law as magistrate judge.  You are   committing felony violations of law.
  If I have not complied with all applicable rules, then I ask that you   inform me of any non-compliance so that I can correct my criminal   complaints and re-submit them.
  I satisfied the requirement of the Constitution and Rules 3 and 4, and   issued written and sworn complaints that set forth the essential facts   constituting the offenses charged against Smith, Kneir, and Cone.  I   also showed facts showing that the offenses were committed by Smith,   Kneir and Cone and these individuals committed them.
  So I ask that you do your job and proceed with supervision of the   arrest and prosecution of Smith, Kneir, and Cone for title 18 felony   violations of law.
11  Monday March 24, 1997 17:57 I write a certified - return receipt requested letter to Marilyn Hall Patel, District Judge; California,  Northern to inform her she has been selected as magistrate to process the criminal complaint affidavit against Sandia Diversity Director Michael G. Robles for sending the enclosed SDRC report to Burtner of EEOC.
Robles did this without my written permission and without checking the accuracy of the information.  The information contained in the SDRC report is false and defaming.
12  Monday April 21, 1997 13:44 I write Patel a certified - return receipt requested letter containing a criminal complaint affidavit against Charles L Burtner, Director, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission [EEOC] Larry J. Trujillo, Investigator, Phoenix District Office for sending the false and libelous enclosed documents to Richard Gallegos in Albuquerque without my written consent.
13 Thursday May 8, 1997 06:30 I write a certified - return receipt requested to Patel containing
  Purpose of this letter is to file a criminal complaint   affidavit against Sandia National Laboratories [Sandia]    Disciplinary Review Committee members and attendees G. H.   Libman, R.A. Polocasz,  D. B. Davis,  M. E. Courtney,    W. R. Geer, C. A. Searls, J. D.  Giachino,  R. L. Ewing,    A. M. Torneby, R. B. Craner,  C. W. Childers,  E. Dunckel,    D. S. Miyoshi, J. J McAuliffe,  J. D. Martin, and  R. C.   Bonner for violation of the criminal penalties section of   the Privacy Act, 5 USC 552a(i)(2) and Title 18 felony   violations of Civil Rights, Section 241, Conspiracy against   right to citizens.
for their roles in maintaining an illegal system of records.
Sandia refused to acknowledge existence of the enclosed SDRC report and for denying my rights guaranteed under the Constitution.
I was never interviewed by the SDRC committee or had any chance to defend my self against the false and defaming claims of the SDRC.
14 Friday June 13, 1997 12:41 I write a certified, return receipt requested to Wallace containing a criminal complaint affidavit against Margret D. Thomas, Judicial Assistant to the Honorable Marilyn Hall Patel for violating    ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant ...
  (C) prevent the communication by any person to a law enforcement officer    or judge of the United States of information relating to the commission    or possible commission of a Federal offense ...
  (3) hinder, delay, or prevent the communication to a law enforcement   officer or judge of the United States of information relating to the     commission or possible commission of a Federal offense ...
  shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or    both. for writing on May 9, 1997
 	      Criminal Section
Judge Hug, Rule 3 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure,  entitled the Complaint provides:
   The complaint is a written statement of the essential facts  constituting the offense charged.   It shall be     made upon  oath before a magistrate.
As you may be aware,
  An individual may "make a written complaint on oath before an  examining and committing magistrate, and   obtain a warrant of  arrest."  This is in conformity with the Federal Constitution,   and "consonant with the   principles of natural justice and    personal liberty found in the common law."
   [United States v Kilpatrick (1883, DC NC) 16G 765, 769]
You may also be aware,
   A complaint though quite general in terms is valid if it  sufficiently apprises the defendant of the nature of    the offense with which he is charged.
   [United States v Wood (1927, DC Tex) 26F2d 908, 910, affd    (CA5 Tex) 26 F2d 912.]
And for your edification,
   The commission of a crime must be shown by facts positively stated.  The oath or affirmation required is of    facts and not  opinions or conclusion.
   [United States ex rel. King v Gokey (1929, DC NY) 32 F2d
    93, 794]
   The complaint must be accompanied by an oath.
   [Re Rules of Court (1877, CC Ga) 3 Woods 502, F Cas No
    2126]
   A complaint must be sworn to before a commissioner or other  officer empowered to commit persons    charged with offenses  against the United States.
   [United States v Bierley ( 1971, WD Pa) 331 F Supp 1182]
   Such office is now called a magistrate.
   A complaint is ordinarily made by an investigating officer or  agent, and where private citizens seek    warrants of arrest, the    practice recommended by the Judicial Conference of the United    States is to refer the complaint to the United States Attorney.    However, further reference to him is    rendered futile where a   mandamus proceeding is brought to compel him to prosecute and    he opposes the proceeding.
   [Pugach v Klein (1961, SD NY) 193 F Supp 630, citing Manual
    for United States Commissioners 5 (1948)]
Any attempt to bring criminal complaints to government authorities would, of course, be futile.
I am a citizen of the United States and, judge Hug, you are the assigned magistrate.
   In order to satisfy the requirement of the Constitution and Rules 3 and 4, a written and sworn complaint    should set forth   the essential facts constituting the offense charged and also    facts showing that the offense    was committed and that the  defendant committed it.
   As to the requirement that the complaint be made on personal knowledge of the complainant, it is enough    for the issuance of a warrant that a complainant shows it to be on the  knowledge of the complainant.
   [Giordenello v United States (1958) 357 US 480, 2 L Ed. 2d
    1503, 78 S Ct 1245, rev. (Ca5 Tx) 241 F2d 575, 579 in accord
    Rice v Ames (1901) 180 US 371, 45 L Ed 577, 21 S ct 406, and
    United States v Walker, (1952, CA2 NY) 197 F 2d 287, 289,
    cert den 344 US 877, 97 L Ed 679, 73 S Ct 172]
So as to keep contiguous the requirements of the law ad the criminal complaint affidavit, I will include these complaints in this letter to you.
      CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVIT:  J Clifford Wallace
Essential material facts are:
1 Tuesday July 9, 1996 06:52 Payne files criminal complaint affidavit on Sandia lawyer Cone for felony perjury with J Clifford Wallace, chief judge, Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and judge Fern Smith for Misprision of felony for failure to prosecute Cone and Conspiracy against rights for sending, with FBI Albuquerque agent-in-charge Knier, FBI agents Kohl and Schum to Payne's home in an attempt to intimidate Payne.
2  Repeated attempts by certified return receipt requested mail to urge Wallace to do his job enumerated to 5-10 and 14 above in this letter go unanswered.
Count 1  Wallace made no attempt to bring lawyer Cone to justice despite possessing WRITTEN evidence of criminal activity.  Therefore,  Wallace is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Wallace's failure to properly process criminal complaint affidavit.
Count 2  Wallace made no attempt to bring judge Fern Smith to justice despite possessing WRITTEN evidence of misprision of felony for not properly processing the criminal complaint affidavit against lawyer Cone and ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant for sending FBI agents Kohl and Schum to Payne's home in an attempt to intimidate Payne. Therefore , Wallace is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Wallace's failure to properly process a criminal complaint affidavit.
Count 3  Wallace made no attempt to bring FBI agent-in-charge to justice for violation of ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant for sending FBI agents Kohl and Schum to Payne's home in an attempt to intimidate Payne. Wallace is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Wallace's failure to properly process a criminal complaint affidavit.
Count 4  Wallace made no attempt to bring MARGARET D. THOMAS to justice for violation of   ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant ... for writing Thomas' May 9, 1997 to Payne. Wallace is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Wallace's failure to properly process a criminal complaint affidavit.
                             	VERIFICATION
    	Under penalty of perjury as provided by law, the undersigned certifies 	pursuant to 28 USC section               1746 that material factual statements set forth in this criminal complaint are true and correct, except                 as to any matters therein stated to be information and belief of such matters the undersigned certifies               as aforesaid that the undersigned verily believes the same to be true.
          	Date               William H. Payne
                                    13015 Calle de Sandias NE
                                    Albuquerque, NM 87111
                                    505-292-7037
      CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVIT: Marilyn Hall Patel
Essential material facts are:
1 Patel failed to respond to certified return receipt requested criminal complaint affidavits specified in 11 - 13 in this letter.
Count 1  Patel made did not properly process criminal complaint affidavits despite being in possession of documents showing criminal violations of the Privacy Act and violation of civil rights. Therefore,  Patel is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Patel's failure to properly process criminal complaint affidavits.
                             	VERIFICATION
    	Under penalty of perjury as provided by law, the undersigned certifies 	pursuant to 28 USC section               1746 that material factual statements set forth in this criminal complaint are true and correct, except                 as to any matters therein stated to be information and belief of such matters the undersigned certifies               as aforesaid that the undersigned verily believes the same to be true.
          	Date                William H. Payne
                                    13015 Calle de Sandias NE
                                    Albuquerque, NM 87111
                                    505-292-7037
Judge Hug, I have been  extremely patient with judges and clerks of the district of Northern California and Ninth Circuit.  Criminal compliant affidavits were filed between March 11, 1996 and June 13, 1997.
Nothing has happened as of April 1, 1998.
I ask that you   1  issue warrants of arrest or
  2  inform me why you cannot proceed to do what I request
within 60 calendar days.
Smith's case is particularly egregious. Smith and Albuquerque FBI agent in charge James K. Weber, who replaced Kneir, sent US Marshals Lester and Lopez to my home on  January 24, 1997 in a second attempt to intimidate me.
Anotin Scalia was appointed magistrate to process criminal complaint affidavits against Smith and others for the second intimidation attempt.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111
              1746 that material factual statements set forth in this criminal complaint are true and correct, except                 as to any matters therein stated to be information and belief of such matters the undersigned certifies               as aforesaid that the undersigned verily believes the same to be true.
          	Date               William H. Payne
                                    13015 Calle de Sandias NE
                                    Albuquerque, NM 87111
                                    505-292-7037
Privacy Act criminal violation documents, 11 pages
AFFIDAVIT OF GREGORY A. CONE,  4 pages
May 9, 1997 letter from MARGARET D. THOMAS, 1 page

@_date: 1998-07-22 19:54:03
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: NSA willfully and knowingly attempted to sabotage DOE/Sandia cryptographic projects 
Wednesday 7/22/98 8:39 PM
Softwar Charles R. Smith follows the money trail of U.S. crypto policy.
7707 Whirlaway Dr. Midlothian, VA 23112
TOLL FREE 1 - 877 - 639 - 1608
softwar at us.net
I will send by snail mail a copy of July 6, 1998 FOIA request
951102002 response from Herbert Richardson for
  	all investigative report authored at DOE in to my allegations
  	that NSA willfully and knowingly attempted to sabotage DOE/
plus enclosures.
I will phone later for your input on what I should do for further
action.  Other than appeal, of course.
Some at Sandia got into a crypto battle with NSA.
Let's all hope for settlement before matters get WORSE.
And matters are GETTING WORSE.

@_date: 1998-07-23 08:15:21
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: allahu akbar crowd 
Thursday 7/23/98 9:06 AM
John Young
Nice to talk to you last night.
I am concerned too about what may happen. So was Hans Buehler.  He phoned me from Zurich to discuss
his concerns several years ago.
Getting things settled is up to congress.  Rep McKinney and Sen Grassley are the contact points.  Both got
copies of the Swiss Radio International tapes.
Buehler, later, on the phone seemed resigned to what may happen.
Nothing he can do about it.
But there is something congress can do about it.
GET IT SETTLED!

@_date: 1998-07-23 12:11:15
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: encryption devices, radiation-hardened devices , Forth and an INTELLIGENT UPS 
Thursday 7/23/98 12:16 PM
John Young
I am looking at REASON we did the 8051 Forth at Sandia is that I was ORDERED by
department manager Kent Parsons to port Forth from the 8085
to the 8051.
Sandia built a radiation-hardened 8085 chip set.
However, the 8085 took up lots of room and did not have timers, serial
expansion, bit-addressable registers/memory, on-board UART, etc.
Parsons helped convince Sandia upper management to build the 8051 as
a rad-hard part.
The guys doing the 8051 testing of the Sandia rad-hard part were writing
SIMPLE machine language programs to test the part.
Like hooking an LED to a port, flashing the LED, to see when it quit
while being irradiated.
We pointed out that running Forth itself exercises much of the 8051.
In addition writing test code for the instructions and hardware not
directly exercised by Forth was easy, in comparison to other software
technologies.  Either in high-level Forth or Forth assembler.
I managed a contract for Jerry Boutelle, author of the Nautilus II
metacompiler, to write test code for Sandia's 8051 rad-hard part.
Then, of course, I wrote a SANDIA-APPROVED book about our port of 8085
FIG Forth to the 8051.
    And we shared the source code and documentation with anyone interested
in learning what we did.   While writing this note, I am watching an 8051 Forth run the test code
: XX 2 BASE ! 0
  BEGIN DUP U. 1+ ?TERMINAL   UNTIL ;
to see how many 8051 machines still work.
Letï¿½s switch subject to A NEW INNOVATION in Uninterruptable Power
Yesterday I bought a CyberPower Power 98/250VA for all for $59.95! at
Best Buy. Previously I looked at CompUSA at a APC 250 which had a rebate making
the final cost $79.99.  But NO MICROCONTROLLER and, thus, no brains.
CyberPower has a MICROCONTROLLER in it.
Here is what you get.
1  lead/acid battery
2  SERIAL PORT in the UPS
3  Three UPS sockets - one for a transformer
4  Three surge-protected sockets - one for a transformer  450 joule
5  3.5 diskette containing Win 3.xx/9x software
6  One 9 pin rs232 cable
7  One 6 foot rj11 cable
8  Two rj11 surge-protected sockets.
Here is the idea.
The UPS monitors the line voltage.  When the line voltage fails, then the UPS switches to battery.
The UPS then sends a message to your PC over the rs232.
The CyberPower software then closes all open files then turns
off your PC.
I am only running our PC and 15 inch screen from the battery backed up
supply.  Modem and printer go to the surge-protected sockets.
I pulled out the plug to the CyberPower Power 98/250VA and it switched over to battery.
I noticed some lines across the screen.  I attribute the lines to dc/ac
conversion and voltage step-up.
UNFORTUNATELY, I am using com1 for our mouse and com2
for our external modem.
Therefore, I am not able to try the software yet.
Alternative I have to fix this problem are get a
1   PS2 mouse and free-up com1
2   get another serial card for about $20.
Green return receipt request card received today indicated that
 was received on Friday July 17, 1998
Letï¿½s all hope this HORRIBLE matter gets settled soon so we can all move
on to OTHER constructive projects.

@_date: 1998-07-28 07:20:52
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Fishers ORDER of July 22, 1998 
Tuesday 7/28/98 7:34 AM
John Young
Morales and I met for lunch yesterday.
We formulated our response to Fisherï¿½s ORDER of July 22, 1998.
We will get it out this week.
Wayland wants to meet this morning to talk BUSINESS.
I attach what I wrote for Wayland's and his Texas A&M buddies
SBIR proposal.
I am also working on the techie side of the digital FX.
I am getting 8051 machines working AGAIN.  Thank goodness I wrote a book documenting what we did.
I have to study my own book to TRY TO figure out what is going
Our phone conversation when you told me about some SCARY
people you met some years ago reminds me of Sandian James Gosler.
Sandia transferred me into Robert Ewingï¿½s division to break electronic
locks for the FBI.
Gosler was then made Ewingï¿½s projects boss.
It was at this time that Gosler told me that my abilities were being
breaking locks for the FBI.
Gosler told me he was going to transfer me to an NSA project.  I refused.  NSA requires signed oneï¿½s civil liberties away to work on their
projects. After I just met Bob Wayland, Wayland told me to keep away from Gosler.
Wayland told me - and others too - that one of Goslerï¿½s female employees
invited Gosler to her home after work.
Gosler raped her, I was told.
Gosler threatened to kill her if she revealed the rape, I was told.
My former department manager, Kent Parsons, and Forth advocate told me
that he thought that Gosler
was ï¿½one of Sandiaï¿½s true crazies.ï¿½
Gosler is the supervisor to told me
  When Payne balked, his supervisor said Payne "did not choose his jobs.
Rather, Sandia assigns     duties to"  him. What scares me is that guys like Gosler are working for our government.
Letï¿½s all hope for settlement before this matter gets WORSE.
         	WEED KILLER computer interface proposal section 7/27/98 10:11 AM
Solution to controlling and collecting data from the WEED KILLER involves interfacing a personal computer
running a version of the Windows operating system to the WEED KILLER analog/digital hardware.
Windows is not a real-time operating system, therefore  microcontroller controller/collector hardware interface must be installed between a Wintel PC and the WEED KILLER hardware.
Essence of the Wintel data collector problem is that Windows 3.x or 9x responds to a hardware interrupt
usually between 70 to 150 microseconds.  In rare occasions the interrupt latency may extend to 1.5 milliseconds or even longer.  A microcontroller responds to an interrupt in several microseconds.
Wintel hardware controller interface is even more difficult than collection for the reason that the Windows operating system only gives control to an application when Windows decides.  In the collection, mode at
least a hardware interrupt signals Windows that the application wants control.  However, the microcontroller
can send the Wintel an interrupt asking the applications code whether there is any message it needs to
send the microcontroller.
Microcontrollers have specialized timers, serial expansion ports and are, therefore, designed to be interfaced to analog and digital hardware. An 80C32 family microcontroller is proposed for the WEED KILLER application for reasons.
1  The 80C32 will do the job.
2  Multiple vendors of 80C32 guarantee future supply at a competitive price.  Current suppliers include
 Intel, AMD, Winbond, Dallas, Philips, Siemens, OKI,  ATMEL, ... 3  High-speed parallel port bi-directional IEEE 1284 enhanced capability port 9 (ecp) communications hardware between an 80C32 and PC is in the final stage of development.
4  IEEE 1284 hardware drivers are supplied with Windows NT.  Custom assembler dll drivers are available
for 9x and 3.x.
5  A public-domain Forth 8051 operating system hosting a high-level language and interactive assembler with complete source code documentation is available on Internet. Hardcover book further documenting 5 is available from Academic Press.
Only a Wintel machine is required for both hardware and software for the WEED KILLER project.  Usually a Forth hardware/software development probject on requres a voltmeter, logic probe, and, infrequently, an oscilloscope.  Reason  is the INTERACTIVE control of the hardware and software
from a PC keyboard and diagnostic information easily printed to a PC monitor.
Justification for assertion made in the above paragraph comes from Internet.
NASA uses Forth extensively for its space programs. Ballard used polyForth to locate wrecks of the Titanic, Bismarck, and Yorktown.
Sun Microsystems workstation boot into Forth then invokes Solaris. Adobe Postscript is a version of Forth. Video game software are written mostly in Forth.
The Wintel side of the WEED KILLER project will be most-likely written in a small
amount of assembler interface code and Visual Basic.
While Forth threaded code software technology is extremely valuable in some settings,
it is not in others.
Java is a variation of Forth.  Future of Java on Wintel machines is unclear at this time.
For example,
  The hottest items among techies is a browser called Opera.     This is a $40 shareware program that in speed and compact     size buts both IE and Communicator to shame.  It has a slightly     different interface from either of the majors - an interface some find      refreshing while other find less than useful.  As it's shareware, you can     try and then buy if you like it.  One reason for its speed is that it ignores     Java - the Internet's Bandwidth Pig (IBP).     The Rumor Mill by Paul Cassel
  ComputerScene Magazine  July 1998   Forth executes code High-level at about 10% the speed of a compiled high-level
Speed of execution of small applications is not effected by Forthï¿½s slow execution.
Reason is that initial code is written in high-level Forth.  Inner loops are then translated into Forth assembler.
Speed is maintained with the advantage that data structures are created an maintained in
high-level language while the interactive operating system is retained for trouble shooting
both hardware and software problem.
Hardware cost of building the 80C32 the WEED KILLER boards is estimated at $10k.
Hardware design is estimated at 1 month labor at $50/hr for a total of $8k.
Software development on the 80C32 side in Forth and Forth assembler, software on the
Wintel side in Visual Basic and assembler, documentation, and training is estimated to
be 4 months for a total of $32k
 /\/\/\
Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199

@_date: 1998-07-31 08:19:05
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Cracking DES earlier 
Friday 7/31/98 8:23 AM
John Young
I am reading  parts of Bill Goldrick and I talked on the phone several days ago.
Goldrick had been reading about Cracking DES at jya.com.
Goldrick reminded me that in the late 1980s that NSA employee Mark
Unkenholtz told me and others at Sandia that NSA had broken DES.
Unkenholtz is the ï¿½Markï¿½ mentioned at  Appendix S.
Amy Johnston, cc,  was Mark Unkenholtzï¿½s fiancee.  I faxed the Hern DRAFT letter to her for reason that NSA did not have an
unclassified fax machine readily available.
For those who might want to get Sandia crypto history right   "The First
Ten Years of Public Key Cryptography," Proceedings of the IEEE, 76(5),
May 1988. referenced at  1 was supervisor of Mark Schaefer who build the second CTBT seismic data
I used Schaeferï¿½s TEMPEST design schematics.
2  supervised deployment of the seismic stations in Hamar Norway.  This
is detailed
in William Burrows book Deep Black.
3  supervised Jim Walkup who was responsible for placing the CTBT data
described at   in the field.
                  date: September 11, 1991
                    to: Bill Payne, 9236
                        [Signature]
                  from: James Walkup, 9233
               subject: DSVS authenticator records
4  handled recall of some CLASSIFIED algorithm eprom chips that somehow
made their
way into the field in 3.
NSA believes that the  STEP size and non-linear feedback function are
CLASSIFIED SECRET/NSI.   The NSA R register feedback function is classified. For each data bit
processed, both the   F and R registers are stepped multiple times. The
number of steps is classified.
But we ALL now know the CLASSIFIED SECRET/NSI value is 31.
5  rejected NSA employee Donald Simardï¿½s  order to deploy the classified algorithm.
Simard told Goldrick that NSA would DECLASSIFY Benincasa's algorithm
Letï¿½s all hope for settlement of the unfortunate matter before it gets
I want to revise my book
It has been over about 27 years since I directed any Ph.D. students
     Perhaps I should get back into the business of directing and
participating in Ph.D thesis work?  I have some GREAT Ph.D. thesis topic
ideas in the area of
  FORTH is applicable to hardware intensive projects      implemented by one, two, or three workers.  Robots,      computer numerical controlled machines, weapons      programmers, cryptographic processors, engine      controllers, unmanned observatories, computer hardware      debuggers, laser printer graphics controllers, video      games, work station device drivers, writing BASICs are      all candidates for FORTH software technology.  FORTH is      a one of the top choices for embedded controller      applications.

@_date: 1998-07-31 11:13:25
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: From: dac@zurich.ibm.com (Marc Dacier) 
Friday 7/31/98 11:40 AM
John Young
I am looking at Dacier asked me why NSA/Sandia was concerned about what
each bit in an executable image did when I was in his office in
Zurich in April 1997.
Spiking, of course.  A SECRET OTHER FUNCTION to a device.
  NSA/Sandia doesnï¿½t trust its own employees!  On the other hand, NSA/Sandia employees donï¿½t trust NSA/Sandia either.
The REAL WORLD again.
IBM Zurich was BIG into Java.
Network World, July 20, 1998 page 6
  The incredible shrinking Java alliance
  By Chris Nerney and Andy Eddy
    A year ago there were four of them, members of a new alliance
  touting a potent new weapon designed to end Microsoft Corp.'s
  growing dominance in the computing industry.
    Now the Java Gang of Four is the Gang of Two and a Half.
    Java creator Sun Microsystems, Inc., of course, is still fully
  committed to the programming language, as is IBM. ...
Not looking good for Java future.
Java is similar to FORTH.  FORTH executes super-slow on high-level
in most machines.  About 10% of the speed of a compiled-language
program - such as Visual Basic.
Specialized Forth and Java machine can be made to run fast.
 and  But I am not confident Java or Forth machines are going anywhere.
May be hard to get parts in the future.  But I'm confident about the 80C32 supply!
Let's hope this UNFORTUNATE matter  gets
settled soon so that we can move on to constructive projects.
Since I was working the OTHER SIDE of
  Recent Advances in Intrusion Detection for the FBI, I might be able to give a nice talk about what the US
government is REALLY UP TO on defeating intrusion detection!
I am not reading e-mail.
Hi Matthias!
Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199

@_date: 1998-06-02 23:18:02
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: refrigerator magnet 
Monday 6/1/98 6:05 PM
I put the refrigerator magnet
          1945 509th COMPOSITE GROUP 1995
           FIRST ATOMIC BOMBARDMENT
             50th ANNIVERSARY
in the mail to you today.
Reason I sent the magnet is to show THAT THERE ARE SOME REALLY-SICK
MINDS [see reverse side of magnet] IN POWER in the US.
Just got off the phone with John Young.
Governments, including Japan, TRY to mess with peoples'
minds.  There is a book on this.
But I have a solution.  I do not read e-mail.  At this time.
I also believe in what Kahn wrote
   Thursday, March 20, 1980, 09:30 David Kahn addressed Congress,
        the Committee on Government Operations.
        Kahn stated to the committee,
             A final benefit is that refusing  to restrict cryptologic
             studies erects yet another rampart against the chipping
             of American liberties.  Is this rampart, again, worth the
             danger to national security?  Yes, because the danger is
             as acute as the N.S.A. wishes people to see it.  N.S.A.
             wants people to think that publication of cryptologic
             material would slam shut its window into the Third World
             countries.  In fact such publication has little effect ...
             The national security dangers are not so great as to
             dismantle individual freedom.
             For all of these reasons, then, no limitation should be
             placed on the study of cryptology.  And beyond them all
             something more fundamental, in the end, will probably
             prevent any restrictions anyway.  It is called the First
             Amendment.
             I thank you.
I hope you see that I am using the seventh amendment.
And even more adamantly I believe
  For what shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world and
lose his own soul.
  Kahn on Codes page 172
Best regards

@_date: 1998-06-02 23:20:54
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Dr. Abdul Qadeer [Kahn] 
Sunday 5/31/98 6:06 PM
J Orlin Grabbe
Read at  tonight
  India vs. Pakistan
  Another Pakistan Nuke..  Dr. Abdul Qadeer
Friday  5/15/1998 Albuquerque Journal, Universal Press Syndicate,
Syndicated Columnist Richard Reeves writes
  U.S. Indignation at Indiaï¿½s Nuclear Testing Hypocritical
  London -  So, India has conducted its second test of a nuclear weapon,
and its
  third, fourth, and fist and sixth, in the past few days.  That put it
1,026 tests
  behind the United States. ...
    This has been coming for a long, time - and we have been foolish or
  looking the wrong way for decades. Fifteen years ago, in 1983, we the
Reeves family,
  were living in the district called E-7, the best neighborhood in
Islamabad, the capital of   Pakistan.  (My wife was doing work involving refugee camps in the
northwest of the   country, across the border from the Afghan-Soviet war.)
    Like everyone else around there, including American diplomats, we
knew why military
  car arrived each morning to take the fellow around the corer, Abdel
Qadeer Kahn, to his
  office - or laboratory.  Kahn was in charge of building the bomb out
in the Pakistani desert
  at a place called Kahuta. This was the so-called ï¿½Islamic bombï¿½ ready
for use against India,
  which had conducted its first test in 1974.  Whatever we though,
Pakistanis believed nuclear
  weapons were essential to checkmate the change of being overwhelmed by
India., their
  10-time-as-big neighbor.  ...
Small world. See Los Angeles Times syndicated columnist Richard Reeves
at John Young's voice telephone is being picked-up by his fax tonight.
Let's all hope for prompt peaceful settlement of the unfortunate matter.

@_date: 1998-06-02 23:22:58
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Reeves 5/15/98 conclusion 
Sunday 5/31/98 7:03 PM
I erred by not transcribing Reeve's conclusion in his Friday  5/15/1998
Albuquerque Journal editorial
     Our policy is not stupid.  It's hypocritical and delusionary, but
not stupid.  What was stupid   was to actually believe that countries
like India, Pakistan, China, and Iran and Israel, too,    would act on
American words and illusions rather than on their own national interests
and fears.    This American blunder of intelligence  and intellect is
not another inside-the-beltway,   Ken-and-Monica joke.  This is an
affair of state, a failure of state. Officials should not be  subpoenaed or mocked;  they should resign or be fired.
Let ALL hope for release of the documents requested at
 and peaceful
settlement of another ï¿½American blunder of intelligenceï¿½.

@_date: 1998-06-02 23:23:18
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: punching the Great FASCIST Satan in the nose 
Monday 6/1/98 7:16 PM
John Young
The SAND report you posted at  was a DELIBERATE attempt to send NSA a message.  I had some help
from Sandia classification.
  Date:         Mon, 01 Jun 1998 18:16:01 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         masanori fushimi     CC:         cypherpunks at toad.com, ukcrypto at maillist.ox.ac.uk
Monday 6/1/98 6:05 PM
I put the refrigerator magnet
          1945 509th COMPOSITE GROUP 1995
           FIRST ATOMIC BOMBARDMENT
             50th ANNIVERSARY
in the mail to you today.
Reason I sent the magnet is to show THAT THERE ARE SOME REALLY-SICK
MINDS [see reverse side of magnet] IN POWER in the US.
Just got off the phone with John Young.
Governments, including Japan, TRY to mess with peoples'
minds.  There is a book on this.
David Felton
But I have a solution.  I do not read e-mail.  At this time.
I also believe in what Kahn wrote
   Thursday, March 20, 1980, 09:30 David Kahn addressed Congress,
        the Committee on Government Operations.
        Kahn stated to the committee,
             A final benefit is that refusing  to restrict cryptologic
             studies erects yet another rampart against the chipping
             away of American liberties.  Is this rampart, again, worth
             danger to national security?  Yes, because the danger is
             not as acute as the N.S.A. wishes people to see it.  N.S.A.
             wants people to think that publication of cryptologic
             material would slam shut its window into the Third World
             countries.  In fact such publication has little effect ...
             The national security dangers are not so great as to
             dismantle individual freedom.
             For all of these reasons, then, no limitation should be
             placed on the study of cryptology.  And beyond them all
             lies something more fundamental, in the end, will probably
             prevent any restrictions anyway.  It is called the First
             Amendment.
             I thank you.
I hope you see that I am using the seventh amendment.
And even more adamantly I believe
  For what shall it profit a man if he shall gain the whole world and
  lose his own soul.
  Kahn on Codes page 172
Best regards

@_date: 1998-06-03 10:03:17
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: My knowledge of NSA 'deficient' crypto algorithms 
Wednesday 6/3/98 10:55 AM
So as not to misspell J[G]en[n]ifer.
You might be interested to look at the University of Southern
California home page on the gfsr.
My co-author Lewis was one of my former ms and phd students.
NSA's crypto algorithms are okay - for hardware implementation -
but are classified, in my opinion, to possibly hide embarrassment.
Some of us at Sandia offered to help NSA fix its 'deficient' crypto
algorithms.  For money, of course.
It is EASY to make a BLUNDER in crypto.  For theoretical or
implementation reasons.  NSA knows this too.  And is pretty cautious
about what it does.
I partially read another crypto-related article at
  Date:         Wed, 03 Jun 1998 07:34:04 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         jy at jya.com
    CC:         dac at zurich.ibm.com, kaj at lanl.gov
Wednesday 6/3/98 7:25 AM
John Young
I looked at I was in Marc Dacier's (IBM Zurich Research Laboratory, Switzerland)
office last April in Zurich.
Dacier was quizzing me about what the US was concerned about,
secuity-wise, inside weapons systems.  Spiking, of course.
And it was so nice to learn only yesterday that USC has a home page
something I thought-up.
I SURE UNDERSTOOD the algorithms behind the NSA KG schematics
Brian Snow showed me.
Let's continue to hope for prompt settlement of the unfortunate matter
BEFORE things get WORSE.  And we can all get onto better and hopefully less destructive,
 endeavors.

@_date: 1998-06-05 08:21:31
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: twa 800, semiconductors & internet, polyforth & Java 
Friday 6/5/98 9:11 AM
J Orlin Grabbe
Albuquerque Journal w 6/3/98
  TWA 800 Explosion Not on ï¿½High Seasï¿½
  NEW YORK - A judge said Tuesday that the TWA 800 explosion did not
occur on the ï¿½high seas,ï¿½ a
  ruling that could make victim eligible for additional money in their
lawsuit. against the       airline and the aircraft manufacturers. ...
 and other electronic articles on
TWA 800 at Albuquerque Journal f 6/5/98
  Motorola To Cut 15,000 Jobs
  No Word of Impact In Albuquerque
  The Associated Press
  CHICAGO -  Motorola Inc., struggling to weather the Asian economic
crisis, said    Thursday it is  eliminating 15,000 jobs over the coming 12 months.
  Profits plunged 45 percent to !180 million ...
But in the same issue
  Chip Sales Expected to Rebound
  Semiconductor Group Predicts Double-Digit Growth in 1999
  The Associated Press
  SAN JOSE, Calif.  Asiaï¿½s weak economies, a slow-down in personal
computer sales and   an overabundance of memory chips will push own semiconductor sales
nearly 2 percent this
  year, according to an industry group.
    But those troubles are expected to ease in the second half of 1998,
boosting sales and       returning the industry to double-digit growth
next year and beyond, the Semiconductor Industry   Association said.     ï¿½Thanks to the unprecedented growth of Internet usage, we now expect
the industryï¿½s       expansion to occur in 1999 as semiconductor growth
rates return to their historical averages    of 17 percent or more,ï¿½
said SIA president George Scalise. ...
John Young
Albuquerque Journal f 6/5/98
  India, Pakistan Nuke Claims Exaggerated, Scientists Say
  By David S. Cloud
  Chicago Tribune
  WASHINGTON -  American scientists monitoring remote sites where India
and Pakistan detonated    nucleardevices sharply question public claims
by both nations about the size and number of      weapons tested.
    Scientists examining seismic data on the tests, picked up at
monitoring stations around the   globe, say that both India and Pakistan
have exaggerated the explosive power of the       detonations and
perhaps even the total number of devices tested.  The Clinton
administration    has similar doubts about the claims by the South Asian
    Pakistani officials apparently disconnect a seismic monitor that
would have given outsiders   more precise data about their tests.  And
two nuclear devices that India claimed to have set    off were not
detected by a single  known seismic monitor station anywhere in the
world. ...
    The gap between the claims and the seismic data suggests that the
test may not have gone as   well as each side announced, said experts
interviewed by the Chicago Tribune.
    The discrepancies in monitoring data prove ammunition for some
critics of an international    test-ban treaty. These critics argue that
the lack of data for Indiaï¿½s announced second round   of nuclear weapons
tests calls into question whether clandestine nuclear test can be    accurately monitored. ...
Jim Durham, Sandiaï¿½s seismic CTBT project leader
 told me that the coupling [impendance
match?] between the bomb and the surrounding ground had much to do with
what a seismic station receives.
Lastly, and what I think is the most important, Albuquerque Journal f
  USS Yorktown Found
  Explorer Located Titanic Wreck
  By Randolph E. Schmidt
  The Associated Press
  WASHINGTON -  Three miles under water, the USS Yorktownï¿½s four-barrel
anti-aircraft gun still   aims skyward 56 years after the aircraft
carrier went to the bottom of the Pacific Ocean, a     victim of the
Battle of Midway.
    Photos and video of the giant ship, sitting upright on the ocean
floor, were unveiled       Thursday by Robert Ballard, the undersea
explorer who found the wrecks of the Titanic and the   German battleship
 REASON is that Ballard uses PolyForth   in the submersible robots, Jeff Allsup of Woods Hole told me. Allsup downloaded ALL of the code and documentation from my Forth
book from Vesta in Colorado at 1,200 bps. Allsup told me this took several days.
This is same software technology  which is used for the US satellite
program. Java  appears also to be a byte
threaded code
Letï¿½s hope for settlement of the unfortunate matter so that we can all
got on to other constructive projects.
I would like to do some more with   and revise
for the 80C32 communicating over ieee 1284 ecp to a Windows PC.

@_date: 1998-06-05 15:19:57
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Site Secrets 
Friday 6/5/98 3:49 PM
John Young
NOTHING from the court, DOE or EEOC today.
I loaded my boat in the back of my truck.
Fishing tomorrow and Sunday at Navajo lake.
Navajo lake is on the Colorado border.
My primary goal is to finish the digital FX.  But I need
a mental health break.
I got kick out of the moralist lecture to schneier at counterpane.com. I can only imagine "Bud" ï¿½s horror when he reads about Morales and my genocide, deficient crypto, and crooked
judge lawsuit.
But, of course, we are merely trying to promote settlement of this
UNFORTUNATE matter before something POSSIBLY serious happens.
Settlement progress is reported to our friends at and others in hope it is passed along to the interested.  Peaceful MONETARY settlement of this UNFORTUNATE matter is clearly in
everyone's best interest.
Thoroughly enjoyed Site Secrets. The Real World again.
Have a good weekend all.

@_date: 1998-06-08 07:33:24
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Spiking keyboards, digital cash, appeals, shift registers 
Monday 6/8/98 7:53 AM
John Young
I am reading  a bit more carefully.
You have NEVER WRITTEN SO MUCH.
Fishing was great.
I used a           $10 THE  INSTANT CALLING CARD [TM]           VOCALL COMMUNICATIONS CORP
which allows access with a pin of 718-2455-7091-xxx [my SECRET]
in ENGLISH, SPANISH, ARABIC, URDU, KOREAN, JAPANESE, GERMAN, FRENCH, ITALIAN to call you TWICE on Saturday.  At only $.14/min.
I left one message about Xandi and spiking computer keyboards.
Xandi MADE low-power transmitters, like the kind I MIGHT use IF I were going to spike a keyboard [most
which use an 8051
so that the keystrokes would be broadcast.  This, of course, defeats crypto attempts to cipher keystrokes.
But I DO NOT DO, or have to do, ILLEGAL THINGS for the FBI or any other
government agency.
I, as a DOE contractor employee, was protected under 10 CFR 708.
But 10 CFR 708 does not appear to be working well in my case. Therefore, we had to try other remedies.
VOCALL is getting real close to digital cash, one of Orlin Grabbe's 	
interests.  I have to do mostly technical work on the digital FX this week but will
try to
get two notices of appeal to the Tenth circuit written.
Morales and I, with all the publicity you and Orlin have given us, can
go all the way to the Supreme Court with our genocide and crypto
deficiency lawsuits. Pro se, of course.
Too bad NSA did not take my criticisms of its shift register work
more constructively.    click on Appendix S
Perhaps NSA should have worked with some of us at Sandia to come-up
with fixes to overcome deficiencies. This unpleasantness could have been
Iï¿½ve had ideas to improve shift register algorithm operation before.
Letï¿½s all hope for settlement of this UNFORTUNATE matter before it
gets worse.

@_date: 1998-06-09 12:41:35
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: NOTICE OF APPEALs 
Tuesday 6/9/98 1:10 PM
Morales and I met for lunch today to discuss legal strategies.
Morales is scheduled for a court hearing on Thursday.  Therefore,
it is time to increase the pressure.
These cases are not going away.
A fellow from Washington DC visited me some months ago.
The fellow told me that LOTS of people fighting with the IRS are
watching this pro se lawsuit seen at Reason I was told is that the IRS is using lawyers to go after
Taxpayers NOW feel that either they have to pay what the IRS DEMANDS OR
get a lawyer to fight the IRS.
Hiring a lawyer is usually uneconomical.  And an ineffective way to
fight the US
Readers of jya.com want to learn how to do pro se lawsuits EFFECTIVELY.
Morales and I are, of course, showing how to do pro se lawsuits
and inexpensively.
Morales and I are experienced at WINNING appeals at the Tenth Circuit.
But we have yet to address the problem of Tenth Circuits awarding the
win to Sandia
when, in fact, Sandia lost on the common technicality of not filing its
Brief of the Appellees on time.
Sandia did not request an enlargement of time in both our cases.  In my
case Sandia falsified the certificate of service. Tenth Circuit rules forbid stamping FILED on late briefs where
permission to
file late is not requested at least five days prior to the deadline
We will be getting around to filing criminal complaint affidavits on the
judges and clerks involved.  At the right time, of course.
But the time has come for Morales and I to file attached NOTICE OF
We really should settle these unfortunate cases before matters get
                    UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT                  FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO William H. Payne        	   	    		              ) Arthur R. Morales                           			)                                             				)                 Plaintiffs,                 			              )                                             				) v                                           				)	CIV NO 97 0266  Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF 	              ) Director, National Security Agency	    		              ) National Security Agency		    		              )                                             				)                 Defendant                   			              ) NOTICE OF APPEAL  Santiago E. Campos MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER FILED 98 APR 30  AM 11:45 1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne  and Morales [Plaintiffs] to exercise their rights under the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure     FRAP 4. APPEAL AS OF RIGHT--WHEN TAKEN       a) Appeal in a Civil Case.   (1) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(4) of this Rule, in a civil case in which an appeal is permitted by law      as of right from a district court to a court of appeals the notice of appeal required by Rule 3 must be filed with    the clerk of the district court within 30 days after the date of entry of the judgment or order appealed from;    but if the United States or an officer or agency thereof is a party, the notice of appeal may be filed by any    party within 60 days after such entry. If a notice of appeal is mistakenly filed in the court of appeals, the clerk    of the court of appeals shall note thereon the date when the clerk received the notice and send it to the clerk    of the district court and the notice will be treated as filed in the  district court on the date so noted. 2  Defendant Minihan is officer of the United States. 3  Plaintiffï¿½s appeal  A   NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that sua sponte, Defendant is DEEMED by the Court to be the          NSA, and not Lt. Gen. Kenneth A. Minihan. Future captions for this case should reflect this change. B   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Morales is GRANTED. C   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Plaintiff's Motion for Summary Judgment Based on Evidence from        Admissions is DENIED as MOOT. seen at      to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals.                     Respectfully submitted,                      13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                          Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                          Arthur R. Morales                                                 1024 Los Arboles NW                                              Albuquerque, NM 87107                                             Pro se litigants                 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE  I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney, 9 Floor, Bank of America Building, 4th and Tijeras, ABQ, NM 87102 this Wednesday June 10, 1998.                     UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                 FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
William H. Payne        	 )
                Plaintiff,             )
                                          )
v                                        )	CIV NO 97 0266 National Security Agency	 )
                Defendant          )
NOTICE OF APPEAL from Santiago E. Campos MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER  FILED
May 21, 1988 11:35
1  COMES NOW plaintiff Payne  [Plaintiff] to exercise his rights under the
Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure    FRAP 4. APPEAL AS OF RIGHT--WHEN TAKEN      a) Appeal in a Civil Case.
  (1) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(4) of this Rule, in a civil case in which an appeal is permitted by law     as of right from a district court to a court of appeals the notice of appeal required by Rule 3 must be filed with   the clerk of the district court within 30 days after the date of entry of the judgment or order appealed from;   but if the United States or an officer or agency thereof is a party, the notice of appeal may be filed by any   party within 60 days after such entry. If a notice of appeal is mistakenly filed in the court of appeals, the clerk   of the court of appeals shall note thereon the date when the clerk received the notice and send it to the clerk   of the district court and the notice will be treated as filed in the  district court on the date so noted.
2  Defendant NSA is an agency of the United States.
3  Plaintiff appeals
  NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that Plaintiff's Motion to Amend should be, and is hereby, DENIED. seen at   to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals.
                    Respectfully submitted,                     13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                         Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                         Pro se litigant
               CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney, 9 Floor, Bank of America Building, 4th and Tijeras, ABQ, NM 87102 this Wednesday June 10, 1998.

@_date: 1998-06-09 16:00:35
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: FILED 98 JUN-9 PM 3:13 
Tuesday 6/9/98 4:29 PM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
Attached is NOTICE OF APPEAL.
Morales will sign and I will file our joint appeal tomorrow.
Morales showed me an e-mail he received from Gilmore Gilmore apparently is not interested in pursuing a joint NSA fee waiver
The public CAN UNDERSTAND a federal agency squandering their tax
dollars on a project which did not work out for the government.  Public
key chips.
Likewise, the public can understand how the government killed Iranians.
I conducted a survey on NON-TECHNICAL people to see if they understood
what the government did to Iran.  Everyone I talked to understood.
Trying to get much subtler with crypto with the public or even judges
might not work.
Judges or the public might give the government the benefit of the doubt
on the NATIONAL SECURITY/SECRECY issue.
We will see about this.  National Security Agency Court Cases           May 27, 1998                      UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                 FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
William H. Payne        	 )
                Plaintiff,             )
                                          )
v                                        )	CIV NO 97 0266 National Security Agency	 )
                Defendant          )
NOTICE OF APPEAL from Santiago E. Campos MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER  FILED
May 21, 1988 11:35
1  COMES NOW plaintiff Payne  [Plaintiff] to exercise his rights under the
Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure    FRAP 4. APPEAL AS OF RIGHT--WHEN TAKEN      a) Appeal in a Civil Case.
  (1) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(4) of this Rule, in a civil case in which an appeal is permitted by law     as of right from a district court to a court of appeals the notice of appeal required by Rule 3 must be filed with   the clerk of the district court within 30 days after the date of entry of the judgment or order appealed from;   but if the United States or an officer or agency thereof is a party, the notice of appeal may be filed by any   party within 60 days after such entry. If a notice of appeal is mistakenly filed in the court of appeals, the clerk   of the court of appeals shall note thereon the date when the clerk received the notice and send it to the clerk   of the district court and the notice will be treated as filed in the  district court on the date so noted.
2  Defendant NSA is an agency of the United States.
3  Plaintiff appeals
  NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that Plaintiff's Motion to Amend should be, and is hereby, DENIED. seen at   to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals.
                    Respectfully submitted,                     13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                         Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                         Pro se litigant
               CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney, 9 Floor, Bank of America Building, 4th and Tijeras, ABQ, NM 87102 this Tuesday June 9, 1998.

@_date: 1998-06-10 13:54:36
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Second Notice of Appeal FILED 
Wednesday 6/10/98 2:34 PM
John Young The second attached NOTICE OF APPEAL was stamped
              FILED
I put stamped copies of both in the mail to you.
The government only MAYBE understands FORMAL actions.
Informal actions, like letters etc, go into the waste paper basket.
Even formal actions such as the FOIA, PA, lawsuit, and criminal
affidavit the government will try to BLACK HOLE.
While, naturally, we would like to settle this unfortunate matter so
that we
can all get on to more constructive pursuits, it appears that we will be
a FORMAL ACTION at least TWICE through the Tenth Circuit court of                     UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT                  FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO William H. Payne        	   	    		              ) Arthur R. Morales                           			)                                             				)                 Plaintiffs,                 			              )                                             				) v                                           				)	CIV NO 97 0266  Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF 	              ) Director, National Security Agency	    		              ) National Security Agency		    		              )                                             				)                 Defendant                   			              ) NOTICE OF APPEAL  Santiago E. Campos MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER FILED 98 APR 30  AM 11:45 1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne  and Morales [Plaintiffs] to exercise their rights under the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure     FRAP 4. APPEAL AS OF RIGHT--WHEN TAKEN       a) Appeal in a Civil Case.   (1) Except as provided in paragraph (a)(4) of this Rule, in a civil case in which an appeal is permitted by law      as of right from a district court to a court of appeals the notice of appeal required by Rule 3 must be filed with    the clerk of the district court within 30 days after the date of entry of the judgment or order appealed from;    but if the United States or an officer or agency thereof is a party, the notice of appeal may be filed by any    party within 60 days after such entry. If a notice of appeal is mistakenly filed in the court of appeals, the clerk    of the court of appeals shall note thereon the date when the clerk received the notice and send it to the clerk    of the district court and the notice will be treated as filed in the  district court on the date so noted. 2  Defendant Minihan is officer of the United States. 3  Plaintiffs appeal  A   NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that sua sponte, Defendant is DEEMED by the Court to be the          NSA, and not Lt. Gen. Kenneth A. Minihan. Future captions for this case should reflect this change. B   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Morales is GRANTED. C   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Plaintiff's Motion for Summary Judgment Based on Evidence from        Admissions is DENIED as MOOT. seen at      to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals.                     Respectfully submitted,                      13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                          Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                          Arthur R. Morales                                                 1024 Los Arboles NW                                              Albuquerque, NM 87107                                             Pro se litigants                 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE  I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney, 9 Floor, Bank of America Building, 3rd and Tijeras, ABQ, NM 87102 this Wednesday June 10, 1998.

@_date: 1998-06-13 18:47:05
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: JUN 1298 
Saturday 6/13/98 7:08 PM
John Young
Got an envelope size 9x1/4 x 11 7/8 in the mail today postmarked
  ALBUQUERQUE NM
  JUN 12ï¿½98
from   U.S. Department of Justice
  United States Attorney
  District of New Mexico
  POB 607
  Albuquerque, NM 87103
  Official Business
  Penalty for Private use $300.
My guess is about 4-7 page.  Paper clip at lower right side.
If last letter from Mitchell is any indication of rational
behavior, then my guess that this will eclipse the former.
But I did not open it.  This is a weekend.  I have principles.
NO envelope was received from court in response to I will fax contents of U.S. Department of Justice envelope
as soon as we open it.
We must ALL keep a good sense of humor.
A mathematician, physicist, and engineer we all asked to calculate
the volume of a red rubber ball.
The mathematician measured the diameter, then solved a triple integral
to find the volume.
The physicist submerged the red rubber ball in a vessel of water
to measure its displacement.
The engineer looked it up in his red rubber ball handbook.

@_date: 1998-06-19 13:05:27
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: US attorney MOTION TO REMAND 
Friday 6/19/98 1:42 PM
John Young
Morales and I met for lunch.
I just finished documents referencing the two Tenth circuit
docket sheets you posted on our cases.
Zeitgeist again.  We are moving to the Tenth circuit AGAIN.
Morales is going to come over review, then we will send you AND
ABOUT EVERY Member of Congress A COPY.
Mitchell's attempt for the in camera ex parte meeting with the court
may have failed.  Thanks to you and Orlin.  And, consequently, some
upset Members of Congress.
I, of course, DENY I called judge Santiago Campos a FASCIST PIG.
Try searching for PIG.
That is likely the reason Mitchell phoned this morning to say she going
to file to remand the first FOIA [algorithms] request to NSA.

@_date: 1998-06-22 13:22:10
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Judicial Misconduct at Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals 
Monday 6/22/98 1:02 PM
Senate Judiciary Committee
Orrin G. Hatch, Utah, Chairman   senator_hatch at Hatch.senate.gov
Strom Thurmond, South Carolina   senator at thurmond.senate.gov
Charles E. Grassley, Iowa   chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov
Arlen Specter, Pennsylvania   senator_specter at specter.senate.gov
Fred Thompson, Tennessee   senator_thompson at thompson.senate.gov
Jon Kyl, Arizona   info at kyl.senate.gov
Mike DeWine, Ohio   senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov
John Ashcroft, Missouri   john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov
Spencer Abraham, Michigan   michigan at abraham.senate.gov
Jeff Sessions, Alabama
Patrick J. Leahy, Vermont   senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov
Edward M. Kennedy, Massachusetts   senator at kennedy.senate.gov
Joseph R.Biden, Jr., Delaware   senator at biden.senate.gov
Herb Kohl, Wisconsin   senator_kohl at kohl.senate.gov
Dianne Feinstein, California   senator at feinstein.senate.gov
Russell D. Feingold, Wisconsin   russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov
Richard Durbin, Illinois   dick at durbin.senate.gov
Robert Torricelli, New Jersey   senator at torricelli.senate.gov
Purpose of this e-mail is to give written proof of criminal judicial
misconduct by Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals clerks Hoecker, Fisher, and
Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis and help get this matter settled.
Thursday March 30, 1995 I wrote Tenth Circuit clerk Hoecker to request a
copy of the docket sheets for case 94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation,
et al
Hoecker did not answer my letter.
On Tuesday March 5,1996 I  wrote  Judge Lucius D. Bunton to ask his help
to get a copy of the docket sheets.  No response.
On Monday September 23, 1996 Arthur R Morales and I wrote  Henry A.
Politz, Chief Judge U.S. Court of Appeals - Fifth Circuit to ask his
help to get a copy of the docket sheets of my case and Moralesï¿½ Tenth
Circuit case 95-2204.
Tenth Circuit also refused to send Morales copies of docket sheets for
his case.
Politz is Bunton's boss.  No response.
Friday May 30, 1997 I wrote Antonin Scalia to get this help to get a
copy of the docket sheets.  No response.
5 May 1998 citizen John Young finds docket sheets on
    Source: PACER, U.S. Court of Appeals, 10th Circuit, 1-800-279-9107
and posts them on Internet at   Docket as of April 10, 1998 0:05 am
  Proceedings include all events.
  94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation, et al
shows that I filed my Brief of the Appellant on 2/19/95.
2/23/95     [835344] Appellant's brief filed by William H. Payne.
            Original and 7 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 2/19/95  Oral
            argument? pro se. Appellee/Respondent's brief due 3/24/95
            for Thomas P. Wright, for Robert Surran, for Paul A.
            Stokes, for Mary J. Stang, for Tommy A. Sellers, for Craig
            A. Searls, for Albert Narath, for Preston B. Herrington,
            for Peter S. Hamilton, for Roger L. Hagengruber, for James
            R. Gosler, for Harold L. Folley, for Robert L. Ewing, for
            C. William Childers, for Harvey J. Brewster, for Sandia
            Corporation (mbm)
mbm writes "Appellee/Respondent's brief due 3/24/95"
Sandia had sent me a copy of its brief by 3/28/96.
I filed  attached MOTION TO GRANT PLAINTIFF-APPELLANT'S DEMANDS ON BASIS
THAT DEFENDANT-APPELLEES FAILED TO FILE BRIEF WITHIN 30 DAYS SPECIFIED
BY FEDERAL RULE OF APPELLATE PROCEDURE 31 on Tuesday the 28th day of
March, 1995
My February 28 MOTION at the Tenth Circuit is filed WITHOUT notice of
service logged.
4/4/95       [845484] Appellant's motion filed by Appellant William H.
             Payne [94-2205] to grant appellant's demands on basis that
             appellees' failed to file timely brief. Original and 3
             copies  c/s: y (mbm)
In 1995 FRAP 25 (a) stated  "[b]riefs shall be deemed filed on the day
of mailing if the most expeditious form of delivery by mail, excepting special delivery,
is used."
FRAP 25 has been changed by 1998 to
Since I mailed Appellant's motion filed by Appellant William H.  Payne
[94-2205] to grant appellant's demands on basis that appellees' failed
to file timely brief on 3/28/98, it is likely Sandia's lawyer Friedman
received it 3/29/95.
Tenth Circuit logs
3/30/95      [844759] Appellee's brief filed by Sandia Corporation,
             Harvey J. Brewster, C. William Childers, Robert L. Ewing,
             Harold L. Folley, James R. Gosler, Roger L. Hagengruber,
             Peter S. Hamilton, Preston B. Herrington, Albert Narath,
             Craig A. Searls, Tommy A. Sellers, Mary J. Stang, Paul A.
             Stokes, Robert Surran, Thomas P. Wright. Original and 7
             copies. c/s: y. Served on 3/27/95  Oral Argument? y
             (appellant is pro se) Appellant's optional reply brief due
             4/13/95 for William H. Payne (mbm)
Federal Rule of Appellate Procedure [FRAP] 26 (c) states
  (c) Additional Time after Service. When a party is required or
permitted to act within a      prescribed period after service of a
paper upon that party, 3 calendar days are added to the     prescribed
period unless the paper is delivered on the date of service stated in
the proof of   service.   While the Tenth Circuit ASSERTS Appelleesï¿½ brief was, in fact, served on
evidence given below points to the brief  was served, in fact, on
3/29/95.  I allege that Friedman affixed a false date of service to Sandia's
I WAS NEVER PROPERLY SERVED.  I wrote
          Wednesday March 29, 1995
          Dan Friedman
          Simons, Cuddy & Friedman
          Pecos Trail Office Compound
          1701 Old Pecos Trail
          POB 4160
          Santa Fe, NM 87502-4160
          505-988-4476
          505-984-1807 FAX
          Dear Lawyer Friedman:
          Today at 14:00 hours I found a green and white about 9x13
          inch envelope in our mail box at my home.
          Mailing label indicated that the envelope came from your
          firm.  CONFIDENTIAL was stamped on the mailing label.
          I  wrote "Received at 14:00 hours on W 3/29/95 with no
          POSTMARK OR STAMP by W. H. Payne" at the bottom of the
          envelope.
          There was no STAMP OR POSTAGE METER LABEL or           POSTMARK on the envelope.
          Therefore, I gave the envelope to US Postal Service
          supervisor Mel at 14:49 hours today at the Postal Receiving
          station at 9904 Montgomery, NW in Albuquerque.  Mel has a
          copy of the cover of the envelope with Mel's note written on
          it.
          Mel told me the post office was going to return the envelope
          to your firm for proper mailing.
          I ask:
         1    What did this envelope contain?  Please identify
              the documents precisely.
         2    If any Certificates of Service were included in the
              envelope, then what were the dates affixed to these
              documents?
         3    Who placed this envelope in our mail box?
         Lawyer Friedman:  It appears you missed an important filing
         date.  And are in the process of attempt to correct your
         failure.  But may be using illegitimate methods to conceal
         your failure.
         Please respond as soon as possible so that we all may
         discover what has happened here." ...
Lawyer Friedman did not respond to the above letter.
But Friedman did mail me Appelleesï¿½ brief many days later in envelope
showing TRUE MAILING date.  Certificate of service on received
Appelleesï¿½ brief
did not reflect postmark date.
10th Cir. R. 25.4 in 1995 page 62 reads
  Papers not accepted for filing. -- The clerk shall not file papers
that do not comply
  with the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure and these rules See
10thCir. R. 42.1
But Tenth Circuit clerks Fisher and Hoecker despite my protests and
submission of
evidence may have stamped FILED on Sandia's IMPROPERLY SERVED Appellee/Respondent's brief according to the Federal Rules of Appellate
Laywer Friedman FALSIFIED THE CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE.	
Friedman DID NOT MAIL ME "Served on 3/27/95."
d) Proof of Service; Filing. A paper presented for filing shall contain
an acknowledgment of service by the   person served or proof of service
in the form of a statement of the date and manner of service, of the
name of the person served, and of the addresses to which the papers were
mailed or at which they were delivered, certified by the person who made
service. Proof of service may appear on or be affixed to the papers
filed. When a brief or appendix is filed by mailing or dispatch in
accordance with Rule 25(a)(2)(B), the proof of service shall also state
the date and manner by which the document was mailed or dispatched to
the clerk.
  Crime apparently committed by Hoecker and Fisher is
ï¿½ 1017. Government seals wrongfully used and instruments wrongfully
sealed Whoever fraudulently or wrongfully affixes or impresses the seal of any
department or agency of the United States, to or upon any certificate,
instrument, commission, document, or paper or with knowledge of its
fraudulent character, with wrongful or fraudulent intent, uses, buys,
procures, sells, or transfers to another any such certificate,
instrument, commission, document, or paper, to which or upon which said
seal has been so fraudulently affixed or impressed, shall be fined under
this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. Despite my protests of judicial misconduct Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis
award decision to Sandia
10/6/95      [890055] Order filed by Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis
             "...All outstanding motions are denied..." (found in Order
             & Judgment of 10/6/95) [879579-1]  Parties served by mail.
             (pdw)
when these judges should not have had Appelleesï¿½ brief before them.
Then in an apparently attempt to conceal what happened
10/6/95     [890076]  NOTE: THIS ENTIRE CASE IS SEALED. Terminated on
            the Merits after Submission Without Oral Hearing; Judgment
            Affirmed; Written, Signed, Unpublished. Moore, authoring
            judge; Barrett; Weis. [94-2205] (pdw)
I WON MY APPEAL, pro se, ON A TECHNICALITY but judges Judges Moore,
Barrett, Weis
awarded the win to Sandia Labs!
Members of Congress, judicial misconduct in this matter has been
well-documented.  Court records
filed with the Tenth Circuit.  But CURRENTLY under seal.
Lawyers involved in this matter attempt to use the legal strategy of
IGNORE and STONEWALL to
attempt to deny me justice.  Ignoring and stonewalling by lawyers forced Morales and me to seek
visibility so lawyers
could no longer ignore and stonewall.
Lawyer attitude apparently is that they ignore rules of civil procedure
or even the law so long
as their actions are invisible to public scrutiny.
Visibility was achieved by suing the National Security Agency which
revealed even more judicial misconduct I would like to settle all  matters involved with this unfortunate
cyrpto-related matter,
which includes criminal violations of the Privacy Act.
DOE lawyer Steve Dillingham asked me to prepare a settlement offer in
1994.  I wrote a
settlement letter  May 22, 1994 to Dillingham.  Nothing happened.
June 11, 1998 I made several modifications to my 1994 settlement letter
and sent it e-mail
to Robert Nordhaus, Chief Counsel, DOE.
I ask that you
1  help with settlement of my six-year-old since I won my appeal at the
Tenth Circuit,
2  investigate Tenth Circuit case 94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation,
et al to bring
   the guilty to justice.
william payne
505 292 7037  I am not reading e-mail
Coauthor Lewis in the above is one of my former MS and PhD students in
computer science.
Monday 6/22/98 1:04 PM
Members of Congress
Purpose of this e-mail is to give written proof of criminal judicial
misconduct by Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals clerks Hoecker, Fisher, and
Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan and request a congressional
After several years, with Payne, of trying to get Tenth Circuit to send
docket sheets from my case,
citizen John Young    locates docket sheets
and posts them
  Morales Case Dockets 10th USCA                    June 12, 1998
on Internet at   Source: Online records Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals via PACER   GENERAL DOCKET FOR
  Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals
  Court of Appeals Docket  95-2204                           Filed:
  Nsuit: 3440
  Morales v. Sandia National Lab.
  Appeal from: United States District Court for the District of New
I filed
11/9/95     [898274] Appellant's brief filed by Arthur R. Morales.
            Original and 2 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 11/7/95.  Oral
            argument? pro se. Appellee's brief due 12/11/95 for Sandia
            National Lab. (pdw)
Sandia files its FIRST ATTEMPT at
12/11/95   [905033] Appellee's deficient brief filed by Sandia
           National Lab.. Appellee's corrected brief due 12/21/95 for
           Sandia National Lab.  additional copies received 12/11/95.
           (fg)
Tenth Circuit court clerk Patrick Fisher writes Wells on December 11,
concerning Sandia's deficient brief
  [C]orrections, however made, must be accompanied by proof of service
  upon all other parties to the appeal. ...
and issues
12/14/95   [905975] FIRST notice of rules violation for Deborah D.
           Wells for Appellee Sandia National Lab. (sls)
Wells submits
12/21/95    [907974] Appellee's brief filed by Sandia National Lab..
            Original and 7 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 12/20/95  Oral
            Argument? n Appellant's optional reply brief due 1/8/96 for
            Arthur R. Morales (mbm)
but DOES NOT serve me with a copy.
Wells later admits in
2/1/96        [917660] Response filed by Sandia National Lab.
              Appellant/Petitioner motion to clarify   Original and 3
              copies.  c/s: y response Null Relief Code (fg)
Certificate of Service date 30th day of January, 1996,
  [h]ad Appellant simply made a phone call to the Tenth Circuit, he
  have established that the Defendant-Appellee's corrected brief was
  filed on a timely basis, ...
I protested by filing
1/3/96       [909965] Appellant's motion "for the Court to Grant
             Appeal" filed by Appellant Arthur R. Morales [95-2204].
             Original and 3 copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
1/3/96       [909966] Appellant's motion "for New Trial" filed by
             Appellant Arthur R. Morales [95-2204]. Original and 3
             copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
1/3/96       [909967] Appellant's motion "to Discipline
             Defendant-Appellee" filed by Appellant Arthur R. Morales
             [95-2204]. Original and 3 copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
because Sandia did not properly serve me in violation of Fisher's
11, 1995 order.
The Tenth Circuit court of appeals should NOT, by its own rules, filed
Appellee's brief filed by Sandia National Lab..  Original and 7
copies.   c/s: y. Served on 12/20/95
10th Cir. R. 25.4 in 1995 page 62 reads
  Papers not accepted for filing. -- The clerk shall not file papers
that do not comply
  with the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure and these rules See
10thCir. R. 42.1
And is doubtful whether court clerk Fisher had any authority under
appellate procedure
to permit Wells to correct her deficient brief.  Rather Sandia's  brief did not comply with with Federal Rules of
Appellate Procedure and should have been summarily rejected for filing.
I WON, pro se, my appeal to the Tenth circuit on a technicality but
Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan
awarded the win to Sandia Labs.
4/2/96        [932848] Order filed by Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan
              denying parties' motions for general relief(found in Order
              and Judgment of 4/2/96)--"...During the course of this
              appeal, the parties have filed various motions for
              dismissal, summary grant, and sanctions. We find no merit
              to any of these motions, and they are [920851-1] Parties
              served by mail. (pdw)
by accepting and judging on a documents which was not permitted to be
before the court by
its own rules.
Judicial misconduct in my case has been well-documented as it is in
Payne's case.
Payne and I speculate that similar judicial misconduct may have occurred
at the Tenth Circuit.
Sandia lawyer Robert J Park wrote me a settlement letter on Feb 18,
I filled in the blanks and made minor handwritten chages and returned it
on February 22, 1998.  But my offer has not yet been accepted.
I ask that you
1  help have my settlement offer accepted,
2  investigate judicial misconduct in case 95-2204 and punish the
Some citizens can only express such frustrations with the US court
system with violence.
I seek change by legal reform.
Arthur R Morales
505 345 1381

@_date: 1998-06-24 07:16:59
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: nation's most secretive spy agency 
Wednesday 6/24/98 8:03 AM
I am reading I recevied a motion from US Assistant Attorney Mitchell yesterday
in the mail.  I haven't read it yet.
Mitchell phoned on f 6/19.  Mitchell told me she is moving to remand FOIA ALGORITHM request to NSA.
I made a copy of the materials I received and sent them to John Young.
I attach a copy of Morales and my complaint to the senate judiciary
committee.  This e-mail explains more about our interest in NSA.
I do not have much interest in crypto.
One of my problems is a REVERSE cyrpto problem.  Trying to get people to
my geek books and obscure binary results.
I MERELY BUILT CRYPTO DEVICES FOR NSA.  And took a poke at NSA for trying to screw-up Sandia/DOE projects with
bad crypto algorithm and implementation advice. Especially in NSA has NO SENSE OF HUMOR.
Pseudorandom numbers are close enough to crypto that I understand what
the crypto people are doing.
Morales and I want our money and out of this mess.
Looks like we succeeded in getting others to read about the gfsr!
In fact, Knuth included the gfsr on page 32 of his books series Art of Computer Programming: Vol 2 Seminumerical algorithms.
This likely accounts for Coauthor Lewis in the above is one of my former MS and PhD students in
computer science.
  Date:         Mon, 22 Jun 1998 13:29:01 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         art morales , senator_hatch at Hatch.senate.gov, senator at thurmond.senate.gov,
        chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov, senator_specter at specter.senate.gov, senator_thompson at thompson.senate.gov,
        info at kyl.senate.gov, senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov, john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov, michigan at abraham.senate.gov,
        senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov, senator at kennedy.senate.gov, senator at biden.senate.gov, senator_kohl at kohl.senate.gov,
        senator at feinstein.senate.gov, russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov, dick at durbin.senate.gov, senator at torricelli.senate.gov
    CC:         steve dillingham <" Steven.Dillingham" Robert Nordhaus <" Robert.Nordhaus" mrgall at ix.netcom.com,
        jy at jya.com, art morales , federico pena <" Federico.F.Pena" RJPARK at sandia.gov,
        cypherpunks at toad.com, ukcrypto at maillist.ox.ac.uk
Monday 6/22/98 1:02 PM
Senate Judiciary Committee
Orrin G. Hatch, Utah, Chairman   senator_hatch at Hatch.senate.gov
Strom Thurmond, South Carolina   senator at thurmond.senate.gov
Charles E. Grassley, Iowa   chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov
Arlen Specter, Pennsylvania   senator_specter at specter.senate.gov
Fred Thompson, Tennessee   senator_thompson at thompson.senate.gov
Jon Kyl, Arizona   info at kyl.senate.gov
Mike DeWine, Ohio   senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov
John Ashcroft, Missouri   john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov
Spencer Abraham, Michigan   michigan at abraham.senate.gov
Jeff Sessions, Alabama
Patrick J. Leahy, Vermont   senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov
Edward M. Kennedy, Massachusetts   senator at kennedy.senate.gov
Joseph R.Biden, Jr., Delaware   senator at biden.senate.gov
Herb Kohl, Wisconsin   senator_kohl at kohl.senate.gov
Dianne Feinstein, California   senator at feinstein.senate.gov
Russell D. Feingold, Wisconsin   russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov
Richard Durbin, Illinois   dick at durbin.senate.gov
Robert Torricelli, New Jersey   senator at torricelli.senate.gov
Purpose of this e-mail is to give written proof of criminal judicial
misconduct by Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals clerks Hoecker, Fisher, and
Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis and help get this matter settled.
Thursday March 30, 1995 I wrote Tenth Circuit clerk Hoecker to request a
copy of the docket sheets for case 94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation,
et al
Hoecker did not answer my letter.
On Tuesday March 5,1996 I  wrote  Judge Lucius D. Bunton to ask his help
to get a copy of the docket sheets.  No response.
On Monday September 23, 1996 Arthur R Morales and I wrote  Henry A.
Politz, Chief Judge U.S. Court of Appeals - Fifth Circuit to ask his
help to get a copy of the docket sheets of my case and Moralesï¿½ Tenth
Circuit case 95-2204.
Tenth Circuit also refused to send Morales copies of docket sheets for
his case.
Politz is Bunton's boss.  No response.
Friday May 30, 1997 I wrote Antonin Scalia to get this help to get a
copy of the docket sheets.  No response.
5 May 1998 citizen John Young finds docket sheets on
    Source: PACER, U.S. Court of Appeals, 10th Circuit, 1-800-279-9107
and posts them on Internet at   Docket as of April 10, 1998 0:05 am
  Proceedings include all events.
  94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation, et al
shows that I filed my Brief of the Appellant on 2/19/95.
2/23/95     [835344] Appellant's brief filed by William H. Payne.
            Original and 7 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 2/19/95  Oral
            argument? pro se. Appellee/Respondent's brief due 3/24/95
            for Thomas P. Wright, for Robert Surran, for Paul A.
            Stokes, for Mary J. Stang, for Tommy A. Sellers, for Craig
            A. Searls, for Albert Narath, for Preston B. Herrington,
            for Peter S. Hamilton, for Roger L. Hagengruber, for James
            R. Gosler, for Harold L. Folley, for Robert L. Ewing, for
            C. William Childers, for Harvey J. Brewster, for Sandia
            Corporation (mbm)
mbm writes "Appellee/Respondent's brief due 3/24/95"
Sandia had sent me a copy of its brief by 3/28/96.
I filed  attached MOTION TO GRANT PLAINTIFF-APPELLANT'S DEMANDS ON BASIS
THAT DEFENDANT-APPELLEES FAILED TO FILE BRIEF WITHIN 30 DAYS SPECIFIED
BY FEDERAL RULE OF APPELLATE PROCEDURE 31 on Tuesday the 28th day of
March, 1995
My February 28 MOTION at the Tenth Circuit is filed WITHOUT notice of
service logged.
4/4/95       [845484] Appellant's motion filed by Appellant William H.
             Payne [94-2205] to grant appellant's demands on basis that
             appellees' failed to file timely brief. Original and 3
             copies  c/s: y (mbm)
In 1995 FRAP 25 (a) stated  "[b]riefs shall be deemed filed on the day
of mailing if the most expeditious form of delivery by mail, excepting special delivery,
is used."
FRAP 25 has been changed by 1998 to
Since I mailed Appellant's motion filed by Appellant William H.  Payne
[94-2205] to grant appellant's demands on basis that appellees' failed
to file timely brief on 3/28/98, it is likely Sandia's lawyer Friedman
received it 3/29/95.
Tenth Circuit logs
3/30/95      [844759] Appellee's brief filed by Sandia Corporation,
             Harvey J. Brewster, C. William Childers, Robert L. Ewing,
             Harold L. Folley, James R. Gosler, Roger L. Hagengruber,
             Peter S. Hamilton, Preston B. Herrington, Albert Narath,
             Craig A. Searls, Tommy A. Sellers, Mary J. Stang, Paul A.
             Stokes, Robert Surran, Thomas P. Wright. Original and 7
             copies. c/s: y. Served on 3/27/95  Oral Argument? y
             (appellant is pro se) Appellant's optional reply brief due
             4/13/95 for William H. Payne (mbm)
Federal Rule of Appellate Procedure [FRAP] 26 (c) states
  (c) Additional Time after Service. When a party is required or
permitted to act within a      prescribed period after service of a
paper upon that party, 3 calendar days are added to the     prescribed
period unless the paper is delivered on the date of service stated in
the proof of   service.   While the Tenth Circuit ASSERTS Appelleesï¿½ brief was, in fact, served on
evidence given below points to the brief  was served, in fact, on
3/29/95.  I allege that Friedman affixed a false date of service to Sandia's
I WAS NEVER PROPERLY SERVED.  I wrote
          Wednesday March 29, 1995
          Dan Friedman
          Simons, Cuddy & Friedman
          Pecos Trail Office Compound
          1701 Old Pecos Trail
          POB 4160
          Santa Fe, NM 87502-4160
          505-988-4476
          505-984-1807 FAX
          Dear Lawyer Friedman:
          Today at 14:00 hours I found a green and white about 9x13
          inch envelope in our mail box at my home.
          Mailing label indicated that the envelope came from your
          firm.  CONFIDENTIAL was stamped on the mailing label.
          I  wrote "Received at 14:00 hours on W 3/29/95 with no
          POSTMARK OR STAMP by W. H. Payne" at the bottom of the
          envelope.
          There was no STAMP OR POSTAGE METER LABEL or           POSTMARK on the envelope.
          Therefore, I gave the envelope to US Postal Service
          supervisor Mel at 14:49 hours today at the Postal Receiving
          station at 9904 Montgomery, NW in Albuquerque.  Mel has a
          copy of the cover of the envelope with Mel's note written on
          it.
          Mel told me the post office was going to return the envelope
          to your firm for proper mailing.
          I ask:
         1    What did this envelope contain?  Please identify
              the documents precisely.
         2    If any Certificates of Service were included in the
              envelope, then what were the dates affixed to these
              documents?
         3    Who placed this envelope in our mail box?
         Lawyer Friedman:  It appears you missed an important filing
         date.  And are in the process of attempt to correct your
         failure.  But may be using illegitimate methods to conceal
         your failure.
         Please respond as soon as possible so that we all may
         discover what has happened here." ...
Lawyer Friedman did not respond to the above letter.
But Friedman did mail me Appelleesï¿½ brief many days later in envelope
showing TRUE MAILING date.  Certificate of service on received
Appelleesï¿½ brief
did not reflect postmark date.
10th Cir. R. 25.4 in 1995 page 62 reads
  Papers not accepted for filing. -- The clerk shall not file papers
that do not comply
  with the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure and these rules See
10thCir. R. 42.1
But Tenth Circuit clerks Fisher and Hoecker despite my protests and
submission of
evidence may have stamped FILED on Sandia's IMPROPERLY SERVED Appellee/Respondent's brief according to the Federal Rules of Appellate
Laywer Friedman FALSIFIED THE CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE.   Friedman DID NOT MAIL ME "Served on 3/27/95."
d) Proof of Service; Filing. A paper presented for filing shall contain
an acknowledgment of service by the   person served or proof of service
in the form of a statement of the date and manner of service, of the
name of the person served, and of the addresses to which the papers were
mailed or at which they were delivered, certified by the person who made
service. Proof of service may appear on or be affixed to the papers
filed. When a brief or appendix is filed by mailing or dispatch in
accordance with Rule 25(a)(2)(B), the proof of service shall also state
the date and manner by which the document was mailed or dispatched to
the clerk.
  Crime apparently committed by Hoecker and Fisher is
ï¿½ 1017. Government seals wrongfully used and instruments wrongfully
sealed Whoever fraudulently or wrongfully affixes or impresses the seal of any
department or agency of the United States, to or upon any certificate,
instrument, commission, document, or paper or with knowledge of its
fraudulent character, with wrongful or fraudulent intent, uses, buys,
procures, sells, or transfers to another any such certificate,
instrument, commission, document, or paper, to which or upon which said
seal has been so fraudulently affixed or impressed, shall be fined under
this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. Despite my protests of judicial misconduct Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis
award decision to Sandia
10/6/95      [890055] Order filed by Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis
             "...All outstanding motions are denied..." (found in Order
             & Judgment of 10/6/95) [879579-1]  Parties served by mail.
             (pdw)
when these judges should not have had Appelleesï¿½ brief before them.
Then in an apparently attempt to conceal what happened
10/6/95     [890076]  NOTE: THIS ENTIRE CASE IS SEALED. Terminated on
            the Merits after Submission Without Oral Hearing; Judgment
            Affirmed; Written, Signed, Unpublished. Moore, authoring
            judge; Barrett; Weis. [94-2205] (pdw)
I WON MY APPEAL, pro se, ON A TECHNICALITY but judges Judges Moore,
Barrett, Weis
awarded the win to Sandia Labs!
Members of Congress, judicial misconduct in this matter has been
well-documented.  Court records
filed with the Tenth Circuit.  But CURRENTLY under seal.
Lawyers involved in this matter attempt to use the legal strategy of
IGNORE and STONEWALL to
attempt to deny me justice.  Ignoring and stonewalling by lawyers forced Morales and me to seek
visibility so lawyers
could no longer ignore and stonewall.
Lawyer attitude apparently is that they ignore rules of civil procedure
or even the law so long
as their actions are invisible to public scrutiny.
Visibility was achieved by suing the National Security Agency which
revealed even more judicial misconduct I would like to settle all  matters involved with this unfortunate
cyrpto-related matter,
which includes criminal violations of the Privacy Act.
DOE lawyer Steve Dillingham asked me to prepare a settlement offer in
1994.  I wrote a
settlement letter  May 22, 1994 to Dillingham.  Nothing happened.
June 11, 1998 I made several modifications to my 1994 settlement letter
and sent it e-mail
to Robert Nordhaus, Chief Counsel, DOE.
I ask that you
1  help with settlement of my six-year-old since I won my appeal at the
Tenth Circuit,
2  investigate Tenth Circuit case 94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation,
et al to bring
   the guilty to justice.
william payne
505 292 7037  I am not reading e-mail
Coauthor Lewis in the above is one of my former MS and PhD students in
computer science.
Monday 6/22/98 1:04 PM
Members of Congress
Purpose of this e-mail is to give written proof of criminal judicial
misconduct by Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals clerks Hoecker, Fisher, and
Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan and request a congressional
After several years, with Payne, of trying to get Tenth Circuit to send
docket sheets from my case,
citizen John Young    locates docket sheets
and posts them
  Morales Case Dockets 10th USCA                    June 12, 1998
on Internet at   Source: Online records Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals via PACER   GENERAL DOCKET FOR
  Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals
  Court of Appeals Docket  95-2204                           Filed:
  Nsuit: 3440
  Morales v. Sandia National Lab.
  Appeal from: United States District Court for the District of New
I filed
11/9/95     [898274] Appellant's brief filed by Arthur R. Morales.
            Original and 2 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 11/7/95.  Oral
            argument? pro se. Appellee's brief due 12/11/95 for Sandia
            National Lab. (pdw)
Sandia files its FIRST ATTEMPT at
12/11/95   [905033] Appellee's deficient brief filed by Sandia
           National Lab.. Appellee's corrected brief due 12/21/95 for
           Sandia National Lab.  additional copies received 12/11/95.
           (fg)
Tenth Circuit court clerk Patrick Fisher writes Wells on December 11,
concerning Sandia's deficient brief
  [C]orrections, however made, must be accompanied by proof of service
  upon all other parties to the appeal. ...
and issues
12/14/95   [905975] FIRST notice of rules violation for Deborah D.
           Wells for Appellee Sandia National Lab. (sls)
Wells submits
12/21/95    [907974] Appellee's brief filed by Sandia National Lab..
            Original and 7 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 12/20/95  Oral
            Argument? n Appellant's optional reply brief due 1/8/96 for
            Arthur R. Morales (mbm)
but DOES NOT serve me with a copy.
Wells later admits in
2/1/96        [917660] Response filed by Sandia National Lab.
              Appellant/Petitioner motion to clarify   Original and 3
              copies.  c/s: y response Null Relief Code (fg)
Certificate of Service date 30th day of January, 1996,
  [h]ad Appellant simply made a phone call to the Tenth Circuit, he
  have established that the Defendant-Appellee's corrected brief was
  filed on a timely basis, ...
I protested by filing
1/3/96       [909965] Appellant's motion "for the Court to Grant
             Appeal" filed by Appellant Arthur R. Morales [95-2204].
             Original and 3 copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
1/3/96       [909966] Appellant's motion "for New Trial" filed by
             Appellant Arthur R. Morales [95-2204]. Original and 3
             copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
1/3/96       [909967] Appellant's motion "to Discipline
             Defendant-Appellee" filed by Appellant Arthur R. Morales
             [95-2204]. Original and 3 copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
because Sandia did not properly serve me in violation of Fisher's
11, 1995 order.
The Tenth Circuit court of appeals should NOT, by its own rules, filed
Appellee's brief filed by Sandia National Lab..  Original and 7
copies.   c/s: y. Served on 12/20/95
10th Cir. R. 25.4 in 1995 page 62 reads
  Papers not accepted for filing. -- The clerk shall not file papers
that do not comply
  with the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure and these rules See
10thCir. R. 42.1
And is doubtful whether court clerk Fisher had any authority under
appellate procedure
to permit Wells to correct her deficient brief.  Rather Sandia's  brief did not comply with with Federal Rules of
Appellate Procedure and should have been summarily rejected for filing.
I WON, pro se, my appeal to the Tenth circuit on a technicality but
Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan
awarded the win to Sandia Labs.
4/2/96        [932848] Order filed by Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan
              denying parties' motions for general relief(found in Order
              and Judgment of 4/2/96)--"...During the course of this
              appeal, the parties have filed various motions for
              dismissal, summary grant, and sanctions. We find no merit
              to any of these motions, and they are [920851-1] Parties
              served by mail. (pdw)
by accepting and judging on a documents which was not permitted to be
before the court by
its own rules.
Judicial misconduct in my case has been well-documented as it is in
Payne's case.
Payne and I speculate that similar judicial misconduct may have occurred
at the Tenth Circuit.
Sandia lawyer Robert J Park wrote me a settlement letter on Feb 18,
I filled in the blanks and made minor handwritten chages and returned it
on February 22, 1998.  But my offer has not yet been accepted.
I ask that you
1  help have my settlement offer accepted,
2  investigate judicial misconduct in case 95-2204 and punish the
Some citizens can only express such frustrations with the US court
system with violence.
I seek change by legal reform.
Arthur R Morales
505 345 1381

@_date: 1998-06-25 07:11:25
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Skipjack SIMULATIONS 
willis at rand.org             Markus.Kuhn at cl.cam.ac.uk   perry at piermont.com         mab at research.att.com       colin at nyx.net              I looked at your neat, what I would call, SIMULATIONS of the skipjack
I get an uncomfortable feeling in terms of work involved in implementing
 G(l, r, key, koff) \
        ((l) ^= F[(r) ^ (key)[(koff)%10]],      \
        (r) ^= F[(l) ^ (key)[((koff)+1)%10]],   \
        (l) ^= F[(r) ^ (key)[((koff)+2)%10]],   \
        (r) ^= F[(l) ^ (key)[((koff)+3)%10]])
on, say, an 8051.
NSA gave Sandia similar algorithm SPECIFICATIONS.
I simulated Benincasaï¿½s NSS/USO algorithm in Forth to make sure
I THOUGH that I understood it.   And could produce the test vectors.
In the REAL WORLD at Sandia some of the following considerations
IMMEDIATELY DOMINATE THE ALGORITHM.
1    power budget
2    thermal constraints
3    size limitations
4    conducted and radiated emissions
5    radiation-hard requirements
6    speed requirements
7    memory requirements
8    red/black analysis
9    hardware fault tolerance [DELFAS]
10   implementation work GUESS
11   software technology limitations [Can we use Forth?]
12   ...
I am guessing that putting Skipjack on, say, on a smart card might
involve some hairy engineering.  NSA KG units Brian Snow showed me were fairly small in size.  Say
about 1-2 inches x  1-2 inches x 5-6 inches.
Shift register crypto technology is much simpler than number-based
crypto technology.  Size, power, scalability, ... are the reasons, I
think, that NSA uses shift registers for its GOOD STUFF.
Also, NSA/Sandia had SOME REAL project DISASTERS with number-based
crypto.  Expensive, embarrassing, ...  What ever happened to Sandiaï¿½s
low- and high-speed public key crypto chips?
I am very pleased to see all of this information getting out so everyone
can look at it.
I may have a project coming up - protecting gas pipeline survey data
from competitors.  I DO NOT plan to TRY TO reinvent a crypto algorithm. I will implement someone elseï¿½s idea.  Good idea from a liability
standpoint too!
Morales and I need to complete our SETTLEMENT PROJECT so that we
can all move on to other CONSTRUCTIVE projects.
  Date:         Mon, 22 Jun 1998 13:29:01 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         art morales , senator_hatch at Hatch.senate.gov, senator at thurmond.senate.gov,
        chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov, senator_specter at specter.senate.gov, senator_thompson at thompson.senate.gov,
        info at kyl.senate.gov, senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov, john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov, michigan at abraham.senate.gov,
        senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov, senator at kennedy.senate.gov, senator at biden.senate.gov, senator_kohl at kohl.senate.gov,
        senator at feinstein.senate.gov, russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov, dick at durbin.senate.gov, senator at torricelli.senate.gov
    CC:         steve dillingham <" Steven.Dillingham" Robert Nordhaus <" Robert.Nordhaus" mrgall at ix.netcom.com,
        jy at jya.com, art morales , federico pena <" Federico.F.Pena" RJPARK at sandia.gov,
        cypherpunks at toad.com, ukcrypto at maillist.ox.ac.uk
Monday 6/22/98 1:02 PM
Senate Judiciary Committee
Orrin G. Hatch, Utah, Chairman   senator_hatch at Hatch.senate.gov
Strom Thurmond, South Carolina   senator at thurmond.senate.gov
Charles E. Grassley, Iowa   chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov
Arlen Specter, Pennsylvania   senator_specter at specter.senate.gov
Fred Thompson, Tennessee   senator_thompson at thompson.senate.gov
Jon Kyl, Arizona   info at kyl.senate.gov
Mike DeWine, Ohio   senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov
John Ashcroft, Missouri   john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov
Spencer Abraham, Michigan   michigan at abraham.senate.gov
Jeff Sessions, Alabama
Patrick J. Leahy, Vermont   senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov
Edward M. Kennedy, Massachusetts   senator at kennedy.senate.gov
Joseph R.Biden, Jr., Delaware   senator at biden.senate.gov
Herb Kohl, Wisconsin   senator_kohl at kohl.senate.gov
Dianne Feinstein, California   senator at feinstein.senate.gov
Russell D. Feingold, Wisconsin   russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov
Richard Durbin, Illinois   dick at durbin.senate.gov
Robert Torricelli, New Jersey   senator at torricelli.senate.gov
Purpose of this e-mail is to give written proof of criminal judicial
misconduct by Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals clerks Hoecker, Fisher, and
Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis and help get this matter settled.
Thursday March 30, 1995 I wrote Tenth Circuit clerk Hoecker to request a
copy of the docket sheets for case 94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation,
et al
Hoecker did not answer my letter.
On Tuesday March 5,1996 I  wrote  Judge Lucius D. Bunton to ask his help
to get a copy of the docket sheets.  No response.
On Monday September 23, 1996 Arthur R Morales and I wrote  Henry A.
Politz, Chief Judge U.S. Court of Appeals - Fifth Circuit to ask his
help to get a copy of the docket sheets of my case and Moralesï¿½ Tenth
Circuit case 95-2204.
Tenth Circuit also refused to send Morales copies of docket sheets for
his case.
Politz is Bunton's boss.  No response.
Friday May 30, 1997 I wrote Antonin Scalia to get this help to get a
copy of the docket sheets.  No response.
5 May 1998 citizen John Young finds docket sheets on
    Source: PACER, U.S. Court of Appeals, 10th Circuit, 1-800-279-9107
and posts them on Internet at   Docket as of April 10, 1998 0:05 am
  Proceedings include all events.
  94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation, et al
shows that I filed my Brief of the Appellant on 2/19/95.
2/23/95     [835344] Appellant's brief filed by William H. Payne.
            Original and 7 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 2/19/95  Oral
            argument? pro se. Appellee/Respondent's brief due 3/24/95
            for Thomas P. Wright, for Robert Surran, for Paul A.
            Stokes, for Mary J. Stang, for Tommy A. Sellers, for Craig
            A. Searls, for Albert Narath, for Preston B. Herrington,
            for Peter S. Hamilton, for Roger L. Hagengruber, for James
            R. Gosler, for Harold L. Folley, for Robert L. Ewing, for
            C. William Childers, for Harvey J. Brewster, for Sandia
            Corporation (mbm)
mbm writes "Appellee/Respondent's brief due 3/24/95"
Sandia had sent me a copy of its brief by 3/28/96.
I filed  attached MOTION TO GRANT PLAINTIFF-APPELLANT'S DEMANDS ON BASIS
THAT DEFENDANT-APPELLEES FAILED TO FILE BRIEF WITHIN 30 DAYS SPECIFIED
BY FEDERAL RULE OF APPELLATE PROCEDURE 31 on Tuesday the 28th day of
March, 1995
My February 28 MOTION at the Tenth Circuit is filed WITHOUT notice of
service logged.
4/4/95       [845484] Appellant's motion filed by Appellant William H.
             Payne [94-2205] to grant appellant's demands on basis that
             appellees' failed to file timely brief. Original and 3
             copies  c/s: y (mbm)
In 1995 FRAP 25 (a) stated  "[b]riefs shall be deemed filed on the day
of mailing if the most expeditious form of delivery by mail, excepting special delivery,
is used."
FRAP 25 has been changed by 1998 to
Since I mailed Appellant's motion filed by Appellant William H.  Payne
[94-2205] to grant appellant's demands on basis that appellees' failed
to file timely brief on 3/28/98, it is likely Sandia's lawyer Friedman
received it 3/29/95.
Tenth Circuit logs
3/30/95      [844759] Appellee's brief filed by Sandia Corporation,
             Harvey J. Brewster, C. William Childers, Robert L. Ewing,
             Harold L. Folley, James R. Gosler, Roger L. Hagengruber,
             Peter S. Hamilton, Preston B. Herrington, Albert Narath,
             Craig A. Searls, Tommy A. Sellers, Mary J. Stang, Paul A.
             Stokes, Robert Surran, Thomas P. Wright. Original and 7
             copies. c/s: y. Served on 3/27/95  Oral Argument? y
             (appellant is pro se) Appellant's optional reply brief due
             4/13/95 for William H. Payne (mbm)
Federal Rule of Appellate Procedure [FRAP] 26 (c) states
  (c) Additional Time after Service. When a party is required or
permitted to act within a      prescribed period after service of a
paper upon that party, 3 calendar days are added to the     prescribed
period unless the paper is delivered on the date of service stated in
the proof of   service.   While the Tenth Circuit ASSERTS Appelleesï¿½ brief was, in fact, served on
evidence given below points to the brief  was served, in fact, on
3/29/95.  I allege that Friedman affixed a false date of service to Sandia's
I WAS NEVER PROPERLY SERVED.  I wrote
          Wednesday March 29, 1995
          Dan Friedman
          Simons, Cuddy & Friedman
          Pecos Trail Office Compound
          1701 Old Pecos Trail
          POB 4160
          Santa Fe, NM 87502-4160
          505-988-4476
          505-984-1807 FAX
          Dear Lawyer Friedman:
          Today at 14:00 hours I found a green and white about 9x13
          inch envelope in our mail box at my home.
          Mailing label indicated that the envelope came from your
          firm.  CONFIDENTIAL was stamped on the mailing label.
          I  wrote "Received at 14:00 hours on W 3/29/95 with no
          POSTMARK OR STAMP by W. H. Payne" at the bottom of the
          envelope.
          There was no STAMP OR POSTAGE METER LABEL or           POSTMARK on the envelope.
          Therefore, I gave the envelope to US Postal Service
          supervisor Mel at 14:49 hours today at the Postal Receiving
          station at 9904 Montgomery, NW in Albuquerque.  Mel has a
          copy of the cover of the envelope with Mel's note written on
          it.
          Mel told me the post office was going to return the envelope
          to your firm for proper mailing.
          I ask:
         1    What did this envelope contain?  Please identify
              the documents precisely.
         2    If any Certificates of Service were included in the
              envelope, then what were the dates affixed to these
              documents?
         3    Who placed this envelope in our mail box?
         Lawyer Friedman:  It appears you missed an important filing
         date.  And are in the process of attempt to correct your
         failure.  But may be using illegitimate methods to conceal
         your failure.
         Please respond as soon as possible so that we all may
         discover what has happened here." ...
Lawyer Friedman did not respond to the above letter.
But Friedman did mail me Appelleesï¿½ brief many days later in envelope
showing TRUE MAILING date.  Certificate of service on received
Appelleesï¿½ brief
did not reflect postmark date.
10th Cir. R. 25.4 in 1995 page 62 reads
  Papers not accepted for filing. -- The clerk shall not file papers
that do not comply
  with the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure and these rules See
10thCir. R. 42.1
But Tenth Circuit clerks Fisher and Hoecker despite my protests and
submission of
evidence may have stamped FILED on Sandia's IMPROPERLY SERVED Appellee/Respondent's brief according to the Federal Rules of Appellate
Laywer Friedman FALSIFIED THE CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE.   Friedman DID NOT MAIL ME "Served on 3/27/95."
d) Proof of Service; Filing. A paper presented for filing shall contain
an acknowledgment of service by the   person served or proof of service
in the form of a statement of the date and manner of service, of the
name of the person served, and of the addresses to which the papers were
mailed or at which they were delivered, certified by the person who made
service. Proof of service may appear on or be affixed to the papers
filed. When a brief or appendix is filed by mailing or dispatch in
accordance with Rule 25(a)(2)(B), the proof of service shall also state
the date and manner by which the document was mailed or dispatched to
the clerk.
  Crime apparently committed by Hoecker and Fisher is
ï¿½ 1017. Government seals wrongfully used and instruments wrongfully
sealed Whoever fraudulently or wrongfully affixes or impresses the seal of any
department or agency of the United States, to or upon any certificate,
instrument, commission, document, or paper or with knowledge of its
fraudulent character, with wrongful or fraudulent intent, uses, buys,
procures, sells, or transfers to another any such certificate,
instrument, commission, document, or paper, to which or upon which said
seal has been so fraudulently affixed or impressed, shall be fined under
this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. Despite my protests of judicial misconduct Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis
award decision to Sandia
10/6/95      [890055] Order filed by Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis
             "...All outstanding motions are denied..." (found in Order
             & Judgment of 10/6/95) [879579-1]  Parties served by mail.
             (pdw)
when these judges should not have had Appelleesï¿½ brief before them.
Then in an apparently attempt to conceal what happened
10/6/95     [890076]  NOTE: THIS ENTIRE CASE IS SEALED. Terminated on
            the Merits after Submission Without Oral Hearing; Judgment
            Affirmed; Written, Signed, Unpublished. Moore, authoring
            judge; Barrett; Weis. [94-2205] (pdw)
I WON MY APPEAL, pro se, ON A TECHNICALITY but judges Judges Moore,
Barrett, Weis
awarded the win to Sandia Labs!
Members of Congress, judicial misconduct in this matter has been
well-documented.  Court records
filed with the Tenth Circuit.  But CURRENTLY under seal.
Lawyers involved in this matter attempt to use the legal strategy of
IGNORE and STONEWALL to
attempt to deny me justice.  Ignoring and stonewalling by lawyers forced Morales and me to seek
visibility so lawyers
could no longer ignore and stonewall.
Lawyer attitude apparently is that they ignore rules of civil procedure
or even the law so long
as their actions are invisible to public scrutiny.
Visibility was achieved by suing the National Security Agency which
revealed even more judicial misconduct I would like to settle all  matters involved with this unfortunate
cyrpto-related matter,
which includes criminal violations of the Privacy Act.
DOE lawyer Steve Dillingham asked me to prepare a settlement offer in
1994.  I wrote a
settlement letter  May 22, 1994 to Dillingham.  Nothing happened.
June 11, 1998 I made several modifications to my 1994 settlement letter
and sent it e-mail
to Robert Nordhaus, Chief Counsel, DOE.
I ask that you
1  help with settlement of my six-year-old since I won my appeal at the
Tenth Circuit,
2  investigate Tenth Circuit case 94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation,
et al to bring
   the guilty to justice.
william payne
505 292 7037  I am not reading e-mail
Coauthor Lewis in the above is one of my former MS and PhD students in
computer science.
Monday 6/22/98 1:04 PM
Members of Congress
Purpose of this e-mail is to give written proof of criminal judicial
misconduct by Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals clerks Hoecker, Fisher, and
Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan and request a congressional
After several years, with Payne, of trying to get Tenth Circuit to send
docket sheets from my case,
citizen John Young    locates docket sheets
and posts them
  Morales Case Dockets 10th USCA                    June 12, 1998
on Internet at   Source: Online records Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals via PACER   GENERAL DOCKET FOR
  Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals
  Court of Appeals Docket  95-2204                           Filed:
  Nsuit: 3440
  Morales v. Sandia National Lab.
  Appeal from: United States District Court for the District of New
I filed
11/9/95     [898274] Appellant's brief filed by Arthur R. Morales.
            Original and 2 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 11/7/95.  Oral
            argument? pro se. Appellee's brief due 12/11/95 for Sandia
            National Lab. (pdw)
Sandia files its FIRST ATTEMPT at
12/11/95   [905033] Appellee's deficient brief filed by Sandia
           National Lab.. Appellee's corrected brief due 12/21/95 for
           Sandia National Lab.  additional copies received 12/11/95.
           (fg)
Tenth Circuit court clerk Patrick Fisher writes Wells on December 11,
concerning Sandia's deficient brief
  [C]orrections, however made, must be accompanied by proof of service
  upon all other parties to the appeal. ...
and issues
12/14/95   [905975] FIRST notice of rules violation for Deborah D.
           Wells for Appellee Sandia National Lab. (sls)
Wells submits
12/21/95    [907974] Appellee's brief filed by Sandia National Lab..
            Original and 7 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 12/20/95  Oral
            Argument? n Appellant's optional reply brief due 1/8/96 for
            Arthur R. Morales (mbm)
but DOES NOT serve me with a copy.
Wells later admits in
2/1/96        [917660] Response filed by Sandia National Lab.
              Appellant/Petitioner motion to clarify   Original and 3
              copies.  c/s: y response Null Relief Code (fg)
Certificate of Service date 30th day of January, 1996,
  [h]ad Appellant simply made a phone call to the Tenth Circuit, he
  have established that the Defendant-Appellee's corrected brief was
  filed on a timely basis, ...
I protested by filing
1/3/96       [909965] Appellant's motion "for the Court to Grant
             Appeal" filed by Appellant Arthur R. Morales [95-2204].
             Original and 3 copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
1/3/96       [909966] Appellant's motion "for New Trial" filed by
             Appellant Arthur R. Morales [95-2204]. Original and 3
             copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
1/3/96       [909967] Appellant's motion "to Discipline
             Defendant-Appellee" filed by Appellant Arthur R. Morales
             [95-2204]. Original and 3 copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
because Sandia did not properly serve me in violation of Fisher's
11, 1995 order.
The Tenth Circuit court of appeals should NOT, by its own rules, filed
Appellee's brief filed by Sandia National Lab..  Original and 7
copies.   c/s: y. Served on 12/20/95
10th Cir. R. 25.4 in 1995 page 62 reads
  Papers not accepted for filing. -- The clerk shall not file papers
that do not comply
  with the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure and these rules See
10thCir. R. 42.1
And is doubtful whether court clerk Fisher had any authority under
appellate procedure
to permit Wells to correct her deficient brief.  Rather Sandia's  brief did not comply with with Federal Rules of
Appellate Procedure and should have been summarily rejected for filing.
I WON, pro se, my appeal to the Tenth circuit on a technicality but
Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan
awarded the win to Sandia Labs.
4/2/96        [932848] Order filed by Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan
              denying parties' motions for general relief(found in Order
              and Judgment of 4/2/96)--"...During the course of this
              appeal, the parties have filed various motions for
              dismissal, summary grant, and sanctions. We find no merit
              to any of these motions, and they are [920851-1] Parties
              served by mail. (pdw)
by accepting and judging on a documents which was not permitted to be
before the court by
its own rules.
Judicial misconduct in my case has been well-documented as it is in
Payne's case.
Payne and I speculate that similar judicial misconduct may have occurred
at the Tenth Circuit.
Sandia lawyer Robert J Park wrote me a settlement letter on Feb 18,
I filled in the blanks and made minor handwritten chages and returned it
on February 22, 1998.  But my offer has not yet been accepted.
I ask that you
1  help have my settlement offer accepted,
2  investigate judicial misconduct in case 95-2204 and punish the
Some citizens can only express such frustrations with the US court
system with violence.
I seek change by legal reform.
Arthur R Morales
505 345 1381

@_date: 1998-06-26 12:37:06
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: ? 
Friday 6/26/98 1:23 PM
John Young
I wonder what the effect of all of the like
  and other materials you have posted at are going to be on those controlling the money?  Some key congressmen and their advisors.
Crypto, in my mind, represents pseudomathematics at its finest.
Also, the guy that is going to break-in will do it before encryption or after decryption. Or, of course, TRANSMIT THE KEY WITH THE CYPHERTEXT!
My mind is getting back to finishing the digital FX - and revising
my book!
Morales and I do not know what to make of Mitchell's JUN 22 motion.
But, with us now complaining to the Senate Judiciary Committee, WITH
HARD DOCKET EVIDENCE of wrongdoing life for lawyers is now more
I will respond to the JUN 22 motion about next Wednesday.
Won't be hard.  This is an INSIDE JOB.  I KNOW where the documents
are since I know the AUTHORS.  No search is required.
This should be settled before it gets WORSE.
  Date:         Mon, 22 Jun 1998 13:29:01 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         art morales , senator_hatch at Hatch.senate.gov, senator at thurmond.senate.gov,
        chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov, senator_specter at specter.senate.gov, senator_thompson at thompson.senate.gov,
        info at kyl.senate.gov, senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov, john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov, michigan at abraham.senate.gov,
        senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov, senator at kennedy.senate.gov, senator at biden.senate.gov, senator_kohl at kohl.senate.gov,
        senator at feinstein.senate.gov, russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov, dick at durbin.senate.gov, senator at torricelli.senate.gov
    CC:         steve dillingham <" Steven.Dillingham" Robert Nordhaus <" Robert.Nordhaus" mrgall at ix.netcom.com,
        jy at jya.com, art morales , federico pena <" Federico.F.Pena" RJPARK at sandia.gov,
        cypherpunks at toad.com, ukcrypto at maillist.ox.ac.uk
Monday 6/22/98 1:02 PM
Senate Judiciary Committee
Orrin G. Hatch, Utah, Chairman   senator_hatch at Hatch.senate.gov
Strom Thurmond, South Carolina   senator at thurmond.senate.gov
Charles E. Grassley, Iowa   chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov
Arlen Specter, Pennsylvania   senator_specter at specter.senate.gov
Fred Thompson, Tennessee   senator_thompson at thompson.senate.gov
Jon Kyl, Arizona   info at kyl.senate.gov
Mike DeWine, Ohio   senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov
John Ashcroft, Missouri   john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov
Spencer Abraham, Michigan   michigan at abraham.senate.gov
Jeff Sessions, Alabama
Patrick J. Leahy, Vermont   senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov
Edward M. Kennedy, Massachusetts   senator at kennedy.senate.gov
Joseph R.Biden, Jr., Delaware   senator at biden.senate.gov
Herb Kohl, Wisconsin   senator_kohl at kohl.senate.gov
Dianne Feinstein, California   senator at feinstein.senate.gov
Russell D. Feingold, Wisconsin   russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov
Richard Durbin, Illinois   dick at durbin.senate.gov
Robert Torricelli, New Jersey   senator at torricelli.senate.gov
Purpose of this e-mail is to give written proof of criminal judicial
misconduct by Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals clerks Hoecker, Fisher, and
Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis and help get this matter settled.
Thursday March 30, 1995 I wrote Tenth Circuit clerk Hoecker to request a
copy of the docket sheets for case 94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation,
et al
Hoecker did not answer my letter.
On Tuesday March 5,1996 I  wrote  Judge Lucius D. Bunton to ask his help
to get a copy of the docket sheets.  No response.
On Monday September 23, 1996 Arthur R Morales and I wrote  Henry A.
Politz, Chief Judge U.S. Court of Appeals - Fifth Circuit to ask his
help to get a copy of the docket sheets of my case and Moralesï¿½ Tenth
Circuit case 95-2204.
Tenth Circuit also refused to send Morales copies of docket sheets for
his case.
Politz is Bunton's boss.  No response.
Friday May 30, 1997 I wrote Antonin Scalia to get this help to get a
copy of the docket sheets.  No response.
5 May 1998 citizen John Young finds docket sheets on
    Source: PACER, U.S. Court of Appeals, 10th Circuit, 1-800-279-9107
and posts them on Internet at   Docket as of April 10, 1998 0:05 am
  Proceedings include all events.
  94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation, et al
shows that I filed my Brief of the Appellant on 2/19/95.
2/23/95     [835344] Appellant's brief filed by William H. Payne.
            Original and 7 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 2/19/95  Oral
            argument? pro se. Appellee/Respondent's brief due 3/24/95
            for Thomas P. Wright, for Robert Surran, for Paul A.
            Stokes, for Mary J. Stang, for Tommy A. Sellers, for Craig
            A. Searls, for Albert Narath, for Preston B. Herrington,
            for Peter S. Hamilton, for Roger L. Hagengruber, for James
            R. Gosler, for Harold L. Folley, for Robert L. Ewing, for
            C. William Childers, for Harvey J. Brewster, for Sandia
            Corporation (mbm)
mbm writes "Appellee/Respondent's brief due 3/24/95"
Sandia had sent me a copy of its brief by 3/28/96.
I filed  attached MOTION TO GRANT PLAINTIFF-APPELLANT'S DEMANDS ON BASIS
THAT DEFENDANT-APPELLEES FAILED TO FILE BRIEF WITHIN 30 DAYS SPECIFIED
BY FEDERAL RULE OF APPELLATE PROCEDURE 31 on Tuesday the 28th day of
March, 1995
My February 28 MOTION at the Tenth Circuit is filed WITHOUT notice of
service logged.
4/4/95       [845484] Appellant's motion filed by Appellant William H.
             Payne [94-2205] to grant appellant's demands on basis that
             appellees' failed to file timely brief. Original and 3
             copies  c/s: y (mbm)
In 1995 FRAP 25 (a) stated  "[b]riefs shall be deemed filed on the day
of mailing if the most expeditious form of delivery by mail, excepting special delivery,
is used."
FRAP 25 has been changed by 1998 to
Since I mailed Appellant's motion filed by Appellant William H.  Payne
[94-2205] to grant appellant's demands on basis that appellees' failed
to file timely brief on 3/28/98, it is likely Sandia's lawyer Friedman
received it 3/29/95.
Tenth Circuit logs
3/30/95      [844759] Appellee's brief filed by Sandia Corporation,
             Harvey J. Brewster, C. William Childers, Robert L. Ewing,
             Harold L. Folley, James R. Gosler, Roger L. Hagengruber,
             Peter S. Hamilton, Preston B. Herrington, Albert Narath,
             Craig A. Searls, Tommy A. Sellers, Mary J. Stang, Paul A.
             Stokes, Robert Surran, Thomas P. Wright. Original and 7
             copies. c/s: y. Served on 3/27/95  Oral Argument? y
             (appellant is pro se) Appellant's optional reply brief due
             4/13/95 for William H. Payne (mbm)
Federal Rule of Appellate Procedure [FRAP] 26 (c) states
  (c) Additional Time after Service. When a party is required or
permitted to act within a      prescribed period after service of a
paper upon that party, 3 calendar days are added to the     prescribed
period unless the paper is delivered on the date of service stated in
the proof of   service.   While the Tenth Circuit ASSERTS Appelleesï¿½ brief was, in fact, served on
evidence given below points to the brief  was served, in fact, on
3/29/95.  I allege that Friedman affixed a false date of service to Sandia's
I WAS NEVER PROPERLY SERVED.  I wrote
          Wednesday March 29, 1995
          Dan Friedman
          Simons, Cuddy & Friedman
          Pecos Trail Office Compound
          1701 Old Pecos Trail
          POB 4160
          Santa Fe, NM 87502-4160
          505-988-4476
          505-984-1807 FAX
          Dear Lawyer Friedman:
          Today at 14:00 hours I found a green and white about 9x13
          inch envelope in our mail box at my home.
          Mailing label indicated that the envelope came from your
          firm.  CONFIDENTIAL was stamped on the mailing label.
          I  wrote "Received at 14:00 hours on W 3/29/95 with no
          POSTMARK OR STAMP by W. H. Payne" at the bottom of the
          envelope.
          There was no STAMP OR POSTAGE METER LABEL or           POSTMARK on the envelope.
          Therefore, I gave the envelope to US Postal Service
          supervisor Mel at 14:49 hours today at the Postal Receiving
          station at 9904 Montgomery, NW in Albuquerque.  Mel has a
          copy of the cover of the envelope with Mel's note written on
          it.
          Mel told me the post office was going to return the envelope
          to your firm for proper mailing.
          I ask:
         1    What did this envelope contain?  Please identify
              the documents precisely.
         2    If any Certificates of Service were included in the
              envelope, then what were the dates affixed to these
              documents?
         3    Who placed this envelope in our mail box?
         Lawyer Friedman:  It appears you missed an important filing
         date.  And are in the process of attempt to correct your
         failure.  But may be using illegitimate methods to conceal
         your failure.
         Please respond as soon as possible so that we all may
         discover what has happened here." ...
Lawyer Friedman did not respond to the above letter.
But Friedman did mail me Appelleesï¿½ brief many days later in envelope
showing TRUE MAILING date.  Certificate of service on received
Appelleesï¿½ brief
did not reflect postmark date.
10th Cir. R. 25.4 in 1995 page 62 reads
  Papers not accepted for filing. -- The clerk shall not file papers
that do not comply
  with the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure and these rules See
10thCir. R. 42.1
But Tenth Circuit clerks Fisher and Hoecker despite my protests and
submission of
evidence may have stamped FILED on Sandia's IMPROPERLY SERVED Appellee/Respondent's brief according to the Federal Rules of Appellate
Laywer Friedman FALSIFIED THE CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE.   Friedman DID NOT MAIL ME "Served on 3/27/95."
d) Proof of Service; Filing. A paper presented for filing shall contain
an acknowledgment of service by the   person served or proof of service
in the form of a statement of the date and manner of service, of the
name of the person served, and of the addresses to which the papers were
mailed or at which they were delivered, certified by the person who made
service. Proof of service may appear on or be affixed to the papers
filed. When a brief or appendix is filed by mailing or dispatch in
accordance with Rule 25(a)(2)(B), the proof of service shall also state
the date and manner by which the document was mailed or dispatched to
the clerk.
  Crime apparently committed by Hoecker and Fisher is
ï¿½ 1017. Government seals wrongfully used and instruments wrongfully
sealed Whoever fraudulently or wrongfully affixes or impresses the seal of any
department or agency of the United States, to or upon any certificate,
instrument, commission, document, or paper or with knowledge of its
fraudulent character, with wrongful or fraudulent intent, uses, buys,
procures, sells, or transfers to another any such certificate,
instrument, commission, document, or paper, to which or upon which said
seal has been so fraudulently affixed or impressed, shall be fined under
this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. Despite my protests of judicial misconduct Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis
award decision to Sandia
10/6/95      [890055] Order filed by Judges Moore, Barrett, Weis
             "...All outstanding motions are denied..." (found in Order
             & Judgment of 10/6/95) [879579-1]  Parties served by mail.
             (pdw)
when these judges should not have had Appelleesï¿½ brief before them.
Then in an apparently attempt to conceal what happened
10/6/95     [890076]  NOTE: THIS ENTIRE CASE IS SEALED. Terminated on
            the Merits after Submission Without Oral Hearing; Judgment
            Affirmed; Written, Signed, Unpublished. Moore, authoring
            judge; Barrett; Weis. [94-2205] (pdw)
I WON MY APPEAL, pro se, ON A TECHNICALITY but judges Judges Moore,
Barrett, Weis
awarded the win to Sandia Labs!
Members of Congress, judicial misconduct in this matter has been
well-documented.  Court records
filed with the Tenth Circuit.  But CURRENTLY under seal.
Lawyers involved in this matter attempt to use the legal strategy of
IGNORE and STONEWALL to
attempt to deny me justice.  Ignoring and stonewalling by lawyers forced Morales and me to seek
visibility so lawyers
could no longer ignore and stonewall.
Lawyer attitude apparently is that they ignore rules of civil procedure
or even the law so long
as their actions are invisible to public scrutiny.
Visibility was achieved by suing the National Security Agency which
revealed even more judicial misconduct I would like to settle all  matters involved with this unfortunate
cyrpto-related matter,
which includes criminal violations of the Privacy Act.
DOE lawyer Steve Dillingham asked me to prepare a settlement offer in
1994.  I wrote a
settlement letter  May 22, 1994 to Dillingham.  Nothing happened.
June 11, 1998 I made several modifications to my 1994 settlement letter
and sent it e-mail
to Robert Nordhaus, Chief Counsel, DOE.
I ask that you
1  help with settlement of my six-year-old since I won my appeal at the
Tenth Circuit,
2  investigate Tenth Circuit case 94-2205  Payne v. Sandia Corporation,
et al to bring
   the guilty to justice.
william payne
505 292 7037  I am not reading e-mail
Coauthor Lewis in the above is one of my former MS and PhD students in
computer science.
Monday 6/22/98 1:04 PM
Members of Congress
Purpose of this e-mail is to give written proof of criminal judicial
misconduct by Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals clerks Hoecker, Fisher, and
Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan and request a congressional
After several years, with Payne, of trying to get Tenth Circuit to send
docket sheets from my case,
citizen John Young    locates docket sheets
and posts them
  Morales Case Dockets 10th USCA                    June 12, 1998
on Internet at   Source: Online records Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals via PACER   GENERAL DOCKET FOR
  Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals
  Court of Appeals Docket  95-2204                           Filed:
  Nsuit: 3440
  Morales v. Sandia National Lab.
  Appeal from: United States District Court for the District of New
I filed
11/9/95     [898274] Appellant's brief filed by Arthur R. Morales.
            Original and 2 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 11/7/95.  Oral
            argument? pro se. Appellee's brief due 12/11/95 for Sandia
            National Lab. (pdw)
Sandia files its FIRST ATTEMPT at
12/11/95   [905033] Appellee's deficient brief filed by Sandia
           National Lab.. Appellee's corrected brief due 12/21/95 for
           Sandia National Lab.  additional copies received 12/11/95.
           (fg)
Tenth Circuit court clerk Patrick Fisher writes Wells on December 11,
concerning Sandia's deficient brief
  [C]orrections, however made, must be accompanied by proof of service
  upon all other parties to the appeal. ...
and issues
12/14/95   [905975] FIRST notice of rules violation for Deborah D.
           Wells for Appellee Sandia National Lab. (sls)
Wells submits
12/21/95    [907974] Appellee's brief filed by Sandia National Lab..
            Original and 7 copies.   c/s: y. Served on 12/20/95  Oral
            Argument? n Appellant's optional reply brief due 1/8/96 for
            Arthur R. Morales (mbm)
but DOES NOT serve me with a copy.
Wells later admits in
2/1/96        [917660] Response filed by Sandia National Lab.
              Appellant/Petitioner motion to clarify   Original and 3
              copies.  c/s: y response Null Relief Code (fg)
Certificate of Service date 30th day of January, 1996,
  [h]ad Appellant simply made a phone call to the Tenth Circuit, he
  have established that the Defendant-Appellee's corrected brief was
  filed on a timely basis, ...
I protested by filing
1/3/96       [909965] Appellant's motion "for the Court to Grant
             Appeal" filed by Appellant Arthur R. Morales [95-2204].
             Original and 3 copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
1/3/96       [909966] Appellant's motion "for New Trial" filed by
             Appellant Arthur R. Morales [95-2204]. Original and 3
             copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
1/3/96       [909967] Appellant's motion "to Discipline
             Defendant-Appellee" filed by Appellant Arthur R. Morales
             [95-2204]. Original and 3 copies.  c/s: y. (pdw)
because Sandia did not properly serve me in violation of Fisher's
11, 1995 order.
The Tenth Circuit court of appeals should NOT, by its own rules, filed
Appellee's brief filed by Sandia National Lab..  Original and 7
copies.   c/s: y. Served on 12/20/95
10th Cir. R. 25.4 in 1995 page 62 reads
  Papers not accepted for filing. -- The clerk shall not file papers
that do not comply
  with the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure and these rules See
10thCir. R. 42.1
And is doubtful whether court clerk Fisher had any authority under
appellate procedure
to permit Wells to correct her deficient brief.  Rather Sandia's  brief did not comply with with Federal Rules of
Appellate Procedure and should have been summarily rejected for filing.
I WON, pro se, my appeal to the Tenth circuit on a technicality but
Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan
awarded the win to Sandia Labs.
4/2/96        [932848] Order filed by Judges Anderson, Barrett, Logan
              denying parties' motions for general relief(found in Order
              and Judgment of 4/2/96)--"...During the course of this
              appeal, the parties have filed various motions for
              dismissal, summary grant, and sanctions. We find no merit
              to any of these motions, and they are [920851-1] Parties
              served by mail. (pdw)
by accepting and judging on a documents which was not permitted to be
before the court by
its own rules.
Judicial misconduct in my case has been well-documented as it is in
Payne's case.
Payne and I speculate that similar judicial misconduct may have occurred
at the Tenth Circuit.
Sandia lawyer Robert J Park wrote me a settlement letter on Feb 18,
I filled in the blanks and made minor handwritten chages and returned it
on February 22, 1998.  But my offer has not yet been accepted.
I ask that you
1  help have my settlement offer accepted,
2  investigate judicial misconduct in case 95-2204 and punish the
Some citizens can only express such frustrations with the US court
system with violence.
I seek change by legal reform.
Arthur R Morales
505 345 1381

@_date: 1998-06-26 19:24:30
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Wooden sculpture 
Friday 6/26/98 7:44 PM
John Young
I am reading
  Tonight I retrieved a wooden sculpture given to me by
numerical analyst   LINPACK  Richard Hanson.
That's him!  Hanson gave me the sculpture in about 1978.
Hanson and I have been colleagues for about 25 years.
I will forward it to you.  With initials on the bottom.
And, of course, YOU must pass on the sculpture to the NEXT DESERVING.
Our buddies aren't happy about what happened.  Allahu akbar ... and keep up wind. Until we get SETTLMENT, of course.
Settlment must include support payments for Iranian mothers who lost
sons in the Iraq/Iran war, retirement benfits for them, health insurance
and a LETTER OF APOLOGY.  All paid for by NSA and the CIA.
We are ALL working for settlment.

@_date: 1998-06-28 18:28:58
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Just clicked on http://www.jya.com/crypto.htm 
Sunday 6/28/98 7:12 PM
John Young
Just looked at usa062698.htm      Payne v. NSA: US on Classified NSA Declaration   June 27, 1998
usa062298.htm      Payne v. NSA: US Motion on FOIA for NSA Algos    June 27, 1998
See you got the Saturday fax.
Dinner is ready, said Patty.
Glad you enjoyed the hat I sent you  ...
Patty just called me to dinner.  Patty yelled J Orlin Grabbe!
J ORLIN GRABBE appeared on 60 Minutes. Leslie Stall was critital.
Watched remainder of 60 minutes.
For the record, Patty is my SAME wife since 1962,   Implementing Basics : How Basics Work
  by William H. and Patricia Payne
Patty and I met John Gilmore and his girl friend Cindy for dinner in about October.
It took about 15 minutes for Patty and I to discover if Gilmore and his
girl friend were of THE SAME SPECIES.
I am a TOTAL CONSERVATIVE.  I FINALLY saw J Orlin Grabbe on 60 Minutes tonight.
Looks like he may be from a different spicies too.  But from our minds, Gilmore, Grabbe, and LOTS OF YOU
think the same thoughts.  And likely John Young too. Good ones.  No evil.
I need to collect my thoughts after seeing 60 minutes tonight.
Best

@_date: 1998-06-30 11:52:45
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Settlement help, please 
Please help get this mess settled.
Tuesday  6/30/98 12:03 PM
Mr. Thomas J. Schlageter, Assistant  Legal Counsel
Advice and External Litigation Division
Office of Legal Counsel
1801 L. Street, Northwest, Room 6034
Washington, D.C. 20507
Dear Mr. Schlageter: Purposes of this letter are to
1  seek administrative remedy of a release of false and defaming information on myself  which violated Privacy Act.   Charles Burtner and Larry Trujillo of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's (EEOC)  Phoenix District Office unlawfully released the information.
2  Exhaust administrative remedies if we are not able to settle this matter.
3  Request information under the Freedom of Information and Privacy Acts.
On June 29 I received at letter from
Aletha L. Brown Inspector General
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
POB 18858
Washington, D.C. 20036-8858
dated June 25, 1998, OIG Control Number 981770 which said
  This is to acknowledge receipt for your letter dated May 15, 1998, requesting Freedom of Information Act       (FOIA) and Privacy Act information.  I apologize for the delay in responding to your request.
  Your complaint regarding alleged Privacy Act violation and FOIA request was forwarded to the Office of
  Legal Counsel on May 27, 1998.  With regards to these matters, please contact:
  	Washington, D,C, 20507
  Mr. Payne, the OIG plans no investigative action regarding this matter.  Thank you for contacting
  this office.
  Sincerely
  [signature]
  Aletha L. Brown
  Inspector General
  Attachment
Attachment reads
  U.S. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION
         		      May 27, 1998
  MEMORANDUM
  TO:   Mr. Thomas J. Schlageter, Assistant Legal Counsel
           Advice and External Litigation Division
               [signature]
  FROM  Joyce T. Willoughby, Counsel
               Office of the Inspector General
  SUBJECT:  Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Request of William Payne
  Attached is a Freedom of Information (FOIA) request from William Payne, which
  was received by the Office of the Inspector General (OIG) on May 20, 1998.  In an
  effort to respond to this request, attached are copies of the OIG case file concerning Mr. Payne,   the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, and excerpts from the OIG Investigative Manual
  and Deskbook.
  If you have any question concerning this memorandum or need additional information you may
  contact me at Extension 4397.
  Attachments
While I hope we are able to settle the civil aspects of this unfortunate release of false and
defaming information on me, I must anticipate, however, that I will have to seek judicial
Therefore, under 5 USC 552, the Freedom of Information Act, and 5 USC 552a, the Privacy Act, I request access to copies
1  All documents describing YOUR efforts to properly investigate and settle this unlawful release of false and defaming information about me.
2  All WRITTEN documents, including phone call message notes or another notes, containing the name of William Payne, Bill Payne, etc. made between 3/18/98 and 6/30/98 by your or your staff.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law stipulates.
This letter resembles one I sent to Ms. Varygas of your office on 6/29.  I append the Varyas letter to
this letter for your information.
Mr. Schlageter,  I hope this unfortunate matter can be resolved at the administrative
level at EEOC.  And I ask your help.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111
505 292 7037 <- I am not reading e-mail
Tom Spellman
Aletha L. Brown Senate Judiciary Committee Orrin G. Hatch, Utah, Chairman   senator_hatch at Hatch.senate.gov
Strom Thurmond, South Carolina   senator at thurmond.senate.gov
Charles E. Grassley, Iowa   chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov
Arlen Specter, Pennsylvania   senator_specter at specter.senate.gov
Fred Thompson, Tennessee   senator_thompson at thompson.senate.gov
Jon Kyl, Arizona   info at kyl.senate.gov
Mike DeWine, Ohio   senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov
John Ashcroft, Missouri   john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov
Spencer Abraham, Michigan   michigan at abraham.senate.gov
Jeff Sessions, Alabama
Patrick J. Leahy, Vermont   senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov
Edward M. Kennedy, Massachusetts   senator at kennedy.senate.gov
Joseph R.Biden, Jr., Delaware   senator at biden.senate.gov
Herb Kohl, Wisconsin   senator_kohl at kohl.senate.gov
Dianne Feinstein, California   senator at feinstein.senate.gov
Russell D. Feingold, Wisconsin   russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov
Richard Durbin, Illinois   dick at durbin.senate.gov
Robert Torricelli, New Jersey   senator at torricelli.senate.gov
Monday 6/29/98 11:59 AM
Ms. Ellen J. Varygas, Legal Counsel
Office of Legal Counsel
1801 L. Street, Northwest, Room 6002
Washington, DC 20507
(202) 663-4637
Dear Ms. Varygas:
Purposes of this letter are to
1  seek administrative remedy of a release of false and defaming information on myself  which violated Privacy Act.   Charles Burtner and Larry Trujillo of the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission's (EEOC)  Phoenix District Office unlawfully released the information.
2  Exhaust administrative remedies if we are not able to settle this matter.
3  Request information under the Freedom of Information and Privacy Acts.
Aletha L. Brown Inspector General
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
POB 18858
Washington, D.C. 20036-8858
wrote me on May 7 1998   The Office of Inspector General (OIG) is empowered to investigate matters of fraud, waste
  and abuse which may be attendant to EEOC programs and operations.  We do not have
  programmatic responsibilities and are not involved in the administration and resolution
  of Privacy Act violations.
  Based upon our review of the information provided, we have determined that this matter,
  although important, is outside of OIG's purview and therefore does not warrant any  investigative action by     this office.  In regards to this issue contact:
  	Office of Legal Counsel
     	Washington, DC 20507
  Mr. Payne, I hope this information is helpful to you but regret that I can not provide the   remedy you seek.    Thank you for contacting the Office of the Inspector General.
  Sincerely,
  Aletha L. Brown
  Inspector General
June 16, 1998 A Jacy Thurmond, Jr, Assistant Legal Counsel/FOIA sent me some information
I requested on possible administrative remedy of the matter under a  FOIA/PA request.  My request was mailed Friday 5/15/98.
While I hope we are able to settle the civil aspects of this unfortunate release of false and
defaming information on me, I must anticipate, however, that I will have to seek judicial
Therefore, under 5 USC 552, the Freedom of Information Act, and 5 USC 552a, the Privacy Act, I request access to copies
1  All documents describing YOUR efforts to properly investigate and settle this unlawful release of false and defaming information about me.
2  All WRITTEN documents, including phone call message notes or another notes, containing the name of William Payne, Bill Payne, etc. made between 3/18/98 and 6/29/98 by your or your staff.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law stipulates.
Details of the release of information can be found on Internet starting most recently with
      Payne v. NSA: US on Classified NSA Declaration    June 27, 1998
      Payne v. NSA: US Motion on FOIA for NSA Algos     June 27, 1998
at Ms Varygas,  I hope this unfortunate matter can be resolved at the administrative
level at EEOC.  And I ask your help.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111
505 292 7037 <- I am not reading e-mail
Tom Spellman
Aletha L. Brown Senate Judiciary Committee Orrin G. Hatch, Utah, Chairman   senator_hatch at Hatch.senate.gov
Strom Thurmond, South Carolina   senator at thurmond.senate.gov
Charles E. Grassley, Iowa   chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov
Arlen Specter, Pennsylvania   senator_specter at specter.senate.gov
Fred Thompson, Tennessee   senator_thompson at thompson.senate.gov
Jon Kyl, Arizona   info at kyl.senate.gov
Mike DeWine, Ohio   senator_dewine at dewine.senate.gov
John Ashcroft, Missouri   john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov
Spencer Abraham, Michigan   michigan at abraham.senate.gov
Jeff Sessions, Alabama
Patrick J. Leahy, Vermont   senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov
Edward M. Kennedy, Massachusetts   senator at kennedy.senate.gov
Joseph R.Biden, Jr., Delaware   senator at biden.senate.gov
Herb Kohl, Wisconsin   senator_kohl at kohl.senate.gov
Dianne Feinstein, California   senator at feinstein.senate.gov
Russell D. Feingold, Wisconsin   russell_feingold at feingold.senate.gov
Richard Durbin, Illinois   dick at durbin.senate.gov
Robert Torricelli, New Jersey   senator at torricelli.senate.gov

@_date: 1998-06-30 11:59:47
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: NSA and crypto algorithms 
It is EASY to make mistakes when designing crypto algorithms.
SECRECY works against NSA in that their work doesn't get proper evaluation by HOSTILE referees.  Like
NSA does have good experiences at fielding crypto devices.
My suprise at gaining access to NSA crypto algorithms was how
simple they were.

@_date: 1998-06-30 14:46:45
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Judge Campos letter 
Tuesday 6/30/98 3:20 PM
John Young
Nice to talk to you.
I see
 Payne v. NSA: Response to Motion to Remand FOIA   June 30, 1998
at I opened judge Campos' letter at the fax.  I handed it to the nice
I wrote your fax number on the envelope.
Then went to Page One Two to look at used VW repair manuals.
Page One Two specializes in used books and CDs.
I am REALLY CURIOUS about what Campos wrote.  Especially on a
Tuesday.  But not curious enough to read the letter now.
Lawyers always plan to have their hate letters arrive on a weekend
or, just before a vacation.  Christmas is a lawyer favorite.
I ordered a engine rebuild gasket set, rod and main bearings, engine
mounts, rings, valve guides and springs, and SPLURGED by ordering an
exhuast header this afternoon.
My '82 rabbit is about guaranteed to fail emissions test this fall.
I ordered today from J C Whitney because the price for the $99.95
header goes up $10 tomorrow.  Perhaps headers will even FURTHER
improve its exciting 20 second 0-60 performance?
I will do the rebuilt in the fall.  I phoned a member of Albuquerqueï¿½s underground economy last night.
He will do the labor on the head for $60.  Cash, of course.
I must now ABSOLUTE CERTAINLY complete the digital FX IMMEDIATELY.  To make some money.
Litigation is more of a long term financial project.  Like Morales and I
have been working on this project for SIX YEARS.
Hopefully this mess will be settled so that I can devote time to another
of my specialties.  Rebuilding Big Block Ford and VW water cooled
engines.  And writing MORE books too.  Perhaps even write a law book. On pro se litigation.  With Morales, of
course.  But this can be a point for settlement negotiation, of course.

@_date: 1998-03-01 18:18:56
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: sick feeling 
Date:         Sun, 01 Mar 1998 18:58:39 -0700
  From:         bill payne     To:         L E Banderet Sunday 3/1/98 6:33 PM
Got your stuff on Saturday.
Patty and I both commented on the picture of your lovely new wife.
And I was  pleased that you had authored or co-authored
85 publications. This is what I was supposed to train you for.
Patty and I watched 60 Minutes tonight and what happened in Halabja, Iraq.  The IMMEDIATE and LONG TERM effects of a combination mustard and sarin gas attack on genetics.
Last night I transcribed some of your and you co-authors' words.
Volume 9, Number 4, 1997
  MILITARY PSYCHOLOGY
  The Official Journal of the   Division of Military Psychology
  American Psychological Association
  Special Issue:  Effects of Chemical Protective
                  Clothing of Military Performance
  Guest Editors:  Gerald P. Krueger and
                  Louis E. Banderet
         Psychological Aspects of Chemical Defense and Warfare
        James W. Stokes
        U.S. Army Medical Department Center and School
        Fort Sam Houston, Texas
        Louis E. Banderet
        U.S. Army Research Institute of Environmental Medicine
        Natick, Massachusetts
  Concerns about chemical, biological, or radiation (CBR) weapons  and   their potential for warfare can be very stressful.  Such concerns
  subject  people to unfamiliar threats in highly ambiguous situations,
in which   people feel they may be wronged or they are helpless.  Maladaptive
  psychological overreactions or underreactions may result.  Such
  reactions to chemical warfare are illustrated with the experience from
World War
  I,  the 1991 Persian Gulf War, and the 1995 terrorist attack in the
  subway.  General principles of psychology suggest strategies and
  tactics for training and materiel development that should enhance
  performance and reduce maladaptive stress in CBR threat situations. Some of these
  practices  may be relevant to nonmilitary law enforcement and relief
  that manage CBR threats.
page 395.
Now I transcribe some of the more relevant stuff.
  Effects of Chemical Protective Clothing on Military Performance:
  A Review of the Issues
  Gerald P. Krueger
  Star Mountain, Inc.
  Alexandria, Virginia
  Lous E. Banderet
  U.S. Army Research Institute of Environmental Medicine
  Natick, Massachusetts
  This review in this special issue of Military Psychology on the
  effects of chemical protective clothing (CPC) on military performance
provide a historical
  perspective on continued anxieties over likely use of battlefield
  chemical-biological weapons and summarizes significant concerns of
military personnel weaning CPC in
  training and combat.  This review describes pschophysiological
stresses such
  protective ensembles have on personnel and how these affect military
performance, and it
  summarizes major military psychological research program on the effect
of wearing CPC.   This article reviews what is known about wearing CPC, describes future
  developments, and  identifies domains for improved military training
with CPC.
              MEDICAL AND PSYCHOLOGICAL EFFECT               OF C-B WEAPONS
  There are many medical, physiological and psychological reactions from
  exposure to chemical-biological (C-B) weapons.  Many bio-warfare
agents and most
  chemical weapons are designed to interfere with function of the
nervous system and to
  disrupt normal control of vital organ systems that sustain life.  For
example,  the more
  common chemical war nerve agents involve organophosphate compounds, similar to
  insecticides, that inhibit  cholinesterase enzymes throughout the
body.  Because cholinesterase
  hydrolyzes acetylcholine where ever liberated, this inhibition results in
  excessive concentrations of acetylcholine at various sites - from the
ending of the
  parasympathetic nerves to smooth muscles of the iris, ciliary body,
bronchi, gastrointestinal trace,
  bladder, and blood  vessels; to secretary gland of the respiratory
tract' and to endings of the
  sympathetic nerves to sweat glands (Newhouse, 1987; Simmons et at
1989).  Exposure to large
  amounts of nerve agent may lead to loss of muscle control, twitching,
  unconsciousness, convulsions, coma, and even death.  The most common
cause of death after acute
  exposure is respiratory arrest.  Death may occur within minutes or
take several hours.
     In terms of psychological functioning, moderate but nonlethal
  exposure to nerve agent produces severe impairment in cognition,
vigilance, memory and
  language.  Acute intoxication produces confusion, drowsiness, and
difficulty in
  concentration (Newhouse, 1987).  These impairment make it difficult to
continue to perform may
  soldier tasks. Effects on cognition may persist after only a slight
exposure.   Performance improvement appears to correlate with the body's
regeneration of
  acetycholinesterase, usually requiring several months.
    Neurophysychological testing (Newhouse, 1987) reveals that chronic
  exposure to  organophosphates significantly impairs higher mental
  requiring use of the frontal lobes, particularly the left lobe. Organophosphate poisoning
  selectively  impairs memory of recently learned information, and this
impairment is likely related to
  cholinergic involvement in the memory processes.  The effects include
defects in long-term
  memory, visual searching, and response alteration - effects similar to
those caused by a frontal
  lobotomy.  In chronically exposed individuals, speed of task
performance and overall cognitive
  efficiency also declines. Persistent visual impairments are reported
in workers poisoned with
  anticholinesterase insecticides, and acute poisoning impair oculomotor
function.   Poisoning with nerve agents may also cause psychiatric disturbances
such as depression.
    Use of C-B weapons results not only in large number of physical
  casualties on the battlefield by in may psychological casualties as
well.  Concern over the mere
  threat that C-B weapons might be used raises battlefield anxiety of
combatants and can produce
  a level of fear disproportionate to that evoked by countless
alternative conventional
  battlefield means of killing or maiming, such a with guns, artillery,
and bombs.  Such
  anxieties can create large numbers of psychological stress casualties
contribution to unit
  ineffectiveness on the battlefield and combat losses.  Such adverse
emotions may also cause posttraumatic
  stress disorders after combat ceases.
                DEVELOPMENT OF COUNTERMEASURES
                FOR THE COMBAT THEATER
   Modern military forces recognize the C-B weapons can be the
  attention-getting equivalent of a poor country's nuclear weapons. Such weapons can be
  counter-acted, however, and concerned nations prepare their forces to
preserve their health and
  safety against C-B warfare.   ...
                        THE THREAT OF C-B WARFARE
  Although biological warfare was used centuries ago by the Romans and
  was used in the 14th century by the Tartars, who catapulted
plague-infected bodies
  into cities under siege (Hewish, 1997),  military forces have made
scant use of
  biological warfare in modern times.  The more recent innovation of
chemical warfare dates to 1914
  when the French used tear gas against unprotected German forces, who
in turn introduced
  chlorine and phosgene in 1915 and mustard gas in 1917 against the
British, who sustained
  14,000 casualties in 3 months (Hewish, 1997).  May World Ware I
soldiers were grotesquely
  injured or died in gas war trenches in France and Russia;  Russia's
gas casualties exceed a
  half million, including 50,000 fatalities (Westerhoff, 1980).
    In 1925, many countries signed a Geneva Protocol prohibiting first
  use of chemical and bacteriological weapons.  However, during the
1930s, several
  countries, notably Germany, encouraged chemists to develop chemical
weapons as a by-product of
  insecticide research production.  By World War II, Germany and powers
stockpiled huge
  caches of chemical, but probably due to fear of in-kind retaliation,
chemical weapons were not
  used in World War II.
    After the war, Germany's organophoshporous arsenal fell into Russian
  hands, and for the next 50 years, military forces relegated C-B
warfare efforts to relatively
  quiet development programs for future battlefields.
    Since World War II, C-B weapons have been employed several times on
  a relatively small scale.  In the 1970s, the Vietnamese used chemical
and "yellow rain"
  biological agents in Cambodian jungles, the Soviets used chemical in
Afghanistan (U.S.
  Department of State, 1980), Iraq used sulfur mustard  and other
chemical in the Iran-Iraq
  conflict (1979-1980), and Iraq used chemical in 1980 - this time
against its own people, the
  northern Kurds (Stuteville, 1997).
    There have been periodic threats to use chemical weapons on a grand
  scale.  In the 1970s, the Warsaw Pact possessed huge stockpiles of
chemical weapons (
  mostly soman, cyanide, and mustard gas), and Soviet chemical warfare
teams openly
  conducted extensive training in gas warfare tactics.  Such readiness
for large scale C-B
  warfare was underscored in the Persian Gulf War of 1991, as Iraq
threatened to use chemical
  (sarin) and biologicals (anthrax spores) against coalition forces and
possibly against
  neighboring cities in Saudi Arabia and Israel (Begley, Barry,  &
Hager, 1991).  By January 1991,
  Saudi Arabia had predug 50,000 graves planned for burying civilian
  casualties expected to succumb to Iraqi chemical poisoning from
anticipated rocket attacks on
  Saudi cities oraerosols drifting from the battlefields (Kaplan, 1991).
    Although Iraq did not unleash such chemical, and the battles were
  ultimately short, many U.S. military personnel may been exposed to
chemical during the
  March 1991 destruction of Iraqi weapon stockpiled (mostly sarin) near
  Iraq (Stuteville, 1997).  The U. S. government continue to investigate
whether exposures
  to chemical agents may have contributed to the so-called Gulf War
  experienced by many U.S. military veterans of that encounter. Exposure of soldiers to
  multiple chemical and and environmental stressors may be linked to
  illnesses that manifest in symptomatology such as disabling fatigue,
insomnia, malaise, joint
  and muscle pains, skin sores, hair loss, and gastrointestinal and
  difficulties (Brown & Priest, 1996).  Others asset that U.S. military
personnel were exposed
  to Iraq chemical warfare from Scud missiles, artillery and aircraft
(Stuteville, 1997)
                        PUBLIC CONCERN
  Open, frank, public news of existent military chemical stockpiles,
  proliferation of chemical or biological weaponry, and periodic
'saber-ratting' threats to use
  such weapons amplify world public concerns over the enormity of what
someday could be a horrific
  chemical or biological calamity.  Unprotected civilian populations
fear they may be
  deliberately attacked by chemical and biological weapons or
inadvertently by aerosol warfare
  agents drifting into populated areas of a battlefield.  Disastrous
incident like the one in
  1984 at a chemical actory in Bhopal, India, which killed over 2,000
people and sickened    countless others, sensitized citizenry to the lethal potential of such
  compounds.  In 1995, terrorist attacks on the Tokyo subway, and news
media discussion of possible use
  of nerve agents in terrorist disruption of public gathering like the
1992 and 1996
  Olympics, heightened Public fears over such chemical incidents have
become almost visceral.  News
  of recent advances in genetic technologies (Dando, 1997)  suggest use
of future
  biological weapons with unprecedented insidiousness and specificity is
possible.  Moreover,
  the mass media and media expert sources remind the public that the
United States  may not be
  adequately prepared or trained to defend itself against chemical or
biological warfare (Beal,
  1997).  ...
I got a sick feeling when Hans Buehler phoned from Zurich on why he was
jailed in the Evin prison in Tehran.
You failed to mention the long-term effects of mustard-sarin.  Or how the suits were to protect against biological weapons.
I have an even more sick feeling now.  Title: Untitled Document
Viewing this page requires a browser capable of displaying frames.

@_date: 1998-03-04 18:51:16
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Brickell and Sandia 
Wednesday 3/4/98 6:59 PM
While trying to recover from the stomach flu, I am going over your stuff
summarized at   You wrote at [Brickell-Gemmell-Kravitz.]
  Sandia National Laboratories have created the digital cash equivalent
of the Clipper chip: an "anonymous"       digital cash system that would give participants privacy from all
viewers, except for the government agencies   that would control the secret keys required for backdoor access.
and    Why is Sandia interested in digital cash systems? Well, Sandia is
responsible for all non-nuclear components      of nuclear weapons.  The security of nuclear weapons depends partly on
cryptology. The code- breaking   National Security Agency (NSA), for example,  is responsible for the
communication security of the   Minuteman missile, as well as the codes by which the President must
identify himself to authorize a nuclear     strike.
Brickell and Simmons were in the COMPUTATIONAL/COMPUTER SCIENCES & MATH
directorate 1400, at Sandia.
I worked in the ELECTRONIC SUBSYSTEMS CENTER, directorate 2300, division 2311, when I was project leader of the Missile Secure
Cryptographic Unit, the small missile,  [between about 1982-86].
All of the nuclear bomb crypto implmentation work was done in 2300, not
The MAIN difference is that the 2300 people were a bunch of PRACTICAL
engineers and REAL-PRACTICAL software types.  NOT theoreticians.
Gus Simmon once tried to get into the implentation business.  Simmons bought an Intel 320 [?] development system.  The Intel 320 was a
piece of junk and nothing happened with Simmonsï¿½ implementation work.
Simmonsï¿½ try, naturally, caught the attention of 2300 management, for
business reasons, of course.
I LOVE reading all of this stuff from a Sandia historical standpoint.
The REAL WORLD of Sandia crypto stuff in pockmarked by some REAL
SCREW-UPS.  Which all
of us implementers shared so as not to commit the same mistakes again.
I asked my department manager, Kent Parsons, how the screw-ups affected
him.  He responded that
it made him sleepy.  These were MULTI- if not HUNDREDS- million dollar

@_date: 1998-03-09 18:04:25
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Statsi, sayanim, spiking crypto 
Monday 3/9/98 6:17 PM
merata at pearl.sums.ac.ir
lawya at lucs-01.novell.leeds.ac.uk
sjmz at hplb.hpl.hp.com
I just read a printed copy I made of  Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore?
 starting at fairly carefully.
I seized upon Madsenï¿½s statements,
1 the random encryption key could be automatically and   clandestinely transmitted with the enciphered message.
2 they may also have been tipped off by Stasi files of the   ex-East German regime that found their way to Iran
Try MfS agents who went to work for Iran after the Cold War.
Then there was the postcard from Tel Aviv I received at Sandia labs which followed-up a yellow piece of paper sent
by snail mail asking numbered detailed question about work I was doing at Sandia.
I responded back to the postcard, by postcard of course,                ï¿½Know any sayanim?ï¿½
No response. It doesn't take at rocket scientist to figure that one out.
Letï¿½s all hope for settlement of this unfortunate matter so that
we can all move on to more constructive projects.

@_date: 1998-03-09 18:48:36
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: REASONABLENESS 
The great ANGLO ARMADA is sailing near Iran.
And the Armada needs to expend its 'intelligent' weapons
for business reasons.
Be on the BEST OF BEHAVIOR. best regards
Monday 3/9/98 6:17 PM
merata at pearl.sums.ac.ir
lawya at lucs-01.novell.leeds.ac.uk
sjmz at hplb.hpl.hp.com
I just read a printed copy I made of  Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore?
 starting at fairly carefully.
I seized upon Madsen's statements,
1 the random encryption key could be automatically and   clandestinely transmitted with the enciphered message.
2 they may also have been tipped off by Stasi files of the   ex-East German regime that found their way to Iran
Try MfS agents who went to work for Iran after the Cold War.
Then there was the postcard from Tel Aviv I received at Sandia labs which followed-up a yellow piece of paper sent
by snail mail asking numbered detailed questions about work I was doing at Sandia.
I responded back to the postcard, by postcard of course,                "Know any sayanim?"
No response. It doesn't take at rocket scientist to figure that one out.
Let's all hope for settlement of this unfortunate matter so that
we can all move on to more constructive projects.

@_date: 1998-03-10 19:01:32
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: do it to them.  they deseve it. 
Tuesesday March 10, 1998 3/10/98
E-mail Federico.F.Pena at hq.doe.gov and mail
Federico F. Pena
The Secretary of Energy
United States Department of Energy
Washington, D.C. 20585
Dear Secretary Pena:
Purpose of this letter is to appeal a denial of a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Request.
I wrote on Tuesday February 17, 1999 15:11
  e-mail and mail
  Ms. Elva Barfield
  Freedom of Information Office
  U. S. Department of Energy
  Albuquerque Operations Office/OIEA
  POB 5400
  Albuquerque, NM 87185-5400
  EBARFIELD at DOEAL.GOV
  Dear Ms. Barfield:
  VP Al Gore is in the crypto business.
    Information SuperSpyWay     Al Gore Approved
    Encryption for China
    in Return for
    Campaign Donations
    by Charles R. Smith
  Portions of the above document posted on Internet at    and     states
  1.	Gore charged with encryption policy according to PDD-5 and               PRD-27 on April 16, 1993.   2.	Government officials represent themselves on Al Gore's behalf for         RSA patent purchase negotiations in Feb. 1994.   3.	RSA chairman Bidzos meets with Chinese officials at the same         time as Ron Brown in Oct. 1995.   4.	RSA Chairman Bidzos enters into merger negotiations with Security   5.	VP Gore calls Sanford Robertson from the White House for a         donation in Nov. 1995.   6.	Robertson delivers $100,000 donation ($80,000 soft - $20,000   7.	RSA signs deal with China in Feb. 1996. The administration   8.	Justice Dept. approves RSA merger with Security Dynamics in   In 1991 I was in involved with Sandia National Laboratories
  Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty seismic data authenticator.
  At that time Sandia director Tommy A Sellers had assumed   responsibility for directorship from Robert Clem.
  Sandia supervisor Tom Wright replaced my supervisor, John Holovka,   who was the supervisor for the CTBT seismic data authenticator.
  Wright brought in Ph.D. Steven Goldsmith to supervise me.
  Sellars, Wright, and Goldsmith were new to crypto-type projects.
  Much of this is documented at   This is evidenced by Sellar's attached SEP 24 1991 memorandum,
  which Goldsmith help author, addressed to Dr James J Hearn at   the National Security Agency.
  The SEP 24 memorandum contained a number of technical errors.
  I corrected these errors in my attached December 20, 1991 memorandum.
  Department of Energy and it predecessors have a well-documented
  history of not requiring technical expertise for pursuit of interests.
  Stewart Udall, The Myths of August, writes,
      Any cover-up must be implemented and enforced by designated
    agents, and one man emerged in 1953 as the quarterback of the     AEC's damage-control effort.  His name was Gordon Dunning.
    Although the personnel charts of the 1950s list him as a low-level     "rad-safe" official in the Division of Biology and
Medicine,               documents demonstrate that he was clothed with authority to        manage and suppress information about the radiation released
    by the testing of nuclear weapons. ...
  About the time Sellers and Sandia Ombudsman gave me a directed
  transfer to break electronic locks for the FBI/ERF [engineering
  research facility], Goldsmith and Wright, certainly with the approval
  of Sellers, placed a contract with RSA Inc [   I was told.
  Ms Barfield, we think the American public needs to know more about
  RSA's work with Sandia National Laboratories.
  Therefore, Under the provision of the Freedom of Information Act,   5 USC 552, I am requesting access to:     1 ALL purchase requisitions, including any attached statement of
       work, issued by Sandia National Laboratories, Los Alamos            National Laboratories, or DOE/ALOO between January 1, 1991
       and February 17, 1998 to RSA Inc.
    2  Copies of all invoices from RSA Inc received by Sandia National           Laboratories, Los Alamos National Laboratories, or DOE/ALOO         between January 1, 1991  and February 17, 1998
  If there are any fees for searching for, or copying, the records   I have requested, please inform me before you fill the request.
  As you know, the Act permits you to reduce or waive the fees   when the release of the information is considered as "primarily   benefiting the public."  I believe that this requests fits that   category and I therefore ask that you waive any fees.
  Your office agreed to waive fees before.  This request is surely   of "public interest."
  December 13, 1994 DOE/AL FOIA officer Gwen Schreiner waived fees
  for the reason,
        "We have considered your request and have determined that
        release of the requested records is in the public interest,
        that disclosure of this information is likely to contribute
        significantly to public understanding of the operations or
        activities of the government, that you or the organization
        you represent have little or no commercial interest in the
        material contained in the records, that you or the
        organization you represent have the qualifications and
        ability to use and disseminate the information, and that the
        records are not currently in the public domain.  A waiver of
        fees is therefore granted."
  This waiver of fees was, undoubtedly, issued as a result of former
  Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary's Openness initiative.
  Heart of America paid my way to hear Secretary O'Leary's celebrated
  whistleblower speech.
  If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the   specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to   release the information and inform me of your agency's   administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
  I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as   possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20   working days, as the law stipulates.
I received no response to the above FOIA. Therefore I appeal as a result of non-response.
As you may be aware
      (6)(A) Each agency, upon any request for records made under         paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of this subsection, shall--
            (i) determine within ten days \1\ (excepting
        Saturdays, Sundays, and legal public holidays) after
        the receipt of any such request whether to comply with
        such request and shall immediately notify the person
        making such request of such determination and the
        reasons therefor, and of the right of such person to
        appeal to the head of the agency any adverse
        determination; and
And you may also be aware

@_date: 1998-03-12 07:58:29
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: distribution 
Thursday 3/12/98 7:34 AM
Certified - Return Receipt Requested
Cynthia McKinney
124 Cannon Building
Washington, DC 20515
Office: (202)225-1605
Fax: (202)226-0691
Dear Representative McKinney:
PURPOSE of this letter is to ask your help for us to obtain copes of docket sheets from the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals for cases No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia.
All of our legal efforts to obtain these documents, which any citizen
has a right to, have failed.
REASON you are selected to help is that you appear to be knowledgeable
about operation of the current US federal government and willing to
speak out in an attempt to solve problems.
You appeared Friday February 27, 1998 on  PBS, The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer, along with senators Campbell, Hollings, Lott, Shelby Robb and representatives Dana Rohrabacher and Harold Rogers.
These senators and congressmen appeared not to support your views
they are either mis- or not well-informed about US involvement in
support of Saddam Hussein.
Stories supporting your view appear on Internet at
  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict by J. Orlin Grabbe
   Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? by Wayne Madsen
 Madsen begins
   It may be the greatest intelligence scam of the century:
   For decades, the US has routinely intercepted and
   deciphered top secret encrypted messages of 120
   countries
But NSA , and as a result the US federal government, apparnetly got caught involved in complicity of deaths of about 500,000 Iranians.
This is the subject of a Federal lawsuit seen on Internet at
   US federal government help of Iraq during the Iraq-Iran war may possibly backfire on innocent US citizens.
The Wall Street Journal, March 10, 1998, pp. B1, B9. reports
   A Peek Inside a Giant Germ Warehouse    By Rochelle Sharpe
   Rockville, Md. -- They keep anthrax bacteria in the
   basement of a faded red-brick building here.
   It isn't far from the yellow-fever virus, the botulism
   bacteria and some of the hundreds of organisms that cause
   the common cold. In fact, there are samples of 85,000
   different fungi, viruses, cells, genes and bacteria here at
   the American Type Culture Collection, by far the largest of
   the 450 repositories of biological materials scattered
   around the globe. ...
   The ATCC legally shipped 10 vials of anthrax, botulism and
   other deadly substances to Iraqi scientists in the 1980s --
   when the U.S. and Iraq were on much friendlier terms -- all
   with the Commerce Department's approval. ...
   The US federal government apparently intended these bioweapons to be used against the people of Iran.
You demonstrated on PBS TV a quality identified by Francis Bacon
         The contemplation of things as they are,
                without error or confusion,
            without substitution or imposture,
   is in itself a nobler thing than a whole harvest of invention.
by your statement about Saddam Hussein on PBS
                ...our man and our creation...
Perhaps after reading the above materials and
   The Problem of Paradigm Shifts - Terrorism and the    Threat From Weapons of Mass Destruction in the Middle East
   Working Draft Anthony H. Cordesman, Senior Fellow and    Co-Director Middle East Studies Program October 22, 1996
  senators Campbell, Hollings, Lott, Shelby, Robb and representatives Dana Rohrabacher and Harold Rogers MAY NOW understand why you are correct and they are mis- or not well-informed about US involvement with Saddam Hussein.
PROBLEM we face with the US court system is that court clerks and judges
have committed Title 18 felony violation of law IN WRITING in an attempt
to deny us monetary compensation due us for the cases WE WON at the Tenth Circuit on Appeal.  But judges awarded victories to the US federal government in violation of Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure.
Cases  No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia were both won pro se on appeal.
We have filed a writ of mandamus with supreme court judge Scalia in an  attempt to get the docket sheets for the two above But Scalia will not answer our certified letters.
Senator McCain wrote Payne on December 23, 1997
  I wanted to take this opportunity of than you for you letter of   December 3, 1997.   Your situation is in the jurisdiction of Senator Pete Dominici.    Therefore, I have  forwarded you letter to his attention.
  William, I hope you situation can be resolved favorably.
Lawyers and politicians Dominici and Bingaman are part of a problem not a solution.
Dominici and Bingaman have the following agenda
  University of New Mexico Bureau for Business and Economic
  Research reported on October 14, 1997:   A  The Gross State Product of New Mexico is $37.8 billion.
  B  The US Federal government sends $11.3 billion to New Mexico
      each year.
  C  For each $1 New Mexico sends to Washington, New Mexico gets       $2 back.
THEREFORE, Representative McKinney, we ask your help to get copies
of the docket sheets.
Citizens of the US are becoming more upset with the behavior of bureaucrats, the courts [lawyers], and the US federal government. Some Americans have no other way to express their dissatisfaction
with US federal government mismanagement of our country except
by violence.
Frederick Douglass either wrote or said on  August 4, 1847
          Those who profess to favor freedom,
            and yet depreciate agitation
   are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
      They want rain without thunder and lightening.
         Power concedes nothing without a demand.
            It never did, and it never will.
       Find out just what people will submit to
        and you have found out the exact amount
  of injustice and wrong which will be imposed upon them.
      These will continue until they are resisted
        with either words or blows, or with both.
          The limits of tyrants are prescribed
       by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
We chose to use the words and law to hold government employees accountable.
Please encourage Scalia to do his job. Help get us copies of the docket sheets.  And even perhaps help investigate further and settle this American tragedy.
Arthur R. Morales                William H. Payne
1023 Los  Arboles NW             13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87107            Albuquerque, NM 87111
1  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict by J. Orlin Grabbe
2  Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? by Wayne Madsen
3  Swiss Radio International Audio tape, 15 May, 18 July 1994
Ben Nighthorse Campbell
  administrator at campbell.senate.gov Ernest Hollings
  senator at hollings.senate.gov
Trent Lott
  senatorlott at lott.senate.gov
Richard Shelby
  senator at shelby.senate.gov Charles Robb
  Senator_Robb at robb.senate.gov
Jim Lehrer
  newshour at pbs.org

@_date: 1998-03-13 18:16:09
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: taocp v3 p32 
Date:         Fri, 13 Mar 1998 17:45:06 -0700
  From:         bill payne     To:         taocp at cs.stanford.edu
Hope you got a copy of the tape.
I wonder or not whether you knew that NSA ACTIVELY tried
to suppress knowledge and research on shift register
sequences.  And Forth too.
Looks like possibly a BAD SCENE ahead.
Best, allahu akbar, etc.
Title: Don Knuth's Home Page
 Donald E. Knuth
Professor Emeritus of The Art of Computer Programming
Stanford University,
welcomes you to his home page.
Frequently Asked Questions
Recent News
Computer Musings
 -->
Known Errors in My Books
Important Message to all Users of TeX
Help Wanted
Preprints of Recent Papers
Curriculum Vitï¿½
Pipe Organ
Downloadable Graphics
Downloadable Programs
Expecting a check from me?
(don't click here)
Stanford Computer Science Home Page
Thursday 3/12/98 7:34 AM
Certified - Return Receipt Requested
Cynthia McKinney
124 Cannon Building
Washington, DC 20515
Office: (202)225-1605
Fax: (202)226-0691
Dear Representative McKinney:
PURPOSE of this letter is to ask your help for us to obtain copes of docket sheets from the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals for cases No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia.
All of our legal efforts to obtain these documents, which any citizen
has a right to, have failed.
REASON you are selected to help is that you appear to be knowledgeable
about operation of the current US federal government and willing to speak out in an attempt to solve problems.
You appeared Friday February 27, 1998 on  PBS, The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer, along with senators Campbell, Hollings, Lott, Shelby Robb and representatives Dana Rohrabacher and Harold Rogers.
These senators and congressmen appeared not to support your views because
they are either mis- or not well-informed about US involvement in support of Saddam Hussein.
Stories supporting your view appear on Internet at
  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict by J. Orlin Grabbe
   Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? by Wayne Madsen
 Madsen begins
   It may be the greatest intelligence scam of the century:
   For decades, the US has routinely intercepted and
   deciphered top secret encrypted messages of 120
   countries
But NSA , and as a result the US federal government, apparnetly got caught involved in complicity of deaths of about 500,000 Iranians.
This is the subject of a Federal lawsuit seen on Internet at
   US federal government help of Iraq during the Iraq-Iran war may possibly backfire on innocent US citizens.
The Wall Street Journal, March 10, 1998, pp. B1, B9. reports
   A Peek Inside a Giant Germ Warehouse    By Rochelle Sharpe
   Rockville, Md. -- They keep anthrax bacteria in the
   basement of a faded red-brick building here.
   It isn't far from the yellow-fever virus, the botulism
   bacteria and some of the hundreds of organisms that cause
   the common cold. In fact, there are samples of 85,000
   different fungi, viruses, cells, genes and bacteria here at
   the American Type Culture Collection, by far the largest of
   the 450 repositories of biological materials scattered
   around the globe. ...
   The ATCC legally shipped 10 vials of anthrax, botulism and
   other deadly substances to Iraqi scientists in the 1980s --
   when the U.S. and Iraq were on much friendlier terms -- all
   with the Commerce Department's approval. ...
   The US federal government apparently intended these bioweapons to be used against the people of Iran.
You demonstrated on PBS TV a quality identified by Francis Bacon
         The contemplation of things as they are,
                without error or confusion,
            without substitution or imposture,
   is in itself a nobler thing than a whole harvest of invention.
by your statement about Saddam Hussein on PBS
                ...our man and our creation...
Perhaps after reading the above materials and
   The Problem of Paradigm Shifts - Terrorism and the    Threat From Weapons of Mass Destruction in the Middle East
   Working Draft Anthony H. Cordesman, Senior Fellow and    Co-Director Middle East Studies Program October 22, 1996
  senators Campbell, Hollings, Lott, Shelby, Robb and representatives Dana Rohrabacher and Harold Rogers MAY NOW understand why you are correct and they are mis- or not well-informed about US involvement with Saddam Hussein.
PROBLEM we face with the US court system is that court clerks and judges
have committed Title 18 felony violation of law IN WRITING in an attempt
to deny us monetary compensation due us for the cases WE WON at the Tenth Circuit on Appeal.  But judges awarded victories to the US federal government in violation of Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure.
Cases  No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia were both won pro se on appeal.
We have filed a writ of mandamus with supreme court judge Scalia in an  attempt to get the docket sheets for the two above But Scalia will not answer our certified letters.
Senator McCain wrote Payne on December 23, 1997
  I wanted to take this opportunity of than you for you letter of   December 3, 1997.   Your situation is in the jurisdiction of Senator Pete Dominici.    Therefore, I have  forwarded you letter to his attention.
  William, I hope you situation can be resolved favorably.
Lawyers and politicians Dominici and Bingaman are part of a problem not a solution.
Dominici and Bingaman have the following agenda
  University of New Mexico Bureau for Business and Economic
  Research reported on October 14, 1997:   A  The Gross State Product of New Mexico is $37.8 billion.
  B  The US Federal government sends $11.3 billion to New Mexico
      each year.
  C  For each $1 New Mexico sends to Washington, New Mexico gets       $2 back.
THEREFORE, Representative McKinney, we ask your help to get copies
of the docket sheets.
Citizens of the US are becoming more upset with the behavior of bureaucrats, the courts [lawyers], and the US federal government. Some Americans have no other way to express their dissatisfaction
with US federal government mismanagement of our country except
by violence.
Frederick Douglass either wrote or said on  August 4, 1847
          Those who profess to favor freedom,
            and yet depreciate agitation
   are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
      They want rain without thunder and lightening.
         Power concedes nothing without a demand.
            It never did, and it never will.
       Find out just what people will submit to
        and you have found out the exact amount
  of injustice and wrong which will be imposed upon them.
      These will continue until they are resisted
        with either words or blows, or with both.
          The limits of tyrants are prescribed
       by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
We chose to use the words and law to hold government employees accountable.
Please encourage Scalia to do his job. Help get us copies of the docket sheets.  And even perhaps help investigate further and settle this American tragedy.
Arthur R. Morales                William H. Payne
1023 Los  Arboles NW             13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87107            Albuquerque, NM 87111
1  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict by J. Orlin Grabbe
2  Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? by Wayne Madsen
3  Swiss Radio International Audio tape, 15 May, 18 July 1994
Ben Nighthorse Campbell
  administrator at campbell.senate.gov Ernest Hollings
  senator at hollings.senate.gov
Trent Lott
  senatorlott at lott.senate.gov
Richard Shelby
  senator at shelby.senate.gov Charles Robb
  Senator_Robb at robb.senate.gov
Jim Lehrer
  newshour at pbs.org
Title: Space Related Applications of Forth
Space-Related Applications of Forth
Compiled by James Rash NASA Goddard Space Flight
Center Greenbelt, Maryland Introduction. The following table presents space-related applications
of Forth microprocessors and the Forth programming language, including
spacecraft flight system controllers on-board payload experiment controllers ground support systems (e.g., communications controllers
and data processing systems) hardware or software used to build or test either flight
or ground systems. Developers are requested to supply table updates and
corrections, as well as information regarding relevant projects not
already included, as appropriate. Please send information, comments, and
suggestions to the author of this web page. Authorization for release of
the information is the responsibility of the contributor. Please notify the author concerning any non functional
URLs, links, or contact information in the table. Further information on Forth, including the ANSI standard
(ANS Forth): Forth Interest
Group Maryland Forth Interest Group:  -->
Notice: Nothing appearing in these pages is to be
construed as an endorsement by NASA. The information may be changed or
withdrawn at any time without notice. The author has obtained the information
from sources believed to be reliable, and has attempted to ensure accuracy,
but makes no guarantees or representations of any kind. Copying, using,
and distributing the table is authorized, provided it is kept intact, properly
attributed, and accompanied by this Notice. FURTHER INFORMATION
(note: remove blanks from email addresses given below)
Ball Aerospace (click on "Aerospace"
Advanced Composition Explorer (ACE)
Star Scanner instrument & control software, using Harris RTX 2000
Forth microprocessor
Ball Aerospace Advanced X-Ray Astronomical Facility (AXAF)
Software to control the Science Instrument selection and focus mechanisms,
using Harris RTX 2010 Forth microprocessor
Ball Aerospace Advanced X-Ray Astronomical Facility (AXAF)
Software to operate precision CCD Aspect Camera, using Harris RTX 2010
Forth microprocessor
Ball Aerospace Earth Observing System (EOS)
Scanning mirror controller for the Thermal Imaging Radiometer (TIR),
using Harris RTX 2010 Forth microprocessor Ball Aerospace Midcourse Sensor Experiment (MSX) - SDIO
Star Tracker instrument & control software, using Harris RTX 2000
Forth microprocessor Ball Aerospace Military aircraft
Star Tracker instrument & control software, using Harris RTX 2000
Forth microprocessor Ball Aerospace Miniature Seeker Technology Integration (MSTI)
Star Tracker instrument & control software, using Harris RTX 2000
Forth microprocessor Ball Aerospace Near Earth Asteroid Rendezvous (NEAR)
Star Tracker instrument & control software, using Harris RTX 2000
Forth microprocessor Ball Aerospace Star Tracker instrument & control software, using Harris RTX 2000
Forth microprocessor Ball Aerospace Submillimeter Wave Astronomy Satellite (SWAS)
Star Tracker instrument & control software, using Harris RTX 2000
Forth microprocessor Ball Aerospace X-ray Timing Explorer (XTE)
Star Tracker instrument & control software, using Harris RTX 2000
Forth microprocessor California Institute of Technology (Caltech)
Advance Composition Explorer (ACE)
Cosmic Ray Isotope Spectrometer (CRIS) instrument controller hardware
(RTX2010) and software in Forth
Walter Cook at wrc@ thor.srl.caltech.edu
California Institute of Technology (Caltech)
Advance Composition Explorer (ACE)
Solar IsotopeSpectrometer (SIS) instrument controller hardware (RTX2010)
and software in Forth
Walter Cook at wrc@ thor.srl.caltech.edu
Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics
Laboratory (JHU/APL) USAF DMSP
Magnetometer instrument control
USAF DMSP
Special Sensor Ultraviolet Spectrographic Imager (SSUSI), 5 missions
over 15 years using Harris RTX 2010 Forth microprocessor Advanced Composition Explorer (ACE) satellite
ULEIS (Ultra Low Energy Isotope Spectrometer), using embedded Harris
RTX 2010 Forth microprocessor Magnetospheric Imager (MIMI) using Harris RTX 2010 Forth microprocessor
Magnetometer instrument control Hopkins Ultraviolet Telescope (HUT)
Instrument control, on-line data analysis, telemetry Attitude Control Processor "Polar Bear" (Polar Beacon & Auroral Research Satellite)
Magnetometer instrument control US Navy LONARS High precision navigation receiver using Loran-C
Real time data processing & sensor control software Near Earth Asteroid Rendezvous (NEAR)
Command & Telemetry Processor, Multi-Spectral Imaging System, Infrared Spectrograph and Magnetometer, X-ray/Gamma-ray Spectrometer, and Laser Rangefinder, all using the Harris RTX 2010RH Forth microprocessor
Los Alamos National Laboratory
Advanced Composition Explorer (ACE) satellite
Solar wind data processing unit, using Harris RTX 2010 Forth microprocessor
McDonnell Douglas
Shuttle - Electrophoresis Operations in Space (1986)
Pharmaceutical purification process control software Robert Wood at rwood@ mdc.com
McGill University
International Microgravity Laboratory (IML-1)
(Shuttle mission STS-42) Space Adaptation Syndrom Experiment management and data acquisition
for four out of seven life science experiments Luc Lefebvre at lefebvre@ medcor.mcgill.ca
Compatibility Test Van (CTV)
Dual channel PCM simulator system software Compatibility Test Van (CTV): Landsat, HST, GRO, COBE, UARS, etc.,
Wallops, Data Evaluation Lab
Programmable Data Formatter III system software MASSACQ Flight Instrument Test/Calibration System Marine Optical Buoy (MOBY)
Command and data acquisition system written in Forth
Mark Yarbrough at yarbrough@ mlml.calstate.edu
Massively Parallel Processor (MPP)
Image processing software
NCC Mission Operations Support Area (MOSA)
ITR (Intelligent Transmitter/Receiver) -- Interface board for MOSA
(formerly Mini-NOCC) Front End
Thomas Sardella at Thomas.E.Sardella.1@ gsfc.nasa.gov
Shuttle Solar Backscatter Ultra Violet (SSBUV)
ozone calibration instrument with 8 successful Shuttle bay flights
Small Payload Accommodation Module (SPAM) interface controller software
written in Forth
Bob Caffrey at Robert.T.Caffrey.1@ gsfc.nasa.gov
Shuttle Solar Backscatter Ultra Violet (SSBUV)
Instrument Interface Electronics Module (IIEM) software written in
John T. (Tom) Riley at john.t.riley.1@ gsfc.nasa.gov
Shuttle Ozone Limb Sounder Experiment (SOLSE)
A "Hitchhiker Junior", to fly summer '97 -- instrument controller
written in Forth
Limb Ozone Retrieval Experiment (LORE)
A small independent instrument within SOLSE -- instrument controller
written in Forth
Ultraviolet Imaging Telescope (UIT) on Space Shuttle Astro-2 mission
Dedicated Experiment Processor (DEP) written in Forth
Peter Chen at chen@ uit.gsfc.nasa.gov
Small Spacecraft Technology Initiative (SSTI)
(Lewis Research Center/TRW)
Goddard Electronics Module (GEM) data acquisition processor using Harris
Jay T. Miller at jay.t.miller.1@ gsfc.nasa.gov
ACE (JHU/APL)
Spacecraft Loads & Acoustic Monitor (SLAM) simultaneous data acquisition
and downlink subsystem using Harris RTX-2010
Wideband Transport Frame Formatter (WTFF)
Virtual channel processor & system controller for the Advanced
Orbiting Systems (AOS) Testbed using Harris RTX 2000 Forth microprocessor
Jose Bentancort at Jose@ tsi-telsys.com
Shuttle, IML-1
Krug Life Sciences Microgravity Vestibular Investigations Shuttle Imaging Radar (SIR-B)
Command & control software Portion of Ground Support Equipment software Orbital Sciences Corporation
ORBCOMM Experimental Package OXP-1 on Pegasus
Flight & experiment software Orbital Sciences Corporation
ORBCOMM Experimental Package OXP-1 on Pegasus
Flight & experiment software Orbital Sciences Corporation (formerly Fairchild Space & Defense)
USAF Multimission Modular Spacecraft (MMS)
Multiplex Data Bus Monitor/Recorder test equipment using Harris RTX2000
microprocessor and firmware written in Forth
Mark A. Mowen at markmowen@ fsd.com
Orbital Sciences Corporation
Telemetry, flight control support Orbital Sciences Corporation
USAF APEX
Data management and power control software Orbital Sciences Corporation
Sea WiFs data management and power control software Orbital Sciences Corporation/Hercules
Telemetry & flight control Radio Amateur Satellite Corp. (AMSAT-DL (Germany))
AMSAT OSCAR 10, OSCAR 13,
OSCAR 21, and (in development) Phase 3-D amateur radio satellites Integrated Housekeeping Unit (including navigation, attitude control,
telemetry and telecommand tracking, payload control, power management,
health & safety, and propulsion control) and Ground Support Equipment,
all using the Forth-like language IPS (Interpreter for Process Structures).
OSCAR 21 used the Harris RTX2000 microprocessor. Swedish Space Corp./JHU/APL
Freja Magnetometer experiment control Lawrence Zanetti at zanetti@ jhuapl.edu
University of California
Magnetic Field Experiment instrument control
University of Wisconsin
Wisconsin Ultraviolet Photo-Polarimeter Experiment (WUPPE)
Instrument control US Navy
Portion of ground support equipment software USSR Baikonur Cosmodrome Telemetry data analysis & retrieval workstations Vertex Communications Corporation
Satellite earthstation antenna systems
7210 Monopulse Antenna Control System on Motorola 68030 platform
sales@ vcsd.com
Last revised: 4 March 1998
Responsible management official
Sylvia Sheppard
Author James Rash at james.rash@ gsfc.nasa.gov
For reference purposes, this page is located at URL:

@_date: 1998-03-16 19:17:57
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: alluhu alkbar, sadness, and friendliness 
Monday 3/16/98 8:03 PM
A second postcard went to you Saturday 2/14.
Curiosity prompts me to ask if it or the previous
made it to shiraz.
Thursday 3/12/98 7:34 AM
Certified - Return Receipt Requested
Cynthia McKinney
124 Cannon Building
Washington, DC 20515
Office: (202)225-1605
Fax: (202)226-0691
Dear Representative McKinney:
PURPOSE of this letter is to ask your help for us to obtain copes of docket sheets from the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals for cases No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia.
All of our legal efforts to obtain these documents, which any citizen
has a right to, have failed.
REASON you are selected to help is that you appear to be knowledgeable
about operation of the current US federal government and willing to speak out in an attempt to solve problems.
You appeared Friday February 27, 1998 on  PBS, The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer, along with senators Campbell, Hollings, Lott, Shelby Robb and representatives Dana Rohrabacher and Harold Rogers.
These senators and congressmen appeared not to support your views because
they are either mis- or not well-informed about US involvement in support of Saddam Hussein.
Stories supporting your view appear on Internet at
  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict by J. Orlin Grabbe
   Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? by Wayne Madsen
 Madsen begins
   It may be the greatest intelligence scam of the century:
   For decades, the US has routinely intercepted and
   deciphered top secret encrypted messages of 120
   countries
But NSA , and as a result the US federal government, apparnetly got caught involved in complicity of deaths of about 500,000 Iranians.
This is the subject of a Federal lawsuit seen on Internet at
   US federal government help of Iraq during the Iraq-Iran war may possibly backfire on innocent US citizens.
The Wall Street Journal, March 10, 1998, pp. B1, B9. reports
   A Peek Inside a Giant Germ Warehouse    By Rochelle Sharpe
   Rockville, Md. -- They keep anthrax bacteria in the
   basement of a faded red-brick building here.
   It isn't far from the yellow-fever virus, the botulism
   bacteria and some of the hundreds of organisms that cause
   the common cold. In fact, there are samples of 85,000
   different fungi, viruses, cells, genes and bacteria here at
   the American Type Culture Collection, by far the largest of
   the 450 repositories of biological materials scattered
   around the globe. ...
   The ATCC legally shipped 10 vials of anthrax, botulism and
   other deadly substances to Iraqi scientists in the 1980s --
   when the U.S. and Iraq were on much friendlier terms -- all
   with the Commerce Department's approval. ...
   The US federal government apparently intended these bioweapons to be used against the people of Iran.
You demonstrated on PBS TV a quality identified by Francis Bacon
         The contemplation of things as they are,
                without error or confusion,
            without substitution or imposture,
   is in itself a nobler thing than a whole harvest of invention.
by your statement about Saddam Hussein on PBS
                ...our man and our creation...
Perhaps after reading the above materials and
   The Problem of Paradigm Shifts - Terrorism and the    Threat From Weapons of Mass Destruction in the Middle East
   Working Draft Anthony H. Cordesman, Senior Fellow and    Co-Director Middle East Studies Program October 22, 1996
  senators Campbell, Hollings, Lott, Shelby, Robb and representatives Dana Rohrabacher and Harold Rogers MAY NOW understand why you are correct and they are mis- or not well-informed about US involvement with Saddam Hussein.
PROBLEM we face with the US court system is that court clerks and judges
have committed Title 18 felony violation of law IN WRITING in an attempt
to deny us monetary compensation due us for the cases WE WON at the Tenth Circuit on Appeal.  But judges awarded victories to the US federal government in violation of Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure.
Cases  No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia were both won pro se on appeal.
We have filed a writ of mandamus with supreme court judge Scalia in an  attempt to get the docket sheets for the two above But Scalia will not answer our certified letters.
Senator McCain wrote Payne on December 23, 1997
  I wanted to take this opportunity of than you for you letter of   December 3, 1997.   Your situation is in the jurisdiction of Senator Pete Dominici.    Therefore, I have  forwarded you letter to his attention.
  William, I hope you situation can be resolved favorably.
Lawyers and politicians Dominici and Bingaman are part of a problem not a solution.
Dominici and Bingaman have the following agenda
  University of New Mexico Bureau for Business and Economic
  Research reported on October 14, 1997:   A  The Gross State Product of New Mexico is $37.8 billion.
  B  The US Federal government sends $11.3 billion to New Mexico
      each year.
  C  For each $1 New Mexico sends to Washington, New Mexico gets       $2 back.
THEREFORE, Representative McKinney, we ask your help to get copies
of the docket sheets.
Citizens of the US are becoming more upset with the behavior of bureaucrats, the courts [lawyers], and the US federal government. Some Americans have no other way to express their dissatisfaction
with US federal government mismanagement of our country except
by violence.
Frederick Douglass either wrote or said on  August 4, 1847
          Those who profess to favor freedom,
            and yet depreciate agitation
   are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
      They want rain without thunder and lightening.
         Power concedes nothing without a demand.
            It never did, and it never will.
       Find out just what people will submit to
        and you have found out the exact amount
  of injustice and wrong which will be imposed upon them.
      These will continue until they are resisted
        with either words or blows, or with both.
          The limits of tyrants are prescribed
       by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
We chose to use the words and law to hold government employees accountable.
Please encourage Scalia to do his job. Help get us copies of the docket sheets.  And even perhaps help investigate further and settle this American tragedy.
Arthur R. Morales                William H. Payne
1023 Los  Arboles NW             13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87107            Albuquerque, NM 87111
1  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict by J. Orlin Grabbe
2  Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? by Wayne Madsen
3  Swiss Radio International Audio tape, 15 May, 18 July 1994
Ben Nighthorse Campbell
  administrator at campbell.senate.gov Ernest Hollings
  senator at hollings.senate.gov
Trent Lott
  senatorlott at lott.senate.gov
Richard Shelby
  senator at shelby.senate.gov Charles Robb
  Senator_Robb at robb.senate.gov
Jim Lehrer
  newshour at pbs.org

@_date: 1998-03-17 06:31:12
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: BIOS, FBI/ERF, Barbara Boxer, 
Tuesday 3/17/98 6:29 AM
Charles Christopher, FBI/NY John Gilmore
Christopher, I received a phone call Monday morning.
The caller asked me to modify my resume to reflect my experience with PC BIOS.
I added the following lines.
  Attended Annabooks University week-long course on ROMing
  BIOS in 1992.
  Sixteen years experience interfacing high-level languages to BIOS.
  Reverse engineering BIOS and DOS for Sandia Labs weapons controller.
  Custom BIOS modifications experience for electronic locks for the
  FBI/Engineering Research Facility using Pentium processors.
The FBI paid my course tuition for the Annabooks course.
  I learned several months after Sandia manager Tommy Sellers, who was
entering the crypto business, and ombudsman Harvey Brewster gave me a directed transfer to break electronic locks for the FBI that the FBI DOES NOT GET COURT ORDERS to do normally illegal work.
The FBI my FBI/ERF supervisors, Mike Uttaro, and his boss Mike McDevitt told me that they believe that the above work is CLASSIFIED SECRET. I think that we should get this matter settled before it GETS WORSE.
Gilmore, I saw at BOXER CONTINUES EFFORTS TO OPPOSE U.S. EXPORT LIMITS ON COMPUTER
ENCRYPTION   March 4, 1998   WASHINGTON, D.C. -- U.S. Senator Barbara Boxer (D-CA) joined Americans
for   Computer Privacy and a delegation of bipartisan lawmakers at a news   conference today to oppose U.S. export limits on encryption
technology.   The following is Senator Boxerï¿½s statement.   ï¿½Since the high-tech revolution, Americans have learned that privacy   protection is of the utmost importance. Encryption technology is a key   component in protecting our privacy - it is the lock on the door that   guarantees not only our privacy, but often our safety as well.
Boxer also is known for the following quote
            Weird History 101 John Richard Stephens
Sandian Ron Pate and I were seated in a SF airport satellite area during that earthquake.
Pate and I worked on electronic tagging for the CTBT.  This used public
key crypto.  I used the Cylink CY1024 for that project.
Electronic locks are mostly connected to Pcs.
The PC keeps both a printed record and disk log entrys.
Electronic lock programmers do not and cannot rewrite an operating
Therefore, the simplest way to defeat an electronic lock is to modify
BIOS.  Intercept the electronic lock programmer call to BIOS, look for a known
open the door, and suppress the writes to printer and disk.
Not too tough to do.  But I was told to modify MANY SYSTEMS which I could NOT DO.  Hirsch, CardKey, Sensor engineering, ....  I was being set up to fail.
Looks like your legal stuff is paying off in political support.
Letï¿½s hope we get this crypto mess settled so that we can all move on to more constructive projects.

@_date: 1998-03-19 06:05:57
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: US court system 
When Sandia assigned me to break locks for the FBI/Engineering Research
Facility, project leader Peter Hamilton told me that if we got caught
there were judges who would help us.
I was not sure that I believe Hamilton then.  I do now.
Morales and I signed and mailed the petition for writ of prohibition
on the 18th

@_date: 1998-03-19 18:12:41
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Wayne Madsen 
Thursday 3/19/98 6:58 PM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
John Gilmore
Here are my notes
  Thursday December 29, 1994 16:45 File MAD1.TXT   Memorandum of Record
  At 16:30 I received a call from a
  Wayne told me he had a contract to update the Puzzle Palace
  first written by James Bamford.  The contract is with Penguin-
  Viking.  We talked close to 45 minutes.
  Wayne told he saw my name in Wirbel's EE Times articles.
  I gave Madsen some information about my case and where documents   can be obtained in the WDC area.
  Madsen told me two disturbing items:
  1	NSA has been inviting White House staff to NSA.   NSA   2	NSA recently invited Tom Clancy to NSA.  Clancy's next novel
  Madsen also told me that a CRYPTO-AG salesman also got arrested by the
  Iranians for selling them crypto devices which also sent out the key!
  NSA work: called Red Threads or Hidden Threads.
  But let us be a little suspicious.  NSA is fairly good at dirty
  tricks.
  1	Anyone know Madsen?
  2	Is Madsen for real?
  If Madsen is for real, then let us help him with his book.
Madsen recently wrote
  A former spook did a drive-by of         3911 Fairfax Square
shortly after the phone call from Madsen
The former spook phoned me  again on 07:29 3/16/1998.
The spook did a technical evaluation of the above address.
How may tricycles, cars, shades pulled-down to see if the address was possibly a home address.
The spook concluded that the above address may be a Letï¿½s all, of course, hope for settlement.

@_date: 1998-03-24 07:31:32
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: McKinney fax 
Tuesday 3/24/98 7:14 AM
Cynthia McKinney
124 Cannon Building
Washington, DC 20515
Office: (202)225-1605
Fax: (202)226-0691
Dear Representative McKinney:
PURPOSE of this fax is to verify whether or not you received
our attached certified [Z 216 838 966] return receipt letter dated Thursday 3/12/98 7:34 AM with enclosures
REASON is that the green Domestic Return Receipt card was
returned to the Albuquerque Ed Dorado postal substation on
Friday March 20 with no signatures or date of delivery.
Postal employee Steve filled out a yellow tracer for item Z 216
838 966 and posted it.
A federal employee in Washington DC following this  matter
on Internet at      phoned on March 16 to advise that the US federal government
strategy is to provoke a citizen in the hope the citizen will do
something illegal.
Then the government will prosecute that citizen.
The attached petition for writ of prohibition dated Thursday 3/18/98 addressed to Antonin Scalia illustrates a desperate
attempt to entrap us.
NM district judge Don Svet attempted to limit discovery in our
lawsuit seen at jya.com.  Svet's ORDER violates the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
Svet attempts to sanction us for violating his illegal ORDER.
Bureaucrats, court clerks, and judges not who do not respond to lawfully submitted requests create the impression that there is no administrative or legal remedy left for a citizen in the US.
Government lawyers frequently, if not most often, initiate a conflict with the citizen.
The citizen is led to believe that he or she must employ a lawyer to have any hope to prevail with legal or administrative remedy.
We believe that bureaucrats, court clerks and judges should follow the laws of the United States of America and properly perform their jobs.
We ask your and other congress members' help to make
bureaucrats, court clerks and judges do their jobs properly.
First by getting copies of Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals docket sheets No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia to us.
Arthur R. Morales                William H. Payne
1023 Los  Arboles NW             13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87107            Albuquerque, NM 87111
Ben Nighthorse Campbell
  administrator at campbell.senate.gov Ernest Hollings
  senator at hollings.senate.gov
Trent Lott
  senatorlott at lott.senate.gov
Richard Shelby
  senator at shelby.senate.gov Charles Robb
  Senator_Robb at robb.senate.gov
Jim Lehrer
  newshour at pbs.org
Thursday 3/12/98 7:34 AM
Certified - Return Receipt Requested
Cynthia McKinney
124 Cannon Building
Washington, DC 20515
Office: (202)225-1605
Fax: (202)226-0691
Dear Representative McKinney:
PURPOSE of this letter is to ask your help for us to obtain copes of docket sheets from the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals for cases No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia.
All of our legal efforts to obtain these documents, which any citizen
has a right to, have failed.
REASON you are selected to help is that you appear to be knowledgeable
about operation of the current US federal government and willing to speak out in an attempt to solve problems.
You appeared Friday February 27, 1998 on  PBS, The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer, along with senators Campbell, Hollings, Lott, Shelby Robb and representatives Dana Rohrabacher and Harold Rogers.
These senators and congressmen appeared not to support your views because
they are either mis- or not well-informed about US involvement in support of Saddam Hussein.
Stories supporting your view appear on Internet at
  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict by J. Orlin Grabbe
   Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? by Wayne Madsen
 Madsen begins
   It may be the greatest intelligence scam of the century:
   For decades, the US has routinely intercepted and
   deciphered top secret encrypted messages of 120
   countries
But NSA , and as a result the US federal government, apparnetly got caught involved in complicity of deaths of about 500,000 Iranians.
This is the subject of a Federal lawsuit seen on Internet at
   US federal government help of Iraq during the Iraq-Iran war may possibly backfire on innocent US citizens.
The Wall Street Journal, March 10, 1998, pp. B1, B9. reports
   A Peek Inside a Giant Germ Warehouse    By Rochelle Sharpe
   Rockville, Md. -- They keep anthrax bacteria in the
   basement of a faded red-brick building here.
   It isn't far from the yellow-fever virus, the botulism
   bacteria and some of the hundreds of organisms that cause
   the common cold. In fact, there are samples of 85,000
   different fungi, viruses, cells, genes and bacteria here at
   the American Type Culture Collection, by far the largest of
   the 450 repositories of biological materials scattered
   around the globe. ...
   The ATCC legally shipped 10 vials of anthrax, botulism and
   other deadly substances to Iraqi scientists in the 1980s --
   when the U.S. and Iraq were on much friendlier terms -- all
   with the Commerce Department's approval. ...
   The US federal government apparently intended these bioweapons to be used against the people of Iran.
You demonstrated on PBS TV a quality identified by Francis Bacon
         The contemplation of things as they are,
                without error or confusion,
            without substitution or imposture,
   is in itself a nobler thing than a whole harvest of invention.
by your statement about Saddam Hussein on PBS
                ...our man and our creation...
Perhaps after reading the above materials and
   The Problem of Paradigm Shifts - Terrorism and the    Threat From Weapons of Mass Destruction in the Middle East
   Working Draft Anthony H. Cordesman, Senior Fellow and    Co-Director Middle East Studies Program October 22, 1996
  senators Campbell, Hollings, Lott, Shelby, Robb and representatives Dana Rohrabacher and Harold Rogers MAY NOW understand why you are correct and they are mis- or not well-informed about US involvement with Saddam Hussein.
PROBLEM we face with the US court system is that court clerks and judges
have committed Title 18 felony violation of law IN WRITING in an attempt
to deny us monetary compensation due us for the cases WE WON at the Tenth Circuit on Appeal.  But judges awarded victories to the US federal government in violation of Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure.
Cases  No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia were both won pro se on appeal.
We have filed a writ of mandamus with supreme court judge Scalia in an  attempt to get the docket sheets for the two above But Scalia will not answer our certified letters.
Senator McCain wrote Payne on December 23, 1997
  I wanted to take this opportunity of than you for you letter of   December 3, 1997.   Your situation is in the jurisdiction of Senator Pete Dominici.    Therefore, I have  forwarded you letter to his attention.
  William, I hope you situation can be resolved favorably.
Lawyers and politicians Dominici and Bingaman are part of a problem not a solution.
Dominici and Bingaman have the following agenda
  University of New Mexico Bureau for Business and Economic
  Research reported on October 14, 1997:   A  The Gross State Product of New Mexico is $37.8 billion.
  B  The US Federal government sends $11.3 billion to New Mexico
      each year.
  C  For each $1 New Mexico sends to Washington, New Mexico gets       $2 back.
THEREFORE, Representative McKinney, we ask your help to get copies
of the docket sheets.
Citizens of the US are becoming more upset with the behavior of bureaucrats, the courts [lawyers], and the US federal government. Some Americans have no other way to express their dissatisfaction
with US federal government mismanagement of our country except
by violence.
Frederick Douglass either wrote or said on  August 4, 1847
          Those who profess to favor freedom,
            and yet depreciate agitation
   are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
      They want rain without thunder and lightening.
         Power concedes nothing without a demand.
            It never did, and it never will.
       Find out just what people will submit to
        and you have found out the exact amount
  of injustice and wrong which will be imposed upon them.
      These will continue until they are resisted
        with either words or blows, or with both.
          The limits of tyrants are prescribed
       by the endurance of those whom they oppress.
We chose to use the words and law to hold government employees accountable.
Please encourage Scalia to do his job. Help get us copies of the docket sheets.  And even perhaps help investigate further and settle this American tragedy.
Arthur R. Morales                William H. Payne
1023 Los  Arboles NW             13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87107            Albuquerque, NM 87111
1  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict by J. Orlin Grabbe
2  Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? by Wayne Madsen
3  Swiss Radio International Audio tape, 15 May, 18 July 1994
Ben Nighthorse Campbell
  administrator at campbell.senate.gov Ernest Hollings
  senator at hollings.senate.gov
Trent Lott
  senatorlott at lott.senate.gov
Richard Shelby
  senator at shelby.senate.gov Charles Robb
  Senator_Robb at robb.senate.gov
Jim Lehrer
  newshour at pbs.org

@_date: 1998-03-29 18:38:15
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: spread spectrum  radio communications 
Sunday 3/29/98 6:59 PM
John Gilmore
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
Waiting for Patty to check out at the Albertsonï¿½s today
I looked at Scientific American, April 1998.
Scientific American has GREAT ARTICLE on spread
spectrum radio communications.
Hopefully messages about NSA crypto algorithms we
tried to bring out in my SAND report are
  1 shift register based
  2 parallel in nature
The stuff Grabbe wrote at     is great.
But THIS IS NOT WHAT NSA USES FOR THE REAL
In fact, when NSA/Sandia tried to use the chips described
in   [5] Whitfield Diffie, "The First Ten Years of Public Key          Cryptography," Proceedings of the IEEE, 76(5), May 1988.
they met with a financial disaster.  $300k to recalled EACH nuke
to remove the chips, I was told by Jerry Allen.
  Real world engineering considerations requires simplicity.
Reliability in the field.
NSAï¿½s Brian Snow told us the problems of fielded algorithms
Now that   NSA's Trojan Whore?
is published at   perhaps few will trust putting their confidential information into chips or machines manfactured by others.
Cylink is BIG into spread spectrum communications.
And, John Gilmore, I think you are right about there being some
real business opportunities in this area.
Madsen's article may cause others to leave this business.

@_date: 1998-03-30 14:34:31
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: pals 
Monday 3/30/98 3:21 PM
John Young
The information contained in
appears from my knowledge accurate.
One must consider possible malfunction when
  With the CAT B, it is also possible to check the code, relock the
  weapon, or rekey it.  limited-try feature disables the bomb if too many incorrect keys are
 entered. Most references omit the CAT C. It may just be a later model   of the CAT B. The new keys loaded were occasionally not the ones intended to be
loaded.  Back to Pantex for disassembly was the fix.
The bubble memory of the T1563 was one of the problems
in rekeying reliability,  I was told..
Bugs in the about 112,000 lines of rca 1802 assembler code was also a Kent Parsons asked me to look at the code and make a recommendation
about what to do.

@_date: 1998-03-30 17:56:28
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: foiling any lock 
Monday 3/30/98 6:34 PM
wolit & smb
Your statement at
  There are two basic means of foiling any lock, from an automobile     ignition switch to a PAL: the first is to pick it, and the second is     to bypass it.
perhaps contains SEVERAL PRACTICAL oversights.
ONE is spike it!
And, of course, Pantex can always get in. Then there are OTHER ways of getting the key
  Two terrorist agents of the clerical regime, both high-ranking
officials in Tehran's     Evin Prison who have been directly involved in
the torture and execution of numerous     political prisoners in recent
years, are currently in Austria on a secret assignment as   special
guests of the Iranian embassy in Vienna. One of the two is Ruhollah,
  the notorious interrogator in Evin Prison's Branch 6. I read
  It is reasonably probable that public key cryptography is not used     directly. No known public key cryptosystem uses keys as short as 6 or
12 digits. I was told that public key was.
Here is the name and e-mail address of the fellow who told me
pubic key was used in the nuclear weapons ... and was being removed.
KULJU,RONALD J.           (505)845-8860  RJKULJU   (505)844-9478  0519 RJKULJU at sandia.gov
The supervisor of M Kent Parsons who told me it cost $300,000 each
to recall the nuke to Pantex to remove Sandia's FAILING CHIPS
ALLEN,DOUGLAS J.          (505)845-9624  DJALLEN   (505)844-7593  1201  DJALLEN at sandia.gov
The guy, at 2300 department manager M Kent Parson's request who showed
me the about 112,000 lines of 1802 T1563 code is
DENMAN,THOMAS A.          (505)844-2819  TADENMA   (505)844-9524  0487 TADENMA at sandia.gov I frequently see Denman when Morales and I meet at Taco Bell.
Let's ALL try to get the true story OUT THERE.

@_date: 1998-03-31 08:31:07
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: T 1563 and pals 
Tuesday 3/31/98 7:39 AM
John Gilmore
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
Reading the stuff on the pals at
jogged my memory.
After we completed the Forth implementation of the Missile Secure Cryptographic Unit at least Hal Pruett,
Duane DeWerff, myself, and perhaps several others
were invited to NSA at Fort Meade in about 1985-6.
NSA employee Bill Legato assailed me for using Forth
for the implementation of the MSCU.
Legato hated Forth and relayed his hate to Sandia management.
This is one reason I was replaced as project leader by Tom Evans
who was later replaced by Eric Disch.
Possibly surprising, however, is that NSA sent Forth expert Don Simard
visit Sandia for several years.
Kent Parsons commented to me that he thought Simard was an NSA spy
sent to see what we were up to at Sandia.
Simard, along with Bill Goldrick, were the two reviewers of my SAND report now seen at EE Times, March 30, 1998 page 8
  A Java chip being to ship in quantity
  SAN FRANCISCO - Patriot Scientific Corp. surged to the head
  of the silicon pack at the JavaOne conference last week, showing   the PSC1000 RISC processor, which is shipping in quantity.
    ï¿½Weï¿½ll be selling the chip for under $10 in volume and aiming at
  deeply embedded, low-power applications such as handheld devices
  and factory-floor control systems, ï¿½ said Phil Morettini, vice
  president of Patriot (San Diego).
    Competing offering from LG Semicon and NEC Corp., each based on   Sun Microsystems Inc.ï¿½s picoJava core, are not yet available, although
  select customers are said to have samples.
    Separately, Rockwell Collins Inc. (Cedar Rapids, Iowa) said that it
  decided not to sell its Java-specific CPU on the merchant market.  The
  company unveiled the innovative processor last fall.
Here is their web site.
Charles Moore, inventor of Forth, is author of the Shboom Java native
code compiler for the PCS100.
Rockwell built a Forth-like chip many years ago.
I met Randy Dumse, who then worked for Rockwell, at a trade show.
I got a copy of the Rockwell R65F11 chip manual from Dumse.
Dumse quit Rockwell to start NewMicros seen at Click on history to see
Of course, the Harris RTX 2000 chip used by NASA is a descendant of
Charles Mooreï¿½s Novix Forth chip. Ballard, I was told by Jeff Allsup of Wood Hole, used polyForth to
discover the wrecks of the Titanic and Bismarck.
A central debate is whether a high-level language should be used for
a weapons programmer.
The implementer must be able to account for each bit.  In Forth I can.
Possibility exists that an disgruntled implementer might 'spike' a weapon so that it went off at an unintended time.  Sandia supervisor Don Schroeder was an OUTSPOKEN critic of the T 1563
nuclear bomb controller.
SCHROEDER,DONALD H.       (505)845-8409  DHSCHRO   (505)844-9478  0519
DHSCHRO at sandia.gov
The T 1563 did not work very well.  One reason is that it was written in
about 112,000 lines of assembler.
NSA was reluctant to approve use of an operating system or even a
high-level language for crypto implementation for the reasons that security could
not be
guaranteed. Sandia did not have the resources required to write its own secure
operating system
and high-level language.
This is why we used the Forth operating system and high-level language.
Schroeder division employee Mike Sharp
SHARP,MICHAEL W.          (505)845-8444  MWSHARP   (505)284-3850  1138
MWSHARP at sandia.gov
wrote a T 1563 implementation in, I think C or Pascal.
Henry Newgass modified the transient part of command.com so that on power-up a PC directly entered Sharpï¿½s program.
Jerry Allen, who also saw the merits of using an operating system
and high-level language, funded Neugass.  ALLEN,DOUGLAS J.          (505)845-9624  DJALLEN   (505)844-7593  1201  DJALLEN at sandia.gov
I wrote the purchase order.
I learned several months ago that Sandia built a PC version of the T 1563 called the T 1663, I was told, which was supplied to the Air Force.
The threaded code - compiled native code battle continues.
I am sort-of happy to be back [somewhat] doing MASM code -
along with a bit of Forth and Forth assembler on the 80c32.
I see that J Orlin Grabbe is linking
  Permissive Action Links
at I read
    Both strong links must be closed electrically -- one by specific
operator-coded input and one by      environmental input corresponding
to an appropriate flight trajectory -- in order for the weapon to be
armed. George Dullek and Jon Bryan worked together on accellerometers for
flight trajectory sensing.  Dullek and Bryan are Forth programmers.
DULLECK JR.,GEORGE R.     (505)844-2628  GRDULLE   (505)844-8480  1073
GRDULLE at sandia.gov
BRYAN,JON R.              (505)844-2015  JRBRYAN   (505)844-6161  1003 JRBRYAN at sandia.gov
Sandia had a division devoted to crystal oscillators.
The oscillators for the micro occasionally fail to start - a bad scene
if this happens when trying to arm
a nuke.
Dick Adams, also in department 2300, was in charge of oscillators. Adams never seemed to many of us
too interested in his job.
Adams took an early voluntary separation package from Sandia with a
large educational retraining
incentive.  And went to cooking school in San Francisco, Bob Wayland
told me.  The real world again.
Thanks to good research, some whistleblowing, and Internet details of
fuzing the US nuclear arsenal are being revealed.
Letï¿½s ALL hope for SETTLEMENT of this unfortunate mess before it gets
WORSE.  I want my money and I am out of this mess.

@_date: 1998-05-01 09:26:02
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: US legal system 
Friday 5/1/98 10:02 AM
Yaman Akdeniz
The US court system has largely deteriorated to become part of the US
Federal bureaucracy
[aka Big Brother ... or probably more accurate, the Great Satan
 and
1  Judges and court clerks try to do what they want whether it conflicts
with law or not.
2  Lawyers and the US court system attempt to make it appear that there
IS NO LEGAL
REMEDY POSSIBLE without hiring a lawyer.  And the client will most
likely lose both money and the case.
Morales and I [ are trying to change 1 and
Wednesday  4/1/98  11:02 AM
Certified   Return receipt requested
Proctor Hug  Jr
Chief Judge, Ninth Circuit
50 West Liberty Reno, NV 89501-1948
(702) 784-5631
784-5166 fax
Dear judge Hug:
Purposes of this letter-affidavit are to file criminal complaint affidavits against
1  judge Marilyn Hall Patel for not properly processing a  criminal  violation of the Privacy Act, 2  former Ninth Circuit chief judge J Clifford Wallace for not properly  processing criminal complaint affidavits for
    a  felony perjury violation by Sandia National Laboratories lawyer  Gregory Cone,
    b  judge Fern Smith for not properly processing a felony perjury  violation by Sandia National Laboratories          lawyer Gregory Cone.     c  Albuquerque FBI special agent in charge Thomas Kneir for sending  FBI agents Kohl and Schum to my         home in an attempt to intimidate me from exercising my civil rights.
    d  Margret D. Thomas, Judicial Assistant to the Honorable Marilyn Hall  Patel, for not forwarding a valid         criminal complaint affidavit  regarding a criminal violation of the Privacy Act to Patel.
Brief history would be valuable for your understanding of this matter.
  Sandia has long been involved with the security of America's nuclear  arsenal. As they announce on their website: "We are funded primarily by  the U.S. Department of Energy to design all the non-nuclear opponents of  the nation's nuclear weapons"    This includes the cryptographic locks used to secure the nukes.    NSA supplies the algorithms and implementation guidelines to Sandia.  In about 1982 I became project leader of the Missile Secure Cryptographic Unit [MSCU].
The MSCU was funded by the National Security Agency [NSA].
As a result of my about 4 year work with NSA, I was given access to its cryptographic algorithms by one document and many electronic schematics.
I wrote a book
            ISBN: 0125475705
            Title: Embedded Controller Forth For The 8051 Family
            Author: Payne
            Imprint: Academic Press
            Published: September 1990
about the software technology we used for the MSCU.
In 1986 I transferred to build the data authenticator for the Department of Energy's Deployable Seismic Verification System [DSVS]for the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty [CTBT].
NSA liaison for the DSVS/CTBT project offered information to me that NSA regarded former president Reagan as one of the US's foremost traitors for the reason    First, U.S. President Ronald Reagan informed the world on national television that the United States was       reading Libyan communications.  This admission was part  of a speech justifying the retaliatory bombing of   Libya for  its alleged involvement in the La Belle discotheque   bombing in Berlin's Schoeneberg district,   where two U.S.  soldiers and a Turkish woman were killed, and 200 others  injured. Reagan wasn't talking   about American monitoring of   Libyan news broadcasts. Rather, his "direct,  precise, and  undeniable proof"   referred to secret (encrypted) diplomatic  communication between Tripoli and the Libyan embassy in East   Berlin.
which is further explained at   It may be the greatest intelligence scam of the century: For decades, the US has routinely intercepted and
  deciphered top secret encrypted messages of 120 countries.
In early 1992 a Sandia labs director decided that he and his subordinates were going to enter the data authentication business.
The director transferred me to break electronic locks for the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  This work was funded by the FBI/Engineering Research Facility [FBI/ERF], Quantico, VA.
I ordered about $200,000 of the FBI/ERF's money buying two copies of electronic locks.
One lock I ordered was the Hirsch Scramblepad electronic lock.
In about 1991 I was following progress of lawsuits in the district of Northern California,
  The first two cases to directly address the issue of  intermediate copying both originated in California's
  Northern District Court.  They are Atari v. Nintendo and  Sega v. Accolade.  In both cases, the district court   found that intermediate copying was NOT fair use.
  [The New Use of Fair Use:  Accessing Copyrighted Programs Through   Reverse Engineering, Stephen B. Maebius, Journal of the Patent and   Trademark Office Society, June 1993, 75, n6, p433]
Judge Fern Smith presided in both cases.
Reason I was following Atari v Nintendo was that I my Forth book I have two chapters on reverse engineering software.
One chapter contains a computer program which copied a ROM BIOS to diskette.
Smith's decisions made my intermediate copying program illegal.
  In a strong opinion she [Fern Smith] wrote in March 1991,  when granting Nintendo's request for a             preliminary  injunction against Atari, she lambasted Atari's lawyers for  thievery.
I was given the job assignment to copy the ROMs of Hirsch's 8051-based Scramblepad electronic lock to reverse engineer them to hopefully allow me to modify the locks for allow surreptitious entry.
I refused to engage in illegal activity for the FBI.
The termination letter seen at  states
  This is to advise you that effective July 27, 1992, you  will be terminated from Sandia National Laboratories.     This action is the results of your flagrant attack on a valued   Sandia customer and repeated insensitivity to   security/classification requirement.  These acts violate   Sandia National Laboratories Code of Conduct,   specifically  the Personal Conduct section,, and the Safeguarding  Information and Records Section. ...
for my whistleblowing SAND report on the National Security Agency's deficient work and refusing to mark classified on a report I and Danny Drummond wrote on how to fake Wiegand Wire access entry credentials for the FBI.
Both I and my EEOC complaint officer Ray Armenta were never able to determine exactly why I was fired.
However March 22, 1997 I received copies of the enclosed
  1  April 15, 1994 letter to EEOC director Charles Burtner  from Sandia Diversity Leadership director       Michael G. Robles.
  2  July 27, 1997 Termination of Employment memorandum containing my signature.
  3  DISCIPLINARY REVIEW COMMITTEE MINUTES, July 16, 1992.
  4  DISCIPLINARY REVIEW COMMITTEE MINUTES, July 6, 1989.
  5  September 6, 1995 letter from EEOC Investigator Larry J.      Trujillo to Richard Gallegos.
from Sandian Richard Gallegos.
Sandia lawyer Harold Folley previously stated that no documents existed.
The Privacy Act states
  (d) Access to Records.--Each agency that maintains a system
  of records shall--
            (1) upon request by any individual to gain access
        to his record or to any information pertaining to him
        which is contained in the system, permit him and upon
        his request, a person of his own choosing to accompany
        him, to review the record and have a copy made of all
        or any portion thereof in a form comprehensible to him,
        except that the agency may require the individual to
        furnish a written statement authorizing discussion of
        that individual's record in the accompanying person's
        presence;
The Sandia Disciplinary Review Committee NEVER interviewed me to check the veracity of their statements.
The Privacy Act states
  (2) permit the individual to request amendment of a record pertaining to       him and--
The statements in the SDRC are incorrect. I followed all Sandia procedures known to me.  I did nothing wrong.
I had no opportunity to defend myself.  My rights guaranteed under the Constitution, Bill of Rights, Article XIV.
  Section 1. All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and     subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the  United States    and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any   law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the   United States; nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty,   or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within   its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
have been violated.
C My permission was never asked to release these records to Gallegos.
As you may realize about the Privacy Act
  (b) Conditions of Disclosure.--No agency shall disclose any
  record which is contained in a system of records by any means
  of communication to any person, or to another agency, except
  pursuant to a written request by, or with the prior written
  consent of, the individual to whom the record pertains ...
The Privacy Act allows imposition of criminal penalties for those like members of the SDRC, Robles, Burtner,  and Trujillo who   (i)(1) Criminal Penalties.--Any officer or employee of an
  agency, who by virtue of his employment or official position,
  has possession of, or access to, agency records which contain
  individually identifiable information the disclosure of which
  is prohibited by this section or by rules or regulations
  established thereunder, and who knowing that disclosure of the
  specific material is so prohibited, willfully discloses the
  material in any manner to any person or agency not entitled to
  receive it, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and fined not more
  than $5,000.
    (2) Any officer or employee of any agency who willfully
  maintains a system of records without meeting the notice
  requirements of subsection (e)(4) of this section shall be
  guilty of a misdemeanor and fined not more than $5,000.
I forward criminal complaint affidavits on the above individuals to selected magistrate judge Marilyn Hall Patel.
Patel ignored my complaints. I return to the subject of breaking electronic locks for the FBI/ERF.
Smith's two decisions were overturned on appeal.
  However, both cases have been overruled on appeal. In the
  ground-breaking Atari decision, the Federal Circuit held
  that intermediate copying was a fair use.  The Sega
  decision, which was appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of
  Appeals, similarly overruled the district court and held
  that intermediate copying may be fair use.
Sandia patents and trademark lawyer Gregory A. Cone in the enclosed affidavit for a ADEA lawsuit I filed in the District of New Mexico stated
  AFFIDAVIT OF GREGORY A. CONE
  Gregory A. Cone, being duly sworn, deposes and states:
  1. I am employed by Sandia Corporation.  I am an attorney
  admitted to practice law in the State of California and before the
  U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and concentrate on legal issues
  related to patent and copyright law.  In that capacity, I am   familiar with activities at the Sandia National Laboratories
  ("Sandia") as they related to what is sometimes referred to as
  "reverse engineering ." ...
  [I]t is the general view at Sandia that disassembly of "object
  code" under such circumstances constitutes a "fair use" of
  copyrighted software under 17 U.S.C. article 107 and is thus
  permissible.  Sandia bases its view on Sega Enterprises v.
  Accolade, Inc. 977 F.2d 1510, 24 U.S.P. Q. 2d 1561 (9th Cir.
  1992), amended, 1993 U. S. App. LEXIS 78, and Atari Games Corp
  v. Nintendo of America, Inc, 975 F.2d 832 (Fed. Cir.   1992).  ...
  FURTHER, Affidavit sayeth naught.
  (signed)
  GREGORY A. CONE
  SUBSCRIBED, SWORN TO and ACKNOWLEDGED before me on this 12th
  day of August, 1993, by Gregory A. Cone."
  (signed)
  Mary A. Resnick
  Notary Public
  My Commission Expires:
  2-7-94
Cone has the two citations reversed.  The U. S. Patent Quarterly references the Atari v Nintendo lawsuit 1510 should be corrected to 1015.
Cone issued the above affidavit to District of New Mexico federal court in attempt to show that I had no legal reason to refuse to  reverse engineer the Hirsch Scramblepad electronic lock.
I was covered under 10 C.F.R. 708 - DOE CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE PROTECTION PROGRAM for my refusal to reverse engineer the Hirsch Scramblepad code.     708.1 Purpose,
  This part establishes procedures for timely and effective   processing of complaints by employees of contractors performing
  work at sites owned or leased by the Department of Energy (DOE),
  concerning alleged discriminatory actions taken by their employers
  in retaliation for the disclosure of information relative to health   and safety, mismanagement, and other matters as provided in 708.5(a),
  for participation in proceeding before Congress, or for the refusal
  to engage in illegal or dangerous activities." ...
Cone's affidavit attempts to create the appearance that reverse engineering was legal before July 27, 1992, the date of my firing.
  Title 18, Chapter 79, Article 1623 felony perjury.       Article 1623 - False declarations before grand jury or court
 (a) Whoever under oath (or in any declaration, certificate,
 verification, or statement under penalty of perjury as permitted  under section 1746 of title 28, United States Code) in any
 proceeding before or ancillary to any court or grand jury of
 the United States knowingly make any false material declaration  or makes or uses any other information, including any book, paper,
 document, record, recording, or other material, knowing the same
 to contain any false material declaration, shall be fined not more
 than $10,000 or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.
Decision of the Atari Games Corp. v. Nintendo of America appeal cited at page 1016 from 24 USPQ 2d was Decided SEPTEMBER 10, 1992.  I was fired JULY 27, 1992 so my work assignment was illegal at the time I refused.
Therefore, Cone committed felony perjury IN WRITING filed with New Mexico District Federal Court.
Chronological review of criminal complaint affidavits would be valuable before I present the current criminal complaint affidavits.
1  Monday March 11, 1996 10:05 I wrote judge Fern Smith a certified return receipt requested letter to ask her to either arrange or personally indict Sandia lawyer Cone for felony perjury.
Smith did not respond.
2 Friday May 31, 1996 08:58 I write the criminal complaint affidavit for the arrest of Sandia lawyer Cone and appoint judge Fern Smith as magistrate.
3 Thursday June 13 on orders of Smith and Albuquerque FBI special agent in charge Thomas Kneir FBI agents Kohl and Schum visited my home at 17:08 to investigate me for sending letters referenced in 1 and 2 to Smith.
4  In response to 3 on Tuesday July 9, 1996 06:52 I filed criminal complaint affidavit against Cone, again, for felony perjury with J. Clifford Wallace, chief judge, Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.  Smith for
  ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony   Whoever, having knowledge of the actual commission of a felony cognizable     by a court of the United States, conceals and  does not as soon as possible make   known the same to some judge or other   person in civil or military authority under the
  United States, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more  than three years,   or both.
for Smith's failure to properly process Cone's felony perjury and
  ï¿½ 241. Conspiracy against rights   If two or more persons conspire to injure, oppress, threaten, or     intimidate any person in any State, Territory, or District in
  the free exercise or enjoyment of any right or privilege secured to him   by the Constitution or laws of the United States, or because of his     having so exercised the same; ...
for sending, with Knier, FBI agents Kohl and Schum to my home in an attempt to intimidate me.
Knier for Conspiracy against rights for his complicity with Smith.
5  Monday July 15, 1996 06:23 I write Wallace again inquiring why he has not 6  August 15, 1996 Thursday Ms. Corina Orozco, Deputy Clerk, Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals writes me to tell me
  In the future, all correspondence should be addressed to the
  Clerk of the Court.  Do not address any correspondence to
  any one specific judge of this court.
7  September 12, 1996 06:20 I inform Orozco by letter that she is obstructing justice.   I ask Orozco to desist.
8 July 25, 1996 Senior Case Expeditor [sic], Gwen Baptiste from the Office of the Clerk, United States Court of Appeals for The Ninth Circuit, writes
         Re: Complaint of Judicial Misconduct
      We have received your complaint of judicial misconduct.
      Pursuant to the Rules of the Judicial Council of the Ninth
      Circuit Governing Complaints of Judicial Misconduct or
      Disability, you complaint is being returned to you for
      compliance with the above rules.  A copy of these rules is
      enclosed.  To understand the purpose of the procedure and
      who may be complaint about please refer to Rules 1 and 2.
9  Wednesday September 18, 1996 11:05 by certified, return receipt requested mail I write Wallace again told tell him
  Lawyer Wallace, I did not intend to file or did I file a
  complaint of judicial misconduct.
  Lawyer Wallace, I filed a criminal complaint affidavit as I have
  a right to as a citizen of the United States of America when the
  criminal acts are committed by government personnel, their
  contractors, Department of Justice and judicial personnel.
10  Wednesday November 27, 1996 09:18 I wrote certified, return receipt requested letter to inform Wallace
  Purpose of this letter is to inform you of consequences of your failure     to perform your duties as required by law as magistrate judge.  You are   committing felony violations of law.
  If I have not complied with all applicable rules, then I ask that you   inform me of any non-compliance so that I can correct my criminal   complaints and re-submit them.
  I satisfied the requirement of the Constitution and Rules 3 and 4, and   issued written and sworn complaints that set forth the essential facts   constituting the offenses charged against Smith, Kneir, and Cone.  I   also showed facts showing that the offenses were committed by Smith,   Kneir and Cone and these individuals committed them.
  So I ask that you do your job and proceed with supervision of the   arrest and prosecution of Smith, Kneir, and Cone for title 18 felony   violations of law.
11  Monday March 24, 1997 17:57 I write a certified - return receipt requested letter to Marilyn Hall Patel, District Judge; California,  Northern to inform her she has been selected as magistrate to process the criminal complaint affidavit against Sandia Diversity Director Michael G. Robles for sending the enclosed SDRC report to Burtner of EEOC.
Robles did this without my written permission and without checking the accuracy of the information.  The information contained in the SDRC report is false and defaming.
12  Monday April 21, 1997 13:44 I write Patel a certified - return receipt requested letter containing a criminal complaint affidavit against Charles L Burtner, Director, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission [EEOC] Larry J. Trujillo, Investigator, Phoenix District Office for sending the false and libelous enclosed documents to Richard Gallegos in Albuquerque without my written consent.
13 Thursday May 8, 1997 06:30 I write a certified - return receipt requested to Patel containing
  Purpose of this letter is to file a criminal complaint   affidavit against Sandia National Laboratories [Sandia]    Disciplinary Review Committee members and attendees G. H.   Libman, R.A. Polocasz,  D. B. Davis,  M. E. Courtney,    W. R. Geer, C. A. Searls, J. D.  Giachino,  R. L. Ewing,    A. M. Torneby, R. B. Craner,  C. W. Childers,  E. Dunckel,    D. S. Miyoshi, J. J McAuliffe,  J. D. Martin, and  R. C.   Bonner for violation of the criminal penalties section of   the Privacy Act, 5 USC 552a(i)(2) and Title 18 felony   violations of Civil Rights, Section 241, Conspiracy against   right to citizens.
for their roles in maintaining an illegal system of records.
Sandia refused to acknowledge existence of the enclosed SDRC report and for denying my rights guaranteed under the Constitution.
I was never interviewed by the SDRC committee or had any chance to defend my self against the false and defaming claims of the SDRC.
14 Friday June 13, 1997 12:41 I write a certified, return receipt requested to Wallace containing a criminal complaint affidavit against Margret D. Thomas, Judicial Assistant to the Honorable Marilyn Hall Patel for violating    ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant ...
  (C) prevent the communication by any person to a law enforcement officer    or judge of the United States of information relating to the commission    or possible commission of a Federal offense ...
  (3) hinder, delay, or prevent the communication to a law enforcement   officer or judge of the United States of information relating to the     commission or possible commission of a Federal offense ...
  shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or    both. for writing on May 9, 1997
 	      Criminal Section
Judge Hug, Rule 3 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure,  entitled the Complaint provides:
   The complaint is a written statement of the essential facts  constituting the offense charged.   It shall be     made upon  oath before a magistrate.
As you may be aware,
  An individual may "make a written complaint on oath before an  examining and committing magistrate, and   obtain a warrant of  arrest."  This is in conformity with the Federal Constitution,   and "consonant with the   principles of natural justice and    personal liberty found in the common law."
   [United States v Kilpatrick (1883, DC NC) 16G 765, 769]
You may also be aware,
   A complaint though quite general in terms is valid if it  sufficiently apprises the defendant of the nature of    the offense with which he is charged.
   [United States v Wood (1927, DC Tex) 26F2d 908, 910, affd    (CA5 Tex) 26 F2d 912.]
And for your edification,
   The commission of a crime must be shown by facts positively stated.  The oath or affirmation required is of    facts and not  opinions or conclusion.
   [United States ex rel. King v Gokey (1929, DC NY) 32 F2d
    93, 794]
   The complaint must be accompanied by an oath.
   [Re Rules of Court (1877, CC Ga) 3 Woods 502, F Cas No
    2126]
   A complaint must be sworn to before a commissioner or other  officer empowered to commit persons    charged with offenses  against the United States.
   [United States v Bierley ( 1971, WD Pa) 331 F Supp 1182]
   Such office is now called a magistrate.
   A complaint is ordinarily made by an investigating officer or  agent, and where private citizens seek    warrants of arrest, the    practice recommended by the Judicial Conference of the United    States is to refer the complaint to the United States Attorney.    However, further reference to him is    rendered futile where a   mandamus proceeding is brought to compel him to prosecute and    he opposes the proceeding.
   [Pugach v Klein (1961, SD NY) 193 F Supp 630, citing Manual
    for United States Commissioners 5 (1948)]
Any attempt to bring criminal complaints to government authorities would, of course, be futile.
I am a citizen of the United States and, judge Hug, you are the assigned magistrate.
   In order to satisfy the requirement of the Constitution and Rules 3 and 4, a written and sworn complaint    should set forth   the essential facts constituting the offense charged and also    facts showing that the offense    was committed and that the  defendant committed it.
   As to the requirement that the complaint be made on personal knowledge of the complainant, it is enough    for the issuance of a warrant that a complainant shows it to be on the  knowledge of the complainant.
   [Giordenello v United States (1958) 357 US 480, 2 L Ed. 2d
    1503, 78 S Ct 1245, rev. (Ca5 Tx) 241 F2d 575, 579 in accord
    Rice v Ames (1901) 180 US 371, 45 L Ed 577, 21 S ct 406, and
    United States v Walker, (1952, CA2 NY) 197 F 2d 287, 289,
    cert den 344 US 877, 97 L Ed 679, 73 S Ct 172]
So as to keep contiguous the requirements of the law ad the criminal complaint affidavit, I will include these complaints in this letter to you.
      CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVIT:  J Clifford Wallace
Essential material facts are:
1 Tuesday July 9, 1996 06:52 Payne files criminal complaint affidavit on Sandia lawyer Cone for felony perjury with J Clifford Wallace, chief judge, Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and judge Fern Smith for Misprision of felony for failure to prosecute Cone and Conspiracy against rights for sending, with FBI Albuquerque agent-in-charge Knier, FBI agents Kohl and Schum to Payne's home in an attempt to intimidate Payne.
2  Repeated attempts by certified return receipt requested mail to urge Wallace to do his job enumerated to 5-10 and 14 above in this letter go unanswered.
Count 1  Wallace made no attempt to bring lawyer Cone to justice despite possessing WRITTEN evidence of criminal activity.  Therefore,  Wallace is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Wallace's failure to properly process criminal complaint affidavit.
Count 2  Wallace made no attempt to bring judge Fern Smith to justice despite possessing WRITTEN evidence of misprision of felony for not properly processing the criminal complaint affidavit against lawyer Cone and ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant for sending FBI agents Kohl and Schum to Payne's home in an attempt to intimidate Payne. Therefore , Wallace is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Wallace's failure to properly process a criminal complaint affidavit.
Count 3  Wallace made no attempt to bring FBI agent-in-charge to justice for violation of ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant for sending FBI agents Kohl and Schum to Payne's home in an attempt to intimidate Payne. Wallace is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Wallace's failure to properly process a criminal complaint affidavit.
Count 4  Wallace made no attempt to bring MARGARET D. THOMAS to justice for violation of   ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant ... for writing Thomas' May 9, 1997 to Payne. Wallace is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Wallace's failure to properly process a criminal complaint affidavit.
                             	VERIFICATION
    	Under penalty of perjury as provided by law, the undersigned certifies 	pursuant to 28 USC section               1746 that material factual statements set forth in this criminal complaint are true and correct, except                 as to any matters therein stated to be information and belief of such matters the undersigned certifies               as aforesaid that the undersigned verily believes the same to be true.
          	Date               William H. Payne
                                    13015 Calle de Sandias NE
                                    Albuquerque, NM 87111
                                    505-292-7037
      CRIMINAL COMPLAINT AFFIDAVIT: Marilyn Hall Patel
Essential material facts are:
1 Patel failed to respond to certified return receipt requested criminal complaint affidavits specified in 11 - 13 in this letter.
Count 1  Patel made did not properly process criminal complaint affidavits despite being in possession of documents showing criminal violations of the Privacy Act and violation of civil rights. Therefore,  Patel is charged with Title 18   ï¿½ 4. Misprision of felony for Patel's failure to properly process criminal complaint affidavits.
                             	VERIFICATION
    	Under penalty of perjury as provided by law, the undersigned certifies 	pursuant to 28 USC section               1746 that material factual statements set forth in this criminal complaint are true and correct, except                 as to any matters therein stated to be information and belief of such matters the undersigned certifies               as aforesaid that the undersigned verily believes the same to be true.
          	Date                William H. Payne
                                    13015 Calle de Sandias NE
                                    Albuquerque, NM 87111
                                    505-292-7037
Judge Hug, I have been  extremely patient with judges and clerks of the district of Northern California and Ninth Circuit.  Criminal compliant affidavits were filed between March 11, 1996 and June 13, 1997.
Nothing has happened as of April 1, 1998.
I ask that you   1  issue warrants of arrest or
  2  inform me why you cannot proceed to do what I request
within 60 calendar days.
Smith's case is particularly egregious. Smith and Albuquerque FBI agent in charge James K. Weber, who replaced Kneir, sent US Marshals Lester and Lopez to my home on  January 24, 1997 in a second attempt to intimidate me.
Anotin Scalia was appointed magistrate to process criminal complaint affidavits against Smith and others for the second intimidation attempt.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111
              1746 that material factual statements set forth in this criminal complaint are true and correct, except                 as to any matters therein stated to be information and belief of such matters the undersigned certifies               as aforesaid that the undersigned verily believes the same to be true.
          	Date               William H. Payne
                                    13015 Calle de Sandias NE
                                    Albuquerque, NM 87111
                                    505-292-7037
Privacy Act criminal violation documents, 11 pages
AFFIDAVIT OF GREGORY A. CONE,  4 pages
May 9, 1997 letter from MARGARET D. THOMAS, 1 page
Friday 5/1/98 9:48 AM
Certified   Return receipt requested
Cathy A Catterson, Clerk
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals
121 Spear Street
POB 193939
San Francisco, CA 94119-9800
415 744 9800
Dear Clerk Catterson:
Purpose of this letter is to discover the REASON the criminal complaint addressed
to Ninth circuit judge Proctor Hug  Jr dated Wednesday  4/1/98  11:02 AM was
returned to me WITHOUT COVER LETTER.
I attach a copy of the envelope the above material was enclosed.  Return address is
Postmark is SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF  APR 24 98 U.S. POSTAGE $2.62
METER 504753.
The envelope is hand-addressed and stamped CONFIDENTIAL.
Since no cover letter was enclosed to explain the return of what I believe is
both a valid and lawful criminal complaint affidavit supported by WRITTEN
EVIDENCE, some even in FILED court documents, I feel we must investigate
to discover the REASON.
All of the accused are federal employees or contractor employees.
Possibility exists that return of the enclosed criminal complaint affidavit without
cover letter stating the REASON may indicate violation of Title 18
  ï¿½ 1512. Tampering with a witness, victim, or an informant   [(b)]  Whoever knowingly ...  corruptly persuades another  person, or  attempts to do so, or engages in misleading conduct toward another person, with intent to -  ...
  (2) cause or induce any person to -      (A) withhold testimony, or withhold a record, document, or other object, from an            official proceeding; ...
  (3) hinder, delay, or prevent the communication to a law enforcement officer or judge of the United             States of information relating to the commission or possible commission of a Federal offense ...
        shall be fined under  this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both.    (c) Whoever intentionally harasses another person and thereby hinders, delays, prevents, or dissuades any               person   from - ...
    (2) reporting to a law enforcement officer or judge of the United States the commission or possible
          commission of a Federal offense ...  or attempts to do so, shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not           more than one year, or both. Clerk Catterson, you may be aware  that under ï¿½ 1512
  (d) In a prosecution for an offense under this section, it is an affirmative defense, as to which the defendant     has the  burden of proof by a preponderance of the evidence, that the conduct consisted solely of lawful   conduct ...
Therefore, I ask that you investigate to discover WHO returned the enclosed criminal complaint affidavit to And report the REASON the criminal complaint affidavit was returned to me.
I ask that you respond within 30 days.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111

@_date: 1998-05-01 13:54:27
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Ruling in Payne & Morales v NSA's Minihan 
Friday 5/1/98 2:15 PM
John Young
Nice to talk to you a few minutes ago.  Even in person!
Judge Santiago Campos ruled in Payne and Morales v NSA Minihan.   Morales opted to meet and open the ruling even though it is
a week end.  Usually, I NEVER open a lawyer letter on near a weekend or a vacation.
But we do file lawsuits on Friday.  That way we get to blast THEM
[Great Satan supporters] on the Infobahn before the court has a chance to seal the complaint.  Mail Boxes Etc. charges only  $.04 per page special copy charge on Fridays too V $.07 on other days.  We, unlike DOE, are mindful of containing litigation costs.
The ruling is 56 pages long!
Morales read me only the first and last pages.
I mailed a priority mail copy to you.
Without Internet NYA, J Orlin Grabbe, and some really neat journalists
outcome would have far different, I conjecture.
Have a good weekend everyone [  We are!
We GOT TO GET THIS HORRIBLE MESS SETTLED!
Cowabunga, Yahoo, allahu akbar, etc.
bill and art

@_date: 1998-05-04 07:01:06
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Periods of sequences 
Monday 5/4/98 7:22 AM
Your statement
  The advantages are a lack of mathematical structure which might
provide an entry for the    cryptanalyst, and a huge choice of possibilities; the disadvantages
are that there are no      guarantees on anything, and as is well known there is a risk of
getting a very short  period. made at  stuck me as profound.
Reason is that NSA cryptomathematician Scott Judy once told me that I
did not really
understand the principles NSA uses for its crypto algorithm.
Judy proceeded to explain to me that NSA bases its crypto algorithm on
not mathematics.
Judy apparently did not realize that some years previous NSA employee
Brian Snow showed
us about all of NSA's KG schematics.  And their field failure records!
Masanori Fushimi in Random number generation with the recursion x[t] =
x[t-3q],Journal of Applied Mathematics 31 (1990) 105-118 implements a
with period 2^521 - l. Fushimi's generator is sold by Visual Numerics.
Fushimi's implementation is very well tested.  And worked SO WELL that
Numerics numerical analyst Richard Hanson had TO BREAK IT!
Reason was that the gfsr produces true zeros.  This caused simulation
to crash from division by zero.
None of the linear congruential generators produced zeros so the problem
not arise until the gfsr was used.
Hanson ORed in a low-order 1 to fix the problem
Masanori wrote,
  Lewis and Payne [16] introduced an apparely different type of
  the generalized feed back shift register (GFSR), by which numbers are
formed by   phase-shifted elements along a M-sequence based on a primitive
trinomial 1 +
  z^q + z^p.
Lewis was one of my former ms and phd students.
Cycle lengths of sequences is a fascinating topic.
Let me point you guys to a delightful article on the distribution of
terminal digits of transcendental numbers.
  The Mountains of pi by Richard Preston, v68 The New Yorker,
  March 2, 1992 p 36(21).
This is a story about Russian-born mathematicians Gregory and
David Chudnowsky.
While the story is fun to read, I think that the Chudnowsky's were
wasting their time.
I think that terminal digits of transcendental numbers have been
proved to be uniformly distributed.
    Sobolewski, J. S., and W. H. Payne, Pseudonoise with
    Arbitrary Amplitude Distribution:  Part I:  Theory,
    IEEE Transactions On Computers, 21 (1972): 337-345.     Sobolewski, J. S., and W. H. Payne, Pseudonoise with
    Arbitrary Amplitude Distribution:  Park II:  Hardware
    Implementation, IEEE Transactions on Computers, 21
    (1972): 346-352. Sobolewski is another of my former phd students.
Hopefully you guys will read judge Santiago Campos' 56 page MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER on the Payne and Morales lawsuit on jya.com within several days.
I made a copy and gave it to Sobolewski on Sunday afternoon.
I want Sobolewski's opinion on what Morales and I should do.
Soblewski lives about two miles from us.
Sobloweski is an administrator [vp of computing at university
of new mexico] and knows how administrators think.
Let's hope this UNFORTUNATE mess involving shift register sequences
gets settled.
But let's not forget our sense of humors despite the about .5 million
dead Iranians.  Hopefully the system will take care of the guys that did that did the
Masanori wrote,
  The GFSR sequence as well as the Tausworthe sequence can be
  constructed using any M-sequence whether the characteristic polynomial
  is trinomial or not;...
Jim Durham, my seismic data authenticator project leader, retired from
Durham gave me a number of tech reports upon his retirement.
One was authored by Robert TITSWORTHE of jpl.
TITSWORTHE changed his name!

@_date: 1998-05-05 07:12:55
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Payne-Morales vs. NSA: Memorandum Opinion and Order 
Tuesday 5/5/98 7:17 AM
Lawyers and MCs
Morales and I met on Monday to discuss strategy for response to
Payne-Morales vs. NSA: Memorandum Opinion and Order
which is cross-linked at  from
We will, of course, file Rule 52. Findings by the Court; Judgment on Partial Findings
    (a) Effect. In all actions tried upon the facts without a jury or with an advisory jury, the court shall find the facts specially and state separately its conclusions of law thereon, and judgment shall be entered pursuant to Rule 58; and in granting or refusing interlocutory injunctions the court shall similarly set forth the findings of fact and conclusions of law which constitute the grounds of its action. Requests for findings are not necessary for purposes of review. Findings of fact, whether based on oral or documentary evidence, shall not be set aside unless clearly erroneous, and due regard shall be given to the opportunity of the trial court to judge of the credibility of the witnesses. The findings of a master, to the extent that the court adopts them, shall be considered as the findings of the court. It will be sufficient if the findings of fact and conclusions of law are stated orally and recorded in open court following the close of the evidence or appear in an opinion or memorandum of decision filed by the court. Findings of fact and conclusions of law are unnecessary on decisions of motions under Rules 12 or 56 or any other motion except as provided in subdivision (c) of this rule.
    (b) Amendment. On a party's motion filed no later than 10 days after entry of judgment, the court may amend its findings--or make additional findings--and may amend the judgment accordingly. The motion may accompany a motion for a new trial under Rule 59. When findings of fact are made in actions tried without a jury, the sufficiency of the evidence supporting the findings may be later questioned whether or not in the district court the party raising the question objected to the findings, moved to amend them, or moved for partial findings.
Lawyers, we suspect that the possibility that Campos wrote the 56 page
document is remote.
Reason is that informants within the federal court system have told us
the government lawyers write the opinion and order, then gives them to
the judge to sign.
Morales and noticed in previous cases that material not presented to
judges were appearing in the judgesï¿½ documents.
So when we study the document we will be looking for A judge is supposed to judge, not help either side.
We learned from an Hispanic lawyer that government lawyers give false
of case law to a judge to have the judge agree and dismiss the
plaintiff's case.
Morales and I still have been unable to obtain docket sheets from the
Tenth circuit for cases No. 94-2205, Payne v Sandia and 95-2204, Morales v Sandia.
We both won but crooked federal judges gave the win to Sandia.
Morales and my main purpose in filing the NSA genocide and deficient
algorithm lawsuit was to expose corruption in the US federal court
A side purpose an international public service to expose technical
details of NSAï¿½s
bungled spy stingS so that congress can take some action to remedy
damage done
by US ï¿½intelligenceï¿½ agencies.
Albuquerque Journal 4/21/98 page A6 reports what happened.
  U.S. Aided Communist Foe Pol Pot
  Richard Reeves
  LOS ANGELES - ...
  Even after he fell from national power, we helped supply and protect
  Pol Pot because the Khmer Rouge was tying down large number of
  North Vietnamese troops.
    These are some of the names of the evil who were or still are paid
  o  Saddam Hussein, paid for making war on Iran.
  o  Gulbuddin Hekmatry, who made his name throwing acid in the faces of
     students in Kabul who dared to wear western dress, paid for making
was against
     communists in Afghanistan.
  o  The Taliban, the religious warriors we helped train to fight
communists who are      beating or killing those same women right now in Afghanistan.
  o  Manuel Noriega, the soldier-thug we encouraged to overthrow
elections in Panama
     because we did not like the results.
  o  Mobuto Sese Seko, one Joseph Mobutu, our man in Zaire.
  o  Jonas Savimbi, in constant war in Angola
  The list goes on.  It has for a long time and will, even if communism
is dead as a
  national security threat of the United States.  In may of these cases
our interest   involved resources - oil, usually, ...
Settlement should be made QUICKLY Before something possibly VERY
UNFORTUNATE happens.
Also, I needed legal delivery practice prior to filing a Privacy Act and
Let's all hope for settlement.

@_date: 1998-05-06 04:17:16
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: SHIFT REGISTER technology 
Friday 4/24/98 7:33 AM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
John Gilmore
The stuff on linear and non-linear shift register sequences which is now
appearing on jya.com is the ï¿½military-gradeï¿½ crypto technology.
Semionoff and  contains material similar
to what I saw Brian Snow present in schematics of NSA KG units.
The statement by david.loos at eudoramail.com
  The A5 algorithm uses a three level, non-linear feedback shift
  register arrangement, designed to be sufficiently complex to resist
  attack.
points to the technology used for military-grade crypto.
The reason NSA regarded the R register, seen at
feedback function classified was that it contained a non-linear feedback
function.  I was ORDERED to build UNCLASSIFIED hardware.  This is why I stuck the R
feedback function in a fast ram.
This similarity between the structure of the nonlinear feedback function
in the CAVE algorithm seen at   to the feedback function published in my SAND report
: A11   A1 A5 AND
        A1 0= A9 0= AND XOR
        A6 A10 XOR XOR ;
reveals  ï¿½military-strengthï¿½ technology.  SHIFT REGISTERS.
Words ï¿½shift registersï¿½ also caused the Great American Spy Sting bust.
        The Cold War is over.  And the crypto cat is now about fully out of the
Letï¿½s hope for settlement so that we can all go on to more constructive

@_date: 1998-05-06 07:07:09
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: simplicity & found docket sheet 
Wednesday 5/6/98 7:29 AM
J Orlin Grabbe
Your new single-column format, I feel, has advantages over
the old three-column format. 1  Not as much scrolling as was required to read the three-column
   format.
2  When I copies material out of columns 2 or 3 to save in a file
   [orlin.txt, of course], I had to use the Auto-format in Word
   to collapse the leading blanks.
I am studying, by thinking, about how John Young has organized his
information and the simplicity of what Young has done.
Simplicity exudes brilliance.  And also, I am guessing, is key
to outstanding architectural designs.
I have some ideas about a 80c32, MASM, and Visual Basic Internet
forum I am mulling-over in my mind.  I am completing an 80c32
project.  Then I need to revise my book.
Publicity of this mess on Internet has helped book sales.
Today I am working on 1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne and Morales [Plaintiffs] to exercise their
rights under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 52. Findings by
the Court; Judgment on Partial Findings
  (b) Amendment. On a party's motion filed no later than 10 days after   entry of judgment, the court may amend its findings--or make
additional   findings--and may amend the judgment accordingly. The motion may   accompany a motion for a new trial under Rule 59. When findings of
fact   are made in actions tried without a jury, the sufficiency of the   evidence supporting the findings may be later questioned whether or
not   in the district court the party raising the question objected to the   findings, moved to amend them, or moved for partial findings.
And I see  this morning at that John Young found the docket sheet on my case on Internet which
Circuit court clerks Fisher and Hoecker refused to send me.
USCA: Payne v. Sandia National Lab Docket         May 5, 1998
I think I see WRITTEN EVIDENCE, now published on Internet, that court
clerks and federal judges have committed Title 18 felony violations of law.
Morales and I are not above filing criminal complaint affidavits when we
WRITTEN EVIDENCE of guilt.
We all must remember the sage words of defendant Harvey Brewster,
Sandia/EEOC, fortunately for me, left a WRITTEN TRAIL of evidence of
This mess should be settled    so that we can all move on to more constructive projects.  Before it gets WORSE.  Perhaps megatons worse?
Allahu akbar

@_date: 1998-05-08 07:51:21
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: http://www.jya.com/whp043098.htm 
Friday 5/8/98 6:25 AM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
Sobolewski phoned last night.
Sobolewski gave me his opinion.
1  Campos is going to hold in camera ex parte conference with NSA
2  Campos will then award summary judgment to NSA.
I told Sobolewski that most of the legal citations in Camposï¿½ document
were not contained in the pleadings.
Sobolewski EXCLAIMED, ï¿½Oh.ï¿½
Sobolewski is particularly good at law.  Sobolewskiï¿½s father was a
lawyer and judge both in Poland and Australia.
Sobolewski prevailed in an lawsuit spanning the US and Australia - but
it still cost him more than $20k TELLING a lawyer what to do.
Sobowleski usually beats speeding tickets.
Sobolewski uses DISCOVERY to obtain maintenance and calibration
records of police radar.  And also radar operation training records of
the officer who stopped him.
The MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER authored by some government lawyers and signed by Campos is clearly a candidate for one of the
STUPIDEST and INCOMPETENT legal documents ever written.
Morales and I LOVE IT, of course!  This is why we were so happy last Friday.  We got another shot at THEM
[aka The Great Satan].
Morales is taking the day off from Sandia today.  We will finish and file our motion.  Then BLAST it out on the Infobahn.
I see other good legal advice linked at

@_date: 1998-05-08 12:01:06
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: FILED 98 MAY - 8 AM 11:31 
John Young
File-stamped copy was mailed to you at US Courthouse.
                    UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                 FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO
William H. Payne        	   	    		            )
Arthur R. Morales                           			)
                                            				)
                Plaintiffs,                 			            )
                                            				)
v                                           				)	CIV NO 97 0266 Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF 	            )
Director, National Security Agency	    		)
National Security Agency		    		)
                                            				)
                Defendant                   			)
PLAINTIFFS' MOTION TO AMEND Santiago E. Campos MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER FILED 98 APR 30 AM 11:45
1  COMES NOW plaintiffs Payne  and Morales [Plaintiffs] to exercise their rights under the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, Rule 52. Findings by the Court; Judgment on Partial Findings
  (b) Amendment. On a party's motion filed no later than 10 days after   entry of judgment, the court may amend its findings--or make additional   findings--and may amend the judgment accordingly. ...
2 Plaintiffs will show that the Court's [Campos]  MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER  contains presumably-unintentional false statements or misleading statements of essential material facts.
Plaintiffs move to permit Campos to amend ORDER to reflect proper remedy of obvious evidence
of lack of impartiality and judicial misconduct.
A  judge is supposed to judge arguments presented by the Plaintiffs and the Defendant.
An  judge is NOT SUPPOSED to engage in legal research designed to support either Plaintiff or Defendant's case.
Judge Campos was  supposed to rely on legal citations presented ONLY by pro se Plaintiffs or NSA Defendant  Minihan's  lawyer,  Assistant US Attorney Jan Elizabeth Mitchell [Mitchell].
MEMORANDUM  OPINION AND ORDER contains OVER ABOUT 144 legal citations most of which WERE NOT PRESENTED TO THE COURT in pleadings by either Plaintiffs or Defendant.
3  Campos writes
  Plaintiffs contend that Federal Civil Procedure Rule 36 explicitly provides that discovery is   allowed without leave of the court. Plaintiffs quote citation   The Court is unsure where   Plaintiffs found the language  they quote, but it is incorrect.
Federal Civil Judicial Procedure and Rules, WEST PUBLISHING  COMPANY, 1991 Revised Edition, page 110 states,  Rule 36.  Requests for Admission
  Request for admission (a) A party may serve upon any other   party a written request for the  admission, for the  purposes of   the pending action only, of the truth of any  matters within the    scope of Rule 26(b) set forth the request that relate to statements   or opinions of fact or of the application of law to fact including   the genuineness of any documents described in the request.     Copies of documents shall  be served with the request unless   they have been or otherwise  furnished or made available for   inspection and  copying.  The request may WITHOUT LEAVE    OF THE COURT, be served  upon the plaintiff after   commencement of  the action and upon any  other party with   or after service of the  summons and complaint upon that   party. ... Updated Rule 36 seen at click at 36. Requests for Admission states
  A party may serve upon any other party a written request for the admission, for  purposes of the     pending action only, of the truth of any matters within the scope  of Rule 26(b)(1) set forth in the   request that relate to statements or opinions of fact or of the application of law to fact, including the   genuineness of any  documents described in the request. Copies of documents shall be served with   the request unless they have been or are otherwise furnished or made available  for inspection and   copying.   Without leave of court or written stipulation,  requests for admission may not be served   before the time specified in Rule 26(d) .
Rule 26(d) states
  (d) Timing and Sequence of Discovery.
  Except when authorized under these rules or by local rule, order, or agreement of the parties, a party     may not seek discovery from any source before the parties have met and conferred as required by   subdivision (f). Unless the court upon motion, for the convenience of parties and witnesses and in the   interests of justice, orders otherwise, methods of discovery may be used in any sequence, and the fact   that a party is conducting discovery, whether by deposition or otherwise, shall not operate to delay   any other party's discovery.
Essential material facts are
1  5/23/97 Docket Sheet entry 9 Plaintiffs file   MOTION by plaintiff for order to accept discovery plan (dmw)
2  Defiant misses filing date for response to entry 9.
3  Plaintiffs' file on 6/9/97 Docket Sheet entry 13  MOTION by plaintiff to accept discovery plan of plaintiffs as an unopposed motion before the court (dwm)
4  In panic Defendant's lawyer US Mitchell submits on 6/9/97 Docket Sheet entry 14,
RESPONSE by defendant to motion to accept discovery plan of plaintiffs as an unopposed motion before the Court [13-1] (dwm) [Entry date  06/10/97]
Lawyer Mitchell, apparently realizing her legal procedural blunder, is forced to deposit her LATE MOTION in Court outside mailbox since entry was not stamped FILED until June 10.
The "time specified in Rule 26(d)" was satisfied, therefore Plaintiffs were with
the law for proceeding with discovery.
4  Campos cites in   B. Standing of Plaintiff Morales  ... see also NLRB v. Sears. Roebuck &  Co., 421 U.S. 132, 144 n.
  10 ( 1975).
Plaintiffs can find no reference to NLRB v. Sears. Roebuck &  Co in Mitchell's pleadings
Therefore Campos reaches conclusion that Morales should be removed partially on obviously biased
citations of Campos own legal research.
5  Campos writes in  C. Proper Defendant
Campos cites the following legal citations to justify dismissing defendant Minihan
1  Thompson v. Walbran, 990 F.2d 403, 405 (8thCir. 1993) (per curiam); 2  Petrus v. Bowen, 833 F.2d 581, 582-83 (5th Cir.1987); 3  Sherwood Van Lines, Inc. v. United States Department of the Navy,732 F. Supp. 240, 241 (D.D.C.        1990); 4  Gary Energy Corp. v. United StatesDepartment of Energy, 89 F.R.D. 675, 675-77 (D. Colo. 1981). 5  But see, e.g Diamond v. FBI, 532 F. Supp. 216, 21920 (S.D.N.Y. 1981), aff'd on other
    grounds, 707 F.2d 75 (2d Cir. 1983); 6  Hamlin v. Kelley, 433 F. Supp. 180,181 (N.D. Ill. 1977).
7  Parks v. IRS, 618 F.2d 677 684 (10th Cir. 1980)
Plaintiffs can find NONE of the above legal citations in ANY pleadings before the Court.
Therefore, Plaintiffs conclude that Campos is obviously biased and has improperly introduced legal
citations in an attempt to have Minihan dismissed.
6  Campos cites in  III. FOIA
 A. FOIA Policy
1  NLRB v, Robbins Tire & Rubber Co.,     437 U.S. 214, 242 (1978).
2  Anderson v. Department of Health and Human Services,907 F.2d 936, 941 (10th Cir. 1990)
3  Maricopa Audubon Society v. United States Forest Service, 923 F. Supp. 1436, 1438-39
(D.N.M. 1995)
4  Maricopa Audubon Society v. United States Forest Service, 923 F. Supp. 1436, 1438-39
(D.N.M. 1995)
5  Hale v. United States Department of Justice, 973 F.2d894, 897 (10th Cir. 1992) 6  (citing EPA v. Mink, 410 U.S. 73, 79-80 (1973), vacated on other grounds, 509 U.S. 918 (1993));
7  Office of Information and Privacy, U.S. Department of Justice, Freedom of Information
   Act Guide & Privacy Act Overview 3 (Sept. 1997 ed.)
8  S. Rep. No. 813, 89th Cong., 1st Sess. 10 (1965),
9  United States Department of Justice v. Reporters Commission for Freedom of the Press, 489 U.S.       749, 773  (1989);see id. at 774
10  Air Force v. Rose, 425 U.S. 352, 360-61(1976); 11  Anderson v. Department of Health and Human Services, 907 F.2d 936,941 (10th Cir. 1990); 12  Johnson v. United States Department of Justice, 739F.2d 1514, 1516 (10th Cir. 1984)
13   Hale v. United States Department of Justice, 2 F.3d 1053, 1057 (10th Cir. 1993);
14  Cal-Almond, Inc. v. United States Department of Agriculture, 960 F.2d 105, 107 (9th Cir. 1992).
15  Bowen v.United States Food and Drug Administration, 925 F.2d 1225, 1226 (9th Cir. 1991) . 16  King v. Department of Justice, 830 F.2d 210, 217 (D.C. Cir.1987).
17  Vaughn v. Rosen, 484 F.2d 820 (D.C.Cir. 1973); 18  Weiner v. FBI, 943 F.2d 972, 977 (9th Cir. 1991).
19  Halperin v. CIA, 629 F.2d 144, 14849 (D.C. Cir. 1980);
Plaintiffs can find NONE of the above citation of law in pleadings before this Court
Campos is obviously biased for including above 18 citations.
Campos cites internet addresses
1  <   >
2  <  > 3  <  > 4  <  5  < 6  Mitchell cites no Internet address in her pleadings.
Above Internet address citations are not those given by Plaintiffs.
Therefore, Campos introduces material not in pleadings before this court in his
MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER.
7  Campos cites in
  B. Exhaustion of Administrative Remedies
1  Taylor v. United States Treasury Department, 127 F.3d 470,475 (5th Cir. 1997)
2  Taylor v. Appleton, 30 F.3d 1365, 1367 n.3 (11th Cir. 1994)
3  Volvo GM Heavy Truck Corp. v. United States Department of Labor, 118 F.3d 205,
    08-09 (4th Cir. 1997)
4  Trenerry v. Internal Revenue Service, No. 95-5150, 70 F.3d 598, 1996 WL 88459 at *1 (10th Cir.        March 1, 1996)
5  Lanter v. Department of Justice, No. 93-6308, 19 F.3d 33, 1994 WL 75876 at *1 (10th Cir. March     8, 1994)
6  Hass v. United States Air Force, 848 F. Supp. 926, 929 (D. Kan. 1994)
7  Katzman v. CIA, 903 F. Supp.434, 437 (E.D. N.Y. 1995) (citing Becker v. Internal Revenue     Service, 34 F.3d 398, 405 (7th Cir. 1994)).
8  Ruotolo v. Department of Justice, 53 F.3d 4, 8 (2d Cir. 1995);
9  Spannaus v. United States Department of Justice, 824 F.2d 52, 59 (D.C. Cir 1987);
10 Kuchta v. Harris, No. 92-1121, 1993 WL 87705 at *3 (D.Md. March 25, 1993)
11 Trueblood v. United States Department of Treasury, 943 F. Supp. 64, 66-67 (D.D.C. 1996);
Plaintiffs could NOT find ANY of the above legal citations in pleadings before this Court.
Campos gives biased opinion on exhaustion of administrative remedies.
8  Campos cites in
  C. Summary Judgment
1  Haines v. Kerner, 404 U.S. 519, 520 (1972) (per curiam).
2  Shabazz v. Askins, 14 F.3d 533, 535 (10th Cir. 1994).
3  Green v.Dorrell, 969 F.2d 915, 917 (10th Cir. 1992).
4  Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242, 249, 255 (1986).
5  Magnum Foods, Inc. v. Continental Casualty Co., 36 F.3d 1491, 1497 (10th Cir. 1994).
6  World of Sleep. Inc. v. La-Z-Boy Chair Co., 756 F.2d 1467, 1474 (10th Cir. 1985)
7  Celotex Corp. v. Catrett. 477 U.S. 317, 325 (1986).
8  Bacchus Industries. Inc. v. Arvin Industries. Inc., 939 F.2d 887,891 (10th Cir. 1991).
Plaintiffs can find none of the above citation in pleadings before this Court.
9  Campos cites in
  3. Plaintiff's First Summary Judgment Motion
1  Powell v. McCormack, 395 U.S. 486, 496 (1969)
2  Phillippi v. CIA, 546 F.2d 1009, 1013 (D.C. Cir. 1976).
3  Patterson v. FBI, 705 F. Supp. 1033, 1039 (D.N.J. 1989), aff'd 898 F.2d 595 (3d Cir. 1990).
4  American Friends Service Committee v. Department of Defense, 831 F.2d 441, 444 (3d
    Cir. 1987) 5  Salisbury v. United States, 690 F.2d 996, 970 (D.C. Cir. 1982) 6  Sen. Report No. 1200, 93rd Cong. 12 (1974), U.S. Code Cong. & Admin. News 6267, 6290      (1974)).
7  AG's 1993 FOIA Memorandum
8  Afshar v. Department of State, 702 F.2d 1125, 1130 (D.C. Cir. 1983).
9  Pfeiffer v. CIA, 721 F. Supp. 337, 342 (D.D.C. 1989)
10  Public Citizen v. Department State, 11 F.3d 198, 204 (D.C. Cir. 1993).
11  Fitzgibbon v. CIA, 911 F.2d 755, 766 (D.C. Cir. 1990)
12  Military Audit Project v. Casey, 656 F.2d 724, 74345 (D.C. Cir 1981)
13  Phillippi v. CIA, 655 F.2d 1325, 1332-33 (D.C. Cir. 1981)
14  McNamera v. United States Department of Justice, 974 F. Supp. 946, 955-56 (W.D. Tex. 1997).
15  Halperin v. CIA, 629 F.2d 144, 14849 (D.C. Cir. 1980),
16  United States Department of Justice v. Reporters Committee for Freedom of  the Press, 489 U.S.       749, 773 (1989);
17  King v. United States Department of Justice, 830 F.2d 210, 224 (D.C. Cir. 1987); 18  Fitzgibbon v. CIA, 578 F. Supp. 704, 709 (D.D.C. 1983).
19  Katzman v. CIA, 903 F. Supp. 434, 438 (E.D.N.Y. 1995).
20  McDonnell v. United States, 4 F.3d 1227, 1246 (3d Cir. 1993) (citing Association of
      Retired Railroad Workers v. United States Railroad Retirement Board, 830 F.2d 331, 336 (D.C.       Cir. 1987)).
21  United States Department of Justice v. Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, 489 U.S.       749, 775 (1989).
22  Founding Church of Scientology v. NSA, 610 F.2d 824, 30, 833 & n. 80 (D.C. Cir. 1979).
23  EPA v. Mink, 410 U.S. 73, 80 (1973); 24  NLRB v. Robbins Tire & Rubber Co., 437 U.S. 214, 242 (1978).
Plaintiffs cannot find any of the above 24 citation in pleadings before this Court.
9  Campos writes
  Consequently, the Court requests that Defendant provide it, as it has
  offered to do, an in camera ex parte declaration or detailed affidavit
  explaining its reasons for its "Glomar response" and for nondisclosure of
  none of the Iranian and Libyan messages and translations from June 1, 1980
  to June 10,1996, if they do exist. See Anderson v. Department of Health and
  Human Services, 907 F.2d 936, 942. (10th Cir. 1990).24 The declaration of
  affidavit must be provided by the Defendant to the Court within sixty days of the   date of this opinion. The Court will stay its decision on Defendant's Motion for   Summary Judgment (Exemption 3) until after it has heard or examined Defendant's   explanation.
and quotes
  24 As the Tenth Circuit has explained:
  In order to fulfill its obligation to review de novo the agency's decision not to disclose materials    sought under  the FOIA, a district court has a  variety of options. "The FOIA allows the district court   flexibility in utilizing  in camera review of the disputed documents, indexing, oral testimony, detailed    affidavits, or alternative  procedures to determine whether a  sufficient factual basis exists for   evaluating the correctness of the  [agency] determination in each case." [If a Vaughn index or  an   affidavit is insufficient,] then the district  court must utilize other procedures in order to develop an   adequate factual  basis for review of the agency  action.
  Anderson v. Department of Health and Human Services, 907 F.2d 936, 942
  (10th Cir. 1990) (quoting DeSalvo v. Internal Revenue Service, 861 F.2d
  1217, 1222 n.6 (10th Cir. 1988) (first alteration in Anderson)).
Plaintiffs cannot find reference to 1  Anderson v. Department of Health and Human Services, 907 F.2d 936, 942  (10th Cir. 1990) 2  DeSalvo v. Internal Revenue Service, 861 F.2d  1217, 1222 n.6 (10th Cir. 1988) in pleadings before this Court.
WHEREFORE  Plaintiffs move for Campos to amend MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER
which currently reads
10  NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED that sua sponte, Defendant is DEEMED by the
  Court to be the NSA, and not Lt. Gen. Kenneth A. Minihan. Future captions
  for this case should reflect this change.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Plaintiff's Motion for Summary Judgment is
  DENIED without prejudice.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Defendant's Motion to Dismiss Plaintiff Morales
  is GRANTED.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that, in regard to Defendant's Motion for Partial
  Dismissal and for Summary Judgment, Defendant's Motion for Partial
  Dismissal is DENIED and Defendant's Motion for Summary Judgment is STAYED
  pending an in camera ex parte declaration consistent herewith provided by Defendant to
  the Court within sixty (60) days of the date of this opinion.
  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Plaintiff's Motion for Summary Judgment Based on
  Evidence from Admissions is DENIED as MOOT.
to read
11 Santiago Campos disqualifies himself  under  28 USC ï¿½ 455. Disqualification of justice, judge, or magistrate     (a) Any justice, judge, or magistrate of the United States shall     disqualify himself  in any proceeding in which his impartiality     might reasonably be questioned. ...
from further participation in  case CIV NO 97 0266, UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW MEXICO for basing much of  MEMORANDUM OPINION AND ORDER FILED 98 APR 30 AM 11:45 on materials not contained in pleadings before the Court and vacates ORDER FILED 98 APR 30 AM 11:45.
                    Respectfully submitted,                     13015 Calle de Sandias NE          	                         Albuquerque, NM 87111              	                         Arthur R. Morales                                                1024 Los Arboles NW                                             Albuquerque, NM 87107                                            Pro se litigants                CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I HEREBY CERTIFY that a copy of the foregoing memorandum
was mailed to Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF, Director,  National Security Agency, National Security Agency, 9800 Savage Road, Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000 and hand delivered to Jan E Mitchell, Assistant US Attorney, 525 Silver SW, ABQ, NM 87102 this Friday May 8, 1998.

@_date: 1998-05-10 15:26:06
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: What Does Crash Mean? and Motion to Amend Order 
Sunday 5/10/98 3:49 PM
J Orlin Grabbe
John Young
Orlin, u 5/10/98 Albuquerque Journal
  What Does ï¿½Crashï¿½ Mean?  Hang Around
  William Pfaff
  Syndicated Columnist
  PARIS -  A friend said to me the other day that the word  ï¿½crashï¿½
  no longer is part of the American vocabulary.  We only know stock   market ï¿½correction,ï¿½ and corrections have just be waited out.
    He explained to me that the stock market only goes up, because   immense popular and political interests, as well as corporate
  are today committed to its only going up.  His implied argument was
that the   American government has no choice but to make it go up.
    It struck me, as he was peaking, that this might have been what Jay
  was saying to his friends during the luxurious summer of 1929, a few
  before Gatsby disappeared off the end of that dock in West Egg, on
  Island Sound, or went back to the Middle West - if it was the Middle
West -
  which, for Gatsby, would have been worse.   But I am a child of the
Depression. ...
Pfaff concludes
    I would stick with an older American assumption, that if something
seems too
  good to be true, it probably is.
Accompanying picture by NANCY OHANIAN/ LOS ANGLES TIMES SYNDICATE
has a bull pictured precariously perched atop a pinnacle ... with rocks
falling around its
John  I just saw    Payne-Morales v. NSA: Motion to Amend Order  May 9, 1998
  Froomkin on Payne-Morales Motion to Amend Order  May 9, 1998 at
But I will not read them until Monday.
Letï¿½s all hope someone sees the importance of posting the requested
documents on Internet.
Then settling this unfortunate mess.

@_date: 1998-05-11 14:21:34
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: David Felton 
Monday 5/11/98 1:37 PM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
Judge Leroy Hansen has ordered Morales to court [with court reporter] to
answer and probably be sanctioned for taking the 5th on his deposition.
Morales outlined what he planned to do at lunch.
Today I got a CONFIDENTIAL envelope from EEOC Inspector Generalï¿½s
office in Washington.  No doubt a response to my Privacy Act violation
Several years ago a Department of Interior whistleblower gave me number
book references.  One was a book written by Felton during the Vietnam
Feltonï¿½s book is only available from the University of New Mexico main
Zimmerman library.
The book was usually checked out when I phoned to ask if it was
The ï¿½black holeï¿½ of government we are encountering in the Court system
through administrative appeals prompted me to look up a word.
Here is a dictionary definition.
  a political and economic movement, strongly nationalistic, magnifying
the rights
  of the state as opposed to those of the individual, in which industry,
  remaining largely under private ownership, and all administrative
political units,   are controlled by a strong central government.
When I asked the librarian about Feltonï¿½s book, the response was usually
I responded, yes.
Full title of Feltonï¿½s book is seen at I guess what we are seeing with the ï¿½black holeï¿½ of the court system and
federal government with respect to my Privacy Act violation complaint, the WRITTEN felony
perjury complaint on Sandia lawyer Gregory Cone, the dockets we COULD
not get BEFORE
   is that while United States of America is only a democracy in name, The US is, in fact, operated as a fascist state by bureaucrats.  Who go totally insane about the subject of cryptography.
Citizens should do something about this.  Some are.

@_date: 1998-05-13 08:27:52
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Hidden US government 
There is a segment in the US government who do whatever they want.
Like stinging Iran.
The segment thinks that they are unaccountable.
We want to change this.
And get our money too!
Wednesday 5/13/98 7:40 AM
Lawyers and netizens
Morales and my last Friday filing seen at
is causing comments at  and elsewhere.
One of my neighbors, Bill Moe, is a retired AF officer and now an APD
Moe commented that no lawyer would ever write a document like the one
we FILED.
Morales is ready to go to the Supreme Court on this case for the reasons
Campos dismissing DIR NSA Minihan.
Morales feels that this decision make no one in a federal agency
We will also probably have to appeal the dismissal of Morales too.  Bad
Now that we have copies of the docket sheets seen at
we must study them.
We will do this at noon today.
Then we will begin the process of filing criminal complaint affidavits
on Tenth
circuit judges and judge Joseph Weis, of the Third circuit.
Dolores K. Sloviter
Chief Judge, Third Circuit
18614 U.S. Courthouse Philadelphia, PA 19106
also EARNED a criminal complaint affidavit along with clerks Bradford
and Toby Slawsky.
Slawsky earned another for sending US Marshals Lester and Lopez to
investigate me,
with no letter of authorization, for ï¿½inappropriate communications.ï¿½
The matter of Camposï¿½ in camera ex parte meeting with NSA is also
causing CONCERN.
NM judge John Conway had an ex parte in camera meeting with Sandia/NSA
high tech terrorist James Gosler in 1992 in my ADEA lawsuit.
Conway then sealed all of my lawsuit court records and halted discovery.
Then there was the matter in both my and Morales lawsuits of  material
showing up in the
final district decisions which was not in pleadings.
A district federal court spy gave us information that Sandia wrote the
decision for, in Morales case, judge Galvan and my case, John Conway.
These actions by judges and court clerks largely prompted Morales and my
genocide and crypto incompetence lawsuit.
We know that the federal courts and the legal system are LARGELY
controlled by the US federal government.
This is becoming more obvious to all by those who read
The US Hidden government is in reality a fascist government.
  FASCISM -   a political and economic movement, strongly nationalistic,
magnifying the rights
  of the state as opposed to those of the individual, in which industry,
though  remaining largely   under private ownership, and all administrative political units,  are
controlled by a strong central   government.
Since Morales and I have both lost money as a result of actions of a
fascist government, we struck at the heart of the US Hidden government
[aka The Great Satan] with our genocide and crypto incompetence lawsuit.
Representative Cynthia McKinney [CYMCK at mail.house.gov ] and Senator
Grassley [chuck_grassley at grassley.senate.gov] are in possession of the
Swiss Radio International audio tape telling the saga of Hans Buehlerï¿½s
arrest in Teheran in 1992 for espionage.
Hopefully those who are concerned can share their concerns about
possible consequences of NOT releasing our requested documents on
Internet.  And, too, encourage settlement of this NSA-caused American
tragedy.  Morales and I continue to feel that we should settled this unfortunate
matter before it gets WORSE.

@_date: 1998-05-13 12:54:02
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Pottery, Stalingrad , Fascists, Sandinistas, and settlement, of course 
Wednesday 5/13/98 1:17 PM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
Tuesday evening Patty and I journeyed to Placitas, NM.
Patty was going to have some kindergarten student pottery
projects kiln fired.
Karl and Mary Hofmann are fine artists.  Pottery.
Both are graduate school graduates in fine arts.
Karl is German-born.
Karl told me his brother helped build the Russian pipeline system.
And it isnï¿½t buried deep enough.
Karl told me his brother was captured at Stalingrad.
I think that I read that only about 10% who were captured at Stalingrad
lived to return. Patty and I bought you both identical gifts from Hofmannï¿½s.
I am on the way to mail them.
Thank you both for so much for what you both have done.  Visibility.
The Hidden US Government was trying to bury us in their invisible grave
But NOW the WORLD is on to the composition of the US Hidden Government.
  FASCISM -   a political and economic movement, strongly nationalistic,
magnifying the rights
  of the state as opposed to those of the individual, in which industry,
though  remaining largely   under private ownership, and all administrative political units,  are
controlled by a strong central   government.
Especially, after all of this, aggrieved Shiite Muslims. And now, perhaps, even Sandinistas too.
Carlos brought Swiss Radio International audio tape to Nicaragua this
spring from Moscow ... Idaho,
that is.  Letï¿½s all hope for prompt PEACEFUL settlement of this HORRIBLE chapter
in US history.

@_date: 1998-05-15 06:58:08
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Ruby Ridge and jury trial 
Friday 5/15/98 7:17 AM	
J Orlin Grabbe
John Young
ABQ J 5/15/98
 Charges Dismissed in Ruby Ridge Case
  BOISE, Idaho  -  A federal judge on Thursday dismissed an involuntary
  charge against an FBI sharpshooter for the death of white separatist
Randy Weaverï¿½s
  wife during the siege at Ruby Ridge.
    U.S. District Judge Edward Lodge ruled that Lon Horiuchi was acting
within the   scope of his authority and was honestly discharging his duties when he
fired the shot
  that killed Vicki Weaver on Aug. 22, 1992.
    The U.S. Justice Department decided in 1994 against prosecuting
Horiuchi, or any of
  his FBI superiors and reaffirmed the decision last year.
1  It was NOT a jury which made the determination Horiuchi was acting
within the scope
   of his authority, but a FEDERAL JUDGE.
2  The Justice Department did not prosecute FBI agents
  FASCISM -   a political and economic movement, strongly nationalistic,
magnifying the rights
  of the state as opposed to those of the individual, in which industry,
though remaining largely   under private ownership, and all administrative political units, are
controlled by a strong central       government.
Morales and I were unable to meet on Thursday.  Today we will study the
docket sheets view at
 today.  And open the letter I received
from EEOC Inspector
General Office.
The above Ruby Ridge article emphasizes the importance of a jury trial
in matters of federal government misconduct.  This matter should get settled before it gets WORSE.

@_date: 1998-05-15 14:53:29
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: FOIA appeal, again 
Friday 5/15/98 2:55 PM
E-mail Federico.F.Pena at hq.doe.gov and mail
Federico F. Pena
The Secretary of Energy
United States Department of Energy
Washington, D.C. 20585
Dear Secretary Pena:
Purposes of this letter are to
 1 protest an improper Freedom of Information Act dismissal by
Thomas O. Mann , Deputy Director, Office of Hearings and Appeals
Thomas.Mann at hq.doe.gov
2 appeal a denial of a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Request.
I attach a copy of my 3/10/98 appeal letter to you.
DOE/ALOO failed to respond with time allotted by law to my FOIA request,
as you can read in my appeal letter.
On March 30, 1998 Barfield finally did respond.  But late.
APR 28 Mann writes me,
  We learned that AOO issued a determination concerning your request on
  30, 1998.  Because your appeal was based on the Departmentï¿½s failure
to respond,
  and because the Department has responded you appeal is now moot.
I follow the law.
If Mann feels that there is law or federal regulation to support is
claim that the
time-out clause in the FOIA no longer applies because of a late agency
then he should report this to you. Mann adds in the final paragraph of his APR 28 letter
  Accordingly, the appeal dated march 10, 1998, that you filed under the
Freedom of
  Information Act, is hereby dismissed.
My appeal is not, as Mann concluded, moot.  My appeal is active.
Mann, however, writes
  You may, however, file an appeal with the Office based on the March 30
Man also writes
  Please note that, as stated in the determination letter, appeals under
the Freedom of
  Information Act should be addressed to the Director of the Office of
Hearings and Appeals.
And Barfield writes
  Such an appeal must be made in writing within 30 calendar days after
receipt of this letter,
  addressed to the Director, Office of Hearing and Appeals, ...
Secretary Pena, your employees are apparently trying to invent their own
FOIA rules instead
of complying with federal law.
  Whenever a FOIA request is denied, the agency must inform
  the requester of the reasons for the denial and the requester's
  right to appeal the denial to the head of the agency.
I am appealing to you, not
George.Breznay at hq.doe.gov
I ask that your office takes WRITTEN corrective action to educate or
perhaps reprimand
both Mann and Barfield for not following the law.
Barfield writes in her Mar 30 letter
  The Kirtland Area Office (KAO), oversight for the Sandia National
Laboratories (SNL),
  conducted a search but could not locate any responsive documents.  The
KAO also made
  the determination that the documents you are seeking are contained in
procurement files
  in possession and control of SNL and are, therefore, not ï¿½agency
recordsï¿½ subject to
  provision of the FOIA.
Secretary Pena, Barfieldï¿½s statement appears to be an attempt for
bureaucrats to hide,
perhaps in the case of RSA and VP Al Gore, possibly incriminating
records from the public.
Therefore, I assert that the requested documents are or should be part
of DOE agency documents,
if DOE is doing a proper job of managing its contractors.
Therefore, I add this clause to my previous appeal.  And ask that your
respond within the
time limit allowed you by law.
Of course, I continue to feel that we should settle this unfortunate
matter seen on Internet
before it gets even more serious and eventually costly to the taxpayer.
William H. Payne 13015 Calle de Sandias Albuquerque, NM 87111
Tuesesday 3/10/98 8:10 PM
E-mail Federico.F.Pena at hq.doe.gov and mail
Federico F. Pena
The Secretary of Energy
United States Department of Energy
Washington, D.C. 20585
Dear Secretary Pena:
Purpose of this letter is to appeal a denial of a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Request.
I wrote on Tuesday February 17, 1999 15:11
  e-mail and mail
  Ms. Elva Barfield
  Freedom of Information Office
  U. S. Department of Energy
  Albuquerque Operations Office/OIEA
  POB 5400
  Albuquerque, NM 87185-5400
  EBARFIELD at DOEAL.GOV
  Dear Ms. Barfield:
  VP Al Gore is in the crypto business.
    Information SuperSpyWay     Al Gore Approved
    Encryption for China
    in Return for
    Campaign Donations
    by Charles R. Smith
  Portions of the above document posted on Internet at    and     states
  1.	Gore charged with encryption policy according to PDD-5 and               PRD-27 on April 16, 1993.   2.	Government officials represent themselves on Al Gore's behalf for       RSA patent purchase negotiations in Feb. 1994.   3.	RSA chairman Bidzos meets with Chinese officials at the same       time as Ron Brown in Oct. 1995.   4.	RSA Chairman Bidzos enters into merger negotiations with Security   5.	VP Gore calls Sanford Robertson from the White House for a       donation in Nov. 1995.   6.	Robertson delivers $100,000 donation ($80,000 soft - $20,000   7.	RSA signs deal with China in Feb. 1996. The administration   8.	Justice Dept. approves RSA merger with Security Dynamics in   In 1991 I was in involved with Sandia National Laboratories
  Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty seismic data authenticator.
  At that time Sandia director Tommy A Sellers had assumed   responsibility for directorship from Robert Clem.
  Sandia supervisor Tom Wright replaced my supervisor, John Holovka,   who was the supervisor for the CTBT seismic data authenticator.
  Wright brought in Ph.D. Steven Goldsmith to supervise me.
  Sellars, Wright, and Goldsmith were new to crypto-type projects.
  Much of this is documented at   This is evidenced by Sellar's attached SEP 24 1991 memorandum,
  which Goldsmith help author, addressed to Dr James J Hearn at   the National Security Agency.
  The SEP 24 memorandum contained a number of technical errors.
  I corrected these errors in my attached December 20, 1991 memorandum.
  Department of Energy and it predecessors have a well-documented
  history of not requiring technical expertise for pursuit of interests.
  Stewart Udall, The Myths of August, writes,
      Any cover-up must be implemented and enforced by designated
    agents, and one man emerged in 1953 as the quarterback of the     AEC's damage-control effort.  His name was Gordon Dunning.
    Although the personnel charts of the 1950s list him as a low-level     "rad-safe" official in the Division of Biology and Medicine,               documents demonstrate that he was clothed with authority to        manage and suppress information about the radiation released
    by the testing of nuclear weapons. ...
  About the time Sellers and Sandia Ombudsman gave me a directed
  transfer to break electronic locks for the FBI/ERF [engineering
  research facility], Goldsmith and Wright, certainly with the approval
  of Sellers, placed a contract with RSA Inc [   I was told.
  Ms Barfield, we think the American public needs to know more about
  RSA's work with Sandia National Laboratories.
  Therefore, Under the provision of the Freedom of Information Act,   5 USC 552, I am requesting access to:     1 ALL purchase requisitions, including any attached statement of
       work, issued by Sandia National Laboratories, Los Alamos            National Laboratories, or DOE/ALOO between January 1, 1991
       and February 17, 1998 to RSA Inc.
    2  Copies of all invoices from RSA Inc received by Sandia National           Laboratories, Los Alamos National Laboratories, or DOE/ALOO         between January 1, 1991  and February 17, 1998
  If there are any fees for searching for, or copying, the records   I have requested, please inform me before you fill the request.
  As you know, the Act permits you to reduce or waive the fees   when the release of the information is considered as "primarily   benefiting the public."  I believe that this requests fits that   category and I therefore ask that you waive any fees.
  Your office agreed to waive fees before.  This request is surely   of "public interest."
  December 13, 1994 DOE/AL FOIA officer Gwen Schreiner waived fees
  for the reason,
        "We have considered your request and have determined that
        release of the requested records is in the public interest,
        that disclosure of this information is likely to contribute
        significantly to public understanding of the operations or
        activities of the government, that you or the organization
        you represent have little or no commercial interest in the
        material contained in the records, that you or the
        organization you represent have the qualifications and
        ability to use and disseminate the information, and that the
        records are not currently in the public domain.  A waiver of
        fees is therefore granted."
  This waiver of fees was, undoubtedly, issued as a result of former
  Energy Secretary Hazel O'Leary's Openness initiative.
  Heart of America paid my way to hear Secretary O'Leary's celebrated
  whistleblower speech.
  If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the   specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to   release the information and inform me of your agency's   administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
  I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as   possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20   working days, as the law stipulates.
I received no response to the above FOIA. Therefore I appeal as a result of non-response.
As you may be aware
      (6)(A) Each agency, upon any request for records made under         paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of this subsection, shall--
            (i) determine within ten days \1\ (excepting
        Saturdays, Sundays, and legal public holidays) after
        the receipt of any such request whether to comply with
        such request and shall immediately notify the person
        making such request of such determination and the
        reasons therefor, and of the right of such person to
        appeal to the head of the agency any adverse
        determination; and
And you may also be aware
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
      \1\ Under section 12(b) of the Electronic Freedom of Information
  Act Amendments of 1996 (Pub. L. 104-231; 110 Stat. 3054), the amendment
  made by section 8(b) of such Act striking ``ten days'' and inserting
  ``20 days'' shall take effect on October 3, 1997.
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
            (ii) make a determination with respect to any
        appeal within twenty days (excepting Saturdays,
        Sundays, and legal public holidays) after the receipt
        of such appeal. If on appeal the denial of the request
        for records is in whole or in part upheld, the agency
        shall notify the person making such request of the
        provisions for judicial review of that determination
        under paragraph (4) of this subsection
So I expect a response to this appeal within the time allotted to you by law.
Much of this unfortunate matter is appearing on Internet.
   Letter from Bill Payne Regarding Cryptography at Sandia
  Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore?
  NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran War
  How Secure is America's Nuclear Arsenal?
 And, of course, we continue to seek settlement.
William H. Payne 13015 Calle de Sandias Albuquerque, NM 87111

@_date: 1998-05-15 15:40:26
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: foia fee denial appeal and settlement letter 
Friday 5/15/98 3:48 PM
By e-mail and US mail
Lieutenant General Kenneth A Minihan, USAF
Director, National Security Agency
National Security Agency
9800 Savage Road
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Dear General Minihan:
Purposes of the letter are to
1  appeal a FOIA fee waiver denial.
2  continue to explore settlement possibilities of our current 30 March Joann H. Grube, Deputy Director of Policy, NSA, wrote
in response to my Friday February 27, 1998 attached letter to you
  There are 706 cases ahead of your in our processing queue. ..
  Please be advised that your request for a waiver of fees has been
  denied.
Public knowledge of how much taxpayer NSA has likely squandered ATTEMPTING to build public key crypto chips certainly in
the public interest.
Therefore, I appeal Grubeï¿½s denial.
Grube wrote
  Any person notified on an adverse determination may, within 60
  days after notification of the determination, file an appeal to the
  NSA/CSS Freedom of Information Act Appeal Authority.  The
  appeal shall be in writing and addressed to the NSA/CSS FOIA   Appeal Authority, ...
General Minihan,  Grube apparently is attempting to invent her
own FOIA appeal rules instead of follow federal law.    Whenever a FOIA request is denied, the agency must inform
  the requester of the reasons for the denial and the requester's
  right to appeal the denial to the head of the agency.
I ask that you educate and possibly reprimand Grube for her failure
to properly state law.
As you may be aware
      (6)(A) Each agency, upon any request for records made under         paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of this subsection, shall--
        (i) determine within ten days \1\ (excepting
        Saturdays, Sundays, and legal public holidays) after
        the receipt of any such request whether to comply with
        such request and shall immediately notify the person
        making such request of such determination and the
        reasons therefor, and of the right of such person to
        appeal to the head of the agency any adverse
        determination; and
And you may also be aware

@_date: 1998-05-15 16:48:39
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Government misconduct 
Friday 5/15/98 5:36 PM
Senator Grassley
I sent you a copy of the criminal complaint affidavit I sent to judge
Our NSA lawsuit was mostly done as practice for an upcoming Privacy Act
violation/defamation lawsuit.
John Young kindly posted greene.htm         National Security Abuse: Greene v. McElroy       April 8, 1998
I was NEVER interviewed by Sandia's Disciplinary Review Committee.
The charges made against me are FALSE.
I did nothing wrong.  Please help get this matter should be settled before it gets worse.
bill payne
Tuesday April 28, 1998 4:05 PM
Tom Spellman
Criminal Investigator
Inspector General
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
POB 18858
Washington, D.C. 20036-8858
Dear Mr. Spellman:
March 18, 1998 I phoned the Inspector General's hotline.
I filed a verbal criminal Privacy Act violation complaint with Wanda.
Wanda told me you were going to be the investigator.
Monday March 23 you phoned me to leave your office number.
You phoned several days later.
I told you about the false and defaming documents both Sandia National Laboratories and EEOC Phoenix employees Burtner and Larry Trujillo released without my written permission.
You asked that I send you a copy of these documents.
I mailed them to you the same day.
You told me that you had been reading about this case on  Internet at jya.com and aci.net/kalliste.
On April 3 I phoned to inform your office that a criminal complaint affidavit was filed with judge Hug on Monday April 1 naming those involve in the release of the documents and those who did not properly prosecute those involved..
I mailed a copy of the criminal complaint affidavit to you.
I have not heard from you either in writing or by phone since our initial contact.
Therefore, I ask that you write me and tell me about the status of your investigation.
And, of course, I feel that this unfortunate matter should be promptly settled.  I invite settlement negotiations of the civil aspects of this criminal release of documents.
William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias NE
Albuquerque, NM 87111

@_date: 1998-05-18 13:23:34
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: National Atomic Museum 
Monday 5/18/98 1:37 PM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
Morales  and I had lunch at Wendyï¿½s at 11:30.
I read drafts of Morales upcoming filings.  And discussed legal
After lunch, I went to the National Atomic Museum on Kirtland AFB.
The museum is across the street from Sandia.
They now charge for admission ... but I made it in for $1 as a senior
The museum main hall tour is laid out by history date of radiation.
The self-guided tour gets interesting about the time of Hahn,
Fermi, Lawrence, ...  Then it gets into THE BOMB.
Lots of picture of the ï¿½50 NTS site explosions.  But as we know from
Carole Gallagher book's American Ground Zero a DOE employee is quoted
ï¿½Those Mormons donï¿½t give a shit about radiation.ï¿½
After touring the main hall, I went back to a wall display near the
There they have a rather-large display on LANL mathematician Stanislas
Ulamï¿½s thing was Monte Carlo computations.  These use random or
Ted Lewis told me that they now use the gfsr at LANL for its nuclear
bomb    But this is how the mess got started.  Me making contact  with a
Japanese professor who developed a new method for selecting the binary seed
for the gfsr.
I went into the gift shop.
I bought John Young a refrigerator magnet PROUDLY proclaiming
           FIRST ATOMIC BOMBARDMENT
             50th ANNIVERSARY
and Orlin a colorful red and orange postcard which reads on the back
Great article, Orlin. Madsen did good too.  Letï¿½s all hope Congress, unlike the bureaucrats, see the merits of
getting the requested documents posted on Internet.  And on to settlement of
this UNFORTUNATE matter.

@_date: 1998-05-23 18:42:32
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: "TOP SECRET (TS), Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI), CODEWORD" 
Saturday 5/23/98 7:16 PM
J Orlin Grabbe  Just saw subject heading. "TOP SECRET (TS), Sensitive Compartmented
Information (SCI), CODEWORD" But jya.com did not respond.
I will buy a refrigerator magnet at the National Atomic Museum
in Albquerque
         1945 509th COMPOSITE GROUP 1995
           FIRST ATOMIC BOMBARDMENT
             50th ANNIVERSARY
for you and Masanori TOO.
For business reasons perhaps I should buy the whole bowl full.
This is so gross they have to be worth some MONEY, $US, YEN, SF, DM, Ringitt, etc.

@_date: 1998-05-26 06:58:49
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Appeals court notices 
Monday 5/26/98 7:39 AM
John Young
I looked at  CALIFORNIA NORTHERN DISTRICT COURT
   Gilmore          v. NSA                  Bernstein        v. State U.S. COURT OF APPEALS, NINTH CIRCUIT   Gilmore          v. NSA               [Court denied access to docket]    Bernstein        v. USA, et al        09/10/97  12/08/97  Open:
Submitted         Looks like Gilmore  is on his way to the
Supreme Court.  Too.
We must all keep in mind that the government has loaded the courts with
its own
I was told not to worry if I got caught doing illegal work breaking
locks for the FBI.  The courts would cover for me.
Not enough people took seriously what some were saying during the
war.  Looks like those who screamed "Fascist pigs", unfortunately, were
 FASCISM -   a political and economic movement, strongly nationalistic,
magnifying the rights
  of the state as opposed to those of the individual, in which industry,
though  remaining largely   under private ownership, and all administrative political units,  are
controlled by a strong central       government.
This morning I will file some papers for Morales with the court.
And get forms for notice of appeal to the Tenth circuit.
Let's all hope its not too late to make some PEACEFUL changes.  And hope
for settlement too.
Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199

@_date: 1998-05-28 12:41:06
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Payne v. NSA: Plaintiff's Motion and Objection 
John Young
Just saw
whp052898.htm      Payne v. NSA: Plaintiff's Motion and Objection    May
28, 1998
at THANK YOU SO MUCH.
And for
  too!	
We need visibility to get this HORRIBLE MESS SETTLED. PEACEFULLY!
There are other ways of settling matters.  Aggrieved Shiite Muslims have a fair record at other means of settlement
  I want to get this settled and revise my book for the 80c52. and maybe do something more with shift registers too

@_date: 1998-05-28 14:09:20
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Mrs [Delicate Touch] Hanks 
Thursday 5/28/98 2:48 PM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
On return from my walk this afternoon, I spoke with
Mrs [Delicate Touch] Hanks
who lives just down the street from us.
I asked her if the large edition being built on top of the
previous single-story home was going to be a studio.
She responded in American.  ï¿½Yahï¿½
Occasionally I see some REALLY GOOD LOOKING women outside Hanksï¿½ home.
We REALLY should get this UNFORTUNATE MATTER settled before it gets
And it looks like it is getting WORSE.

@_date: 1998-05-29 18:10:42
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: FOIA fee waiver denial lawsuit 
Friday 5/29/986:52 PM
                 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
                 FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
John Gilmore		                    )
Arthur R. Morales                           )
William H. Payne        	   	   )                                            			    )
                Plaintiffs,                 )
Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, USAF )   Director, National Security Agency	    )
National Security Agency		    )
9800 Savage Road			    )
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000	    )	                                                )
                Defendant                   )
                    DEMAND FOR JURY TRIAL
Gilmore  Hope you got my three phone messages.
My belief is that NO ONE has ever sued over a FOIA
fee waiver denial.
BECAUSE of the VISIBILITY that John Young has given NSA
lawsuits  I think that
it is a propitious time to sue NSA in the District of Columbia over a FOIA fee waiver denial.
Pro se for economic and LEGAL reasons.
And, of course, we should try to get some crypto patents
at the same time.  I have some ideas for keying crypto
devices  Let me know your thoughts.  By secure communications, of Friday 5/15/98 3:48 PM
By e-mail and US mail
Lieutenant General Kenneth A Minihan, USAF
Director, National Security Agency
National Security Agency
9800 Savage Road
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Dear General Minihan:
Purposes of the letter are to
1  appeal a FOIA fee waiver denial.
2  continue to explore settlement possibilities of our current 30 March Joann H. Grube, Deputy Director of Policy, NSA, wrote
in response to my Friday February 27, 1998 attached letter to you
  There are 706 cases ahead of your in our processing queue. ..
  Please be advised that your request for a waiver of fees has been
  denied.
Public knowledge of how much taxpayer NSA has likely squandered ATTEMPTING to build public key crypto chips certainly in
the public interest.
Therefore, I appeal Grube's denial.
Grube wrote
  Any person notified on an adverse determination may, within 60
  days after notification of the determination, file an appeal to the
  NSA/CSS Freedom of Information Act Appeal Authority.  The
  appeal shall be in writing and addressed to the NSA/CSS FOIA   Appeal Authority, ...
General Minihan,  Grube apparently is attempting to invent her
own FOIA appeal rules instead of follow federal law.    Whenever a FOIA request is denied, the agency must inform
  the requester of the reasons for the denial and the requester's
  right to appeal the denial to the head of the agency.
I ask that you educate and possibly reprimand Grube for her failure
to properly state law.
As you may be aware
      (6)(A) Each agency, upon any request for records made under         paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of this subsection, shall--
        (i) determine within ten days \1\ (excepting
        Saturdays, Sundays, and legal public holidays) after
        the receipt of any such request whether to comply with
        such request and shall immediately notify the person
        making such request of such determination and the
        reasons therefor, and of the right of such person to
        appeal to the head of the agency any adverse
        determination; and
And you may also be aware
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
      \1\ Under section 12(b) of the Electronic Freedom of Information
  Act Amendments of 1996 (Pub. L. 104-231; 110 Stat. 3054), the amendment
  made by section 8(b) of such Act striking ``ten days'' and inserting
  ``20 days'' shall take effect on October 3, 1997.
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
            (ii) make a determination with respect to any
        appeal within twenty days (excepting Saturdays,
        Sundays, and legal public holidays) after the receipt
        of such appeal. If on appeal the denial of the request
        for records is in whole or in part upheld, the agency
        shall notify the person making such request of the
        provisions for judicial review of that determination
        under paragraph (4) of this subsection
So I expect a response to this appeal within the time allotted to you by law.
Our lawsuit has attracted international attention on Internet.
Partially, perhaps, as the result of the about .5 million dead Iranian Shiite Muslims.
Or maybe judicial misconduct?
Morales and I plan to appeal to the Tenth in event that Morales' dismissal is upheld.
Further, we feel that YOU must be held accountable.  Therefore we will appeal your
removal from our lawsuit.
But this is sure to cost the taxpayer much more money.  And failure to fairly settle these unfortunate matters raises the possibility of a understandable, or opportunistic, retaliatory attack for NSA's bungled spy sting on Iran
by the aggrieved or their enemies.  Innocent people may be harmed.
Both alternatives are unpleasant to think about.
Therefore, Morales and I continue to offer to engage in settlement talks with YOU.
I cannot find your e-mail address
Therefore I will forward the e-mail copy of this FOIA appeal /settlement letter to Ray Kammer of NIST [ so that Kammer can possibly
forward an e-mail to you.
I am not reading e-mail. William Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias
Albuquerque, NM 87111
505-292-7037

@_date: 1998-05-30 18:03:02
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Kirtland Air Force Base 
Saturday 5/30/98 5:15 PM
J Orlin Grabbe
Masanori Fushimi
Orline just saw  Spies Turn to High Tech Info Ops both at
at  and Friday at noon, after Lunch with Morales, I ventured onto Kirtland AFB
through the Wyoming gate.
In order to get into the National Atomic Museum I had to produce
The airman who was to check 1,2,and 3 was busy on the phone.
The airman was reading serial numbers on a bullet-proof vest.
I asked the airman who THEY were afraid of.
The airman responded,
The airman quipped that while he was unlucky enough to lose on a lottery ticket, he might be unfortunate enough to take bullet.
Therefore, the airman said he was wearing a bullet-proof vest, even in
about 90F weather.
I went to the museum and bought two FIRST ATOMIC BOMBARDMENT, 50th ANNIVERSARY refrigerator magnets, like the one I sent to John
I mailed the one to Orlin, but I have the one for Masanori pasted on the
side on one of my computers.
Masanori, the book Decision to Use the Atomic Bomb by Gar Alperovitz
presents fairly good evidence some in US government nuked Hiroshima and
Nagasaki merely to impress the Russians.
Unfortunately, as we can see by the current government crypto debacle,
overall intellect of the US government has not improved much since 1945.
And maybe has decreased.
Masanori, one positive side of the unfortunate matter is that LOTS MORE people are reading your scientific papers.
Letï¿½s all, of course, hope for settlement of these regrettable matters.
Later and, of course, Allahu akbar

@_date: 1998-11-03 00:01:25
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: orange book 
Monday 11/2/98 7:55 AM
PaulMerrill at ACM.Org
I looked at the orange book at NOT the Orange Book -
NSA employee Tom White  got me a copy of I was
told was
THE NSA orange book for Sandia�s implementation of the NSA Benincasa nss/uso authentication algorithm..
The report I saw was concerned about implementation of cryptographic
Things like shielding, power filtering, red-black boundaries, shift
register compromising signals, some software guidelines,....  The soft-cover
report was mostly What I see at jya.com is not the orange book Sandia was given.
bill payne
Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms

@_date: 1998-11-13 04:23:39
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Crypto fallout 
Wednesday 11/11/98 2:26 PM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
Emile Zola
I visited Jim Omura president of Cylink several times.  And bought
6, I recall, CY 1024 public key arithmetic chips for Sandia.  At an
outrageous price.
Omura gave my paper on RSA encryption, posted at jya.com, to Jon Graff.
My feeling is that when those who own crypto devices manufactured
by Cylink, RSA, Crypto Ag, ... finally realize that PROBABLY their devices have been spiked to transmit the key with the ciphertext
there will be a reversal of fortune at these companies.
Like the current Cylink problem.  The WORD is getting out.  Thanks to you guys.
And those who read Black and White will realize how to fix their
crypto problems TOO.
Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms

@_date: 1998-11-15 10:03:39
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: nm web site 
Saturday 11/14/98 6:13 PM
John Young J Orlin Grabbe As a result of  jy's persuasive arguments we are going to put up a web site.
But unlike you-all's sites ours will be somewhat positive
1  masm mixed language programming ... and Microsoft
    bugs
2  8032 forth programming and hardware
3  pc hardware
4  pro se litigation against the government
5  cypto nonsense
6  ...
But, most important, we have learned by your pioneering
web information dissemination efforts.  And mistakes at other websites.  Like bouncing balls.
You guys, in my opinion, are the some of the most brilliant, perhaps with the exception of  the  X-rated sites, at getting the info out there.
And yes, we will use THUMBNAIL photos.  Of schematics,
main boards, .... etc.
Simplicity exudes brilliance.  Perhaps there is a converse?
Thoughtfully, I hope

@_date: 1998-10-05 18:19:50
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: one-time pad 
Orlin   and, of       I got a big kick reading   While a one-time pad is, in fact, theoretically unbreakable when
used   properly, the details of using it properly make it entirely
unusable    in any modern commercial or military setting. And   This kind of system was used for the U.S.-Soviet teletype "hot line"  and it is occasionally used for paper ciphers and spies, but that's   Codes and Cryptography by Dominic Welsh references on page 126 Sandia's
Gus Simmons as the source of the above.
  (And if users can exchange these keys, why can't they just
exchange     the messages?)
I think the reason is that the users want to exchange keys for messages
to be sent at a later time, perhaps electronically.
But we have to stick to the position.
Does the algorithm pass the Black and White test or not?  No buts.
Let's all hope for settlement of this UNFORTUNATE matter before it
gets WORSE.
Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms

@_date: 1998-10-05 20:47:03
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: keep up-wind - you think we are KIDDING? 
Date:         Mon, 05 Oct 1998 09:47:43 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:    gap at igc.apc.org, tom carpenter - halcyon
        jeff debonis <76554.133 at compuserve.com>,
lawya at lucs-01.novell.leeds.ac.uk,
        senatorlott at lott.senate.gov, senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov,
conrad_burns at burns.senate.gov,
        larry_craig at craig.senate.gov, senator at wyden.senate.gov,
dpcintrn at osd.pentagon.mil,
        conrad_burns at burns.senate.gov, senator_gorton at gorton.senate.gov,
senatorlott at lott.senate.gov,
        john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov, michigan at abraham.senate.gov,
sam.brownback at .senate.gov,
        senator at dorgan.senate.gov, senator_stevens at stevens.senate.gov,
senator at hutchison.senate.gov,
        olympia at snowe.senate.gov, senator at hollings.senate.gov,
senator at inouye.senate.gov,
        wendell_ford at ford.senate.gov, senator at rockefeller.senate.gov,
john_kerry at kerry.senate.gov,
        senator at breaux.senate.gov, senator at bryan.senate.gov,
HERBERT.RICHARDSON at hq.doe.gov,
        BILL.RICHARDSON at HQ.DOE.GOV, pcassel at rt66.com, gregh at scene.com
    CC:         senator at wellstone.senate.gov, jy at jya.com,
senator_mccain at mccain.senate.gov,
        grassley , cynthia mckinney
        c paul robinson , art morales
, cypherpunks at toad.com,
        ukcrypto at maillist.ox.ac.uk
Monday 10/5/98 7:01 AM
Tom Carpenter I hope your week-end conference went well.
I think I will in Pullman in a few weeks.  And, therefore, almost a
When I was a prof at Washington State University 1966-79 we traveled to
I always wondered why I saw so many sick kids in Spokane.  I think we all now know a possible reason.
Albuquerque Journal Sunday 10/4/98
Heath Effects of Nuke Sites Targeted
DOE's Richardson
to Review Reports
The Associated Press
DENVER - U.S. Energy Secr-
ary Bill Richardson says he will
investigate reports of health prob-
lems among people living near or
working at federal nuclear weapons.
plants and research facilities in 11
  A total of 410 people told a news-
per, The Tennessean, they are
suffering from unexplained illness-
including tremors, memory toss,
fatigue and a variety of breathing,
muscular and reproductive prob-
lems. Their doctors cannot explain
why they are sick.
  No direct link has been estab-
lished between the illnesses and the
  "I want to be absolutety
  sure we're erring on the
  side of making sure there
  are no problems."
  U.S.  ENERGY SECRETARY
         BILL RICHARDSON
  Department of Energy sites. But
doctors, scientists and lawmakers
say it's large enough to warrant a
comprehensive study to try to find
the cause.
"My views we ought to get to the
bottom of this," Richardson told the
newspaper after meeting Friday
with residents near the Rocky Flats nuclear site in Denver. "I want to be
absolutely sure we're erring on the
side of making sure there are no
  Scientists have been concerned
for decades about radiation from
nuclear production and its link to
cancer But no one has ever looked
into noncancerous illnesses.
  During a 22-month investigation,
the newspaper found ill people at 13
DOE sites in Tennessee, Colorado,
South Carolina, New Mexico, Idaho,
New York, California, Ohio, Ken-
tucky, Texas and Washington.
  The Energy Department had ear-
lier said it does not plan to take a
comprehensive look at the issue.
Here is some other relevant information about the U.S. goverment,
Department of Energy, and nukes from Wierd History 101  by  John Richard Stephens
[A]nd then there are the legitimate concerns of
terrorists using nuclear weapons. This risk is
emphasized by the many incidents where the
smugglers of nuclear components have been
caught. But let's not get into that.
  Ever since the bombs were dropped on
Hiroshima and Nagasaki, people have worried
about having one of these horrors dropped on
them. Since the demise of the Soviet Union, this
threat has become more nebulous, making it a bit
more difficult for people to focus their fears.16 As
a result, their fears have diminished somewhat
even though the threat has probably increased
because of the increase in countries that have the
16  As of 1997, Russia and the United States still had about
seven thousand strategic (or long rang) warheads each.
Roughly half of these could be launched with a few
minutes notice.
bomb and the advances in technology that enable
a bomb to be made from fissionable material the
size of a beer can, while a bomb that can level a
city can now be made to fit into a knapsack. But
during the Cold War, the threat seemed much
more immediate.
  Partly in response to these fears, the govern-
ment implemented programs to teach people how
they could protect themselves in the event of a
nuclear attack. Early efforts downplayed the risks.
One amazing example of this is the pamphlet
Survival Under Atomic Attack. Published by the
U.S. government in 1950, this official booklet
proclaims, "You can SURVIVE. You can live
through an atom bomb raid and you won't have to
have a Geiger counter, protective clothing, or spe-
cial training in order to do it." And then it goes on
to give such advice as, 'After an air burst, wait a
few minutes then go help to fight fires. After
other kinds of bursts wait at least 1 hour to give
lingering radiation some chance to die down."
Discussing the role of the IRS in a nuclear attack,
the Internal Revenue Service Handbook (1976)
says,   "During a state of national emergency
  resulting from enemy attack, the essential
  functions of the Service will be as follows: (1)
  assessing, collecting, and recording taxes. . .ï¿½
  Where is the Best Place to Go?
  If you live in a State where there is danger
from sudden storms like cyclones or hurricanes,
you may have a "cyclone cellar" or something
similar. If so, you have a shelter that will give
excellent protection against atomic bombs.
  [People soon realized this wasn't quite true,
and they began building bomb shelters.]
  "All you have to do to protect yourself from
  radiation is go down to the bottom of your
  swimming pool and hold your breath."
    -David Miller Department of Energy
      spokesperson
 [S]o there you have it. You're now prepared to
survive nuclear warfare. Think you can handle it?
  Actually, it's very hard to believe that, after five
years of intensively studying the effects of atomic
bombs and radiation at Hiroshima, Nagasaki, and
various tests involving military personnel as
human guinea pigs, the government didn't have a
better idea of the dangers.
  ï¿½My fellow Americans. I am pleased to tell you I
  just signed legislation which outlaws Russia
  forever. The bombing begins in five minutes."
  -President Ronald Reagan during a sound
  check for a live radio show, 1984
  [I]n one of the tests in 1953, U.S. soldiers were
placed near the explosion to test how well they
could function after a blast. Sergeant Reason
Warehime was one of fifty soldiers who were in a
trench two miles from ground zero. They wore no
protective gear. ï¿½The first thing I saw" he later
reported, ï¿½was a real bright light like a flashbulb
going off in my face, but it stayed on. It was so
bright that even with sunglasses on, my hands
over my eyes, and my eyes closed, I could actually
see the bones in my hands. I felt as if someone was
hugging me really tight, and my whole body was
being compressed. All of a sudden, I heard an
awful noise and felt an intensely hot wind blowing
and the ground rocking like an earthquake. The
dust was so thick I could not see the man right
next to me. The air was so hot that it was difficult
to breathe. . . . Since the fireball was directly over
our heads, there is no doubt in my mind that we
were in the 'stem' of the mushroom cloud."
  A voice over a loudspeaker ordered them to
advance toward ground zero. The sandbags along
the top of their trench were on fire. On reaching
a bunker that was just over a mile from ground
zero, they found eight men. "Those guys were
sick as dogs and heaving their guts out," he said.
Soon they began finding spots where the sand had
melted into glass. After reaching the crater, they
turned back and eventually were picked up by
two radiation specialists in full protective gear.
On the way back, Warehime and some of his
companions started throwing up. A few months
later; all of his hair fell out, his teeth began to rot,
and he was diagnosed as sterile. Eventually, he
developed cataracts, lung cancer; his bones
became brittle, and he had to use crutches to get
around. Even though radiation is known to cause
these things, in the  1980s, the Veterans
Administration insisted his problems weren't
caused by this bomb and denied disability to him
and many others like him. An estimated 250,000
military personnel were exposed to radiation in
experiments between 1946 and the 1970s. Many
additional civilians were also used as guinea pigs
in radiation tests. Very few have ever received any
compensation for or assistance with the perma-
nent damage caused to them.
  Warehime was exposed to a forty-three-
kiloton (not megaton) bomb. It turned out to be
almost twice as powerful as the physicists had
calculated it would be and was about twice as
powerful as those used on Hiroshima and
Nagasaki. Its radiation cloud spread across the
nation from Nevada, fogging undeveloped film
as far away as New Jersey.
Morales and I are in the planning stage to put up a web site.
John Young has been encouraging us to do this.
Reason is that we are going after the judges and clerks in the
Tenth circuit who awarded our court wins to Sandia we, in fact,
we won.  Now that John Young got the docket for us.
Also I will be doing a Privacy Act violation defamation lawsuit against
Sandia, DOE, EEOC, Lockheed Martin, AT&T, and named defendants.
We will have several FORUMS.
1 Pro se litigation against the U.S. Federal government
2 Microsoft Assembler mixed-language programming
3 80C32 hardware, Forth high-level and assembler programming.
at least.
John Young started 3. 1 and 2 may be compatible.  Microsoft distributes buggy software while Gates, Paul Allen, and Balmer become some of the richest men in the world.
Perhaps, with some legal encouragement, the above three should spend
some of their money getting the bugs out of their software.
To kick-off 1 and 2 I am thinking of posting a complaint against
Microsoft for having scammed me by not included a 32 bit linker with MASM 6.11 I just
If we donï¿½t settle, of course.  I will check e-mail in a few minutes to
how progress to get the 32 bit linker is coming.
Microsoft appears to want me to buy a C compiler or Windows NT  SDK
development kit] to get the 32 bit linker.
With all this scary stuff of effects of nukes, letï¿½s hope Rep. McKinney
and Senator
Grassley are making progress to help get NSA to post the requested
And, too, letï¿½s ALL hope for settlement so that we can move on to other
projects.  Before things GET WORSE.
  Date:         Mon, 05 Oct 1998 17:06:53 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         j orlin grabbe ,
conrad_burns at burns.senate.gov, senator_gorton at gorton.senate.gov,
        senatorlott at lott.senate.gov, john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov,
michigan at abraham.senate.gov,
        sam.brownback at .senate.gov, senator at dorgan.senate.gov,
senator at wyden.senate.gov,
        senator_stevens at stevens.senate.gov,
senator at hutchison.senate.gov, olympia at snowe.senate.gov,
        senator at hollings.senate.gov, senator at inouye.senate.gov,
wendell_ford at ford.senate.gov,
        senator at rockefeller.senate.gov, john_kerry at kerry.senate.gov,
senator at breaux.senate.gov,
        senator at bryan.senate.gov, nmir at usa.net, Info at IranOnline.com,
info at jebhe.org, Mehrdad at Mehrdad.org,
        cypherpunks at toad.com, ukcrypto at maillist.ox.ac.uk,
wpi at wpiran.org, abd at CDT.ORG,
        merata at pearl.sums.ac.ir, dpcintrn at osd.pentagon.mil,
abumujahid at taliban.com,
        schneier at counterpane.com
    CC:         jy at jya.com, john gilmore , Emile Zola
, lennon at email.nist.gov,
        itl-bulletin at nist.gov
Orlin   and, of       I got a big kick reading   While a one-time pad is, in fact, theoretically unbreakable when
used   properly, the details of using it properly make it entirely
unusable    in any modern commercial or military setting. And   This kind of system was used for the U.S.-Soviet teletype "hot line"  and it is occasionally used for paper ciphers and spies, but that's   Codes and Cryptography by Dominic Welsh references on page 126 Sandia's
Gus Simmons as the source of the above.
  (And if users can exchange these keys, why can't they just
exchange     the messages?)
I think the reason is that the users want to exchange keys for messages
to be sent at a later time, perhaps electronically.
But we have to stick to the position.
Does the algorithm pass the Black and White test or not?  No buts.
Let's all hope for settlement of this UNFORTUNATE matter before it
gets WORSE.
laszlo 1 crypto ag
2 wiegand wires
There are some good business opportunities.  If we live that long.
WE believe that the OTHER SIDE is NOT happy about what happened.
NSA Hoe Cryptogate /JI  October 5, 1998   False Security    			Abstract  "Why 130 million Wiegand cards are in use throughout the world .  The most secure of all access card technologies.  HID Wiegand cards are virtually impossible to counterfeit... any attempt
to   alter them destroys them! ...  Since no direct contact with the card is required, they are totally
enclosed,  making them absolutely immune to the elements and a frustration of  vandals. ...        	The secrets to the security of an    	HID Wiegand card are those little        	enclosed wire strips. Once corrupted,    	they won't work."  Access Control & SECURITY SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, September 1998    http/   *** Bullshit.*** False! - in the EDITED edition, of course  Zola   Would this be worth some bucks?  Want another FUN article?       I would need a BRILLIANT EDITOR to help polish  the ms.  Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199

@_date: 1998-10-27 10:44:07
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: digital cash 
I am reading
Attached in mirrored at     I only built THEM.  I am not into crypto.  But sort-of
understand how it works.
Let's hope this gets settled.
Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms

@_date: 1998-11-01 11:31:25
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: euclid and terrorism 
I am into hi-tech stuff.  But I studied Lobaschevsky and Reimann. Attached is mirrored at  And, I hope I recall correctly from Omar Khayyam
  ... the moving hand writes, having writ moves on, nor all thy
  piety or wit can call it back to cancel half a line of it. ...
Best - I am not reading e-mail at send address
Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms

@_date: 1998-09-01 08:34:25
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Threaded code's place 
Tuesday 9/1/98 9:00 AM
Alexander Wolfe
I spoke to Richard Hanson yesterday afternoon.
He got the e-mail referencing
I wrote the attached WEED KILLER addition for an SBIR proposal submitted
by several profs at Texas A&M and a Sandia physicist.
Threaded code can 'save-the-day' on some types of projects but doesn't
work very well on others.  I wrote in the preface of my 8051 forth book
 FORTH is applicable to hardware intensive projects         implemented by one, two, or three workers.  Robots,         computer numerical controlled machines, weapons         programmers, cryptographic processors, engine         controllers, unmanned observatories, computer hardware         debuggers, laser printer graphics controllers, video         games, work station device drivers, writing BASICs are         all candidates for FORTH software technology.  FORTH is         a one of the top choices for embedded controller         applications.       AFTER publication of my SANDIA-APPROVED BOOK, I learned FROM NSA
1  the former ussr uses Forth to fuze it weapons systems
2  builds a military version of the 8051.
Oh dear.
 gives the definition of the
Java verbs.
Charles Moore, Forth's inventor, is writing the ShBoom Java compiler
The green machine at  runs using the
Forth from my book.
Since I was fired I have been doing mostly MASM and Visual Basic
This is good for me since I gives me a different perspective from
Forth and Forth assembler which I did at Sandia.
Visual Basic is more like Fortran than traditional basics.
                      Implementing Basics : How Basics Work                  William H. and Patricia Payne / Published 1982 Your article on Java and its future was VERY INFORMATIVE.
I SPECULATE that Java will see about the same success as Forth.
I am working on completion of the digital FX Model 2600FX Ultrasonic
Veneer Tester
 which uses a 80C32 micrcontroller
to a Windows PC though an ieee 1284 ecp port.
The 80C32 software is written in Forth and Forth assembler.  The Windows
since is written in Visual Basic and MASM Windows dlls.
Forth on the 80C32 is a NATURAL.  One the PC side Forth is not suitable
- except for
interactive exploring super i/o chips.  Loring Wirbel WROTE SCATHING articles about NSA when Girish Mahtre was
editor of EET.
But since CMP took over, Loring's articles have been more subdued.
This is the reason I sent Wirbel a copy of my offending tech report. Loring has been superhelpful to see that I am not buried in the Great
Satan's invisible
cemetery. And in one article wrote the paragraph
  Next in my in-basket was a set of reprints from the Baltimore Sun from
the paper's NSA series,   which ran in early December. The series
reveals the setup by the NSA and CIA of a new covert    collection
agency, the Special Collection Service, and details the case of Hans
Buehler, an     employee of Crypto A.G. who was thrown into an Iranian
prison after getting snared in a         Crypto/NSA sting against that
country.  which was read by Iranian engineers.
A week ago I mailed a copy of the Swiss Radio International tape to
Lazlo Baranyi plans to post the audio plus translations of the German at
his web site, Baranyi wrote me.
I want settlement, my money and out of this crypto mess.  Loring Wirbel and EET has been a GREAT HELP. Along with other
journalists, including Pulitzer Prize-winner Tamar Stieber, too.
bill payne
         	WEED KILLER computer interface proposal section 7/27/98 10:11 AM
Solution to controlling and collecting data from the WEED KILLER involves interfacing a personal computer
running a version of the Windows operating system to the WEED KILLER analog/digital hardware.
Windows is not a real-time operating system, therefore  microcontroller controller/collector hardware interface must be installed between a Wintel PC and the WEED KILLER hardware.
Essence of the Wintel data collector problem is that Windows 3.x or 9x responds to a hardware interrupt
usually between 70 to 150 microseconds.  In rare occasions the interrupt latency may extend to 1.5 milliseconds or even longer.  A microcontroller responds to an interrupt in several microseconds.
Wintel hardware controller interface is even more difficult than collection for the reason that the Windows operating system only gives control to an application when Windows decides.  In the collection, mode at
least a hardware interrupt signals Windows that the application wants control.  However, the microcontroller
can send the Wintel an interrupt asking the applications code whether there is any message it needs to
send the microcontroller.
Microcontrollers have specialized timers, serial expansion ports and are, therefore, designed to be interfaced to analog and digital hardware. An 80C32 family microcontroller is proposed for the WEED KILLER application for reasons.
1  The 80C32 will do the job.
2  Multiple vendors of 80C32 guarantee future supply at a competitive price.  Current suppliers include
 Intel, AMD, Winbond, Dallas, Philips, Siemens, OKI,  ATMEL, ... 3  High-speed parallel port bi-directional IEEE 1284 enhanced capability port 9 (ecp) communications hardware between an 80C32 and PC is in the final stage of development.
4  IEEE 1284 hardware drivers are supplied with Windows NT.  Custom assembler dll drivers are available
for 9x and 3.x.
5  A public-domain Forth 8051 operating system hosting a high-level language and interactive assembler with complete source code documentation is available on Internet. Hardcover book further documenting 5 is available from Academic Press.
Only a Wintel machine is required for both hardware and software for the WEED KILLER project.  Usually a Forth hardware/software development probject on requres a voltmeter, logic probe, and, infrequently, an oscilloscope.  Reason  is the INTERACTIVE control of the hardware and software
from a PC keyboard and diagnostic information easily printed to a PC monitor.
Justification for assertion made in the above paragraph comes from Internet.
NASA uses Forth extensively for its space programs. Ballard used polyForth to locate wrecks of the Titanic, Bismarck, and Yorktown.
Sun Microsystems workstation boot into Forth then invokes Solaris. Adobe Postscript is a version of Forth. Video game software are written mostly in Forth.
The Wintel side of the WEED KILLER project will be most-likely written in a small
amount of assembler interface code and Visual Basic.
While Forth threaded code software technology is extremely valuable in some settings,
it is not in others.
Java is a variation of Forth.  Future of Java on Wintel machines is unclear at this time.
For example,
  The hottest items among techies is a browser called Opera.     This is a $40 shareware program that in speed and compact     size buts both IE and Communicator to shame.  It has a slightly     different interface from either of the majors - an interface some find      refreshing while other find less than useful.  As it's shareware, you can     try and then buy if you like it.  One reason for its speed is that it ignores     Java - the Internet's Bandwidth Pig (IBP).     The Rumor Mill by Paul Cassel
  ComputerScene Magazine  July 1998   Forth executes code High-level at about 10% the speed of a compiled high-level
Speed of execution of small applications is not effected by Forthï¿½s slow execution.
Reason is that initial code is written in high-level Forth.  Inner loops are then translated into Forth assembler.
Speed is maintained with the advantage that data structures are created an maintained in
high-level language while the interactive operating system is retained for trouble shooting
both hardware and software problem.
Hardware cost of building the 80C32 the WEED KILLER boards is estimated at $10k.
Hardware design is estimated at 1 month labor at $50/hr for a total of $8k.
Software development on the 80C32 side in Forth and Forth assembler, software on the
Wintel side in Visual Basic and assembler, documentation, and training is estimated to
be 4 months for a total of $32k
 /\/\/\

@_date: 1998-09-01 19:25:38
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Rumsfeld Commission report & conclusions 
Tuesday 9/1/98 7:54 PM
John Young
Nice to talk to you TWICE tonight.
I did not realize the importance of the documents I was given until I read them.
  The Rumsfeld Commission -  the commission to Assess the Ballistic    Missile Threat to the United Sates
  .  Donald Rumsfeld
  .  Larry Welch
  .  Bill Schneider
  .  Bill Graham
  .  Bary Bleckman
  .  Richard Garwin
  .  Lee Butler
Page 14 reads
  A quick walk around the globe: Iran
  .  Placing exgraordinary interest in its WMD and ballistic
     missile programs
  .  Program benefite from a broad, long-time assistance from Russia.
  .  Development program have taken on a new phase - getting Russia's
     most modern equipement.
  . Getting assistance from China, North Korea, Pakistan as well.
  . Able to pay well for military technology - in $.
and ALL OF THIS IS AUTHORED BY Sandia President C Paul Robinson!
Who I saw on CBS TV tonight!
   H. B. Durham who served as project leader;  served as Robinson's technical advisor
in Geneva.
Hope jya.com readers enjoy.
I will put the document in an express mailer to you.
Letï¿½s all hope for settlement before this matter gets worse.

@_date: 1998-09-02 06:12:11
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: AES and The Game 
Wednesday 9/2/98 6:26 AM
J Orlin Grabbe  I'm going to write an article for The Laissez Faire City Times
I have what I want to write CLEARLY in mind.  THINKING before DOING works better than the CONVERSE.  But this takes
time, of course.
How much $s would such an article be worth?
We have to keep in mind WHY we are doing all of this.  Like what Baranyi is doing at I will write when I take breaks from debugging and documenting digital
FX hardware.
$s, again.  The digital FX was HOPEFULLY very well thought-out and will
work reliably
in the field.
Here are SOME of my references.
                                           HOLLYWOOD (October, 1997) -- London
Records is
                                    pleased to announce the release of
Howard Shore's
                                    original motion picture score to The
Game, starring
                                    Michael Douglas and Sean Penn.                            The film is a thriller directed by David
Fincher (Se7en). "The Game" is
                           what begins when a high-powered businessman
named Nicholas Van
                           Orton (Douglas) receives the birthday gift of
a lifetime from his
                           brother he alienated years ago (Penn). What
Nicholas gets is entry
                           into a mysterious new form of entertainment
provided by C.R.S.
                           (Consumer Recreational Services) simply
called "The Game." It
                           proves to be an all-consuming contest with
only one rule: there are
                           no rules. By the time Van Orton realizes he
is in, it is too late to get
                           out. Laced with intrigue, action and danger
beyond belief, The Game
                           ultimately draws to a cataclysmic close,
every step bringing Van
                           Orton nearer to an explosive confrontation
with what threatens him
                           most.                            Howard Shore has written a tense and gripping
score. The
                           soundtrack features "White Rabbit" performed
by the legendary
                           Jefferson Airplane.           The contemplation of things as they are,                      without error or confusion,                  without substitution or imposture,         is in itself a nobler thing than a whole harvest of invention.         Francis Bacon        Stupidity is difficult to underestimate     Professor Robert Franklin Wallace - economics
 Don't search for deeper explanations when stupidity will suffice
   Professor Melvin Gordon Davidson - physics

@_date: 1998-09-02 08:38:29
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Sandia president C Paul Robinsons August 19, 1998 view graphs 
Wednesday 9/2/98 8:34 AM
John Young
I mailed you 20 pages of view graphs for Sandia president C Paul
August 19, 1998 speech
  ï¿½Looking to the future:  A more dangerous world is appearing.ï¿½
Your readers will likely value the opportunity to ATTEMPT to find
out is what on Robinsonï¿½s and the US governmentï¿½s mind.
Money is at the heart of motivation, of course.
If the US is NOT firing tomahawk missiles SOMEWHERE, then this
is BAD for BUSINESS.  No PR s being written for replacements.
  The Tomahawk cruise missile, acquired when Raytheon bought Hughes
Aircraft from General Motors     Corp. in December for $9.5 billion.
Nearly 300 were fired in the Gulf War at Iraqi missile sites,   command
centers, weapons caches, and other targets.  A new version is guided by
global positioning   satellites, a network of 24 satellites fixed high
above the earth and used for navigation.    In addition, a General Accounting Office report released last year
said that   manufacturers' claims for the Tomahawk, Paveway, and other weapons
were overstated.    Boston Globe, Feb. 18, 1998    Bill Clinton's $100 Million Crusade Against Ken Starr
                                        by Charles R. Smith
      August was an expensive month for the U.S. taxpayer. For example,
Bill Clinton shot $100            million on August 20, 1998 at
"terrorist" sites in Sudan and Afghanistan. The 79 Tomahawk          cruise missiles signaled a new "war" that Bill Clinton decided to
declare on terrorism and not       to be confused with the $100 million
White House "war" on Ken Starr.       The cost? Tomahawks cost about $1.4 to $2.1 million each,
depending on the model. Moreover,       the Tomahawk price tag does not
reflect the price of conducting the strike such as logistics,      planning, communications, ship, fuel, and sailor time. If one were to
add in these figures -       the actual strike cost about $1 billion.
      The Tomahawk strike also shows the Clinton administration is as
number minded in its war as       the Johnson administration was in
Vietnam. Million dollar missiles on remote Afghan camps are       likely
to be no more successful than B-52s against the Ho Chi Minh trail. There
is an       over-emphasis of "damage assessment" with no regard to
whether the bodies were enemy soldiers       or innocent bystanders.
There is no clear objective and no clear plan for victory. Lesson one learns at Sandia when one GETS THE RIGHT CLEARANCES is that
US government creates
its own business opportunities.
  Embassy Bombings                    Pakistan Gears to Midwife "Get Osama" Operation                                     Will the U.S. Bomb Afghanistan?       KARACHI: The arrest and the subsequent statement and evidence
provided by a Palestinian             arrested in Karachi, soon after
his arrival from Nairobi, has pushed US investigators close to      declare the Afghanistan-based Saudi millionaire Osama Bin Laden as the
man behind the       devastating bombings that killed more than 250
people in and around US embassies in Kenya and       Tanzania on August
7, officials       disclosed here and in interviews from Islamabad.  ...
  The News International Pakistan, August 17, 1998 was SIMPLY GREAT for Sandia Labs business interests as evidenced by
Robinsonï¿½s August 19th view graphs.
 Osama Calls on Ummah to Continue Jehad     Denies Involvement in Embassy Bombings       PESHAWAR: Saudi dissident Osama Bin Laden for the first time
on             Thursday denied his involvement in the August 7 bombings at the
US            embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.
      The 42-year-old Bin Laden contacted this correspondent on               satellite phone at 9:00 pm on Thursday to convey his statement           through another Islamic leader Dr Ayman Al-Zawahiri, head
of               Egyptian Islamic Jehad organisation which was held responsible
for           the murder of Egypt's president Anwar Sadaat.  ...
    The News International Pakistan, August 21, 1998
Sandia supervisor James Gosler   When Payne balked, his supervisor said Payne "did not choose his
jobs.     Rather, Sandia assigns duties to" him. told us,   ï¿½There are some things the US government does that are SO SECRET they
  canï¿½t be CLASSIFIED.ï¿½
Post away  ... and letï¿½s continue to hope for settlement of this
unfortunate matter.

@_date: 1998-09-02 17:39:01
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Girolamo Cardano 
Wednesday 9/2/98 6:19 PM
J Orlin Grabbe
I HOPE to write one of the MOST DEVASTATING, and deserving, ARTICLES
ABOUT CRYPTOGRAPHERS EVER WRITTEN. By introducing to the public:
I stand on the shoulders on several GIANTS.  I searched the web for Cardano.
And one SUPERB mathematician
  Ore, Oystein. Cardano: The Gambling Scholar. Princeton: University
Press, 1956. I may need your help with Zola.  YOU understand math, Zola MAY not.
Best Wednesday 9/2/98 6:26 AM J Orlin Grabbe   I'm going to write an article for The Laissez Faire City Times  I have what I want to write CLEARLY in mind.   THINKING before DOING works better than the CONVERSE.  But this takes time, of course. How much $s would such an article be worth? We have to keep in mind WHY we are doing all of this.   Like what Baranyi is doing at  I will write when I take breaks from debugging and documenting digital
FX hardware. $s, again.  The digital FX was HOPEFULLY very well thought-out and will
work reliably in the field. Here are SOME of my references. --- *AES*                                                       HOLLYWOOD (October, 1997) -- London
Records is                                     pleased to announce the release of
Howard Shore's                                     original motion picture score to The
Game, starring                                     Michael Douglas and Sean Penn.                             The film is a thriller directed by David
Fincher (Se7en). "The Game" is                            what begins when a high-powered businessman
named Nicholas Van                            Orton (Douglas) receives the birthday gift of
a lifetime from his                            brother he alienated years ago (Penn). What
Nicholas gets is entry                            into a mysterious new form of entertainment
provided by C.R.S.                            (Consumer Recreational Services) simply
called "The Game." It                            proves to be an all-consuming contest with
only one rule: there are                            no rules. By the time Van Orton realizes he
is in, it is too late to get                            out. Laced with intrigue, action and danger
beyond belief, The Game                            ultimately draws to a cataclysmic close,
every step bringing Van                            Orton nearer to an explosive confrontation
with what threatens him                            most.                             Howard Shore has written a tense and gripping
score. The                            soundtrack features "White Rabbit" performed
by the legendary                            Jefferson Airplane.             The contemplation of things as they are,                       without error or confusion,                   without substitution or imposture,          is in itself a nobler thing than a whole harvest of invention.          Francis Bacon         Stupidity is difficult to underestimate      Professor Robert Franklin Wallace - economics  Don't search for deeper explanations when stupidity will suffice    Professor Melvin Gordon Davidson - physics

@_date: 1998-09-03 06:35:17
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Zurich trip 
Thursday 9/3/98 6:10 AM
J Orlin Grabbe  Patty and I went to Zurich last April.   Implementing Basics : How Basics Work             William H. and Patricia Payne / Published 1982              I interviewed for a job at IBM Zurich forschungslabortorium.
We left from Atlanta.
The Swissair 747 was operated jointly by Delta and Swissair.   Bill,
  I cannot comment on your legal battles - they seem to be quite
  difficult and require a great deal of courage if waged against a
  government.
  I wish you the best of luck - it sounds like a nightmare or as written
  Kafka.
  Anyway, the title for your talk sounds very interesting. Could you
  write up an  abstract and make it reasonably technical, because this
is what people
  will  be interested in.
  I'm looking forward, once you have your passport, to arrange a date
  you to come here for the interview and to meet us.
  Kind regards
       Matthias
My talk title was
GETTING CAUGHT, of course, is one DANGER in high tech espionage.
       Let's all hope for settlement of this UNFORTUNATE MATTER before things

@_date: 1998-09-03 19:38:52
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: diplomacy 
Zola I faxed the abstract to Grabbe.  Young's fax did not answer.
There are, I think, some crytpo problems posted at
Problems should, of course, be pointed out with diplomacy characterized
   Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms
  Purpose of this article is to explain the underlying principles
  of cryptography by examples and explain why some criteria
  should be met by cryptographic algorithms for serious
  consideration of adoption.
revision 		date		time		author 		reason
0			9/3/98		6:49 PM		wh payne	first draft

@_date: 1998-09-03 20:04:49
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: The Great Satan 
Thursday 9/3/98 8:53 PM
Greg Broiles
gbroiles at netbox.com
I read
One has to be careful with the great satan.
Perhaps one needs a GOOD lawyer?
I lived in the basement appartment of the Luce's home in Walla Walla during my jr/sr at Whitman college 1958/59.
Charlie JR was in the 'goo'- rug rat stage when I met him.
  Date:         Thu, 03 Sep 1998 20:34:02 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         eZola at LFCity.com, cypherpunks at toad.com,
ukcrypto at maillist.ox.ac.uk, biham at cs.technion.ac.il,
even at cs.technion.ac.il, wpi at wpiran.org,
        abd at CDT.ORG, merata at pearl.sums.ac.ir,
lawya at lucs-01.novell.leeds.ac.uk, sjmz at hplb.hpl.hp.com,
georgefoot at oxted.demon.co.uk
    CC:         jy at jya.com, john gilmore , j orlin grabbe
, Ross.Anderson at cl.cam.ac.uk,
Vaclav.Matyas at cl.cam.ac.uk,
        fapp2 at cl.cam.ac.uk
Zola I faxed the abstract to Grabbe.  Young's fax did not answer.
There are, I think, some crytpo problems posted at
Problems should, of course, be pointed out with diplomacy characterized
   Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms
                Abstract
  Purpose of this article is to explain the underlying principles
  of cryptography by examples and explain why some criteria
  should be met by cryptographic algorithms for serious
  consideration of adoption.
revision                date            time            author         0                       9/3/98          6:49 PM         wh payne       first draft

@_date: 1998-09-10 08:00:28
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: Official comment 
OFFICIAL Comments - Anyone may provide NIST with OFFICIAL public    comments on the AES candidate algorithms. NOTE  THAT ALL COMMENTS  RECEIVED SHALL BE MADE PART OF THE PUBLIC RECORD. A comment may be    submitted by sending an e-mail message to AESFirstRound at nist.gov. OFFICIAL Comment
to appear at Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms
Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms
by William H. Payne
  The purpose of this article is to explain the underlying principles
  of cryptography by examples, and to show some criteria that should be
  met by cryptographic algorithms before they are seriously considered
  for adoption.
Cryptography is the art or science of scrambling plaintext into ciphertext with a key
so that it cannot be read by anyone who does not possess the key.
Digital information is stored in the form of 1s and 0s, called BINARY.
Binary Numbers
Letï¿½s count from DECIMAL 0 to 15 in BINARY by adding 1 to the previous number.
Notice that first we start with a single number position, which can be 0 or 1 in BINARY.  This
number position is a bit.  Call this first bit b0.
Notice that b0 is either 0 or 1.  That is, b0 = 0 or b0 = 1.
To get to DECIMAL 2, we have to introduce a second BINARY bit--call it b1.  We have b1b0 = 10.  Next, for DECIMAL 3, we have BINARY b1b0 = 11.
numbered bits:
Notice that the bit subscript represents a power of 2.  That is, b0 really
where * is multiplication, and ^ exponentiation (for example, 2^0 = 1, 2^1 = 2, 2^2 = 4, 2^3 = 8).
The subscript on b is the same as the power on 2.  If we had b26, we would know its meaning was b26*2^26.
If b26 = 0, then this value is 0.  If b26 = 1, then
this value is 2^26.
Now look at "1111" (which in BINARY is equal to DECIMAL 15).  In this
case, b3b2b1b0 = 1111.  The
right-most BIT (b0) is the least-significant bit, because
it corresponds to the lowest power of 2.
Converting Binary Numbers to Decimal Numbers
To convert a BINARY number ...b3b2b1b0 to
a DECIMAL number Y, we simply write
        Y =  b0 + b1 * 2 + b2 * 2^2 + b3 * 2^3 + ...
The bits b0, b1, b2, b3 are limited to the values 0 and 1 ONLY.
Performing the exponentiation of powers of 2 and reversing the bits gives
        Y =  . . . + b3 * 8  +  b2 * 4 + b1 * 2 +  b0 .  Most of us were brought-up to understand that  the most significant digits are to the LEFT of the previous For sake of economy of writing and easy conversion, binary numbers are frequently represented
in base 16, or HEXADECIMAL, abbreviated HEX.
Hexadecimal Numbers
8 4 2 1
      0    0  0
      1    1  1
    1 0    2  2
    1 1    3  3
  1 0 0    4  4
  1 0 1    5  5
  1 1 0    6  6
  1 1 1    7  7
1 0 0 0    8  8
1 0 0 1    9  9
1 0 1 0    A 10
1 0 1 1    B 11
1 1 0 0    C 12
1 1 0 1    D 13
1 1 1 0    E 14
1 1 1 1    F 15
Conversion from binary to hexadecimal or hexadecimal to binary is easy if you remember
1010 is A  1100 is C  1110 is E
B is one greater than A, 1011.   D is one greater than C, 1101.  And F is one greater than E, 1111.
Computer Memory
Computer memory is frequently organized as BYTEs which are eight bits.
Since one hexadecimal digit represents 4 bits, it takes two hexadecimal digits to represent one byte.
There are 2^8 = 256 different binary values that can be represented in
a byte.  These 256 values (written in HEX for brevity) are:
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E 0F
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 1A 1B 1C 1D 1E 1F
20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 2A 2B 2C 2D 2E 2F
30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 3A 3B 3C 3D 3E 3F
40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 4A 4B 4C 4D 4E 4F
50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 5A 5B 5C 5D 5E 5F
60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 6A 6B 6C 6D 6E 6F
70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 7A 7B 7C 7D 7E 7F
80 81 82 83 84 85 86 87 88 89 8A 8B 8C 8D 8E 8F
99 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 9A 9B 9C 9D 9E 9F
A0 A1 A2 A3 A4 A5 A6 A7 A8 A9 AA AB AC AD AE AF
B0 B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7 B8 B9 BA BB BC BD BE BF
C0 C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 CA CB CC CD CE CF
D0 D1 D2 D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 DA DB DC DD DE DF
E0 E1 E2 E3 E4 E5 E6 E7 E8 E9 EA EB EC ED EE EF
FF F1 F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 F7 F8 F9 FA FB FC FD FE FF
Representing Language on a Computer
The problem of how to represent characters in a computer has been solved several ways.  One
way is the American Standard Code of Information Interchange (ASCII).
ASCII represents characters as 7 bits.
Here is table modified from a web site
 Hex Char Description             Hex Char   Hex Char   Hex Char
----------------------            --------- ---------- ----------
  00  NUL (null)                   20         40  @      60    `
  01  SOH (start of heading)       21  !      41  A      61    a      02  STX (start of text)          22  "      42  B      62    b      03  ETX (end of text)            23  #      43  C      63    c      04  EOT (end of transmission)    24  $      44  D      64    d      05  ENQ (enquiry)                25  %      45  E      65    e      06  ACK (acknowledge)            26  &      46  F      66    f      07  BEL (bell)                   27  '      47  G      67    g      08   BS (backspace)              28  (      48  H      68    h      09  TAB (horizontal tab)         29  )      49  I      69    i      0A   LF (line feed, new line)    2A  *      4A  J      6A    j      0B   VT (vertical tab)           2B  +      4B  K      6B    k      0C   FF (form feed, new page)    2C  ,      4C  L      6C    l      0D   CR (carriage return)        2D  -      4D  M      6D    m      0E   SO (shift out)              2E  .      4E  N      6E    n      0F   SI (shift in)               2F  /      4F  O      6F    o      10  DLE (data link escape)       30  0      50  P      70    p      11  DC1 (device control 1)       31  1      51  Q      71    q      12  DC2 (device control 2)       32  2      52  R      72    r      13  DC3 (device control 3)       33  3      53  S      73    s      14  DC4 (device control 4)       34  4      54  T      74    t      15  NAK (negative acknowledge)   35  5      55  U      75    u      16  SYN (synchronous idle)       36  6      56  V      76    v      17  ETB (end of trans. block)    37  7      57  W      77    w      18  CAN (cancel)                 38  8      58  X      78    x      19   EM (end of medium)          39  9      59  Y      79    y      1A  SUB (substitute)             3A  :      5A  Z      7A    z      1B  ESC (escape)                 3B  ;      5B  [      7B    {      1C   FS (file separator)         3C  <      5C  \      7C    |      1D   GS (group separator)        3D  =      5D  ]      7D    }      1E   RS (record separator)       3E  >      5E  ^      7E    ~      1F   US (unit separator)         3F  ?      5F  _      7F  DEL
Now let us take two different one-word messages we might wish to cipher: "black" and "white".  We
can use the preceding table to find the ASCII codes for the characters in "black" and "white".
messagecharacterASCII (Hex)Binary
Message 1black62 6C 61 63 6B0110 0010 0110 1100 0110 0001 0110 0011 0110 1011
Message 2white77 68 69 74 650111 0111 0110 1000 0110 1001 0111 0100 0110 0101
But before doing this, we must understand the general "cipher problem."
The Cipher Problem
We have three elements in the encryption process:
        1.  The plaintext message         2.  The key                       3.  The ciphertext
Letï¿½s start REAL SIMPLE.  Let's consider a situation where the plaintext
message, the key, and the ciphertext are all the same length.  To
make it even simpler, let's make each one only one bit long.  So the key
can be one of two possibilities (0 or 1), and so can the plaintext and
the ciphertext.  So, in all, there are 2*2*2 = 8 total possible encipherment
Letï¿½s enumerate ALL 8 POSSIBILITIES.
Possibilities Table
Thatï¿½s it!  There are no more possibilities than these 8.  What does this
mean for the encryption process--the "algorithm"?
An ALGORITHM is a deterministic processes that accepts inputs and transforms them into outputs.
"Deterministic" is important in that the same inputs ALWAYS produce the same output.
Consider ANY algorithm which takes as its inputs the key values of 0 or 1 and the plaintext message
values of 0 or 1.
ANY algorithm can only produce one of the ciphertext outputs seen above.  Image the following
hypothetical but REAL SIMPLE algorithm:
Hypothetical Algorithm:  Find the value of the Key in column 2 of the Possibilities Table
and the Plaintext message in column 3; then chose as the Ciphertext output whatever number is found
in column 4 of that row.
But there, of course, is a catch with a valid CRYPTOGRAPHIC ALGORITHM.  Given the Key and the Ciphertext, one must be able to get back the Plaintext!  A  cryptographic algorithmic should have an INVERSE.
So a cryptographic algorithm could not produce ALL of the eight combinations seen above for the
reason that it is impossible to invert some of the possibilities.  For example, some of the mappings
are incompatible from an inverse standpoint, because same values of the key and ciphertext
can lead to two different values of the plaintext.  Notice how the following pairs of possibilities
conflict: 1 and 3; 2 and 4; 5 and 7; 6 and 8.
But there two different cryptographic algorithms that could be made from the
Possibilities Table, both of which have inverses:
Cryptographic Algorithm 1
Cryptographic Algorithm 2
Of course, the output of Algorithm 2 is merely the same as the output of Algorithm 1,
with 0s and 1s switched.  (This is called a logical NOT operation.)
Logic and Its Electronic Representation
Logic,  sometimes called
Boolean logic when it is dealing with 0s and 1s, has several elementary rules.  In computers, TRUE is usually represented by a 1.  FALSE is represented by a 0.
Electrically a 1 is usually, but not always, represented by a HIGH VOLTAGE.  A zero by a LOW VOLTAGE.
The three basic operations in logic are NOT, AND, and OR:
Logical OperationInput(s)Output
NOT0 1
   1 0
   010
   100
   111
OR 000
   011
   101
   111
A derivative operation called an EXCLUSIVE-OR, abbreviated XOR, is defined as follows:
Logical OperationInput(s)Output
   011
   101
   110
In XOR, if the two input bits have the the same value, they sum to 0.  If they have
different values, they sum to 1.
Now look back at Cryptographic Algorithm 1.  It is, in fact,
the exclusive-or (XOR) of the key and plaintext.
Algorithm 1: Ciphertext Output = Key XOR Plaintext.
Cryptographic Algorithm 2, meanwhile, is just the NOT of Algorithm 1.
Algorithm 2: Ciphertext Output = NOT (Key XOR Plaintext).
The REALLY IMPORTANT property of the XOR is THAT IT HAS AN INVERSE.
By contrast, logical AND does not have an inverse for the reason that if the
Key and (Key AND Plaintext) are both 0, then the Plaintext itself is ambiguously
either 0 or 1.
Logical OperationKey InputPlaintext InputKey AND Plaintext    010oops
   100    111 Likewise, logical OR does not have an inverse for the reason that if the
Key and (Key OR Plaintext) are both 1, then the Plaintext itself is ambiguously
either 0 or 1.
Logical OperationKey InputPlaintext InputKey OR Plaintext OR 000    011    101oops
   111oops
So logical AND and OR donï¿½t work well for a crypto algorithm, but the XOR does because it has an inverse.
How to Create Two Keys for Deniability
The XOR works even better from a legal standpoint.  Imagine the following
        Ciphercop:  We have the ciphertext 0 and we CAUGHT you with the key with a bit value of 1, so you sent a plaintext 1.
        Citizen:  No I did not!  You PLANTED the key with bit value 1. The real key bit is a 0, and I sent 0 as the plaintext.
Letï¿½s generate a key for the REAL WORLD crypto messages "black" and "white",
messagecharacterASCII (Hex)Binary
Message 1black62 6C 61 63 6B0110 0010 0110 1100 0110 0001 0110 0011 0110 1011
Message 2white77 68 69 74 650111 0111 0110 1000 0110 1001 0111 0100 0110 0101
and see if we can produce a REAL EXAMPLE of a SECOND KEY.
Hereï¿½s a key, which we will call key 1:
key 1: 1010 0101   1100 0011   1110 0111   1111 0000   0110 1001
Key 1 doesnï¿½t look too random.  Each group of four bits is followed by its
logical NOT (e.g. NOT(1010) = 0101, etc.).  Which leads to another lesson.
        To claim that a sequence of 0s and 1s is random requires statistical testing.
Here's another key, which we will call key 2:
key 2: 1011 0000    1100 0100   1110 1111   1110 0111   0110 0111
These two keys produce the same ciphertext for the two different
messages "black" and "white".
black0110 0010    0110 1100   0110 0001   0110 0011   0110 1011
key 11010 0101    1100 0011   1110 0111   1111 0000   0110 1001
ciphertext (XOR)1100 0111    1010 1100   1000 0110   1001 0011   0000 0010
white0111 0111    0110 1000   0110 1001   0111 0100   0110 0101
key 21011 0000    1100 0100   1110 1111   1110 0111   0110 0111
ciphertext (XOR)1100 0111    1010 1100   1000 0110   1001 0011   0000 0010
So when the ciphercops FALSELY accuse you of encrypting "black", you SCREAM
"Bull pucky!", and produce key 2 to show that you, IN FACT, encrypted "white".
Then sue the government--pro se, of course. (See The recipe for producing the second key in this example is simple.  Take two plaintext messages of the
same length.  Encrypt one of them with an arbitrary key that yields a ciphertext of the
same length.  XOR the ciphertext with the second plaintext message.  The result is the
second key.  Store this one for plausible deniability.
So from the standpoint of plausible deniability it is BEST to have TWO KEYS
for any given encryption:
        1. The REAL KEY          2. The key you can CLAIM was the REAL KEY.  Just in case you get caught.
"Have we gone beyond the bounds of reasonable dishonesty?"
                --CIA memo
(The CIA quote is from Weird History 101, by  John Richard Stephens, page 55.)
None of us want to get caught going beyond the bounds of reasonable dishonesty.
Thus far two criteria of a worth candidate for cryptographic algorithm have been established.
Criterion 1: The ciphertext is invertible with the help of a key back into the plaintext.
Criterion 2: There is ALWAYS a second key.  Just in case you get caught.
Plaintext and Ciphertext Sizes
The plaintext and ciphertext should be the same size.
First, note that if the plaintext is longer than the ciphertext, then the
ciphertext is not invertible.  For example, letï¿½s suppose that the plaintext
is two bits long and the ciphertext is one bit long.
0 00 or 1
0 11 or 0
1 0oops
1 1oops
After the first two ciphertext bits have been assigned to plaintext pairs,
the next two plaintext pairs (10,11) must conflict with this assignment. The
ciphertext thus correspondents to more than one plaintext possibility.
We run into problems for the reason that we cannot establish a one-to-one
correspondence between the plaintext and cipher text and, therefore, canï¿½t
possibly have an inverse.
Second, if the plaintext is shorter than the ciphertext, then the
ciphertext can't be trusted.  It may include too much information.  For
example, letï¿½s suppose that the plaintext is one bit long, the key is one
bit long, and the cipher text is two bits long.
Iran Cryptographic Algorithm
0  0        00        0  1        10        1  0        11        1  1        01        Not only is the above algorithm invertible, but now the crypto key has been sent
along with the ciphertext in the second bit position!
That is, the first bit in the ciphertext is is the value of (key XOR plaintext).
The second bit is the key itself.  So if you XOR the two ciphertext bits
with each other, you recover the plaintext bit.
You might ask who would be audacious enough to pull such  stunt.  The Great Satan,
of course.
For the story of how the National Security Agency (NSA) bugged the encryption
equipment that was sold by a Swiss company to 140 nations around the world, see
the following links:
   And the Great Satan got caught.  No plan B.  Or in crypto parlance, no second key.
So we have a third criterion for a cryptographic algorithm we might wish to adopt.
Criterion 3:  The length of the plaintext equals the length of the ciphertext.
In simple terms, if more bits come out of a crypto algorithm than go in, WATCH OUT!
Otis Mukinfuss and the Advanced Encryption Standard
Bruce Hawkinson (BHAWKIN at sandia.gov)
WAS Sandia National Laboratories Lab News editor some years ago.
In one editorial, Hawkinson wrote that while we was traveling for Sandia, he
spent his motel time looking up strange names in the phone book.  One name
I recall mentioned was Steely Gray who was a government office furniture
Hawkinson concluded his article by writing his all-time favorite name was
Otis Mukinfuss.
Hawkinson was no longer editor of Sandiaï¿½s Lab News shortly thereafter.
J. Orlin Grabbe has done an excellent job writing about cryptographic algorithms in
Cryptography and Number Theory for Digital Cash.
One inescapable conclusion from Grabbeï¿½s internet article is that from a laymanï¿½s
standpoint public key cryptography is an incomprehensible mess.  A Muckinfuss.
The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) is holding a CONTEST to select
an Advanced Encryption Standard to replace the
current Data Encryption Standard (DES).
Click through the candidates to view some additional examples of Mukinfusses.
So another criterion has been established for a cryptographic algorithm to be considered
for adoption.
Criterion 4:  The crypto algorithm must be simple and CONVINCE  EVERYONE that it is
             ONLY PERFORMING ITS SIMPLE INTENDED FUNCTION.
While we are at the NIST web site, the NIST Advanced Encryption Standard contest reminds
me of a the plot of a recent movie, The Game, starring Michael Douglas and Sean Penn:
        The film is a thriller directed by David Fincher (Se7en). "The Game"
        is what begins when a high-powered businessman named Nicholas Van         Orton (Douglas) receives the birthday gift of a lifetime from his         brother he alienated years ago (Penn). What Nicholas gets is entry         into a mysterious new form of entertainment provided by C.R.S.         (Consumer Recreational Services) simply called "The Game." It         proves to be an all-consuming contest with only one rule: there are         no rules. By the time Van Orton realizes he is in, it is too late to get         out.  ...
        (See                 NIST does not appear to publish any criteria for winning the AES contest!
Look at  and decide for
Perfect Cryptography
Here we have described a process of encrypting a plaintext by XORing it
with a key of the same length.  This encryption technique is called a
"one-time pad", or Vernam cipher.  Just as long as each key is only used once,
the encryption technique is perfectly secure.
The one-time pad described here satisfies all criteria mentioned so far:
1. The ciphertext is invertible with the help of a key back into the plaintext.
2. There is ALWAYS a second key.  Just in case you get caught. 3. The length of the plaintext equals the length of the ciphertext. 4. The crypto algorithm must be simple and CONVINCE EVERYONE that it is     ONLY PERFORMING ITS SIMPLE INTENDED FUNCTION.
I  add
Criterion 5:  The length of the key must equal the length of the plaintext.
Extensive mathematics or complication fails Criterion 4.
Public key cryptograpy that uses the RSA algorithm MAY fail Criterion 1 if the message divides the product of the two prime numbers, p and q, used in the modulus.
Most crypto algorithms are designed so that the key cannot be recovered from a
plaintext-ciphertext pair.  Therefore, they fail Criterion 2.
Criterion 3 is much more difficult to ensure against.
Black and White Hats
American western movie producers used to aid their audiences in identification
of the heroes and villains.  The heroes wore white hats.  The villains, black hats.
US government agencies adopted the term ï¿½black hatterï¿½ to describe an employee whose
job it is to break into THINGS. Or screw them up:
A ï¿½white hatterï¿½ is one who analyzes THINGS to make sure they cannot be broken into.
And they canï¿½t be screwed up.
But the empirical fact is that the ï¿½black hattersï¿½ can figure-out methods to transmit
the key on a covert channel, tell the ï¿½white hattersï¿½ they did this.  And the ï¿½white
hattersï¿½ canï¿½t find out how they did it.
Algorithmic Processes
Suppose the key is five bits:
 1 0 1 0 1
Suppose the plaintext is six bits:
1 1 1 1 1 1
And the ciphertext is also six bits:
1 0 1 1 0 1
Ask the cryptographer give you a key which changes ONLY the sixth bit of the
ciphertext, as in the following:
1 0 1 1 0 0
You like the other 5 bits just fine.
If the cryptographer canï¿½t, then you might look for another algorithm to adopt.
We have five criteria to judge the outcome of the NIST Advanced Encryption Standard contest.
If none of the algorithms pass the five tests, we will not be discouraged.
We know that Gilbert S. Vernam and Joseph O. Mauborgne  solved the crytptography problem in 1918,
when they created the one-time pad.  (See
"What is a One-Time Pad?".)
William H. Payne               P.O. Box 14838                 Albuquerque, New Mexico 87191  505-292-7037                   Embedded Controller Forth. Generalized Feedback Shift Registers           Here are some links to some of my students:
Ted Lewis (Friction-Free Economy)      John Sobolewski (HPCERC)

@_date: 1998-09-14 16:53:35
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: emission test, Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms, & settlement 
Monday 9/14/98 2:33 PM
When I drove back from Pullman in about 9/96 I realized the valve seals
leaking in my VW Rabbit. Blue smoke coming out the exhaust pipe. Passing the low speed carbon monoxide test is the hardest.
On 09/06/96 the emission test showed
You showed me your tool to change seals.  But I needed to work on other
After spending about $400 to get the seals replaced, I got another
test on 09/10/96
        Standard	Current Reading	Result
In DESPERATION I used Berrymanï¿½s B-12, changed oil, etc and
REMOVED THE AIR FILTER for the test on 09/11/96
Talk about squeaking by!
If your vehicle continues to FAIL emissions test, your life will be made
disrupted by the VEHICLE POLLUTION MANAGEMENT DIVISION.
The Rabbit had its 1998 emission test due in September 1998.  I was totally prepared for failure.
I ordered about $500 in parts from JC Whitney in preparation for a
engine rebuild.
And, of course, I ordered for the fun of it the NAFTA [Mexico] exhaust
I could not wait to see the effect of exhaust headers on performance, so
I installed
them immediately.  WOW!  I estimate about a 20-30% performance
Rpms up the ying-yang.
Patty kept putting the 1998 emissions notice on my dinner plate.
On Saturday I took a FAST ride to Oro Guay peak and hiked.  I took a
FAST return trip.
I drove into EXPRESS EMISSION operated by Dung Nguyen.  I wanted to see
how badly my grey rabbit, R2, would fail.
R2 is how the grey rabbit is denoted in my repair log.
I couldnï¿½t stand to personally watch R2 fail, so I went outside while it
was tested.
On my return the two operators were smiling both and had their thumbs
pointed up!
R2 PASSED!!!!
!Viva NAFTA exhaust headers!
ANOTHER disruption out of the way so that I can concentrate on
completing the digital FX!
My HUGE FEAR what that I would have to spend time getting R2 into shape
to POSSIBLY
PASS the emissions test.  TRYING to get a car which failed the emissions
test is a nightmare!
Sandia colleague Ron Pate had to have a rebuilt engine installed in his
bronco so that it would pass.
  Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms, by William H. Payne
advertised at    /
and presented at
  will hopefully AID in getting my other distraction settled.  Then, too, of course, are the JUSTIFIABLY upset MUSLIMS who are reading
my zolatimes article.
Sandia president C. Paul Robinson observed at  wrote
  A quick walk around the globe: other emerging threat nations ...
  What is perhaps most frightening is the apparent increase in the flow
of technology, hardware, and a "barter system" in dangerous materials.  We must understand "What are their motives?"
Simple, in one case.  Settlement.  WE WANT OUR MONEY!  This is on Internet at   DoE: Pay Bill Payne  Thought about you guys at the fun Metriguard Monday corporate lunch.
The Acer scsi Scan Prisa I ordered just arrived by UPS.
Now I can scan in my schematics.  And bash the Great Satan EVEN HARDER.
But let's all hope for settlement before matters get WORSE.

@_date: 1998-09-15 12:05:15
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: CHRYSLER AWARD NOMINATION STATEMENT 
CHRYSLER AWARD NOMINATION STATEMENT
American forefathers drafted the Constitution and laws of our country
shortly after having suffered injustice.   Fresh in their minds were
strategies used by their oppressors.  Writers of the Constitution and
laws anticipated ways subvert our system.  Therefore, our forefathers
designed safeguards into our legal system to prevent future injustice.
But these safeguards DONï¿½T appear to be working today.
Morales and Payne designed a strategy using the National Security Agency
[NSA], Sandia National Laboratories, the US Federal Court System, and
publication on Internet to illustrate how the US government system has
Arthur Morales WAS a supervisor at Sandia Labs in 1991.  Morales and
Manuel Garcia organized a class action lawsuit on behalf of minority and
women against Sandia.
Sandia settled Moralesï¿½ and Garciaï¿½s lawsuit.  Department of Energy
acknowledged from Freedom of Information Act  [FOIA] requests that as
of  December 31, 1995 Morales cost Sandia $567,137 in legal fees.
Sandia retaliated against Morales.  Morales sued Sandia in New Mexico
District Court.  Morales lost
William Payne wrote a technical report describing ï¿½deficienciesï¿½  NSAï¿½s
cryptographic algorithms   Sandia
transferred Payne to break electronics locks for the Federal Bureau of
Invesitgation [FBI].  Payne refused to do illegal  work. Payne sued Sandia in Federal Court.  Payne lost and court records were
FBI agent Bernardo Perez  led a class action lawsuit against the FBI for
race discrimination against Hispanic
FBI agents.  Perez won.  Perez was assigned agent-in-charge of the FBI in Albuquerque
for settlement.  But Perez lost
Morales and Payne learned that the FBI extorted an inexpensive from
Perez by telling Perez that the FBI was
GUARANTEED to win on appeal in Federal Circuit.
With Perezï¿½ and others knowledge of circuit courts, Morales and Payne
appealed their respective cases pro se to the Tenth Circuit.  In Payneï¿½s case Sandia failed to submit its Brief of the Appellees on
time.  Then falsified its certificate of service when Payne filed to
In Moralesï¿½ case Sandia submitted a deficient Brief of the Appellees
which was returned, missed the filing
date, and failed to serve Morales with its late brief.
Payne and Morales both won at the Tenth Circuit.  But judges awarded the
wins to Sandia.
All attempts by Morales and Payne to get copies of the docket for their
respective Tenth Circuit cases failed.
Therefore, Morales and Payne hatched a plan to get the dockets and
expose government misconduct.  Payne previously made FOIA requests to NSA for  copies of messages and
translations given to Iraq during the Iraq/Iran war, copies of Libyan messages intercepted by
NSA, and NSA cryptographic
algorithms Payne thought contained deficiencies.
Morales and Payne sued NSA pro se for the documents. Lawsuit progress
was broadcast on Internet through e-mail and
          And Payne wrote
 Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms
criticizing the US governmentï¿½s crypto contest.  Morales and Payne FINALLY got copies of dockets from their respective
cases from the Tenth
Circuit using Internet as a an innovative tool. 9/15/98 10:39 AM
John Young
J Orlin Grabbe
and OTHERS
495 words counted by MS Word.
Please e-mail any editing improvements to John Young.  I will meet Morales for lunch.  Then phone John Young.
Thanks in advance.

@_date: 1998-09-15 14:11:21
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: CHRYSLER AWARD NOMINATION STATEMENT   9/15/98 12:30 PM 
Tuesday 9/15/98 12:39 PM Ms Vikki Hardy
Chrysler Award for Innovative Design
c/o Bozell Advertising
1000 Town Center, 15th Floor
Southfield, MI 48075-1241
248 262 8643
vhardy at detroit.bozell.com
We are sending our submission by 1	e-mail
2	hardcopy
3	diskette with .htm and .txt files
by priority certified mail.	             American forefathers drafted the Constitution and laws of our country
shortly after having suffered injustice.   Fresh in their minds were
strategies used by their oppressors.  Writers of the Constitution and
laws anticipated ways to subvert our system.  Therefore, our forefathers
designed safeguards into our legal system to prevent future injustice.
But these safeguards DONï¿½T appear to be working today.
Morales and Payne designed a strategy using the National Security Agency
[NSA], Sandia National Laboratories, the US Federal Court System, and
publication on Internet to illustrate how the US government has
Arthur Morales WAS a supervisor at Sandia Labs in 1991.  Morales and
Manuel Garcia organized a class action lawsuit on behalf of Hispanics
against Sandia.
Sandia settled Moralesï¿½ and Garciaï¿½s lawsuit.  Department of Energy
acknowledged from Freedom of Information Act  [FOIA] requests that as
of  December 31, 1995 Morales cost Sandia $567,137 in legal fees.
Sandia retaliated against Morales.  Morales sued Sandia in New Mexico
District Court.  Morales lost.
William Payne wrote a technical report describing ï¿½deficienciesï¿½  NSAï¿½s
cryptographic algorithms   Sandia
transferred Payne to break electronics locks for the Federal Bureau of
Invesitgation [FBI].  Payne refused to do illegal work. Payne sued Sandia in Federal Court.  Payne lost and court records were
FBI agent Bernardo Perez  led a class action lawsuit against the FBI for
race discrimination against Hispanic FBI agents. Perez won.  Perez was assigned agent-in-charge of the FBI in Albuquerque
for settlement.  But Perez lost money.
Morales and Payne learned that the FBI extorted an inexpensive from
Perez by telling Perez that the FBI was GUARANTEED to win on appeal in
Federal Circuit.
With Perezï¿½ and others knowledge of circuit courts, Morales and Payne
appealed their respective cases pro se to the Tenth Circuit.  In Payneï¿½s case Sandia failed to submit its Brief of the Appellees on
time. Then falsified its certificate of service when Payne filed to
In Moralesï¿½ case Sandia submitted a deficient Brief of the Appellees
which was returned but failed to serve Morales with its brief.
Payne and Morales both won at the Tenth Circuit on technicalities.  But
judges awarded the wins to Sandia.
All attempts by Morales and Payne to get copies of the docket for their
respective Tenth Circuit cases failed.
Therefore, Morales and Payne hatched a plan to get the dockets and
expose government misconduct.  Payne previously made FOIA requests to NSA for  copies of messages and
translations given to Iraq during the Iraq/Iran war, copies of Libyan
messages intercepted by NSA, and NSA cryptographic algorithms Payne
thought contained deficiencies.
Morales and Payne sued NSA pro se for the documents. Lawsuit progress
was broadcast on Internet through e-mail and
          And Payne wrote
 Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms
criticizing the US governmentï¿½s crypto contest.  Morales and Payne FINALLY got copies of dockets from their respective
cases from the Tenth Circuit using Internet as an innovative tool.

@_date: 1998-09-16 20:40:18
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: bill soper & brains 
Wednesday 9/16/98 6:56 PM
Underwood More than 40 years ago Armand [bunky] Larive, I, and others took
history of philosphy from bill soper.
Laivre is an an episcopal priest in Pullman now.
I don't see sopher listed in the faculty directory.
Sopher invited an attractive articulate lady from the B'Hai religion
to lecture our class.
The LADY put forth an argument on why we should all believe.
In the next lecture Soper, as a philospher should, went into every detail why her arguments were falacious.
           The contemplation of things as they are,                       without error or confusion,                   without substitution or imposture,          is in itself a nobler thing than a whole harvest of invention.          Francis Bacon        I think Lairve was present at the lecture and analysis.
I PROFITED FROM YOUR differential equations AND elementary mathematics from an advanced standpoint courses.
But this has been about 40 years ago.
I still have the books used in your classes.
And my education at Whitman.
Then, too, I profited from Zirakzaheh's higher alegraba course in the summer of 1958 at U Colorado.
Let's hope this gets settled before someone gets NUKED.
We know these guys.   And we SPECULATE that they are NOT HAPPY ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED.
  Date:         Wed, 16 Sep 1998 16:50:15 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         john_ashcroft at ashcroft.senate.gov
  Date:         Wed, 16 Sep 1998 16:48:32 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         senator_leahy at leahy.senate.gov, conrad_burns at burns.senate.gov
  Date:         Wed, 16 Sep 1998 16:46:11 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         john_kerry at kerry.senate.gov
  Date:         Wed, 16 Sep 1998 16:44:26 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         info at kyl.senate.gov
    CC:         senator_mccain at mccain.senate.gov, grassley
, cynthia mckinney
I am reading Please help get this MESS settled.
  Date:         Wed, 16 Sep 1998 16:38:25 -0600
  From:         bill payne     To:         abd at cdt.org, info at cdt.org, webmaster at cdt.org
CHRYSLER AWARD NOMINATION STATEMENT
                                9/16/9812:50 PM
American forefathers drafted the Constitution and laws of our country
shortly after having suffered injustice.   Fresh in their minds were strategies used by their oppressors.  Writers
of the Constitution and laws anticipated ways to subvert our system.  Therefore, our forefathers designed
safeguards into our legal system to prevent future injustice.
But these safeguards DONï¿½T appear to be working today.
Morales and Payne designed a strategy using the National Security Agency
[NSA], Sandia National Laboratories, the US Federal Court System, and publication on Internet
to illustrate how the US government has deteriorated.
Arthur Morales WAS a supervisor at Sandia Labs in 1991.  Morales and
Manuel Garcia organized a class action lawsuit on behalf of Hispanics against Sandia.
Sandia settled Moralesï¿½ and Garciaï¿½s lawsuit.  Department of Energy
acknowledged from Freedom of Information Act  [FOIA] requests that as of  December 31, 1995 Morales
cost Sandia $567,137 in legal fees.
Sandia retaliated against Morales.  Morales sued Sandia in New Mexico
District Court.  Morales lost.
William Payne wrote a technical report describing ï¿½deficienciesï¿½  in
NSAï¿½s cryptographic algorithms   Sandia transferred Payne to break
electronics locks for the Federal Bureau of Invesitgation [FBI].  Payne refused to do illegal work. Payne sued Sandia in Federal Court.  Payne lost and court records were
FBI agent Bernardo Perez  led a class action lawsuit against the FBI for
race discrimination against Hispanic
FBI agents.  Perez won.  Perez was assigned agent-in-charge of the FBI in Albuquerque
for settlement.  But Perez lost
Morales and Payne learned that the FBI extorted an inexpensive
settlement from Perez by telling Perez that the FBI was GUARANTEED to
win on appeal in Federal Circuit.
With Perezï¿½ and others knowledge of circuit courts, Morales and Payne
appealed their respective cases pro se to the Tenth Circuit.  In Payneï¿½s case Sandia failed to submit its Brief of the Appellees on
time.  Then falsified its certificate of service when Payne filed to remand.
In Moralesï¿½ case Sandia submitted a deficient Brief of the Appellees
which was returned but failed to serve Morales with its  brief.
Payne and Morales both won at the Tenth Circuit on technicalities.  But
judges awarded the wins to Sandia.
All attempts by Morales and Payne to get copies of the docket for their
respective Tenth Circuit cases failed.
Therefore, Morales and Payne hatched a plan to get the dockets and
expose government misconduct.  Payne previously made FOIA requests to NSA for  copies of messages and
translations given to Iraq during the Iraq/Iran war, copies of Libyan messages intercepted by
NSA, and NSA cryptographic
algorithms Payne thought contained deficiencies.
Morales and Payne sued NSA pro se for the documents. Lawsuit progress
was broadcast on Internet through e-
mail and
          And Payne wrote
 Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms
criticizing the US governmentï¿½s crypto contest.  Morales and Payne FINALLY got copies of dockets from their respective
cases from the Tenth
Circuit using Internet as an innovative tool. Hi Biru,
Sounds good to us.  We know mathematics scares our readers.  But some of our editors like it just fine.  And we don't care much for
the Great Satan around here.
I am not reading e-mail.

@_date: 1998-09-22 19:20:32
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: public key problems 
Tuesday 9/22/98 5:59 PM
Smith I am reading
I scanned-in the attached letter from McNamara.
Morales and I have been considering an appropriate response.
Public key has cost NSA and the gov BIG BUCKs.
Numerical analyst Richard Hanson worked in the same math group as
Simmons, Brickell and Norris.
          Mike Norris, Hanson told me, designed the reciprocal approximation
used for division.
Hanson told me several days ago he knows what went wrong mathematically.
Hanson told me that he is even thinking of writing an article about
I WAS TOLD what went wrong electronically.  By John Wisniewski.
And FUNCTIONALLY by Ron Kulju.
best             FORT GEORGE G. MEADE, MARYLAND 20755-6000
Mr. William H. Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias
Albuquerque, NM 87111
Dear Mr. Payne:
deny your request for a fee waiver for your Freedom of Information Act request for invoices from various companies to NSA for payments for developing public key-related chips or Clipper chip-related hardware between January 1980 and February 1998. Your appeal was received in the Office of General
Counsel on 29 May 1998. I have reviewed your 27 February 1998 request, the Office of Policy's 30 March 1998 response, and your appeal letter; and I have concluded that the fee waiver should not be granted.
promoting an informed citizenry.  The key issue I considered in my review is whether disclosure of the information is likely to contribute to the pubic understanding of the operations or activities of the government. See 5 U.S.C. ï¿½ 552 (a)(4XA)(iii). Implicit in this standard is a requirement to assess the nature of the information requested and whether it will likely be disseminated to the general public and will contribute to increased public understanding of the operations of the government. In order to support a fee waiver; the connection between furnishing the requested information and benefiting the public should be substantial.
assume that you intend to place the material on the Internet. Making information available by posting it on the Internet so that a segment of interested persons might seek access to it does not meet the burden of demonstrating with particularity that the information will significantly contribute to the understanding of the public at large. You have not demonstrated that you have the skills and knowledge to be able to compile, analyze, and turn the materials into a distinct work understandable to the general public. Accordingly, I have determined that the public interest is better served in this instance by requiring, rather than waiving, the fee assessment.
your right to seek judicial review of my decision pursuant to 5 U.S.C. ï¿½ 552(a)(4)B) in the United States District Court in the district in which you reside, in which you have your principal place of business, in which the Agency's records are situated (U.S. District Court of Maryland), or in the District of Columbia.
fee purposes; this entitles you to 2 hours of search time and up to 100 pages free of charge. Your case file has been returned to the Office of Policy. Processing of your request has been suspended pending receipt of your
certified check or money order made payable to the Treasurer of United States in the amount of $750.00. If you have any questions or wish to narrow your request in order to reduce fees, please contact the Office of Policy between 0830 and 1600 EST on 301-688-6527. If we do not hear from you within 30 days, we will assume you are not interested in pursuing this request.
BARBARA A. McNAMARA
Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act
Appeals Authority
Friday February 27, 1998 3:15 PM
By e-mail and US mail
Lieutenant General Kenneth A Minihan, USAF
Director, National Security Agency
National Security Agency
9800 Savage Road
Fort George G. Meade, MD 20755-6000
Dear General Minihan:
Purposes of the letter are to
1  request information under the Freedom of Information Act
2  explore settlement possibilities of our current lawsuit.
In about 1986 Sandia National Laboratories assigned me the task of  design and construction of a Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty seismic data authenticator.
In the initial stages of the project, Sandia cryptographer Gustavus Simmons attempted to convince both Sandia management and NSA employees Tom White, Mark Unkenholtz,
and Ed Georgio that a form of public key authentication should replace NSA employee Ronald Benincasa's National Seismic
Station/Unmaned Seismic Observatory 11-bit data authentication
My Sandia supervisor John Holovka and project leader H B [Jim]
Durham ordered me to write a paper explaining public key This paper,  RSA ENCRYPTION, along with my SAND report
describing my implementation of Benincasa's algorithm and
filings in our lawsuit, now appear on Internet at
 click CRYPTOME, then OpEd,
then Sandia explored the merits of switching from Benincasa's
algorithm to a public key-based authentication method suggested
by Simmons.
For Sandia's evaluation of the merits of public key, electronic tagging,
and Bureau of Engraving and Printing projects ,  I bought for Sandia samples both the Cylink CY1024 and AT&T A & B two chip sets for
modulo m arithmetic computations.
NSA employee Tom White sent me a copy of the SECRET classified
NSA report on IBM's hardware public key chip FIREFLY.
I wrote in my tutorial paper
  RSA hardware computations
  The slow speed of software RSA computations plus the potential
  wide use prompted several companies to build chips which compute
  modular arithmetic to at least several hundred bits.  Most of
  these chips "cascade" to compute with a larger number of bits.
  Corporations involved in building these chips are
     1  IBM  Firefly
     2  AT&T
     3  Motorola (apparently a three chip set)
     4  Cylink   Pittway-First alert
     5  Sandia Labs (Algorithm M and predecessor chip)
  Details of the IBM chip is classified.  AT&T as of July 1987 has
  not released details of their chip.  Little information is
  available on the Motorola chip set.
  The Cylink chip is commercially available.  Its price dropped
  from $1,500 to $600 each in June 1987.  Data is transferred to
  and from the chip with serial shift register communication.
  The early Sandia chip was limited in speed.  The replacement
  chip is cascadeable, communicates with 8 or 16 bits parallel,
  matches the speed of the Cylink chip, but is not out of
  fabrication.
  Rumors circulate that there is about an order of magnitude
  performance difference between some of these chips.
  These hardware chips improve exponentiation speed about 3 orders
  of magnitude over software implementation benchmarked on an Intel
  8086 family microcomputer.
Whitfield Diffie writes about both the Cylink and Sandia chips.  And
is quoted at  Sandia had terrible luck with its public key chips.  I reported SOME of the troubles to Electronic Engineering Times editor Loring Wirbel [ on March 23, 1994.
        Dr. John Wisniewski was a supervisor at Sandia's Center for
        Radiation-hardened Microelectronics.  Wisniewski was a graduate
        student at Washington State University in about 1975.  I was a
        professor at WSU.
        Wisniewski knows all about the failing Sandia chips in the nuclear
        arsenal.  I took notes on February 13, 1993.  Wisniewski reviewed
        the problems again for me.
             1    No quality initiative.  Each chip lot had a different
                  process.
             2    Overall yield - 40-50%.  Down to 10% after packaging.
             3    Metalization problems.  No planarization.  No flow of
                  glass.  Couldn't use high temperature.  Step coverage
                  problems.  Layed down over tension.  100% field returns
                  over several years.
             4    Sandia would store lots of parts for replacements.
        Sandia management made the decision to place low yield parts in
        the nuclear arsenal.  Sandia must meet DOD schedules management
        reasoned.  Hundreds of millions spent on CRM.  Sandia must show
        productivity.
        Wisniewski told me that low yield chip test survivors are those           whichthe tests failed to detect failures.  Wisniewski will talk.          503-625-6408.  Wisniewski now works for Intel in Oregon.  Have         Wisniewski tell you about the fire in the CRM clean room!
Sandia supervisor Jerry Allen later told me it cost $300,000 each to remove
Sandia's failing chips at Pantex from a nuclear bomb.
NSA apparently is biased toward hardware implementations of cryptographic
and authentication algorithms.  As opposed to software implementation.
NSA representatives and Sandia management decided not to use a public
key authentication scheme for its CTBT seismic data authenticator because
of all of the problems with implementing public key algorithms.
But NSA surely has spent MUCH MONEY on public key chip implementations.
NSA is promoting its Clipper crypto chips as described at And we get some information about technical specifications of NSA's Clipper
chip at   Clipper Chip Information
  MYK-78 CLIPPER CHIP ENCRYPTION/DECRYPTION  ON A CHIP      1 micron double level metal CMOS technology      0.35 watts power      28 pin plastic leaded chip carrier (PLCC) package      Transistor to transistor logic (TTL) interface      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at      programming.      Chip ID, family key and device unique key are installed at programming                facility and are completely transparent to the user.
Therefore, Under the provision of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC 552, I am requesting access to: 1  Copies of all invoices from
to NSA for payments for developing ANY public key-related chips between January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
2  Copies of all invoices to NSA from ANY corporation involved in of ANY Clipper chip-related hardware between January 1, 1980 and February 27, 1998.
The public has a right to know how much NSA spent on TRYING monoploize the crypto business.
If there are any fees for searching for, or copying, the records I have requested, please inform me before you fill the request.
As you know, the Act permits you to reduce or waive the fees when the release of the information is considered as "primarily benefiting the I believe that this requests fits that category and I therefore ask that you waive any fees.
If all or any part of this request is denied, please cite the specific exemption(s) which you think justifies your refusal to release the information and inform me of your agency's administrative appeal procedures available to me under the law.
I would appreciate your handling this request as quickly as possible, and I look forward to hearing from you within 20 working days, as the law stipulates.
With respect to our current FOIA lawsuit, I feel that we should settle this
unfortunate matter.
I see from your biography at   and
 that you are
         1979   Distinguished Graduate
         Master of Arts degree in National Security Affairs          Naval Postgraduate School          Monterey, California
One of my former M.S. and Ph.D students in Computer Science,
Ted Lewis, is currently the chairman of Computer Science at
Naval Postgraduate School [
Small world.
But I think that this emphasizes that WE SHOULD all be on the same side.
Not engaged in a conflict in US federal court.  Or on Internet.
NSA attempts to withhold requested information are possibly unwise.  In our wired world the aggrieved know what happened to them.
[ And moderates in Iran, [ appear want settlement too.
My family and I have been damaged by these crypto wars.
I ask you that consider fair settlement of damages caused by the National
Security Agency.
I cannot find your e-mail address on Internet.
Therefore I will forward the e-mail copy of this FOIA/settlement letter to Ray Kammer of NIST [ who along with the FBI [  and NSA are trying to control the crypto business so that Kammer can possibly
forward an e-mail copy of the FOIA/Settlement letter to you.
William Payne
13015 Calle de Sandias
Albuquerque, NM 87111
505-292-7037 [I am not reading e-mail]

@_date: 1998-09-23 14:46:40
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: George Santyana & crypto 
I am reading   Then, in late 1942, the Royal Navy switched codes to the one-time
  pad system. The Nazi tap was lost forever because the
  pad system is unbreakable in both theory as well as practice.
  U-boats could no longer ambush helpless ships like wolves on
  sheep. Convoy after convoy arrived safe and intact, protected in the    armor of an unbreakable code system. The U-boats had
  to change tactics. Germany used the enigma algorithm and machine.
Japan used the purple algorithm.
And look what happened to them.
About crypto algorithms.
        "Those who cannot remember the past are doomed to repeat
         it."                                -- George Santyana, 1905
Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms

@_date: 1998-09-24 19:22:08
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: salman rushdie 
ABQ J 9/24/98 Iran May Withdraw
Writer's Death Threat
LONDON - Author Salman
Rushdie met with British Foreign
Office officials Wednesday amid
reports Iran is preparing to
withdraw the threat on his life.
The late Ayatollah Ruhollah
Khomeini pronounced a "fatwa," death sentence, against Rushdie in
1989 after the publication of his
book "Satanic Verses," which many
Muslims deemed blasphemous.
Islamic militants then put a $2
million bounty on Rushdie's head,
forcing the author to live largely in
under British police protection.
I THINK that I heard tonight and saw Rushie's picture on TV that the above
was called off.
I am reading again your stuff at
Let's all hope for release of the requested documents
and SETTLEMENT.
Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms

@_date: 1998-09-25 21:33:48
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: response much appreciated 
Friday 9/25/98 7:34 PM
raymoon at moonware.dgsys.com
Thanks so much for responding.
I have VB 6.0 and masm 6.11.
Got masm 6.11 working okay.
But I get an error 48 in VB 6.0.
I am sleuthing-out what is going wrong.
By starting simple.
I looked at the NT samples!
I notice that the NT 32 bit code is different from the 16 bit
I thought I might have grossed you out.
And therefore got no response.
I am SICK about what happened.
But the word is getting out.  I got PAID to write the attached.
I will let you know WITH SOURCE CODE of my progress.
And thanks so much for helping.
I am SUPER-PLEASED with
Applied Computer Online Services
2901 Moorpark Avenue Suite 100, San Jose, CA 95128, USA
el: (408) 248-8811 U.S. Sales: (888) 927-7543 or 888-9-APPLIED Fax:
(408) 249-2884
Sam and Joyce were VERY NICE.  Sam declared me a Delphi user.  And, therefore,  I got VB 6.0 for me for $261.43. With its 800 mb of documentation.  Grollier's encylopedia fits on a
650 mb cd rom!
I got a separate sheet showing the billing to my credit card.  Which
I will pass on.
Let me show you the machines I did the work for.
One version used the Forth from my book.
I wrote the assembler dlls for the PC Data System version which
interfaces to VB 3.0.
My feeling is that you might get some CONSULTING business if you create
a FORUM on masm at your site.
John Young is a LEADER on internet FORUMS  And J Orlin Grabbe   who edited the
attached article, is a leader on FORUMS on economics and CLINTON. Grabbe was on 60 minutes.
BUT you have to create a            DYNAMIC SIMPLE SITE containg INFORMATION OF USE.
Hope to hear from you again.  And NOTHING EVIL.
Other than MASM, FORTH, LINK, ML, NMAKE, Microsoft ... Worse, of couse,
the Great Satan.
best Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms

@_date: 1998-09-29 09:29:29
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: complex mathematical formulae 
I hope  enjoys black and white.
"complex mathematical formulae"  aka  pseduomathematics
  Then, in late 1942, the Royal Navy switched codes to the one-time
  pad system. The Nazi tap was lost forever because the
  pad system is unbreakable in both theory as well as practice.
  U-boats could no longer ambush helpless ships like wolves on
  sheep. Convoy after convoy arrived safe and intact, protected in the    armor of an unbreakable code system. The U-boats had
  to change tactics.   Germany used the enigma algorithm and machine.
  Japan used the purple algorithm.
  And look what happened to them!
I hope all of this helps Charles R Smith's business.
Title: Black and White Test of Cryptographic Algorithms

@_date: 1998-09-30 08:44:32
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: hoodwinking  congress 
Wednesday 9/30/98 6:57 AM
J Orlin Grabbe
John Young
I read      Operating Systems
           Netscape & Intel Grab On to Red Hat
                                 Linux
                   as Windows NT Alternative
at  this morning.
I have to get my ï¿½green machineï¿½ assembler code ported to Visual Basic 6.0 using MASM 6.11.
Yesterday I discovered that VB 6.0 uses the flat model.  Thirty-two bit
No segment registers.
No longer will code be backward compatible on Intel processors.
One of my next steps is to get the digital FX working, of course, then
port the PC
sides to NT.
VB 6.0 is using Microsoftï¿½s optimized C compiler to do the Visual Basic
I learned yesterday evening that the PC Data System in Australia is
grading lumber at
2,000 feet per second.
I was in Grangeville, Id at Sherer planer mill in about January of 1996
testing out PC Data System.
  PC Data System - Pentium PC & Windows (R) software system for
production-line lumber     testing - CLT & HCLT I was told last night that Sherer system was only running 800 per
2 x 12 about 16 feet long planks were running continuously through the
machine at Sherer.  Wewear ear plugs the noise was deafening.
Sure be fun to get this mess settled so that I could do more work with
We are in a lull in the GREAT FIGHT.  I thoroughly enjoyed  government crypto
propaganda attempt in view of Black and White.
 Letï¿½s hope some FINALLY figure out that NSA, NIST, and the FBI are
hoodwinking congress on the crypto issue merely for business reasons.  Letï¿½s all hope for settlement before this matter gets WORSE.

@_date: 1998-09-30 21:47:33
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: next article? 
False Security
  			Abstract
ï¿½Why 130 million Wiegand cards are in use throughout the world .
The most secure of all access card technologies.
HID Wiegand cards are virtually impossible to counterfeit... any attempt
to alter them destroys them! ...
Since no direct contact with the card is required, they are totally
making them absolutely immune to the elements and a frustration of
vandals. ...      	The secrets to the security of an
  	HID Wiegand card are those little
      	enclosed wire strips. Once corrupted,
  	they won't work.ï¿½
Access Control & SECURITY SYSTEMS INTEGRATION, September 1998
  http/ Zola Would this be worth some bucks?
Want another FUN article? I would need a BRILLIANT EDITOR to help polish
the ms.  On the other hand, we POSSSIBLY could get this UNFORTUNATE MATTER
SETTLED before it gets WORSE.
copyright bill payne 9/30/98 7:27 PM
Counterfeiting Wiegand Wire Access Credentials
                                   Bill Payne
                                 October 16,1996
                                    Abstract
                  Wiegand wire access credentials are easy and
                  inexpensive to counterfeit.
        Access Control & Security Systems Integration magazine, October
        1996 [ published the article,
             Wiegand technology stands the test of time
             by PAUL J. BODELL, page 12
             Many card and reader manufacturers offer Wiegand (pronounced
             wee-gand) output.  However, only three companies in the
             world make Wiegand readers.  Sensor Engineering of Hamden
             Conn., holds the patent for Wiegand, and Sensor has licensed
             Cardkey of Simi Valley, Calif., and Doduco of Pforzheim,
             Germany, to manufacture Wiegand cards and readers. ...  A
             Wiegand output reader is not the same thing as a Wiegand
             reader,  and it is important to understand the differences.
                In brief, Wiegand reader use the Wiegand effect to
             translate card information around the patented Wiegand
             effect in which a segment of a specially treated wire
             generates an electronic pulse when subjected to a specific
             magnetic field.  If the pulse is generated when the wire is
             near a pick-up coil, the pulse can be detected by a circuit.
             Lining up several rows of wires and passing them by a cold
             would generate a series of pulses.  Lining up two rows of
             wires - calling on row "zero bits" and the other "one bits"
             - and passing them by two different coils would generate two
             series of pulses, or data bits.  These data bits can then be
             interpreted as binary data and used to control other
             devices.  If you seal the coils in a rugged housing with
             properly placed magnets, and LED and some simple circuitry,
             you have a Wiegand reader.  Carefully laminate the special
             wires in vinyl, and artwork, and hot-stamp a number on the
             vinyl, and you have a Wiegand card.
             IN THE BEGINNING
               Wiegand was first to introduce to the access control
             market in the late 1970s.  It was immediately successful
             because it filled the need for durable, secure card and
             reader technology.
               Embedded in the cards, Wiegand wires cannot be altered or
             duplicated. ...
        Bodell's Last statement is incorrect.
        Tasks for EASILY counterfeiting Wiegand wire cards are
        1    Locate the wires inside the card to read the 0s and 1s.
        2    Build an ACCEPTABLE copy of the card.
        Bodell's clear explanation of the working of a Wiegand card can
        be visualized
             zero row    |     |   |
             one row        |          |
             binary      0  1  0   0   1
             representation
        Solutions to Task 1
             A    X-ray the card
             B    MAGNI VIEW FILM,  Mylar film reads magnetic fields ...
                  Edmunds Scientific Company, catalog 16N1, page
                  205, C33,447  $11.75
        is placed over the top of the Wiegand card.
        COW MAGNET,  Cow magnetics allow farmers to trap metal in the
        stomachs of their cows.  Edmunds, page 204, C31,101 $10.75
        is placed under the card.
        Location of the wires is easily seen on the green film.
        Mark the position of the wires with a pen.
        Next chop the card vertically using a shear into about 80/1000s
        paper-match-sized strips.
        Don't worry about cutting a wire or two.
        Note that a 0 has the pen mark to the top.  A 1 has the pen mark
        at the bottom.
        Take a business card and layout the "paper match"-like strips to
        counterfeit the card number desired.
        Don't worry about spacing.  Wiegand output is self-clocking!
        Tape the "paper-match - like" strips to the business card.
        Only the FUNCTION of the card needs to be reproduced!
                                     History
        Breaking electronic locks was done as "work for others" at Sandia
        National Laboratories beginning in 1992 funded by the Federal
        Bureau of Investigation/Engineering Research Facility, Quantico,
        VA.
        The FBI opined that this work was SECRET/NATIONAL SECURITY
        INFORMATION.
        Details of the consequences of this work are covered in
             Fired Worker File Lawsuit Against Sandia
             Specialist Says He Balked When Lab Sought Electronic
             Picklock Software, Albuquer Journal, Sunday April 25, 1993
             State-sanctioned paranoia,  EE Times, January 22, 1996
             One man's battle,  EE Times, March 22, 1994
             Damn the torpedoes,  EE Times, June 6, 1994
             Protecting properly classified info,  EE Times, April 11,
             1994
             DOE to scrutinize fairness in old whistle-blower cases,
             Albuquerque Tribune, Nov 7 1995
             DOE boss accelerates whistle-blower protection,  Albuquerque
             Tribune, March 27, 1996
             DOE doesn't plan to compensate 'old' whistle-blowers with
             money, Albuquerque Tribune September 27, 199

@_date: 2000-10-02 19:04:47
@_author: billp@nmol.com 
@_subject: CDR: Rumkowski and the Lodz ghetto  
Interesting history
We must be careful.
Keep up-wind

@_date: 2000-10-19 20:22:51
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: CDR: zinni on wdms 
I was looking-up one of my former phd students, Lou Banderet, on google
and found
This former phd student of mine lives several miles away.
Sobolewski help implement the hardware for Banderet's phd thesis work.
Morales and I are going to attack tomorrow. I attach.
Did you hear Zinni predict a wdm terrorist attack on TV tonight?  Zinni
may be right.
Keep up-wind
THEY ARE PISSED!  For between 1/8 to 3/4 million good reasons.
There are better things to do.  And more fun too.
I'm still smarting over looking up biru gomez on google.
But I think it's true.
Public key was broken in about 1990 without factoring.
nsa, I learned at sandia, started pulling-out public key from all its
weapons products.  Ron Kulju told me.

@_date: 2000-10-21 19:56:08
@_author: billp@nmol.com 
@_subject: CDR: state lawsuits, geronimo and victorio 
I visited my former phd student sobolewski for advice this afternoon.
On leaving his home - with three of his issues of the Minerological
Record - Sobolewki said
Did you know that Lewis [another of my phd students
  is no longer with Daimler-Benz?
He is now a vp with Kodak.
But that won't help Kodak.
Then I asked Sobolewski, "How do I get into these messes?"
Sobolewki responded, "Don't ask that.  Ask how do you get out of them!"
We are, of course, living on the wild side.
Please read about geronimo and victorio.
And pass the link along.
Morales and I did it.  We filed on Friday afernoon.  I attach and will
None of us could have done this alone.
Keep up-wind

@_date: 2000-10-26 19:56:03
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: CDR: the rain 
Best laszlo
I'm still sick about what happened.
It would be FUN to send the guilty to the Evin for question and answer

@_date: 2000-09-09 19:20:01
@_author: billp@nmol.com 
@_subject: CDR: who is masanori fushimi 
I just did a who is on masanori fushimi in google.
I think we should do some positive stuff
I despise what they did.
NSA lawsuit 1   2   3      Thursday July 27, 2000 09:53

@_date: 2000-09-13 15:11:12
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: CDR: state lawsuit time 
Will be interesting to see how if fed get out of this one.
Maybe the feds can get around to settling some of their other New Mexico
lawsuits next?   Wednesday September 13, 2000 10:00
NSA lawsuit 1   2   3      Thursday July 27, 2000 09:53

@_date: 2000-09-15 18:11:31
@_author: bill payne 
@_subject: CDR: settlement 
Let's get these clinton and gore messes settled.
Time to get on to better things

@_date: 2000-09-17 21:03:50
@_author: billp@nmol.com 
@_subject: CDR: jerry boutelle and real brains 
I was thinking about you when I put this on the net
Boutelle never got a college degree.
I've known lot of phds, including garett birkhoff and don knuth. And ray
duncan too. An md not phd.
Boutelle was a LOT SMARTER, in my opinion, than all of the above.
Boutelle left us a legacy of  genius with the Nautilus 2 metacompiler.
Boutelle is dead.
I missed his wake at Half Moon Bay because of this mess.
I'm getting a bit upset.
Allahu ahkbar

@_date: 2000-09-20 20:01:16
@_author: billp@nmol.com 
@_subject: CDR: pro se fights v smith and wesson 
When I visited google I was agast what the cypherpunks had done.
But, of course, we live on the far side.
Keep it up!
I am.
Smith and Wesson and Sandia Labs have partnered to put microcontrollers
into guns.
Well, Sandia screwed-up the US nuclear arsenal with an 1802  and about
112k lines of assember so we might guess that Sandia will also screw-up
handguns too.
Short time here.  Long time gone.
