
@_date: 1997-12-08 12:31:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Singapore and Germany 
Germany also prohibits the publishers of Radikal,
and people who support mirror sites of their magazine.
Radikal isn't hate speech, though it does advocate
opposition to the power structure.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-08 12:31:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Singapore 
Depends on what you're measuring, and how you add non-commensurate
quantities together.  Singapore, for instance, kills drug dealers,
and informs you about that on the papers they hand you when you
enter the country.  I'd consider that a fairly blatant limitation on freedom.
The US occasionally kills drug dealers, and only very rarely if they
haven't committed other crimes, and in general seldom kills other criminals
in spite of the number of politicians who are Tough On Crime.
As far as I know, neither France nor Germany currently has the death penalty,
and they probably have fewer extrajudicial executions than the US.
The US currently won't arrest you for belonging to a political party,
now that the Anti-Communist laws have been trashed in the courts.
France and Germany will only arrest you for belonging to a few
political parties, and allow a lot of political parties that they
don't arrest you for membership in.  Singapore, if I remember,
held one of the leaders of a major opposition party in jail for
a couple of decades under Lee Kwan Yew, and makes it hard for opposition parties to organize and grow.
Singapore lets you work when you want to work, as long as you're
not doing a politically incorrect job like selling chewing gum or dope.
Germany doesn't really mind you selling dope, as long as your
shop is closed by 18:30 weekdays and earlier on Saturday :-)
(Don't think your customers are allowed to order pizza late, either...)
You can feel safe walking down the streets of Singapore at night.
A nice letter to the San Francisco Chronicle pointed out that the
author also felt very safe walking down the streets of Amsterdam.
Safety doesn't require a tyrannical police state or closed value system.
Without economic freedoms, it's difficult to preserve political and
lifestyle freedoms, especially if the economic limitations go beyond
stealing a lot of your money and into micromanaging how you spend it,
e.g. forbidding unlicensed purchases of printing presses or radio stations.
Without political freedoms, it's difficult to preserve economic freedoms;
if you can't organize and vote out a corrupt or big-spending government,
you're stuck between being constantly ripped off, violent revolution
(which is an expensive activity, especially if guns are hard to get),
or evading government officials (whether it's the Mexican system of
usually small bribes to avoid bigger problems, or the Italian system of
rampant cheating on high income taxes, or the Cypherpunks system
of keeping your income invisible and out of reach.)
Usually, tyrannical governments also want to rip off your money,
and corrupt governments want to keep you in your place politically
so they can continue receiving graft.  Occasionally some society
will be stuck with a tyrannical government that realizes it'll have
more power by letting its people make money, or a greedy do-gooder
society that doesn't mind what you do in your spare time as long
as you pay your taxes.  These situations may happen on the way down
(the greedy do-gooder government officials can't paying themselves
high salaries while collapsing the economy so they go for bribery),
or on the way up (tyrannical but honest leader kicks out corrupt small-timers and mafiosi and the people get more economic freedom
and more predictable if still limited personal freedom.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-08 12:48:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: PRZ/PGP loses it 
This article has lost a few very critical lines,
making it look far worse than it really is.
Network Associates was _not_ formerly known as the
Key Recovery Alliance.  They were formerly known as
McAfee Associates.  McAfee had been a member of the
KRA, but has since withdrawn.  Go see PGP's home page.
And Phil's comments about user consent don't mean that
users _should_ be forced to consent -- viewed in context, they mean that users shouldn't have their keys or
messages escrowed without their consent,
and the escrow features should require consent.
Furthermore, peer-reviewed encryption isn't dead -
the OpenPGP encryption standard is being developed,
bringing PGP to an open standards process.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-12 01:02:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FBI's Kallstrom Retiring 
He was also the main spokeman behind the "TWA800 Was Blown Up By Terrorists,
So Turn In All Your Civil Liberties" campaign.  Now that it's been
fairly conclusively demonstrated that it was a mechanical failure,
it's nice to see him getting the boot.  Hope they make him show
ID before letting him out the revolving door.
Feh.  Now he can look at your Visa cards.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-12 01:04:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A message with a key to be posted later 
The message was posted somewhere near here previously,
without the ice-kicking pegguin part, of course.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-12 12:11:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: BAY AREA CYPHERPUNKS MEETING, SATURDAY 12/13, 1PM, MOUNTAIN VIEW 
The December Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting will be held 12/13 at 1pm at
Printer's Ink on Castro Street in Mountain View.
Depending on the weather and the size of the crowd,
we'll either stay there or move to the Java Something across the street.
Many of the usual suspects have been at the IETF meeting this week,
so there isn't a precise agenda, but there's been a lot of activity
to discuss:
- Dan Bernstein Hearing Dec. 8th - PGP acquired by McAfee / NA
- OpenPGP standards committee - we've reached some probable conclusions
- Any new hacks from Berkeley?
- Lucky Green's Latest Smartcard Tricks
Directions: Printer's Ink. is on Castro St. at the corner of Dana,
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-13 11:20:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Kong Re: Please Beta test my communications cryptography product. 
The web page says that the first beta had some problems, but there
are some good files in its directory, in particular an explanation of
elliptic curves cryptography that avoids most of the math.
The code that's there appears to be visual basic or something similarly unreadable.
Kong is deliberately far simpler than PGP; it looks like it's limited
to the following:
- Signed Message: Delimiter, Message Body, ECC Public Key, ECC Sig.
- Encrypted Message: ECC(SessionKey), RC4(Message Body, SessionKey).    I'm not sure if there are headers that include the recipient's key,
  or if there's any special form for an encrypted-and-signed message.
  I assume there's no multiple-recipient form?
  - there's also symmetric-encrypted form.
- Decrypt Message
- Compare signatures from two messages
It turns out you can replicate many of the functions of PGP
using this set of tools.  And ECC keys are nice and short, so there's
less need for keyservers and such.
- Instead of a keyring, keep a directory of signed messages from people
- To send someone your key, send them a signed message,
- To verify a signature on a new message, compare the signature with one
- To "sign" someone's key, take a message from them, add some introductory
Some technical notes about format:
1) Are the Signer's Name and the ECC key included in the 2) It would be nice if the starting and ending delimiters were different.
3) How are newlines and whitespace in the message body handled for signatures?
4) I'd guess, since you're using 240-bit ECC and base-64 encoding,
5) Is the format of the signature freeform, or do the newlines and Since signed freeform ascii messages from other people can be key certs,
you're not limited to rebuilding reputation capital from scratch.
On the other hand, since certs aren't an automated process,
revocation is tougher than usual to automate as well.
There are three usual reasons for revocation:
1) You've lost all copies of your key (disk crashed, no backups,
2) Someone else found one of your key backup copies.
3) Expiring keys every so often to reduce the risk of 2).
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-14 02:38:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Columbian squib on Bell sentencing 
Does the 11 months include time served?  Also, the Columbian story on Bell had a pointer to which had its top story on a trade pact opening up relatively free trade
in the financial services business.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-14 02:38:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: hashcash spam prevention & firewalls 
Makes sense to run it in a permissive mode for a while first -
sendmail++ could add hashcash to outgoing messages, and mark the
hashcash information in the headers on incoming messages.
The catch is getting it generated - you've got to include it
either in ISP's outgoing relays, or ideally in client software.
(Since hashcash is mainly for spam prevention, relays _could_
just check that there's some valid hashcash going by without
removing it - that's a bit tricky in multiple-recipient mail anyway,
since you'd normally need to include one hashcash per recipient.)
So if you want it adopted, you'd need to talk to the folks at
Qualcomm Eudora and at Netscape, and see if you can get Microslush
to include it in some of their mail clients.  This does have the
advantage that most of the CPU load is calculated on users' machines,
where there's plenty of spare horsepower, rather than on relay
machines which are not only easily tricked, but also tend to have
about as much horsepower as each of the thousands of clients they serve.
Almost any ISP that provides shell accounts can give you a mechanism for this,
whether it's procmail itself or your own relay program that feeds
your mail to procmail before delivering it to you.
Alternatively, some of the boring commercial services like AOL
have Spam-blocking options, and the pobox.com mail relay does also.
These aren't like having your own procmail, but they'll kill off
the well-known spammers for you, e.g. blocking c y b e r p r o m o
and some of the popular harvester programs that advertise themselves
in mail headers.
That has real trouble with mailing lists.
It also creates a valuable soft-target traffic analysis database;
unlike current sendmail logs, it'll probably stick around for
an extended period of time, and be readily subpoenaed.
At a minimum, such a database should keep keyed hashes of addresses
rather than the addresses themselves - that still makes it possible
to check for individual known addresses, but makes it harder
to go fishing for everybody.  The reason for keyed hashes is to
require dictionary attacks to target individual machines,
but the added work factor for hashing the database of usual suspects
for aol.com, compuserve.com, hotmail.com, juno.com, worldnet.att.net,
demon.co.uk, and relay.national.sg isn't that large.
Also, it's easy for spammers to fake replies to themselves to prime the pump for their big spam.  And if you let mailing lists slide,
they can easily forge mail from the mailing lists.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-15 13:04:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Airlines demanding SS #'s??? 
That doesn't mean "Nobody's allowed to use this for identification."
It means "The Social Security Administration doesn't claim that
this card is useful for identification so don't blame them if
the person using it isn't who the card says they are."
The only people you can press charges on are government employees
asking you for SSN information in ways that violate the Privacy Act of 197x, which has been amended several times to water it down, and while the employees can theoretically be
fined for violating it, your chances of collecting are near zero.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-17 16:20:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The naming of the Presidential Pooch 
But - does he inhale?  :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-19 14:44:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: hashcash spam prevention & firewalls 
You're both taking the wrong approach - make the originator of the message
generate the hashcash, and make sure the remailer syntax lets them paste it in
as needed.  For chained remailers, generate multiple layers of hashcash.
Maintaining whitelists is a losing game, but unnecessary here.
Mailing lists are still hard, and perhaps best handled by the user's software
(or some fancy variant like user-selectable filters at the ISP mailbox.)
It's hard to tell a real mailing list from a spammer's mailing list,
and both of them do mail explosion and send their mail to names not listed in the To: line, so it's hard to do a technical fix.
There are scads of attacks against any fix, like having disposable_user at juno.com join the mailing list for a while and them spam it.
But remailers are easy.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-20 08:51:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Identity, Persistence, Anonymity, and Accountability--Part  I of II 
[Tim posted his article on identity, etc. to cypherpunks and nym;
the discussion I'm replying to is primarily on cypherpunks.]
A third category of requirement is displaying the particular form of identification if you're carrying it - for instance, if you're driving,
and carrying a driver's license, you're obligated to display it,
but if you're walking or a passenger, you're not generally required to,
but some states (in particular California) require that if you're carrying a driver's license you're obligated to show it to any cop who asks.  I don't know if the requirements include handing it over or just displaying.
But lying and refusing to cooperate are different; "You can call me John Doe if you'd like" is not a lie, and Supreme Court cases like Brown vs. Texas have determined that you don't have to tell the police who you are even if they're booking you.
On the other hand, the Supremes let police hold you for up to 48 hours
for no particularly good reason (they have a more formal definition than that :-) so exercising your rights may have a cost.
Tim brings up the issue of identity papers for jury duty -
even if you feel like confusing the poor court bureaucrats
by not bringing the PhotoID with SSN, Thumbprint, and DNA sample,
there's probably a requirement to bring the jury duty summons.
(Depending on your motives, your FIJA membership card is a good backup
ID, or your ACLU card if you've got one - don't leave home without it.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-20 09:53:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Is Unix dying--or even dead? 
It's not just price/performance ratio - it's affordable price for adequate performance.
Now that Wintel boxes can crunch integers as well as a Cray-1,
a $2K box has enough horsepower for all but really cutting-edge graphics,
and you're going to buy the same monitor regardless of CPU.
Sure, a $10K SGI probably has far more than 5x the performance,
but not many people need it, especially if they're developing applications for other people to use on cheaper boxes (games...)
as opposed to producing TV shows, music videos, or running
scientific visualization.
That's been a problem for the accounting and office-work for years
- while Microsoft can bloat away any CPU you've got,
an 8086 or 286 box could run spreadsheets, simple chart graphics,
WordStar, a database, BASIC, and Flight Simulator as fast as a PDP-11
for a lot less money, letting the business bootstrap itself
in spite of the ugly excuse for a program loader MS sold for it,
because any developer could afford the $5K (1982) or $2K (1997) box
it takes to develop cool commercially viable applications
(and, yes, you can use a $500 box today, but you wouldn't.)
My 1983 VAX 11/780 cost $400K for a machine with enough horsepower
to support 40-60 users ( A MILLION instructions/sec!  4MB RAM, 1 GB of removable disk, 2 6250bpi tape drives, and a big line printer.)
You might get by spending $250K to support 40 users, including VT100s,
but that's still as much money per seat as a fancy PC, for a
faster but non-graphical environment.  MSDOS was blazingly stupid
and harder to use than Unix, but running on a PC instead of a terminal
makes some things much easier.
If you must run MSware, NT is at least an operating system.
And it's easier to get graphics board manufacturers to write
their drivers for Windows than Linux.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-21 08:38:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: How about a Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting 1/17/98? 
It's a nice idea, and it's my preference as well.
The main schedule conflict is that someone had arranged with
Lee Tien and Cindy Cohn to talk at Cypherpunks on Jan. 10,
and I haven't heard back on whether she's been able to reschedule them
to the 17th.  Lee, Cindy, does the 17th work for you?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-22 04:03:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Making them eat their words... (while they watch!) 
Nonsense, and I'm surprised to hear this from you.
Treat them to the pleasures of the free market -
if you don't like them, start a Boycott M$ campaign,
and see if people stop buying their lousy software.
The direct democracy of the free market is far more appropriate than government here - it's $1/vote, and if enough people vote against M$ they'll get the hint, and it enough people vote _for_ M$, it's none of your business.
It _is_ funny to see the Feds hiring a big corporate lawyer
to run their case; I guess they don't think Federal Prosecutors
are good enough.  Surely if a low-level prosecutor can't hack it,
they should use their boss, and on up the hierarchical chain.
If Janet Reno can't do it either, they should replace her with
someone who can :-) Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-22 17:53:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Frank Olson 
I won't comment on the truth or bogosity of the story, but as far as snail mail goes, US mail at least into the early 60s
was cheaper if you left the envelopes unsealed (like 4c vs. 5c.)
I got the impression it was a leftover from wartime censorship.
And email to some foreign destinations was inherently suspicious -
like Swiss banks.  I once knew a guy who used a remailer for his
mail to his bank - he'd mail it to Raoul at the Tijuana post office,
who'd take the cash and mail the inner envelope to the bank.
Mail covers have been legal for a long time as well -
as with pen registers on phones, they don't need a warrant to
track your traffic.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-23 02:16:21
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Civil War Crypto Question... (fwd) 
Friedman was the WWII / Korean War cryptographer who wrote some of the
main surveys of crypto at the time.  In particular, he wrote a 4-volume set
of books, some of which were declassified, and some which became declassified
after a lawsuit by John Gilmore.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-24 11:51:47
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? (was: Re:  UCENET II and Peter duh Silva) 
It's difficult to do, given the standard settlements arrangement,
though perhaps that may change under the latest confusing rules.
On the other hand, a pay phone carrier _could_ set up their pay phones
with 1-900 numbers (which charge the caller extra) or similar arrangements.
(To avoid burning many 900 numbers, they could have the caller call
1-900-PAYPHON and type in N more digits to specify the phone.)
Besides the privately owned payphones not wanting to receive calls,
the local telephone monopolies would prefer not to have poor people
receiving their phone calls at the local payphone instead of paying
for monthly telephone service, so they don't mind blocking incoming calls.
And mobile business people who use beepers who used to get very annoyed
because they be reached at payphones will just have to buy cellphones;
cellphones cost much less now than a few years ago, and often the
local telephone monopoly is one of the cellphone carriers.
(They're usually also a beeper seller, but that's much more competitive.)
(The last time I went looking for an apartment, I only had a beeper, and
it was _extremely_ annoying not to be able to get callbacks.)
That just leaves sellers and buyers of politically incorrect substances;
the seller can afford a cellphone, but that's too easy to trace,
or a stolen cellphone, but changing the number often makes it hard
for your customers to know your new number.  Meanwhile, the customer can't easily have the seller call back to a payphone.
So the Drug Warriors like banning incoming calls at payphones
(I doubt there's national legislation, but I think there are
local laws in some cities, and the states telephone regulators
probably make it easy also) and the payphone companies don't mind.
The biggest losers are poor people, but nobody cares about them.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-24 11:52:14
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? 
You're actually using more cellular infrastructure resources for the call
if you're the callee, because the carrier has to hunt down your phone
to connect to you, and then tie up the same resources during the call.
On the other hand, you can hang up on spam callers, and many services
give you caller id as part of the cell service, so you can trace
who the spammer is that called you much more easily and harass them
right away, as well as getting a bill for it at the end of the month
which you can also use to harass them.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-24 13:32:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Question on CFB variant with c[i-N] 
Depends on your threat model; you could use the same IV for all c[i<1].
The main reason to do that sort of interleave is to simplify
parallelizing the hardware for speed while retaining
approximately the same security as regular CFB.
You might have some minor security gain because there's less
correlation between p[i] and p[i-N] than p[i-1],
so it's harder to guess things that might help,
but you might have a minor security loss because you're
only mushing together 1/N as much stuff, and you're
more likely to implement something incorrectly :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-25 14:02:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Worm Before Christmas 
The Worm Before Christmas
By David Bradley, Betty Cheng, Hal Render, Greg Rogers, and Dan LaLiberte
T'was the night before finals, and all through the lab
Not a student was sleeping, not even McNabb.
Their projects were finished, completed with care
In hopes that the grades would be easy (and fair).
The students were wired with caffeine in their veins
While visions of quals nearly drove them insane.
With piles of books and a brand new highlighter,
I had just settled down for another all nighter ---
When out from our gateways arose such a clatter,
I sprang from my desk to see what was the matter;
Away to the console I flew like a flash,
And logged in as root to fend off a crash.
The windows displayed on my brand new Sun-3,
Gave oodles of info --- some in 3-D.
When, what to my burning red eyes should appear
But dozens of "nobody" jobs. Oh dear!
With a blitzkrieg invasion, so virulent and firm,
I knew in a moment, it was Morris's Worm!
More rapid than eagles his processes came,
And they forked and exec'ed and they copied by name:
"Now Dasher! Now Dancer! Now, Prancer and Vixen!
On Comet! On Cupid! On Donner and Blitzen!
To the sites in .rhosts and host.equiv
Now, dash away! dash away! dash away all!"
And then in a twinkling, I heard on the phone,
The complaints of the users. (Thought I was alone!)
"The load is too high!" "I can't read my files!"
"I can't send my mail over miles and miles!"
I unplugged the net, and was turning around,
When the worm-ridden system went down with a bound.
I fretted. I frittered. I sweated. I wept.
Then finally I core dumped the worm in /tmp.
It was smart and pervasive, a right jolly old stealth,
And I laughed, when I saw it, in spite of myself.
A look at the dump of that invasive thread
Soon gave me to know we had nothing to dread.
The next day was slow with no network connections,
For we wanted no more of those pesky infections.
But in spite of the news and the noise and the clatter,
Soon all became normal, as if naught were the matter.
Then later that month while all were away,
A virus came calling and then went away.
The system then told us, when we logged in one night:
"Happy Christmas to all! (You guys aren't so bright.)"

@_date: 1997-12-26 17:30:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks IRC Christmas Eve Party 
Great - cypherpunks are grouchy enough when they're not hung over :-)
(Actually, caffeine appears to be the drug of choice for many of us,
plus miscellaneous amino acids and other strange entropy-fighters...
but it was hard to pass up a straight line.)
Pipenet would be the right choice, if we had one, or DC-nets.
I don't know if the Onion Router stuff is still web-only or if it's
also supporting telnet applications.  Alternatively, someone could
build an IRC laundry without much difficulty, but you'd have to trust
the administrators.  IPSEC provides privacy for communications,
but doesn't protect the connection information very well,
though IPSEC between firewalls is at least a partial mix.
Once IPSEC is widely deployed, it may be interesting to piggyback a pipenet-like system on top of it, basically a
bogus-traffic generator that's keeps packet levels fairly constant.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-27 07:34:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
I don't see freedom of association listed anywhere there;
you might construe it as a "taking" or something, but it'd be a stretch.
Also, there was a really appalling court case in the 1890s
(Plessey vs. Ferguson), in which the Supremes ruled that states
could require segregation with separate but equal accommodations;
it was somewhat overturned by Brown vs. Board of Education in 1954,
but the idea that the government can tell you how to run your business
is long established (after all, we'd need much smaller governments
if they couldn't be interfering in business.)
A Denny's restaurant in Maryland had two groups of customers
show up one day, one group black, one group white, both about 6-8 people,
both arriving at the same time, both groups out-of-uniform cops.
The white people got served promptly, the blacks got served
extremely late and rudely.  And sued, and won.
(I was mainly surprised that the white cops got served fast;
my experience in Denny's has almost always been slow bad service,
except for one restaurant in Pennsylvania that hasn't learned
how to act like a real Denny's :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1997-12-27 15:41:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: BAY AREA CYPHERPUNKS MEETING 1/17/98 - Preliminary Schedule announcement 
The January Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting will be on January 17th,
rather than the normal second Saturday, to accommodate the RSA conference
and W3C conference that will be in town that week.
The agenda is not set, but will include
- Export law presentation by Lee Tien, Greg Broiles, and maybe Cindy Cohn
- Secure DNS export
- Latest PGP / McAfee / Network Associates merger and related discussion
- More topics appreciated
Location will probably be PGP headquarters in San Mateo, but may
be another convenient Bay Area location.
A more detailed announcement will follow.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-04-04 02:45:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: V-Chip Reruns... 
While this was a parody, I did recently see a TV news segment
discussing ratings regulations on TV and the Internet.
They interviewed one parent who was quite concerned -
her daughter had her own TV in her bedroom, and there
was no way to know what she might be watching, what with
cable tv carrying all sorts of things.....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-04-05 23:28:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Leahy's Crypto Wake-up Call 
Easy, Constitutional, and doesn't need any new legislation - all you need is a warrant or subpoena to tell anybody to
produce those records and materials they have.
If they didn't save a recording of their telephone call or email,
or think the Fifth Amendment reasonably prohibits them
from being compelled to incriminate themselves,
then the prosecution doesn't get anything.  No problem,
and it's worked quite well for 200+ years.
There may be cases where there's some foreign jurisdiction
over communications with US persons, either travellers or
emigrants to those governments' territories, and they can
use whatever methods are locally popular; some of them,
like torture, tend to require strongly worded notes
from the State Department complaining about such behaviour.
But as you say, I think not, and no, they don't get it.
Just because Leahy is willing to allow businesses to export
things doesn't mean he isn't a tool of Big Brother.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-04-15 19:23:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Denning 98 
So is there a lab, or is it classroom-only?  :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-04-16 23:11:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: DataFellows wins President's Export Award 
It's nice that _some_ presidents give awards for crypto export
instead of trying to stop it!
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-04-19 14:48:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Lawful access" vs warrants:  I found the difference today! 
Reagan wasn't senile yet in 81.  :-)  But yes, it's scary.
Even though there basically aren't any foreign Commies left any more,
there's always The Pope, and Zionism, and Foreign Drug Cartels, and foreign embassies*, and foreign-based MultiNational Corporations, and people with accounts in Swiss banks or Anguillan computers.  Power isn't just for governments any more.
Anarchists distinctly don't work for foreign powers, but it's
close enough for government work.
And more importantly, if by Executive Order, the President
claims that granting the executive branch "access"
to things makes it "lawful", then nobody's safe from fiat law.
* If they clue in to Elgoland and Vargaland, some of us could
be in Big Trouble :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-04-26 23:52:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Surveillance of police raids... 
Fox TV is currently running a week of Really Exciting High-Speed
Police Car Chases and Really Scary Police Shootout Videos.
I doubt that the raid on Don Scott's farm is included....
On the good side, they're also running a few shows on privacy
and identity theft, though tonight's edition mainly talked about
getting of junk mail lists.  And they run The Simpsons.
On the somewhat hypocritical side, they've got a series of commercials about   "Is this for the media to decide?"
"our news is really objective, just the facts, you decide",
while also running America's Most Wanted Thought Criminals
and "Cops Are Cool - Heh Heh - Heh Heh".
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-04-26 23:53:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Position escrow 
As usual, some of the important questions are scale, threat model,
and economics.
If you're in the Retail Pharmaceuticals business, trying to
solve the problem for yourself and a few of your best customers,
it's much simpler than solving the problem for The Masses.
Steal some cellphones, or steal some credit cards and buy some
cellphones, or hire a street person to rent a cell phone for you.
If the cops know they're looking for cellphone 202-654-3210,
they can call you, but they don't know who you are,
and even direction finders may only tell them that
the holder of that phone is somebody walking down Pennsylvania Ave.
On the other hand, if the cops are looking for _you_,
they may not have your phone number.
The Cheesebox story was quite nice, and would work better today, with automated PBXs available - it would have worked
even better 10 years ago, when PBX hacking was easier.
Another small-scale solution is to use ham radio repeaters with
phone patches, assuming they're still widely available.
Tracing it tells the cops they need to go find an FCC RDF truck
to drive around South Silicon Valley looking for someone
with a pocket-sized 2m or 70cm handheld radio who doesn't
talk more than 1 minute at a time, or maybe just listens.
If they catch you, you could be in Big Big Trouble for using
a ham radio without a license!
Another part of the scale is that not only is tracing a lot of work,
as others have pointed out, but not everybody goes taunting
Tsutomo and continually reminding everybody that they
haven't yet caught him, the way Dread Pirate Mitnick allegedly did.
If you're just Yet Another Pot Dealer, the FBI, NSA and FCC will probably tell your local police that a 75-gram dope deal is
less important that Cliff Stoll's 75-cent accounting difference.
On the other hand, maintaining a professional level of paranoia
all the time while doing business for a few years is more than
most FBI Targets are willing to bother doing.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-08-02 23:39:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: pcanywhere 
It's a commercial program - try Egghead.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-08-06 23:12:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: text analysis 
RAM is cheap - any 486 computer and most 386 computers has at least 4MB.
In the US, most new PCs have 16MB or more, and many have 64MB.
But learning how to program efficiently is still important :-)
And some computers have operating systems that make it hard
to use all of the RAM.
Disk is cheaper - almost all new computers have 1GB or more,
and most older desktops have at least 200MB.
You probably should use 32-bit integers to store your counters,
but you need to make sure your program does the right thing
if you exceed counts of 2**31.
Are you counting all kinds of text, or only words made of alphabetic
characters and spaces and punctuation, or only ASCII 127-bit?
Your 1024 number is 32*32, which sounds like only alphabetic and spaces;
if that's good enough, you could do 32*32*32*32 with 4-byte counts
and still fit in 4MB.
If you want all 256 possible 8-bit characters, two characters requires 64K counters (256KB).   Trigrams require 16 million counters
if you allocate space for them all, which is 64MB, and may be expensive.
But you could store 256*256 pointers in 256KB, and allocate memory
for 256-counter arrays only for the digrams that appear,
and probably save lots of memory.  You could also store the counts on disk, and keep only the more frequently used arrays of counts in RAM.
This was how we did things in the old days, when almost everything
was too big for RAM, and it really is much slower if you're not careful :-)
If you have a machine with a real operating system, you can pretend keep your counters in RAM and let the operating system
decide what to page out to disk.  Think about this carefully,
because it can be very fast or very slow depending on how
well you write your programs.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-08-06 23:12:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SecDrv and Win95 
Never Never Trust GOST !!!  The security of GOST depends on the quality of the S-Boxes (or whatever
the equivalent fields in GOST are called).  The Soviets provided
different sets for military and civilian use, and unless you know a lot
about the design, you can't tell strong ones from weak ones -
you have to worry about differential and linear cryptanalysis,
plus any other attacks that may have been developed over the years.
You're better off using 3DES if you like old slow algorithms;
in this case, I'd stick to Blowfish.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-08-10 16:36:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: compression vs encryption 
Compression makes stuff smaller; encryption keeps stuff private.
Compression works by not sending data you don't need -
there are lossless compression systems, like simple run-length encoding
and more complex systems like Huffman and Lempel-Ziv,
which build abbreviations for common strings, and lossy compression systems like some JPEG and MPEG modes
and most voice compression systems which discard information
that doesn't have much effect on the user's perception of the image/sound.
You can find books on compression techniques, and can find
compression discussed in general books on algorithms.
For lossless compression, you can get by knowing simple math,
like probability and statistics, though it helps to know
about polynomials and modular arithmetic and such. For image compression, it helps to know about discrete cosine transforms and that sort of math.  Audio compression includes simple techniques like
Adaptive Differential Pulse-Code Modulation, for which a little
calculus is helpful but not too critical, and complex techniques
using frequency spaces, Fourier transforms, and various models
of the human vocal tract, for which you need more math.
RLE is simple, and can work well or badly depending on the data.
For each set of repeated characters, it sends the character and count.
If the data usually has long runs of values, e.g. lots of black
and lots of white, it wins; if most values happen once in a row, it loses.
With Huffman coding, the input strings are usually the same length,
e.g. single letters, and the output strings are variable length,
with short output strings used for more frequently used inputs,
and longer output strings used for less frequently used inputs;
the more you know about the statistics of the input stream,
and the more unbalanced the statistics are, the smaller the output.
With Lempel-Ziv, the output strings are almost-constant length
indexes into a table of input strings which is built dynamically,
so the first time the compressor sees a string "ab", it creates a
table entry and sends the entries for "a" and "b", and the next time it sees "ab", it sends the code for "ab" (and also creates the code for "abc", if "c" is the next entry....)
There are also books about encryption.
Bruce Schneier's book "Applied Cryptography" is popular and good.
Most encryption systems compress their plaintext before encrypting,
partly because it's usually faster, partly because you can't
make encrypted text smaller by compressing it, and partly because
it can be more resistant to attacks like known-plaintext and chosen-plaintext.
If evil people can get on your system, you lose.
Encryption is part of protecting a system, but not enough.
Encrypting your disk drives helps reduce the risk if
they steal your computer (when police steal computers,
they use fancy words like "subpoena" and "confiscate", but it's the same thing :-).  Encrypting your email
means that evil people can't read it when it's in transit.
But if they can break in to your machine because you're using Windows or a badly-configured Unix system,
they may be able to read your mail or files before you encrypt them,
or read your incoming mail after you decrypt it,
or replace your encryption program with something that
also lets them decrypt the mail, and you still lose.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-08-16 00:17:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CLINTON/STARR SCRAMBLED 
They were going to use a safer, though less interactive technology,
but fortunately some WhiteHouse staffer realized that _somebody_
out there would make a joke about "Sex, Lies, and Videotape"
and it'd be all over for Slick Willy...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-08-16 23:22:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Internet is rickety 
This isn't coderpunks material; I'm copying to cypherpunks instead.
(I've also removed letters at sjmercury.com from the Cc:.)
Physical damage is one thing; logical-level damage is another.
Some newer vulnerabilities are the DNS system and routing protocols.
There was a major DNS failure a year or so ago when NSI or one of the
root servers published a garbled database; I don't remember details.
That's annoying, but easily noticed, and easy to work around,
and easier to prevent happening in the future.  But it's also easy
to trick the DNS root servers from outside (as Kashpureff did),
or mess with them inside (I forgot why Postel did that recently.)
A more serious problem occurred when some small ISP misconfigured
their Border Gateway Protocol parameters, announcing to the whole world
that their little T1 line was the best way to get almost anywhere
from almost anywhere else.  This was only mildly untrue until a
few large providers updated their tables to reflect it, at which point
their T1 started to melt, taking much of the Internet down with it.
This kind of thing _can_ happen again; the interesting problem
is what if somebody deliberately starts doing it a lot....
And much of the world's traffic goes through MAE-WEST and MAE-EAST,
as a way of getting between ISPs, though bigger carriers
have direct connections between their networks, and many small ISPs
at least have direct connections to their continent-wide carriers.
The MAEs and other NAPs get slow fairly often, and occasionally
just get fried; a major outage could be a serious problem,
so the fact that MAE-EAST lives in a parking garage in the DC area
may or may not bother you.
That's three ways that the whole Internet can have serious trouble;
there are presumably a number of others, if you believe in Murphy
or believe the L0pht's announcements.
Then there are more subtle problems - what happens if Altavista dies?
(Yes, there are other search engines, but probably 3-5 major ones.)
And there are the increasing number of portal and free email services from
Hotmail, Excite, Altavista, MyYahoo, Netscape, etc.,
which will take out large numbers of users' mail access if any of them dies.
And then there's AOL, which is probably a pretty robust design,
and which may or may not be missed by people on the _real_ Internet
if it dies for a while, but could also cut off lots of users from the net.
Also, much of the robustness derives from having _enough_ excess bandwidth
in the network that if you lose a good chunk of it, you'll still have
enough for the remaining users (the nuclear war scenario does reduce
the user population as well as the network...)  But you can get into
localized problems, for example the cable cut that trashed uunet's access to Florida the other week, and the Internet doesn't have a widespread priority
mechanism to identify "more important" traffic, though there are
many mechanisms for prioritizing individual users' networks.
It still works pretty well, but that doesn't mean it's not rickety.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-08-18 00:39:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Private Doorbell - Re: CRYPTO-GRAM, August 15, 1998 
Bruce Schneier wrote in his newsletter
Based on the talk by Elizabeth Kaufman from Cisco at the Bay Area
Cypherpunks meeting, I'd say you're wrong.  (I'm pleasantly surprised;
this is the first "compromise" I haven't rabidly disliked.)
(Elizabeth says not to blame her for the name, it's Cisco's PR folks' fault.)
The Private Doorbells proposal says that routers that encrypt
have a clear side and a black side, and if you want to wiretap them,
you can already wiretap the clear side, so Louis Freeh should be happy enough
(since it meets the "legitimate needs of law enforcement",
even though it the blocks no-warrant no-knock wiretaps he'd really like) so just give us the export permits we want and stay off our backs.
There's no special key escrow in the routers, it's just
doing what encrypting routers do already, and if Big Louie wants
to wiretap an ISP today, he can try to get a warrant and then do it.
It seems to me that there's a minor catch - routers with
multiple private-line encrypted interfaces can decrypt and
encrypt traffic without ever hauling it through an Ethernet
where it'd be easy to tap, but most of those configurations
still have an Ethernet somewhere, and any Bad Guy who's doing encryption
at the endpoints ought to be using end-to-end encryption anyway.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-06 17:42:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: (eternity) democracy is a bad idea on the net too! (fwd) 
At 02:47 PM 12/5/98 -0600, Jim Choate wrote, not in this order:
Huh?  We talk about this all the time.  How much does data storage cost,
and how long is the information useful to readers and writers,
and how do these change over time?   Those are some of the main factors
that drive the potential pricing structures -- if you get them
wrong you either bleed money (so nobody wants to offer the service)
or overcharge (so almost nobody wants to buy it), but if you get
them right you might Make Big Bucks, if you're good and there's
really a market for this sort of thing.
Not in any way that matters, and this _is_ a critical free-market point.
Yes, rich folks can pay for eternity services that carry all the
information they care about, just as they can pay for web pages they want,
because they've got money to burn and can overpay for it,
while you politically correct poorer folks can pay for the information
you want, but only if it's economically viable, just as with the web.
Get used to it.  Information storage isn't an economic good like land,
where they ain't making any more of that stuff, so if rich people
can outbid you for the fixed supply you lose - it's a good that
increases in supply as money gets thrown at people who generate it,
and having rich people making the cover traffic grow is a Good Thing.
As has been discussed on this list before, there are two main
components to the cost - the cost of storage and the cost of retrieval.
Storage keeps getting radically cheaper and larger every year, and
you could provide storage forever for about twice the cost of one year's storage, assuming minimal inflation and continual technology improvement.
On the other hand, the cost of retrieval depends on how often the
document is accessed, as well as for how long - you could probably provide
a fixed N accesses per year forever for a low fixed price,
because bandwidth will keep getting cheaper,
but to accommodate any volume of retrievals, you need to charge
per access, either as digicash or perhaps substitutes such as banner ads
if they bring in enough revenue (Geocities apparently thinks they do.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-09 16:20:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Chocolate Rations, Strange-Looking Seed Pods, and quid for "The Wassenaar Arrangement" 
"The Wassenaar Arrangement" really does sound like the title for a bad Robert Ludlum novel.....
But the posting about the Blair Administration taking their
anti-key-escrow positions off their official web sites
does sound like the History Department's been at it again.
I've been going through yet another round of airline security people
imposing some new requirement and claiming it's "always been that way" or
"been that way for a long time, ever since I started working here."
The latest round is wearing hats through the X-Ray machine - they insist you take your hat off, even if you didn't beep,
and that it's an "FAA requirement".  San Jose started doing this about a year ago, but this is the first time San Francisco has done so, even though they claim otherwise
(though I probably haven't worn a hat there since last rainy season.)
Most people who wear hats at San Jose airport are Mexicans in
cowboy hats, who probably don't care all that much; I'd expect that
the first guard at LaGuardia or Kennedy who tries to insist
that the Lubavitchers take their hats off in submission to the government
will find themselves surrounded by annoyed bearded men talking
about religious discrimination lawsuits....
Personally, I wear a hat because it keeps my head from getting cold,
now that I no longer have as much OEM insulation on it as I used to,
and while I don't have any religious rules requiring me to wear a hat,
I _am_ a Quaker, and we have a history of getting uppity about
governments insisting that everybody take their hats off in submission to government officials, or address them as "Your Highness",
or other things that suggest one child of God is worth less than another.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-09 16:39:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Web Hosting Providers in Many Countries?  For crypto archives. 
John Gilmore has proposed setting up crypto archives in
many countries to avoid Wassenaar restriction problems.
Does anybody have a good source for information on web hosting providers
or other ISPs in a variety of countries around the world?
Shell accounts are nicer, because it's easier to create
servers that check where the request is coming from,
for countries that insist you only provide access to their citizens
but still allow you to do that on a web site.  The US doesn't
appear to have strictly defined legal requirements for such sites (YET)
and places like MIT have gotten quite flexible about it.
Also, are there any good sources of relatively private VISA
credit cards, preferably outside the US, that can be used
to rent computer accounts with?
There are other crypto distribution methods that, while slower,
are still legal from the US - censoring printed books embarasses
them a bit still, though some other countries don't have
the same squeamishness even though they may be less interested
in banning the material.  Printing PGP source books was annoying,
but a week's delay in shipping few-page crypto subroutines
isn't that serious, especially if it's in a scanner-friendly format.
Any guess how the various countries feel about faxes of source code?
And, of course, shipping or even selling source for 40-bit RC4
and 512-bit RSA is pretty simple, even if you don't include the note
"WARNING: DO NOT CHANGE THE  KEYLENGTH TO 128 OR THE
 MODULUSLENGTH TO 2048 AND RECOMPILE"
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-15 17:26:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: I Got Mine 
It does somewhat resemble inviting vampires into your home,
in that it's a bad idea, they can do whatever they want when
they're there, and they won't leave until they feel like it.
On the other hand, vampires usually can't get search warrants,
while police usually can. :-)
A while back, maybe 5 years ago, I posted a copy of an article
called "Don't talk to cops" or "Don't talk to police",
which may still be in the archives somewhere.  Its advice was somewhat New York State oriented, but applies
reasonably generally throughout the US for the case of
police coming to your home (car searches are different,
and vary far more by state.)
Not true in California.  If you *possess* a California Driver's License, and have it on your person, and a California cop asks you to produce it, you are required to do so, even if you're not driving.  You're not required to carry it if you're not driving,
but if you are carrying it, you've got to fork it over.
This may not apply if you're on your own property - I don't think that that variant has been tested in court.
But if you're on public property, you've got to provide it.
If you live in other states, it's worth knowing the local regs
about such things as well.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-20 06:49:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: international free crypto campaign 
They're _all_ animated blinking things.  Ugly.
Some of them have good content, but there need to be
static non-animated regular GIFs.
Aside from the aesthetic issues, there are probably still browsers
that don't support them, and certainly anything printed on
dead trees or other static media won't display the animation.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-20 17:41:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: How to Spot a Government Infiltrator 
At 05:57 PM 12/18/98 -0800, some allegedly anonymous dissipator
forwarded an allegedly militia-movement article on
and why you should be afraid, very afraid.
Back in the 60s-90s, the Peace Movement dealt with this
kind of problem as well, with the FBI and others trying
to interfere with their interference with government.
And the Commies and Labor Movement before them.
Now it's the right wing's turn, as well as
libertarians, and crypto-privacy advocates, and
financial-privacy advocates, and chemical-privacy enthusiasts.
Not a problem here - anybody can subscribe to the list,
and the physical meetings are open.  We even had a guy from
Colorado who said his name was "Lawrence" who hung around
for half a meeting and disappeared quietly before
any public notice was taken of his probable identity :-)
Certainly we've got no problem with that here :-)
Ok, it has happened, and the tools that people built dealing
with Detweiler(s) and spammers have been the beginnings of things
we'd need in the future anyway.
In this case, it's "wants to get everybody to export crypto and get busted",
but the good guys do that too.
I was once at a roughly 10-person protest against the previous day's workers-without-identity-papers bust by the local La Migra, cops, and press,
and one of the folks from "Refuse and Resist" who showed up kept saying we should go out and bust the sheriff's departments' heads.
Maybe he was just a bad peacenik as opposed to a provocateur.
The classic way that Commies recognized infiltrators during the
Red Scare days was that they were the ones who paid their dues :-)
In the cypherpunk business, nobody's unemployed, they're just
computer consultants, or freelance journalists, or professional investors, or retired successful entrepreneurs, or financial privacy consultants
who attend money laundering conventions, so this one's no help;
might as well suspect folks who are long-term employees of
telecommunications monopolies or defense contractors.....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-20 17:48:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CyberScam 
At 12:43 PM 12/16/98 -0800, Tim May wrote
Don't be an old fogey, Tim :-)  I've heard the phrase from
young and otherwise at least semi-educated people.
Like, language evolves, y'know -- it's far out that the
younger generation is participating in the literary process, man.
Donaldson's law suggests that Sturgeon was an optimist,
and one hopes that this phrase will soon be recognized for
its place in the 90+% and fall out of fashion,
rather than spurring a major industry like the annoying
"Successories" wall-plaques with MBA/salesdroid jargon on them.
At least its meaning is generally clear in context,
unlike some of the popular post-modernist drivel,
and its artificial stupidity is no more artificial than using "mea culpa" in modern English.
Similarly, IRC and CuSeeMe appear to be nym-oriented rather than
real-sounding-name-oriented.  AOL isn't exactly the internet,
but it tends to use screen names.  I'm not sure about ICQ, but I think it's also nym-oriented, and it's got 10 million or so users.
The Better Business Bureau has been around much longer than that?
Ward Christiansen, inventor of XModem, also credits himself with
inventing the "first" BBS in 1978.  Perhaps it was the first for
cheap PCs, but I'd already been using the Plato Notesfile system for about 3 years by then, which was really just a better BBS running on a much more expensive computer and terminals
(plus it had multiplayer interactive Space War :-)
and it wasn't too new when I started using it.
And ARPAnet mailing lists had been around for quite a while before 78,
as well as mailing lists in the BITnet/CSnet/Phonenet environments.
Usenet emerged around 1981, and for the first few years was
primarily running on dialup UUCP as well as higher-speed LANs
of various sorts.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-24 04:58:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS 
It should probably reduce them a bit, depending on your UPS design,
but if you have to worry about people monitoring your electricity
for contraband bits, you've got a whole raft of other things
you'd better start taking care of, like disk encryption and
offsite backups and signs on the door indicating that you
will or will not shoot at police if they do or do not have warrants....
The converse is that if you've got an electrical filtering system
as part of your TEMPEST protection, whether it's in your computer's
power supply or separate or both, you tend to have really nice
clean power feeding your computer, which is a Good Thing.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-24 04:58:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Jury Duty 
The Fully Informed Jury Association web page is  .
They've been the primary organization promoting Jury Nullification issues
for the last N years, and there's some good material there.
The question I'd ask is why you _want_ to get off jury duty.
Just to avoid wasting your time?  Don't like courts or the current laws?
Don't like having to judge other people?  Generally cantakerous? :-)  If the problem is wasting your time, how much time gets wasted
depends a lot on your county.  Most counties call far more people
than they need to be potential jurors, just in case they need them,
and take different approaches for winnowing down to the numbers
they actually need for real cases.  The place I live now makes you
call a recorded message every night to see if your number's come up.
On the other hand, a county I used to live in made you show up
in person for the first four days whether you were needed or not,
and this was before laptop computers so I couldn't do much work there.
Another county I lived near makes the lawyers all show up Monday,
and takes care of all the jury selection that day.
On the other hand, if you are picked, and the trial is expected
to take a long time, the voir dire process generally includes
asking if this is going to cause a major hardship,
which is why juries on those cases are usually made up of
retired schoolteachers, retired military, and postal workers.
But most county jury trials seem to be civil cases, like car accidents
and such, which are usually pretty quick.
For criminal cases, the job of the jury has always been to judge
the law and its applicability as well as the facts of the case,
regardless of what the judge and prosecutor tell you
(though the judge's instructions on the law usually are
relatively good advice.)  If you think the law's bad,
like drug laws, or being applied unfairly in the case at hand,
or that the penalties are way out of line for the crime,
you can vote not guilty, and you can try to convince your
fellow jurors to do the same.  Your duty is to vote your conscience.
Alternatively, if you really want to get out of jury duty anyway,
handing out FIJA literature in the jury pool waiting room
and discussing the issues with your fellow potential jurors
should either get you thrown out quickly, because they don't
want your subversive kind around, and similarly,
if you get as far as the jury selection process,
being an intelligent and opinionated type often makes
you an undesirable juror in either civil or criminal cases,
so they may still reject you.  But if you're the political activist type, rather than just trying to get out of jury duty, you can get stuck on some automobile accident or dog bite lawsuit where there's basically no FIJA issue at all and you're just
deciding who's 65% at fault and how much pain and suffering
their whiplash really caused :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-24 07:56:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: I must admit. . . 
Well, depending on time zones, I may have just missed your deadline,
but it's pretty close.  It shouldn't be that tough to do - get some anthrax*, and go find a flock of sheep and ask for volunteers willing to help their country.  Any that don't run away fast enough
will do, so herd them into pens where you can manage them.
Give them some skin cuts and dust them with your starter supply.
When they get infected enough and die, collect the pus from the wounds
and handle it carefully, preferably with gas masks and rubber gloves.
Now that you've replenished your starter supply, deposit the used sheep on the Pentagon's front step, light some black candles, ring the doorbell, and run.
Alternatively, if you don't like killing poor cute mammals that are
even dumber than Democrats, you can grow the stuff in Petri dishes.
More seriously, though, anthrax isn't some exotic hard-to-grow disease;
before modern sanitation and plastic brush bristles, there were at least occasional problems with anthrax infection in shaving brushes and
hairbrushes made with bristles from infected pigs, and training for barbers
included sterilizing brushes to prevent it.  The trick is in making sure
you don't get infected yourself, and also in manufacturing it in
military quantities and militarily-convenient delivery systems.
If all you're trying to do is smuggle it into the Pentagon cafeteria
or the Yankee Stadium hot dog stands, rather than take out a whole city
like government-employed terrorists do, it's not that tough.
A more appropriate distribution approach would be for a US-based Iraqi
to fire a Stinger missle at one of the US Army's Chemical or Biological
Warfare development facilities.  After all, the White House has announced
that blowing up weapons of mass destruction is a Good Thing....
[ *Anthrax is a naturally-occurring organism, so it's not cheating to
start the process with "get some Anthrax" rather than by synthesizing it.]
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-24 08:21:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: DOES U.S. INTERVENTION OVERSEAS BREED TERRORISM? 
While I agree with the need to discourage interventionist foreign policy,
and especially to keep the US from using terrorism as an excuse for further
erosions of civil liberties at home and as an excuse for maintaining
and finding new work for the increasingly-unnecessary standing army,
I have to disagree with the notion that US foreign policy was "restrained" for its first 150 years - it was just focused on "our" Western Hemisphere.
The first 40-50 years were primarily occupied with the British,
but also included the Louisiana Purchase and consolidation of control
and wars with the Indian Nations in that territory, plus the
"Monroe Doctrine" which said that the Western Hemisphere was the US's,
and no other colonialism could happen, though we weren't quite ready yet.
But after that, it was open season for the "Manifest Destiny" expansionists,
conquering Northern Mexico (with some Texan help), subjugating any Native tribes that the Mexicans hadn't done in, taking the rest of North America
between Canada and the now-smaller Mexico, including Washington and Oregon,
though they were restrained enough not to carry out "54 40' or Fight!".
During the middle of this period, there was that nasty little event,
the Reconquest of the Confederacy.  While the southern states had
seceeded primarily to protect slavery, and the US invasion was
largely driven by nationalists who wanted America to control as
much of North America as it could.
Then there was the Teddy Roosevelt conquest of Spanish Caribbean territory,
with the additional bonus of the Philipines,
and a century of intervention in places like Haiti and Nicaragua
(when did the Marines first go there?  1905?).  Much of US intervention
in Latin America was on behalf of fruit and sugar companies,
just as the conquest of the Kingdom of Hawai'i had been,
and it was only after WWII that they could blame it on Commies.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-24 09:03:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS 
Neither one will make a dent from a Tempest perspective,
though the foil might disperse heat enough to protect your dope farm :-)
Bettter to build an RF-tight box for your PC and use fiber cables,
and you'll still need to do really special power filtering.
The Army used to use copper screen cages for computers back in the 70s,
which got about 60dB worth of shielding.  When I ran a TEMPEST-shielded
room in the mid-80s, the specs said (roughly) that you needed 100dB
of shielding for a room with computers in it, and the room technology
we used gave about 110-120dB depending on how tight our door gaskets were.
It used particle board with sheet metal on both sides and special
edge/corner joints, and you packed copper-wool into any loose area
and copper tape on any flat areas that had leaks.  At the time you needed to be very careful about joints between anything,
because RF just _leaks_, and we watched frequencies up to about 450MHz,
since then-current computer equipment didn't have harmonics at
anything like that high a frequency - but it still didn't take much
of a leak to peg the meters, in spite of that being a .6 meter wavelength.
Well, 1.5MIPS Vaxen are a bit out of date now, 300MHz Pentiums are common,
and they've got all sorts of harmonics out there.
If you want a penetration in the walls, e.g. for air or fiber optic cables,
you needed some ratio I've forgotten between the depth and width of the hole;
A two-inch deep hole could be about 1/4" across -- your 1/2" flat chickenwire
would be pretty transparent.
There's newer stuff now - some kind of carbon-fiber cloth with aluminum in it
that's really nice to wallpaper with, but you still need to handle
all the joints, which is tough to do.
Other than protecting your dope farm, tin foil's not real useful,
though I suppose you could line your hat with it to keep microwaves out :-)
What's scary is that I _have_ seen a catalog (mostly NewAgey health scams)
that sold RF-shielded hats; I forget if they were metal-lined or carbon-fiber.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-29 11:53:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: distribution scheme 
At 09:53 AM 12/22/98 +0100, Falcon, aka FitugMix ,
wrote about a suggestion to chop crypto or other contraband material into separate streams, e.g. bit 1 of each byte in stream 1, etc.,
hoping that this would be "legal" because it's not really encryption,
though if managed carefully it would still be hard to read.
That's of course a distinct question from "will this make the
information hard enough to notice that I won't get caught?";
the answer to that question depends on many factors besides the
direct details themselves, like who you use this to send things to,
and how you advertise the things you make available to send, etc.
I'm not only not a US lawyer, I'm also not a German lawyer,
or a Chinese lawyer, or a Russian lawyer, and you're not paying me,
so this is not legal advice :-)  But my strongly considered engineering opinion is "Don't bet on it if it really matters."
If you use the system to distribute a copyrighted work,
you've still distributed a copyrighted work, even if you've shredded the paper and shipped the shreds and sticky-tape.  No win.
And if you try this in a country like China, where the laws are
arbitrary and defined on the spot, the fact that you may not have
violated the letters of a written law is potentially irrelevant.
The Chinese government is currently threatening to execute someone
who distributed 30000 email addresses of mainland Chinese to some
foreign human-rights activists - "assisting enemies of the state"
is seldom a well-defined crime; only the punishment is consistent. On the other hand, in countries that have well-defined laws,
and law enforcement organizations and courts that only enforce
the laws that are defined, and always want to enforce them correctly,
it can be entertaining to play with technologies like this.
Sometimes this gets them to change the rules, usually administratively
rather than through a public political process, but sometimes
it can make them look silly and feel bad about what they're doing.
Ron Rivest's "Chaffing and Winnowing" protocol is a great example,
and you can find details on your favorite web search engines.
Basically, you define an authentication checksum that uses a key,
so only the sender and the intended recipient can validate a checksum.
Then you send a series of entries like
where the checksum is correct depending on whether the bit N of the message
is a 0 or a 1.  There is no encryption used - only authentication,
so it's perfectly legal in some jurisdictions, but only the recipient
can tell which bits are "wheat" and which bits are "chaff".
One of the cool things about it is that you don't need to use
fake material as chaff - somebody else's wheat works just as well,
because the checksums fail if you use your key on their bits.
It's a very inefficient protocol, but there are ways to make it
less bad (not *good*, but at least less bad.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-12-30 19:20:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Wassenaar summary (and a funny new loophole) 
Unfortunately, since Wassenaar is not the law, only an agreement
by bureaucrats to make laws or regulations sort of like it if
they can talk their pet legislatures into rubberstamping them,
this doesn't help.  You can't take a bureaucrat to court and insist that she rescind a regulation that was stronger than the Minimum Daily Repression specified in the "Arrangement" -
you can only insist on whatever your nation's constitution (if any)
or fundamental rights document (if any) specifies, or perhaps go to the World Court or some European Union or European Community court and argue the case there.
But most of these rights documents say things like
"except for national security" and aren't very enforceable
even if they do plainly state that your rights are stronger than that.
I assume you mean 3DESDecrypt(backwards(k),x) ?  It still doesn't work,
because 3DESEncrypt is still symmetric with 3DESDecrypt,
and SED3Decrypt is still symmetric with 3DESEncrypt(backwards(k),x).
But you could still come up with something that meets the
letter of the non-law, just for the fun of tweaking them.
I think it's more realistic to go for the various
General Software Exemptions and Public Domain Exemptions,
and generally lobby legislatures to slow down on implementing Bad Things,
and let them see there's money to be made for their countries' local businesses by not cooperating.  A potentially valuable change to go for would be to allow export between members of the Wassenaar, or the EC, or whatever.
After all, the whole purpose of the COCOM that Wassenaar grew out of
was to keep Commies from getting militarily valuable technology,
and now that there aren't any Commies (unless you count the Chinese or Cubans)
and they've let the Russians into Wassenaar, the whole thing's
prima facie stupid anyway.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-02 06:27:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Electron Microscope... 
There's also the Cornell University Sub-Micron Research Facility,
founded back when microns were still very small, with lots of IBM funds.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-03 00:01:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bush Gang Suspected In Assault On Presidency 
EIR is one of the mouthpieces for the Lyndon Larouche cult.
I ran across them in an airport recently, and was surprised to find
they're now strongly behind Bill Clinton; I'd thought that a few
years ago they were accusing him of being a tool of the
Tri-Lateral Commission, though perhaps it was some other group
of anti-TriLateralists.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-04 14:18:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: County Mounties Spit on the 4th Amendment 
Argh - get your history right, kid!   The movie Smokey and the Bandit
used the already-current slang for cops, which was based on the
Smokey The Bear hats that many police uniforms use.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-04 14:23:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spammers 
You'd lose a class action suit.  More important is to get them to close
any open sendmail relays at their dialup sites (maybe they have by now),
since those formerly-useful servers are a major tool for spammers.
The other problem is just that they're big enough that if even a small
fraction of their customers are spammers, lots of spam comes from their
customers; at least they don't encourage it, unlike some providers.
If you want to cut way down on spam, there's Paul Vixie's
Realtime BlackHole List service at maps.vix.com.  It uses DNS as a convenient query/response server and some short sendmail scripts
to block mail from any site known to have an open smtp relay.
They're fairly zealous, and don't mind throwing away a few extra babies to get rid of lots of bathwater, so if you don't want to block
everybody that they block you'll need to hack some sendmail configs.
My main frustration is that they block mail from the ix.netcom.com
smtp servers, which blocked mail from me to the PGP-users list,
but I've found another relay at Netcom that they don't know about :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-05 07:41:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Feds Approve Bank to Certify Digital Signatures 
There was a note to Dave Farber's list that the Office of the Comptroller of Currency has approved Zion's First National Bank
to certify digital signatures.  Since they're in Utah, Zion's has
a certain amount of legal infrastructure in place.
The text version of the story is at and the 20-page PDF with gory details is at
They're going to offer digital signature certificates
with the usual binding of a key to a body plus papers,
and provide software to support it.  Some of their software
can be used for encryption, and unfortunately they're
going to offer key escrow, though as a separate business
service, with keys encrypted by the key's corporate owner
as well as by the bank for protection, but it's not
going to be a mandatory service, and they have no intention
of offering escrow for signature keys, only encryption keys.
Their documentation does talk a good bit about crypto technology,
in layman's terms, and about risk management and Y2000 compliance,
and also in great detail about how things like this are
standard banking functions applied in a digital environment
(to convince the OCC to let them offer it, since they're a bank
and aren't supposed to offer non-bank-related services).
There's also a story in Network World at
about Verisign and Entrust CAs plans for IPOs.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-07 08:23:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: e-commerce and rights management list 
This showed up on a bunch of lists, not including cypherpunks or
cryptography; Phil Agre added some interesting commentary and
sent it to the Red Rock Eater list so I'm forwarding that version.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-07 08:27:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fingerprinting in CA [was Whoa: British SmartCard rollout] 
Well, if I'd been thinking about it, I'd have put some rubber cement and
whiteout on my thumb before getting the license :-)
More the issue at the time was that the politicians were
busy deciding that your ability to drive safely obviously depended
on whether your citizenship papers were in order (the month
I got it they'd temporarily stopped doing that.)
I recently renewed the license, and they didn't ask for papers
or thumbprints, but they still don't print the license at the remote DMV offices; they print them centrally because it simplifies
verifying your information with the INS thugs.
The citizenship papers issue has basically doubled the market
for counterfeit licenses; it's not just excessively bad drivers
who bribe DMV employees any more.
Back when I lived in New Jersey, the cops would set up traffic stops
not only to look for drunk drivers (at 9am?!), but also to check
if your papers were in order.  I haven't seen much of that in California,
but presumably the Southern part of the state does it more often
to catch Spanish speakers who are loose in the population.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-07 15:02:24
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: the best justice money can buy --Lessig (fwd) 
If there were no copyright, markets for information and entertainment
would definitely have evolved differently than they have in the US
and Europe, and would use much different mechanisms for getting money
to the producers of information, such as standard sale contracts.*
On the other hand, if there were no colonialism, markets for sheep in
New Zealand would have evolved much differently than they did,
a problem they're now gradually working their way out of.
The music business, for example, handles paying authors when their works
are performed by performers through mechanisms other than just
charging big bucks for sheet music.  The Free Software Foundation found
that with a bit of academic and military socialism to jump start it,
there are a lot of reasons for people to create value and beauty,
and you can even talk corporations into paying money for support.
Van Gogh found good reasons to paint, in spite of being broke.
Michaelangelo found good reasons to paint, and Gutenberg found
good reasons to print, in spite of not having copyright protection.
Newspapers eveolved in an environment where copyright wasn't a big deal;
if your competitors ripped off your stories, they were a day late,
and you could rag them about it in your own paper.
Mainframe software evolved in an environment where contracts
covered use of the software, and copyright was seldom relevant;
that has gradually changed with mass-market computers, but
it took a while for courts to accept the idea of copyrighting
software, and the industry didn't refrain from writing the stuff.
Copyright is certainly a major market convenience, because it means
that individual authors, middlemen, and readers don't have to
negotiate contracts each time they trade information for money,
or having to read the annoying shrink-wrap licenses on books
the way they did for a while on packaged software.  It also
makes it more difficult for alternative mechanisms to evolve,
because it's got an 800-pound well-armed gorilla subsidizing it.
If I read Mark's note correctly, the gorilla he was talking about
wasn't MicroSloth, it was the government.  We may joke about Gates
being the Evil Empire, but it's clearly a joke; we've seen the real thing.
and in a following note, Jim says that that's true mainly for the
long run, not necessarily for the short run.  It's not only incorrect,
especially as expanded upon, it's irrelevant to the moral question.
If your alternatives are free markets, where you and I can offer to buy or sell products without anybody beating us up for it,
versus non-free markets, where some gang can beat us up for
not going along with the program (whether the gang is the Mafia,
the Pinkertons, the KGB, or "your neighbors in a democracy"),
there's no question which is morally acceptable - even if the
violence-based market is often more convenient for some goods.
But morality aside,  monopoly, in the sense of a single player
or small group of players domination the sales of a commodity,
is something that can certainly happen in the short run but is
unstable in the long run unless the competition can be prevented
by threats of violence (whether by the monopoly or the government.)
If people are free to offer competing products, maintaining market
share is difficult, and the market leader not only has to contend
with the other big dogs, but with being nipped to death by Chihuahuas,
and with being made obsolete by better technologies.
Who monopolizes tabletop radios these days?  (Who cares?)
Who monopolizes Video Cassette Recorders?  They're both relatively free markets, in spite of the FCC's attempts to enforce standards,
and Sony's attempts to monopolize the BetaMax market.
On the other hand, radio and TV broadcasting are near-monopolies,
because the Feds have been "helping" protect our public airwaves.
* Some Libertarians and some Libertarian-bashers will argue that using
government courts to enforce contracts is still hiring the 800-pound well-armed gorilla to carry out your private business activities....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-08 18:20:18
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: the best justice money can buy --Lessig (fwd) 
Sharewise, that's not bad for a system that had 1 million users a year or two ago, though of course it gains a lot of extra slack
because it's quasi-free Unix on an affordable platform.
Getting that much desktop support without running MSOffice is
impressive.  Getting lots of support for servers is a different issue;
we've known for a decade and a half that if you want to actually
build a system that will _do_ real work for you, you use Unix*,
even if you use a different desktop GUI.  NT has been improved enough
that you can occasionally build services on it if you're desperate
enough, though its stability is still less than ideal.
(I never had it crash except for hardware mismatch reasons,
but its networking stuff reflects the fact that MS still doesn't
understand what networks are.)
* In a few environments you'd use VMS, because for all DEC's faults,
they were very strong on making sure they had software environments to
support the applications their customers wanted, like factory control.
Or you could use LispMachines, because they were nice.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-08 18:23:23
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: the best justice/kinds of monopolies 
I don't care if they call their boss Grand Wazoo Snail Mail Evangelist;
there are software and ice cream companies that use non-standard titles too.
"Postal Inspector" is a much more serious problem title, since they
seem to have quasi-police powers to do criminal investigations of
postal offenses like pornography and pyramid scams and running competing
formatted-tree-product information delivery services.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-09 16:36:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Most elegant wording against privacy/law-enforcement "balance" 
Someone, probably Jim Ray, has a nice phrase about
"Protecting the Fourth Amendment _is_ one of the legitimate needs
of law enforcement."  It's not an in-depth critique, but it's enough to
get a rant off to a good start, where you're on the moral high ground,
rather than the "Even the FBI's friends like Dorothy haven't found
a legitimate need for increasing wiretaps", which is a useful place
to go as long as you're already ahead.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-10 01:21:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
Don't you just hate it when that happens :-)
In particular, unlike scratching the mag strip off or ironing,
if the mag strip doesn't work, you can just look ignorant.
I have enough trouble with my real credit cards being non-scannable.
The issue of driver's license mag strip technology has been
discussed here in the past, and probably also on some of the
privacy newsgroups.  You could grunge around the archives and
see what you find.  If memory serves me correctly, most of them
use a common magstripe format used for credit cards,
which gives three stripes of up to about 80 bytes each.
(It's been suggested that some states use a higher magnetization
level, either to reduce forgery or probability of damage.)
Typically they'll have the DL name, height, weight,
eye color, race, Jew bit, Commie bit, etc.,
so the cops can not only scan the information conveniently,
but also can compare it to the information on the front
to see if it's forged.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-10 08:43:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: the best justice money can buy --Lessig (fwd) 
[Warning: while this may _look_ like just another rant,
there is some technical content below.]
Gates got rich not by selling good software, but by selling software
very well.  Copyright is part of the process, but it's possible to
sell your product to computer manufacturers with any customization
they need using contracts instead of copyright to make your money.
It's also possible to do copy protection in your software;
games makers do this because they're widely pirated by non-point-source
attacks (kids, mostly) who are hard to track down and sue,
unlike major computer manufacturers who are easier to find,
both to sue if needed or to provide support for.
Copy protection was one of the things people hated about Lotus 123;
I don't remember Excel or MS-DOS ever having it.
When I've used expensive commercial software on Sun computers, it often needs to be registered with the machine serial number, or used with a floating license server, and refuses to run without it.
PCs don't have built-in serial numbers, but they probably would
if Gates had insisted on it early enough.  Because of copyright law
he didn't _have_ to use technical means of copy protection,
so the Copyright Enforcers have saved him money - but they've
also saved us the aggravation of dealing with copy protection wares.
If you _want_ a serial number on each PC for your product,
dongles are an available option.  They reduce portability somewhat,
but software like Banyan Vines networking uses them on its servers.
So even the fact that IBM and Mr.Bill didn't install one doesn't
stop you from using them - and as anti-crypto law goes away,
uncrackable dongles are becoming easier to make (I don't know if
anybody bothers, though.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-10 08:43:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Laptop TEMPEST (fwd) 
FCC specs aren't real tight.
My old laptop*, which passed FCC specs (at least when it was new,
before being hauled around on airplanes and trains, dropped a few times,
having cooked parts replaced, and generally getting treated like a laptop),
broadcast enough emissions that its video would show up on my parents' TV
when used 2-4 meters away.  The video sync wasn't right, so there were
several hard-to-read images of the screen on the TV, but it was obviously
emitting enough that a properly tuned receiver could read it.
On the other hand, it doesn't bother my TV from 8-10 meters away,
but I've got cable, while my parents use Real Rabbit-Ear Antennas and some kind of antenna-booster widget.
I have heard that passive-matrix emits less, but I don't know
if that's true from a TEMPEST standpoint or only noise output.
It is a bit easier to put a laptop into an RF-shielded enclosure,
but enclosures that worked fine for harmonics of 4.77 MHz machines
don't necessarily block harmonics of 477 MHz machines :-)
especially critical are the penetrations used to get air and
fiber-optic connections through, which are basically waveguides -
once the wavelength of the signal is short enough, they lose.
* AT&T Globalyst 250P, which is a NEC Versa Pentium-75 with a Death-Star
painted on it.  It has the expensive active-matrix 24-bit-color 640x480
screen (sigh - I'd rather have had the cheaper 800x600 8-bit-color :-).
A couple years old, and the case was a bit dented so perhaps it had been more radio-tight when it was new.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-10 08:48:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
The original stings were done by young-looking cops, but a few
judges (maybe just New York, maybe Federal?  it's been a while)
threw them out - if the cop is 24, then it wasn't selling to a minor,
so it wasn't a crime or necessarily even a liquor license violation.
So the cops need to hire kids (and for tobacco stings, minors.)
This gets into the interesting legal question of whether you can
insist that the decoys be prosecuted.
Yup.  It's really annoying to have to give the California DMV lots of
personal information about myself so they can track down deadbeat dads,
given that I'm not even a dad, much less a deadbeat dad, and so they
can track down Mexicans who want to drive without citizenship papers,
and similar presumptions of potential guilt.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-10 08:49:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What's the latest in factoring? 
There are two countervailing arguments about very long keys;
one is that if you understand cryptography well enough to evaluate the issue, you'll know you don't need to bother,
but the other is that if you don't understand crypto very well,
maybe you should be overly conservative.
Remember that factoring difficulty is roughly exponential;
adding logn bits about doubles the cracking workload (depending on which factoring method is being used).  Factoring a 1024-bit number is _much_ harder than factoring a 512-bit
number, and factoring a 2048-bit number is well into age-of-the-universe difficulty level.  The practical level of factoring right now
is about 512 bits, for either a distributed internet effort or
an NSA internal one; in the unlikely event that Moore's law lets
us double processing power 100 times in the next 150 years,
that means a 1500-bit key could be crackable.  So 2048 bits
is certainly more than enough for _your_ lifetime.
Increasing processing power 2**100 times is likely to be tough :-)
After all, features in current microprocessors are on the order
of 100 atoms wide.  And by the time we've developed the level of nanotechnology needed to speed up processing that much,
there'll be tiny audio bugs listening to you type your passphrase
into your keyboard and reporting it back to the Central Intelligence
Corporation, or picking up the electromagnetic fields from your
direct neural interface, so the crypto strength won't matter much.
But do you really _need_ to factor the prime number to crack PGP?  No.
Remember that PGP uses the RSA key to encrypt session keys for IDEA,
or for signing MD5 hashes of documents, rather than using it directly.
So you can decrypt the message by cracking IDEA, or forge a message
by finding MD5 collisions.  Cracking IDEA's 128-bit keys was estimated
to be about as hard as factoring a 3100-bit number, though improvements
to factoring technology may make a 4096-bit number as easy as IDEA.
Also, PGP 2.x passphrases are encrypted with IDEA, so if they've
got your secring.pgp and can crack 4096-bit keys, you're toast,
even if your passphase isn't just your dog's name spelled backwards.
Similarly, by the time processing power doubles 100 times making your
1500-bit key insecure, MD5 will be long toasted.  Either way,
there's no need to go beyond 4096-bit keys ever, with old-style PGP.
Even if you're being overly conservative, that's more than enough.
Newer versions of PGP dump RSA and IDEA for patent reasons, but they also offer alternatives to IDEA and MD5 which may be stronger.
(SHA-1 is stronger than MD5, triple-DES requires immense amounts of
storage to reduce it to a strength similar to IDEA, and just being
extensible means you can replace algorithms that are obsolete.)
The other side of practical is how much work it takes to use long keys,
and how many people who want to talk to you use them.
The answer to the latter is "Not many" for RSA keys over 2048.
The former is about N**2 for decryption and N**3 for key generation,
and about linear for encryption with short exponents,
so it'll take you 64 times as long (once) to generate the key,
and 16 times as long to decrypt or sign anything, compared to
the far-more-than-strong-enough 2048-bit key, which is already
4 times as hard to use and 8 times as hard to generate as a 1024.
It's not worth the bother, unless you know have a really, really special application that needs to remain secret until long after
you've overthrown the government.  On the other hand,
at least the RSA patent will have expired by then :-)
The Diffie-Hellman implementations in PGP 5.x will let you use
key lengths up to 4096, but the speed behaviour is a bit different.
In particular, key generation is much faster, so generating
overkill-length keys isn't as boring.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-10 17:01:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
Depends on the state; in many places it's a crime both for the
buyer and the seller.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-10 17:06:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
CA has occasionally demanded citizenship papers to get a driver's license,
because a few politicians want to harass the large numbers of Mexicans who live here without papers.  They weren't demanding them when I got my
license 4 years ago, because they'd just been hassled in court,
and this time when I renewed the clerk said the main reason the state
mails licenses centrally instead of just printing them at the DMV
is so they can check all the data with the INS.
If you're driving a car here with Sonora plates and you've got a
Mexican license with a Sonora address, the CA cops can't bust you
for it, though they can ask stuff like what you're doing here.
But if you're parking the car on the street for more than 2 months
(it may be 1 month?) with Sonora plates, they can bust you for
not having California plates, even though you can't get them,
and for not having a California license, even though you can't get one.
Just as they can for still having Jersey plates on your car.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-11 02:12:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What's the latest in factoring? (fwd) 
That is my assumption, and being wrong would be a highly pleasant surprise.
If Moore's law plus algorithm improvements can give us a 2**150 increase
in processing power over the next 200 years, and I'm around to see it,
I'll be very surprised.  (Or I'll be posthumously surprised, if I'm not around.)  On the other hand, if that's true,
we'll be in something like the nanotech singularity, where
eavesdropping will make up for any remaining difficulty in key cracking,
as I'd also discussed.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-15 14:26:20
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: The Octopus and America as the Evil Empire 
I haven't a clue who to ask, but it would surprise me a bit.
If it was done, it would have been for microwave lines,
which are mostly obsolete except in places like
Southern Utah and parts of Montana and the Dakotas which
don't have enough population density to justify replacing with fiber.
Much more likely they were routed through reservations for cheap right of way.  Most of the routes have been pretty stable
for a long time, because of right-of-way issues, and many of them
date from back before the FBI and CIA worried about little details
like Constitutionality and different rules on Indian reservations.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-15 14:26:23
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Censorship of Library and School Computers 
Sounds like an obvious target for activism to add a requirement that
any censorware systems selected be clearly identified to the public,
including the kids, and that the blocking criteria and lists be
made available to the parents and adult library users.
In particular, many local jurisdictions have sunshine laws that
might have applicability, and anything so blatantly Un-American and dangerous as third-party censorship certainly needs to be watched.
On the legal side, the idea of a Federal mandate that state and local
jurisdictions make decisions that cannot be reviewed by the Feds
seems pretty dodgy; certainly the whole issue ought to be reviewable
by courts in response to a citizen lawsuit, even if Federal prosecutors
can't initiate actions about it.
At 09:47 AM 2/10/98 -0800, Robert Cannon wrote to CYBERIA-L at LISTSERV.AOL.COM,
[Quotes from text of bill about how schools and libraries need systems
to block material "deemed to be inappropriate for minors";
schools have to select and promise to install to request the money,
while libraries have to employ it on one or more computers,
though the language appears to be crafted sufficiently vaguely
as to not require them to use it on all their computers (or even necessarily on computers accessible to kids :-) ]
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-20 15:21:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: onward, Clinton soldiers / not so fast, Sen. Lott 
A minor correction - while the CIA wanted to overthrow Mossadegh,
they screwed up, and had very little part in actually doing it.
The British were the main instigators of the coup, which had a fair amount of popular support, and which went fast enough that the
CIA was caught by surprise - they hadn't even spent a tenth of their
bribery slush fund yet.  So why does everybody keep saying that the CIA put the Shah in power?
Because in the early 60s, trying to repair their reputation after the
Bay Of Pigs fiasco, the CIA put out a lot of PR taking credit for it,
and since it was the kind of thing they would have done if they hadn't missed the starting gun, people pretty much believed them.
And a lot of Iranians have been blaming them for it ever since.
[References:  Some book I read a while back.  Don't remember the
title or the author, but the author was Iranian, so he may have
had his own axe to grind; certainly the CIA had their cloak and dagger
to grind in this whole mess.]
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-20 15:23:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anthrax--The Horsemen are Riding 
The Wag The Dog war has almost nothing to do with Saddam, but I agree
that the Anthrax Nation supporters are being brought out specifically
to scare the population.  One of the comments on the radio was that
the perp was bragging about having military-grade anthrax.
They didn't say whose military was in the anthrax-grading business,
but it's probably those evil manufacturers of weapons of Mass destruction --
The Pentagon.  .  Are we going to have to levitate the Pentagon again?
Is there some way to just do it over the net?  :-)
And yes, even through Freeh hasn't been quoted about the need for
wiretaps in the radio stories I've heard so far, I'm sure he will be.
Nah - he's a perpetual "usual suspect" type.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-20 16:15:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cryptographic Implementations 
There are a lot of good crypto web and ftp sites.
Look at ftp.ox.ac.uk and ftp.funet.fi .
Look at Ron Rivest's pages (AltaVista knows where they are.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-20 16:20:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Dealing with Spam, Part 2 
The classic implementations of systems like that do
one of three things
0) Don't think, leading to infinite mailbounces
1) Prevent loops, but there's no way to communicate
2) Prevent loops, and recognize mail from other MailThingies,
If you get fancy, you can probably work something like
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-20 17:31:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Declan pro-cencorship (sorta) (fwd) 
Unfortunately, there's a conflict between real definitions of spam
(you knew it when you sent it, and the recipients knew it too)
and the real-world problems encountered with blocking/canceling spam,
which tends to result in either censorship or under-blocking.
Number of recipients _isn't_ the right criterion at all -
but it's objective enough to agree on, and usually makes a
clear enough boundary between most spammers and most non-spammers.
Rigidly defining numerical limits can also have serious problems,
because there are good messages that get excluded.
The more important number is the number of people deciding
which things are and are not spam - "More than 1" is best,
while "There can be only one" is censorship, either deliberate
or as a side-effect.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-20 17:32:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Declan pro-cencorship (sorta) (fwd) 
Unlike the rest of this discussion, Jim is mostly right here,
and in a way that neither censors anyone nor discourages them
from providing filtering services for people who want it.
However, Wabe is reinventing NoCeMs - which support multiple NoCeM issuers, and you can pick any one or more that you like
to kill off spam for you before you read it.  I'm not sure
how widely available implementations of NoCeM mailreaders are;
probably they're mostly Emacs macros.
On the other hand, while the Cypherpunks list gets lots of noise,
it doesn't get much spam (except when somebody's targeting it),
Filters that pick out the most interesting 10% are much more useful
than filters that discard the bottom 10%.
Attacking the list, while less suicidal than spamming alt.2600,
is still not very bright, given the potential risks :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-20 17:33:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: financial incentives for hashcash? 
Yes, it's one of the major techniques used by spammers;
the other big one is disposable accounts.
maps.vix.com has information about the Realtime Blackhole List
system, which lets you configure your sendmail system to reject
incoming mail from any system that permits relays,
and provides lots of information about setting your system
not to do relays.  They're a bit inflexible,
but if you're up to rolling your own sendmail.cf code,
you can fix that.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-20 17:34:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Declan pro-cencorship (sorta) (fwd) 
That's fine - people who take this approach may get less mail
from interesting people as well as getting less mail from spammers.
It's easy to find mail forwarding systems that don't cost much
and will filter out well-known spam, either for free or for a small fee.
Pobox.com offers this, and I think the iname.com systems do also;
I don't know about hotmail and other web-based mailreaders.
Most of us have flat-rate email, and the important cost is our attention span, not the transmission cost.  For other people,
that's not true, and sending them junk mail _is_ ripping them off
financially as well as ripping off their time and concentration.
As far as "how do you know something is bulk mail"?  The sender knows,
and the sender is the one being rude to thousands of receivers
if it is bulk mail.
This does not apply in countries that still have
Government-granted Monopoly Postal/Telephone/Telegraph companies.
It also doesn't apply in places where the Telephone Company
decides to charge for connect time by the minute rather than
flat rate - even if your internet provider is flat rate,
you may be paying 1-5 cents/minute - mildly annoying on a US salary, and much more so on a Polish salary.
And in a free market, you'd expect a mix of options,
since different people have different net connection needs,
financial constraints, and communications costs.
My main ISP offers an 800 number for about 10 cents/minute,
and I sometimes use it when I'm on the road at hotels with
stupider-than-usual telephone systems.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 06:10:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: bugged? 
Yeah.  Credit-card verification terminals and similar devices are typically
locked into some low speed, 300 baud or 1200 or rarely 2400,
because they don't have many characters to send in a standard transaction,
and the slow speeds have a much faster setup/training time, especially
when they don't have to adaptively negotiate a connection speed.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 12:39:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: your mail 
Cypherpunks have discussed this intensely;
ask AltaVista where to find "nymserver"s and
"encrypted reply block"s.
The Anonymous Remailer List claims to be at
(though it might be on publius.net these days), and has some
pointers to starting places.
Private Idaho is a convenient user-interface tool for crypto
and remailers, and really simplified setting up and using some
of the early servers.
Another approach is to create a PGP key for your nym
(or a Crypto Kong key), always sign your postings,
and use anonymous remailers for sending mail,
and either read replies on the cypherpunks list
or on some broadcast medium like alt.anonymous.messages.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 12:40:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fallaciousness of the Chicago School of Economics 
Monopolies may depend on government for long-term stability,
but fads can stick around for quite a while before dying out.
Remember Disco?  :-)
Attila also talked about Intel making badly-designed microprocessors.
It was somewhat of a vicious circle, since the big market for 80*86s
required bug-for-bug compatibility with Microsloth's "640K is enough" real-mode DOS, partly because of the large investment companies had in applications like word processors that ran in that environment.
Getting out of the problem requires replacing a whole bunch of things
at the same time, and incremental upgrades can't get you there.
(For a horrendous example, there's the Air Traffic Control system,
brought to you by the same government that wants to help us fix our
Microsoft addictions; got any spare 360/90 clones?)
Obviously, ship the spam to Microsoft and be done with it :-)
The Spam Wars does seem to be muscling out "Libertarians vs. Statists"
as the canonical all-consuming political discussion on the net,
though there's a fair bit of overlap.
Sigh.  In the business world, we tend to be stuck with Microsoft products,
chosen by the same clueless bureaucrats who choose 10-pound laptops :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 12:40:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: No Real Debate Yet on the War 
As with the previous round of Desert Scam, very few invaders will die,
because the military objective is to cause mass destruction, not to conquer and hold.  And the press will focus on the invaders that die,
not on the tens or hundreds of thousands of Iraqis killed.
They'd also be focusing on the great job they've done eliminating the
entire US stock of CBW and nukes.  Oh, we haven't?  Well their weapons of mass destruction are Evil, and ours are Freedom Fighting Tools.
Actually the US and Former Soviet Union have substantially reduced the
nuclear forces, especially older missiles that are hard to maintain,
but the US refused for a long time to sign the CBW treaties,
and I'm not sure they ever did follow through and destroy their supplies.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 12:40:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A Geodesic Society? 
Heh - West Coast Cypherpunks end up on Japanese TV :-)
Good article.  If you're trying to emphasize the financial stuff, moving it up to the beginning would help, but I don't know the audience you wrote it for.  A few nitpicks:
_Bell_ Labs, and BTW they developed one of the first 8-bit microprocessors;
the MAC-8 was used for building telephone things back in late 4004 days.
However, the Electro-Mechanical telephone switch was Not Invented Here -
Strowger developed it to protect privacy and increase reliability
(he suspected that a competitor had bribed the telephone operator to
connect customers to the competitor's business instead of Strowger's.)
He offered it for sale to the Bell Telephone Companies, who were too
clueless to see the economics and buy it; they caught on a few years later,
and had to pay tons of money to the competitor who'd licensed the patent. The difficulty, of course, is that geodesic markets with bearer instruments make it easy to do business anonymously - so everyone
may know that fraud was committed, but not know who committed it.
(Like the US political excuse "Mistakes were made".)
The lack of need for accounts and reputation capital is part of what
makes geodesic markets financially advantageous.  On the other hand,
reconciling these differences is complex enough that cryptographers
and financial folks can make big bucks getting it right :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 12:45:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: I was auto-outed by an IMG tag in HTML spam 
HTML is a fine format for email.  It's ASCII readable, and supports
content description tags that the user's mail reader can render as
bold/italic/underline/header-levels//color/etc.  It's far superior
to using bloated undocumented Microsoft Word attachments.
95% of the HTML email I get IS spam, but that's a separate problem :-)
(After all, SPAMMERs like bright colored blinking attention-getting mail.)
Doesn't even need a prompt - a basic missing-picture icon is fine,
with a load-images command somewhere.  While it's not as dangerous as
auto-processing, autodownloading is annoying, and can be both a
security risk (the auto-outing problem) and a denial-of-service risk.
Needs to be either off by default or not there at all.
Netscape mail is adequate for many people, just as Eudora is.
Newer versions are pretty bloated, but including S/MIME mail encryption
for everybody is a Good Thing.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 14:43:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Chronicle on Sen. Dianne Feinstein: "Feinstein Offline" 
We've had bunches of local ones - Shay's Rebellion, the Whiskey Rebellion.
There was a big secession followed by a reconquest, but that wasn't
really a revolution.  There were a bunch of events like Wounded Knee
in which our conquered neighbors tried to fight back and lost.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 14:43:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: putting down the US military 
Sorry to hear about your friend, and I'm glad your son got back.
A friend of mine lives in Somalia about half the time,
except when his wife's tribe's over in Ethiopia.  They've been through
years of civil war, in a society that until the colonialists
took over was extremely free and relatively peaceful (for a bunch of semi-nomadic cattle herders armed to the teeth like pre-industrial Swiss;
they tend to have occasional short armed squabbles when the
normal social structures for peacefully resolving differences fail)
and the wars for control of the post-colonial government have
made it impossible for their economy to do well during drought.
Michael's friends were quite pleased at kicking the UN's butts,
and at kicking the US Army's butts, but they thought that even
if there hadn't been a civil war going on, the idea of trying to disarm Somalis is blatantly foolish - you'd have better luck
trying to disarm an NRA convention, where people carry guns for fun
rather than to protect their families and livestock like Somalis.
After all, most NRA members believe in Nations and Governments;
Somalis believe in their families and tribes and the Law,
and any "leader" who expects blind obedience from his followers
quickly finds out that nobody's following him.
Sending US soldiers in to do a fool's errand like that should
offend you even more.   And telling a free people that they should
give up the guns they protect their families with because
the UN will take care of protecting them is an offense to them.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 14:43:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Should the Feds ban spam? (fwd) 
I found it pretty easy to parse, though incorrect -
Jim assumes that each person will only deal with one ISP,
and that getting spam filtering from that ISP means turning
over control of all your incoming mail/news to the ISP.
It's a bad assumption (even if I'm mistaken in claiming Jim assumes it :-)

@_date: 1998-02-21 14:43:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: PLO censoring pro-Iraqi sentiments 
The Stinger missile and the bazooka have been a good start, letting local defenders stop the expensive tools of attacking armies.
Following stupid orders gets your fellow soldiers killed stupidly.
Following immoral orders gets your fellow soldiers killed, and gets the opposing soldiers killed, and gets the civilian collateral damage killed,
and the fact that you're following orders doesn't absolve you of guilt.
Once you're in the war, you're also fighting to keep your buddies from
getting killed, and to keep from getting killed yourself, and if the
orders are tactically correct and sacrifice you and your buddies as
the price of an overall victory, that's the price of being a soldier.
But if you shouldn't be there, you shouldn't be there, no matter how
competent and brave and patriotic you're being while you're there.
Most soldiers I've known believe in following orders, and the politicians
who send them there pull out all the stops to keep them believing it.
Yeah?  In 1980, Iraq attacked Iran, and the US sold them weapons,
and Saddam was Reagan & Bush's good buddy and ally.  And in 1990
when Saddam was talking with the US Ambassador about their border problem,
she said the US had no interest in such a purely local problem.
OK, it wasn't like we had to twist Saddam's arm to get him to invade;
he is a militarist asshole - but in 1980 that was a Good Thing.
And in 19{pick a number} Israel invaded South Lebanon - Good Thing Too!
Is it possible that it's got a lot more to do with US Foreign policy
or geopolitical interests?  Or about the fact that the US Military-
Industrial Complex was severely threatened by the lack of Commies?
Or just partly because George Bush's Neilsen ratings were down
and he'd had good results invading Panama?  Or that the Ayatollah
had gotten rid of one of America's favorite dictators in Iran
just a year or two before (even though he disliked Commies too)?
Or because the US Army wanted to make sure everybody knows that
they can kick anybody's ass, anywhere, anytime?
In the process of demolishing Iraq, Bush's army killed hundreds of
thousands of civilians, demolishing much of the civilian infrastructure
for safe drinking water (which probably killed more people than
the bombing did), as well as killing tens of thousands of
draftee soldiers.  If the objective had been to get rid of Saddam,
a couple dozen good Mossad agents or Green Berets could have
taken him out quickly and efficiently.  That wasn't the objective.
He's a sleaze, but no moron - his objectives are maintaining his own
political influence, which he's very good at, as opposed to doing
anything positive for the Kuwaitis or Iraqis or Americans....
Probably about like what they did to the Iranians or what the
Israelis did to the South Lebanese, except that it was Bad instead of Good.
I agree.  And telling the government to stop initiating wars and trying
to get the people not to jump in line behind a propaganda bandwagon
are a good part of trying to be a better people.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-21 14:45:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Should the Feds ban spam? (fwd) 
Yeah.  Netcom doesn't have the right to decide what I'm allowed to read,
but it can decide what materials that it will transmit, if it wants,
and I can decide whether to do business with them, if I want.
Two of the ISPs I use for receiving email offer spam-filtering services;
I'm not currently buying either of them, but if spam goes from
5% to 50% of my mail, I'll certainly consider it.
(And one of them gives a summary of what it's blocked, which is good.)
Ray Arachelian and Eric Blossom can't decide what messages on Cypherpunks I'm allowed to read, but they can offer the most interesting 5-10%
and maybe I'll use their editing capabilities instead of reading the
whole firehose myself.  (I alternate between FCPUNX and the full list.)
Corporations aren't a necessity, just a convenience; the big
law firms and accounting firms are all partnerships, and do just fine
without being corporations.  Corporations do have artificial rights,
but as constructs of the state, the state can decide which rights to
give them and which rights not to give them in return for the favor
of granting corporate charters.
But Jim should know better than to say that businesses don't have rights.
Businesses are activities that people engage in, either as individual
proprietors, or as contractors, or as partnerships, or as employees,
or as corporations.  One of my ISPs is a sole proprietor, though he's
now got an employee or two.  Doesn't diminish his rights any.
Another of my ISPs is a corporation; they're big and clumsy,
but I can still hire them to perform services for me, including
editing if I want to.
Nonsense - there's far more stuff written every day than you or I
have time to read; even on Usenet, I had to stop reading every
newsgroup sometime around 1984 (a few years before Henry Spencer stopped :-)
Depending on other people to find interesting stuff is necessary;
the question is how you pick your sources and filters,
and how much you trust them to tell you everything.
Of course they're not - do you think anybody actually believes everything they read or see on TV (well, yeah, there seem to be people who do :-)
If you want to be well-informed, you need lots of sources;
one of the cool things about the net is that you _can_ get
lots of information that seldom got through the official channels
before.  Some of it didn't get through because it didn't match
the political biases of the editors or newspaper corporate owners;
other stuff didn't get through because it was boring or bogus,
and if you're filtering all the news yourself, you'll need to
do your own guessing and fact-checking.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-27 14:20:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Killing the Unabomber 
No consistency involved - many of them would like to kill him.
But they've Got Their Man, and he's made it clear that a trial
will be difficult, long, expensive, involve lots of firing lawyers
and arguing about mental competency, and generally be trouble,
and he's offered to plead guilty if they won't kill him.
Even though he's a highly intelligent cold-blooded killer,
he's also close enough to crazy that the public will have
enough sympathy for him that killing him won't be highly popular,
especially because his brother wouldn't have turned him in
if he'd expected him to be killed.
Also, while his killings have been somewhat scary and weird,
they haven't generated the kind of public outrage that the
OKCity bombing did, with dead babies on the front page of the papers.
The defendents there are going to get killed, and the public
is going to enjoy it, and the Neilsen Ratings will be high.
I think you're right here.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-02-28 00:28:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FC: Quotes of the Day (and cybercrime) 
James Glave's Wired News article at
is nice, especially the quote from Peter Neumann about how this
may be a con game by Janet Reno to get more budget.  After all,
the Feds has been doing computer security for a while, though
not with the expertise of the NSA.  So if they're so hot,
why do they keep getting cracked so badly, and on such critical stuff
as payroll data, which in the government is almost certain to include SSNs?
There's already a National Computer Security Center - she could
ask them for help, rather than starting a competing one.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-05 04:16:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: PGP-out-only vs. hashcash aware remailers? 
Hashcash won't help mail2news, except by discouraging dumb spammers,
because news spam only needs a few messages.
PGP-only input will cut down on most spammers, though you'll still get a few, especially if they're spamming mailing lists (which makes the encryption both worth the effort and useful for safety.)
If you modify your remailer to only _output_ PGP-encrypted messages,
you get hashcash-equivalence, and cut abuse substantially.
The cost is limiting recipients to pgp users (plus known exceptions),
but it's tough to spam people when you need to look up their PGP key
and encrypt to it (at least you'll only get spams for high-tech stuff),
and it's tougher for random abusers to abuse people since most targets
don't have PGP keys, and a mailbox full of PGP junk is less annoying
to most people than a mailbox full of human-readable hate mail.
In particular, it's harder to send death threats to politicians
if they don't have published PGP keys.
Is this a feature that makes sense?
PGP-out-only remailers aren't as useful for anonymous tip lines
(unless the tip line has a PGP address.)  They're not as useful for inviting new people into your conspiracy, though they're fine for conspiring with people whose keys you already know (and they can be unlisted keys only used for the conspiracy.)
If the Bank of Caribbean Cash Importers is interested in taking
anonymous clients who contact them through remailers, they've probably got a PGP key handy to send to anyway.
They're not transparently useful for mail2news, but the remailer
could make exceptions for known mail2news sites, or could ignore
the problem, which is fine for posting to alt.anonymous.messages,
though not for posting to alt.whistleblowers.
How would you implement it?
Obviously you'd need to allow some unencrypted lines at the beginning,
at least if they have remailer syntax( ::,  mail headers, etc.).
Do you cut all lines after the "-----END PGP"?  My first impression was
yes, but after reading the Freedom Remailer source, it looks like
this might kill messages using encrypted reply blocks, so maybe not.
Detecting the PGP itself can be crude ("----- BEGIN PGP ENCRYPTED"...)
or can be a bit fancier (make sure the lines are all the right length
and limited to the correct character set), or much fancier (de-armor and look for PGP blocks).
Even the fancy approaches can be spoofed, since you can't go very
deep into the headers without the right keys, so a couple lines of
real PGP material could be included, leaving possibilities like
But at least it's a start.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-07 13:22:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Location Escrow anyone ? 
Tracking your position in real time is one thing - recording the tracks
is quite another.    The system does need to know, in real time,
the cell for each phone that's currently talking,
and needs to know quickly where any phone that's being called is
(could be implemented either by constantly tracking every phone,
or by sending out requests when the call is made,
probably starting with the usual suspect locations and then
branching out farther, or using some kind of roaming notification.)
But does it need to know where you've been?  It wouldn't be surprising
if the telco recorded location (at least cell site) at the beginning
of each call, to resolve billing disputes with customers,
and of course they record minutes of use and roaming information
for users who make calls outside their home territory.
They probably also record calls per cell site and handoff information,
but probably not by user.
For police purposes, if you want to find somebody right now,
and the cellphone system can only give you precise locations right now,
just call them - "Hey, Suspect!  We know where you are,
and it's costing you money for us to call you and tell you!
Have a nice day!" - and the system knows even if they don't answer.
They could probably deliver it on industry-standard 9-track tape :-)
5 bytes is enough to locate you within 62m anywhere on Earth
- 16 bits gets you 1km of lat or long on a 40000km planet),
though 4 bytes is probably enough to identify a cell plus
some precision bits since the whole planet doesn't have cell sites.
So it's really only 20-25MB of data per user to track that much data,
and it compresses extremely well (e.g. 1 byte/sample is plenty for
phones that are moving, and run-length coding radically reduces the
location of the phones that aren't moving, which probably
covers 23 hours a day for most people.)  Call it 250KB/day, max?
I'd be surprised if they really kept that much, and the economics are bad,
but they could do it, and they'll be much happier to mail you a floppy
of compressed data for your 300 francs, or print it in very tiny print...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-08 13:43:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: lists 
You can't subscribe to cypherpunks-request at toad.com any more,
but mail sent there will still get forwarded to the other
mailing lists, all of which send all mail to each other
(except when they're broken, which isn't very often.)
should all get you help for using their subscription mechanism
(usually majordomo or another listserv.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-08 15:53:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: best body armor for cypherpunks [serious] (fwd) 
Anonymity, of course .....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-08 16:16:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Humor] Kennedy's New Legislation 
It's only evolution in action if it gets them before they've reproduced...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-11 11:48:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The name "Crypto Kong" 
Keep it.  If you're going for the liberal non-techie market, it's good;
if you're going for the financial market it's still ok,
and if you need to, you can publish a standard for it,
and some small Nevada corporation with a boring name can distribute a Crypto-Kong-compatible product with a boring name for you :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-11 12:56:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
I don't see freedom of association listed anywhere there;
you might construe it as a "taking" or something, but it'd be a stretch.
Also, there was a really appalling court case in the 1890s
(Plessey vs. Ferguson), in which the Supremes ruled that states
could require segregation with separate but equal accommodations;
it was somewhat overturned by Brown vs. Board of Education in 1954,
but the idea that the government can tell you how to run your business
is long established (after all, we'd need much smaller governments
if they couldn't be interfering in business.)
A Denny's restaurant in Maryland had two groups of customers
show up one day, one group black, one group white, both about 6-8 people,
both arriving at the same time, both groups out-of-uniform cops.
The white people got served promptly, the blacks got served
extremely late and rudely.  And sued, and won.
(I was mainly surprised that the white cops got served fast;
my experience in Denny's has almost always been slow bad service,
except for one restaurant in Pennsylvania that hasn't learned
how to act like a real Denny's :-)

@_date: 1998-01-11 16:05:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Theory Behind USA v. Microsoft 
Two other examples - - Rockefeller's takeover of the oil industry in the late 1800s
- the Anti-Trust laws that were intended to stop Rockefeller :-)
Apparently a large part of Rockefeller's success was recognizing the
critical resource in the industry and using control of it for
economic advantage.  The resource was railroad oil tank cars,
which were immensely more economical for shipping oil than the
competing technologies - transportation costs were substantial.
Rockefeller cornered the market for them, using them to ship oil
cheaper than other shippers, allowing his refineries to outbid
competitors for crude oil from suppliers, cornering enough of that
market to have a dominant position with the railroads,
which didn't have an economic motivation to buy their own tank cars,
and the tank car makers didn't have an incentive to make them on spec,
especially with Rockefeller twisting their arms.
The total amount of actual capital was pretty small - about 5000-6000 cars at $1000 each, back when that was still real money,
but it was enough to leverage the industry.  There were other factors
involved - his control over the tank cars let him get away with
ripping off his oil suppliers and the railroads on measurements of
the quantities they were shipping, much corporate shuffling
to hide the real ownership of the resources and evade regulators,
kickbacks to avoid common carrier railroad tariffs,
and heavy use of information technology (5000 cars only needed a
couple of clerks with ledgers, but there were lots of people telegraphing shipping data back to them so it was near-real-time.)
If the industry had been well-understood, rather than breaking up
a billion-dollar business, the anti-trust folks could have subsidized (directly or through tax breaks) competing production of tank cars.
They did try to control ownership of tank cars, so Rockefeller spun off
the tank car company, but retained effective control for decades.
Their choices have set us up for a century of bad law....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-11 16:08:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anger Crimes Up 442% In Bay Area 
Nonsense.  None of us drink _cheap_ Scotch.....  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-12 04:08:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A further thought on free markets & anarchy... 
If you begin by assuming that a free market will automagically acquire
someone with monopoly control who can prevent all competitors from acting,
you've got a rather different view of free markets than I do,
and you're basically assuming that anarchy is unmaintainable in economies,
from which the obvious conclusion is "so don't even try."
There are people who believe the same about political anarchy.
However, I don't see you presenting any reasoning for the belief
that a free market will become non-free and acquire a head.
Rather the opposite appears to have been the case in most environments
where the economic actors don't have political actors supporting
their bids for monopoly.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-12 05:42:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Adding SSL to things 
Why not just get a server that _does_ have useful SSL support,
like Apache-SSL (for non-US freeware) or Stronghold (for US commercial use)?
There are workarounds out there for undersecure clients,
like SafePassage and some German Java applet, but that's the easy side.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-14 09:48:25
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: (eternity) autonomous agents 
China _is_ currently a data haven, and the US trade talks have been
focussed on getting them to stop it.  It's not using the Internet,
just CDROMs and snailmail, but it's a huge market...
But to do that you've got to know what's on your server,
and data havens strongly depend on deniability and scalability,
so you don't sell those bits on the chips implanted in your head.
You could manage your storage in a way that lets users specify where
they _don't_ want a given opaque file to be, so they can keep
the anti-Foobarian speech out of Foobar, but if you let them
specify where they do want it, it's too easy to plant stuff.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-14 09:49:12
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Eternity Services 
My guess is that the technical aspects are relatively solvable,
at least if the market comes through with reasonable digicash.
The technical design can be fun, and lots of pieces exist.
The "Don't Quit Your Day Job" (or in this case, school) criteria are harder - doing the business plan that makes a reasonable case that
1 - Service Providers using your model can make money
2 - You personally can make money
3 - Potential investors (including you) can make money
Three obvious business models for you and your investors are
2a - Operate the service yourself, hiring people or renting space
2b - Sell/license the software to commercial providers
2c - Freeware, perhaps with some way for you to get advertising revenue
Which combinations of these options can achieve wide usage depends
a lot on your models of users of the system; some of those models
are moneymakers, some aren't, some are safe, some are dangerous,
and some just attract a sleazy clientele.  Here are a few models
- public, permanant, non-controversial - the archive business
- public, permanent, controversial - political manifestos,
- non-indexed semi-public medium-term controversial -
- non-indexed semi-public medium-term non-controversial -
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-14 10:02:19
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Of course you _have_ that right; I was writing in response to
the assertion that the _Constitution_ says you have it,
when in fact it not only says no such thing, but the
Supremes have occasionally ruled substantially differently.
I agree with Jim Choate that the 9th and 10th leave room for
all sorts of rights that nobody in their right mind
would disagree with but which the government keeps trying
to take away anyway....  but that's no excuse for claiming that
things are explicitly stated there when they're not.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-14 15:47:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: rant on the morality of confidentiality 
Depends.  [ Godwin's Law]
Consider the Nazi studies done on human susceptibility to freezing,
poisons, torture, etc., and the followon work done by various
evil empires.  Some of it was just done for fun,
but some of it _was_ real science, with hypotheses and experiments,
and there's only so much research you can do into the
resistence of the body to serious damage without actually
damaging live bodies, most accidental damage to human bodies
isn't done in sufficiently instrumented environments to be useful,
and it's just _damn_ hard to get good volunteers these days.
Did most of that work rate as "immoral science" - I'd say so.
Now, some of it has uses outside the torture business,
but the primary customer of the work on freezing was the
nuclear bomber forces of some of the larger evil empires,
which wanted to know how much risk they could take
destroying their competitors' motherlands.  Sure, part of the goal
is to protect their employees, but even that is primarily to
increase their ability to destroy their enemies' civilians,
which is pretty morally dicey even if your enemy is evil.
A few users like oil companies have workers in the Arctic, and most moral organizations are more concerned about preventing accidents and minimizing risks to workers than getting away with
as much damage to their workers as they can; there are still
some legitimate uses of the knowledge like how to do medical
care for freezing-related accident victims, or extreme situations
like nuclear power-plant disaster cleanup.  But not a lot.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-14 16:58:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spam 
There's some interesting technical work being done at maps.vix.com,
by Paul Vixie and friends.  They've got a Realtime Blackhole List
server which kills any email coming from any site they know that
permits third-party smtp relays.  They're a bit on the aggressive side
(their current implementation doesn't provide a convenient
local override list, so if you install their system in your
sendmail.cf, you lose email from anybody they block until
_they_ decide the site has rehabilitated itself.)
I learned about them the hard way (they blackhole ix.netcom.com,
so my mail to the pgp-users list now gets rejected.  Sigh.)
Their web page says they'd rather throw out a few extra babies
to get rid of all this excess bathwater.  After all, they're not just killing spam, they're killing all mail
you receive from any system that's easy to spam through,
whether it's spam or not.
Getting rid of third-party relays is a good start, and you don't
need to get rid of _all_ of them to make spamming much harder;
if you convince most of the big internet services to turn them off,
you force the spammers to go searching for relays, which is not
only more work, but if there are a number of trap systems waiting
for them they may get caught.
Losing third-party relay is rather a shame - the Internet used to
be a cooperative system where everybody tried to get mail through,
and avoiding third-party relay is more complex if your users
have lots of different domain names (e.g.  hosted at
bigisp.net).  It also pushes the net more in the direction of
all mail needing to have True Names, which is a Bad Thing,
and decreases robustness of the overall system.  Personally,
I've found it more trouble now that my employer doesn't do
third-party relay, since I need different configurations for
Eudora and Netscape Mail depending on whether my laptop is on the LAN at work or dialed into my ISP from home (Win95 IP appears to be too dumb to let me configure a hosts file that points "mailhost" to the appropriate IP address,
and Netscape seems to keep all its options in the Registry
rather than accepting command-line options like Eudora does.)
Another approach to reducing spam is of course to keep contacting
ISPs to kill off bad users, and to get ISPs to refuse spamhauses
as customers.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-15 09:39:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: [POLITICS] 1 Question to Dr. Froomkin... 
Jim -
you and I are political theorists, and you're asking a political question,
though I'm not sure what kind of question you mean.
Froomkin's a law professor, though he's also got political opinions.
To a lawyer, the answer is that the Constitution ultimately means
whatever you can talk the Supreme Court into saying it means,
or whatever you or your opponents can talk a lower court into saying if the court's opinion is strong enough that the loser decides
it's not worth spending the resources to appeal, and the Supreme Court
has decided all sorts of things over the years depending on
the political climate.   Many legal and political theorists have
opinions about Marbury vs. Madison and the other cases in which the
Supreme Court decided that the Constitution said they're the ones
who get to decide what the Constitution means; you may have opinions
about that, or you could be asking Froomkin what he thinks about it.
On the other hand, the Constitution is a political compromise
between a bunch of long-dead politicians, in which they offered the
public a deal that they'd mostly stick within its limits
if they agreed not to ignore or overthrow them.  So you could be asking
if he thinks it's a good compromise, or you could be asking if
he's a Loyal American who agrees not to overthrow or ignore the
Constitution (as opposed to one of them pinko Commies),
or you could be asking if he's a Loyal American who believes the
Government isn't sticking to their end of the bargain and
therefore deserves to be overthrown.  Or you could be asking a
Lysander Spooner question about whether he thinks a bunch of
promises made by a bunch of long-dead politicians have any
authority over either the politicians or the people today.
So which question are you asking, and why?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-15 09:39:52
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Covert Superhighway - the missing component? 
Usenet is useful for this because flood routing works well,
and because millions of people send hundreds of megabytes a day
of cover traffic, and tens or hundreds of thousands of machines
are connected to it, so any individual machine connecting or
retrieving traffic from it is not suspicious.  It's also useful
because forgery is easy and tracing is tedious, and because there's
no central control in spite of the occasional cabals.
If we build a sub-usenet to carry our traffic, it's easy to
build good flood routing (and most of the tools can be reused),
but it isn't easy to get millions of users and thousands
of machines of cover traffic to piggyback on unless you
either create something new and really cool, or unless you
find something already cool, decentralized, and loud
to piggyback on that doesn't make your traffic noticeable.
Some directions to look:
- Stego inside Voice-over-IP - (Ron Rivest's suggestion)
This can either work because yet another phone call isn't
very suspicious, though traffic analysis is a possibility,
or you can develop the Killer Voice App for the Masses
which does store&forward of its own bits without telling them.
- IRC is one possibility, though I don't know how big it is.
- CU-SeeMe reflectors are fun, and you can stego a lot of traffic
inside your pictures.
- Ship Anonymizers with every copy of Apache (or Apache-SSL),
which is the most popular web server in the net.
- Webcam Stego for webcams with high-entropy changing pictures,
e.g. cloudy skies or oceans rather than mostly-static coffeepots.
Adam Back's idea of piggybacking on gaming nets could be among the more interesting approaches, at least for games
that don't have a central control system.
In general, I'd guess that the limits of stego are that
you can't really hide more than about 10% contraband
inside your cover material, and for some methods it's a
lot less.  If you assume the typical user has a 28.8 line,
you can get maybe the equivalent of 2400 bps of real traffic.
Fine for banking; a bit rough for selling lots of large images,
too slow for live speech.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-15 17:45:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: BAY AREA CYPHERPUNKS MEETING, SATURDAY 1/17, OAKLAND 
The January Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting will be Saturday afternoon
at C2 Software's office in Oakland.
Agenda:   Export Laws - Lee Tien and Greg Broiles
Time:     12-6pm followed by dinner - program starts at 1:00
Location: C2Net Software, Inc. 1440 Broadway Suite 700, Oakland, CA
          Phone: (510) 986-8770  Fax: (510) 986-8777 Public Transportation - about two blocks from the 12th St BART station.
Driving - From South - take 880N to Broadway exit, about .9 mile, park
          From San Francisco - Take the Bay Bridge to Grand Ave,
Map URL:  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-16 09:14:37
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: What it means to be in America... 
This isn't really the list for that sort of thing.
While Rand is partially correct, the big industrialization of the US
came from the railroad business opening the West, which depended
on killing off the Indians who lived there - in large part by
wiping out the buffalo herds and starving the people,
and by using the US Army to kill them, and granting large
chunks of the land to the railroads, not only enough right of
way for tracks, but typically several miles on each side.
Here in Northern California, the Gold Rush was simplified by
killing off the local tribes in gold country.
And much of the early industrialization in New England was
cotton mills, processing slave-grown cotton.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-16 09:14:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: USPS loosing business to email  [CNN] 
It's especially a problem for them because email is replacing a lot
of Express Mail, Fedex, and similar higher-priced services,
so profits get hit harder.  The phone companies are having the same problem - while voice over
the Internet isn't making much of a dent, expensive international calling
has a lot of fax traffic that's easy to turn into email.
And the Web is replacing a lot of 800-number calling
for information services from companies, which are also
a higher-profit part of the business.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-16 09:16:00
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Microsoft Metaphors (fwd) 
Or maybe a rental truck and a portable storage space.
One of Microsoft's big problems is that if what you want to do is
haul big stuff from place to place, you don't care what brand of truck/car
you use to pull your U-Haul Brand trailer, and similarly if what
you want to use is a Web browser with a Java engine that runs
platform-independent Java apps, you don't care if it's running on
Win95, Linux, SunOS, NintendoJava, or MacNeXTsTep.
So they want to sell you that Pickup-mounted camper that
only fits on a big Microsoft pickup-truck, as well as selling you
some GlueOn Fuzzy Dice that can't be uninstalled cleanly from rental
cars so you just buy the truck from them.
And they want to give you Internet Exploiter free, so you're stuck with
Fuzzy-Dice-Compliant Windows, rather than letting you get used
to Java-based browsers that run on anything. Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-17 02:28:28
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Talk of Banning Research into Human Cloning (fwd) 
There are different degrees of UnConstitutionalness.  Some things are so
blatantly off the edge that even if Congress passed them, they'd be laughed
out of the first court that addressed them, like banning plant-growing
or discrete mathematics or arresting everybody with Japanese ancestors.
Others are much grayer areas, where court cases addressing them would take a long time and cost a lot of money, which can be prohibitively
expensive for the early phases of research.
At least for the US, the important issue is that Congress hasn't passed any laws, nor do they need to - this is a speechmaking opp for Clinton,
and maybe for a few right-wing or left-wing Congresscritters,
so they can all sound concerned about this scary new technology,
and so the public will remember that they feel our pain.
A much more realistic, and Constitutional, possibility is that the Feds
will ban use of Federal money for cloning research.  As a civil
libertarian, I think that's just fine, and they should do the same
to other controversial research, like nuclear weapons and fetal parts,
for which significant fractions of the public don't want to be forced
to fund those activities they believe to be immoral or dangerous.
Alternatively, [Note: End of serious section] they could use the
confiscatory tax model pioneered with the machine gun and marihuana bans -
the tax on cloning body parts is an arm and a leg, but if you
clone an entire human it'll cost you your firstborn child...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-17 07:41:20
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Microsoft Metaphors 
Actually, to continue twisttied analogies,
MS is a maker of those plastic 6-pack-holder straps, and has recently discovered that beer is an important market (!) and added canned beer to their list of things they can hold (along with MS NewCoke, MS OEM-Cola.RC, MS Canned OJ, MS Canned News,
and MSBeans.)
Netscape, a maker of bottled beer (available singly, in cases, or in cardboard sixpack holders), wants the Feds to stop
Microsoft from selling their plastic straps integrated with beer.
All of us old geezers who remember drinking Home Brewed Real Beer
and the younger hackers who were exposed to beer from kegs in college
   (even if they buy canned Rolling Rock at home because it's cheap)  have been telling people for years that canning beer is a Bad Thing
and that Microsoft wouldn't know beer if it bit them on the wallet.
Bottles aren't a bad way to store beer, if you must sell it packaged,
though Netscape's got a lot of gall complaining that MS makes dealers
of MSBeerCans and MSBeerCanRings sell MSBeer along with them,
seeing as how Netscape got their start giving away free beer
in paper cups using the Computer Science Department Recreation Fund,
and got the idea for Beer from those Europeans anyway, even if they did
add the innovation of selling it in cheap one-drink-sized containers....
[OK, it wasn't very good, but at least it was better than
doing yet another bunch of Java metaphors.
Hmmm - there _are_ several brands of canned coffee,
most of which taste like Microsoft made them.... :-]
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-17 08:02:07
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: UPDATE!! BAY AREA CYPHERPUNKS MEETING, SATURDAY 1/17, OAKLAND 
Sameer asks that, due to building access limitations,
everybody please show up by 2pm to be sure the guards will let you in, and
"humor building management and sign in as requested by the guard".
And there's a parking lot on Franklin between 12th and 13th,
which is a block or two east/south of Broadway.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-19 06:02:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: e-mail muddling. 
Not particularly.  If the muddler wraps all lines at
N characters, then you can guess that all lines N characters long
can probably be put back together, which isn't hard,
but if it also loses any white space (e.g. trailing spaces)
then you've got exponentially many possibilities.
It may be worth trying to fix a couple of the easy ones, though.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-19 07:00:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: New Software Controls 
(Wasenaar discussion...)
It's only weird if you assume the authors have a clue...
Depending on the overall context, telco software companies and their
customers may find this section interesting as well.
If they were thinking at all when they wrote this, they were probable concerned
about products that let people ship exportable binaries and patchtools
that let users recover the source code to undo the limitations.
But as you say, general purpose tools work fine.  The special purpose
tools I've seen have been the ones that patch the binaries of Netscape
40-bit versions to reenable 128-bit capability, and they just use binary.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-20 16:29:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: (eternity) Eternity as a secure filesystem/backup medium (fwd) 
Assume the existence of a for-profit service provider.
The service provider needs to cover the costs of the service,
plus enough profit to make the effort interesting.
The prices charged need to reflect the costs (or be higher)
or the service provider can't make money and goes out of business.
So what are the costs, and who can be talked into paying for them?
1) Storage of information - Storage currently costs < $1/MB for raw disk, and getting cheaper by the minute, but sysadmins, lawyers, etc.
cost money and they're not getting cheaper as fast.
The costs of the equipment for permanent storage are probably about
10-50% more than the costs for storing for 5 years;
the costs of administration (assuming inflation is limited to
some small number) can be covered by an annuity.
Every technology upgrade or two you need to copy the archives to new storage media, and data that doesn't get accessed often may
get migrated out to slower or perhaps even offline media;
storage contracts need to reflect that retrieving data that hasn't
been accessed in a while may involve some delay.
2) Transmission of information - Roughly proportional to MB/time -
unlike storage, this one's not predictable, unless the provider and
author agree in advance (e.g. N free accesses per year, per password.)
So the provider could charge the reader for access, or use advertising
banners to fund retrieval costs (if that remains a valid model
for financing the web over the next N years, especially if the
readers retrieve data through anonymizers.)
3) Legal defense - This one's harder to predict :-)  The current US climate is that service providers are relatively immune as long as they cooperate with subpoenas and court orders,
discourage copyright violators, and avoid having legal knowledge of
the contents of their sites, but that could change.
If they want their names known, they can include them in the contents
of the data that readers retrieve, independent of what the server does.
(Of course, they can forge other peoples' names as well :-)
And they can use pseudonyms, with or without digital signatures,
and accumulate reputation capital under those nyms.
If they want to collect money from the readers, that's independent -
they may be able to include advertising, or may sell the decryption
keys to the data for digicash or information using some contact mechanism,
or they may just be publishing their manifestos for The True Cause.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-20 16:29:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: (eternity) Eternity as a secure filesystem/backup medium 
But it can be, and the costs of doing so aren't much higher than
storing it for the first couple of years.  Depends on what service
the customer wants to buy.  And there are applications that
require more than 100 years of data protection, e.g. ownership
of copyrights which last 50 years beyond the author's death.
But for Matt Barrie's question, any permanent document will do.
Hard to say.  Assuming that Quantum Cryptography doesn't allow
finite-sized computers to do large exponentially complex calculations
in short finite time, you're probably limited by the number of atoms
in the available supply of planets, and Heisenberg may still get you
if that's not a low enough limit.  Moore's law isn't forever.
But there's no particular reason to limit RC4 or RC5 to 128 bits;
those are convenient sizes for MD5 hashes of passphrases.
So if you're paranoid, use RC4-256 and superencrypt with 5-DES.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-20 17:08:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Deriving economic profits from writing FREE software? 
There's the standard shareware model - ask for $25.
There's the Cygnus model - charge money for support.
There's the Netscape/McAfee/etc. model - free for personal use,
There's the Eudora model - basic version free, bells&whistles extra.
There's the advertising-banner model - the software/service is free,
There are probably a lot more ways to do it as well, but it's a start.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-21 16:19:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Distributed stock trading system 
At 04:38 PM 1/19/98 -0600, Igor Chudov @ home wrote, but not in this order:
Interesting gedanken-project.  Some related work is Bob Hettinga's geodesic networks and (Mark Miller?)'s agorics.
Long since solved - use NTP.  Assuming the nodes don't need to be
stealthy, they can just clock off each other; if they need stealth,
they should clock off some trusted worldwide internet providers.
If they need to be blazingly invisible, use a GPS receiver clock.
(Using NTP with each other makes it easy to estimate distances,
but that's a risk any time you've got uniform clocking and
reasonably fast-turnaround communication.)
You've described the Node as a "clearing corporation", with bonding
to cover liability.  The corporation and central authority both work
against your goal of "a) independent of borders and national laws."
Also, assuming that each Node posts bonds in about the same amount
as it accepts bonds posted with it, the bonds still don't provide
an incentive not to abscond with the money, since it steals about
as much as it forfeits in bond; expected positive future cash flow is what discourages the Node from absconding.  Posting bonds with
a central authority avoids this problem, but a central authority
is both a target for governments and for freelance thieves,
and a temptation for its operators to abscond.
That's a job for careful implementation; you don't want customers
taking down nodes either.
You didn't address a major problem:
0) Scalability
Talking to 10 other nodes in realtime is easy.  10000 is hard.
Not only do you need the bandwidth, but you've got to worry about
nodes that are down, or that you temporarily can't communicate with,
and you've got to be fast enough to respond to all their demand,
maintain state for your crypto sessions with them, recover from
your own outages, and deal with the queuing if they've all decided
that you've got the best price for something this second.
The more nodes you talk to, the harder it is to scale.
But the fewer nodes you talk to directly, the slower it is to
propagate information about prices, bids, and offers, and therefore
the harder it is to get prices to converge - since you discuss
eliminating arbitrage, bid-ask spreads, and expensive intermediaries,
this is a problem.  Also, assuming the system has convenient room
for negotiation, you'll still have time delays as people are deciding
what to do, so there's still arbitrage to be made, and depending
on your liability structure, there's probably room for low-balling
and high-balling on bids.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-22 05:11:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: British Ministers Adopt Unbreakable Crypto 
Sometime in the late 80s I was at some computer security conference
that had some presentations on biometrics; the issue of body parts
no longer attached to original-condition bodies was brought up by
several of the exhibitors (I think they were checking for pulse
while scanning fingerprints, for example.)  As Tim said, the James Bond movie was old by then, and also the military and other
Feds have been early enthusiasts for biometric identifiers - if the
KGB is bothered by detached hands, it's because it takes longer
than just carrying the guard's body across the room, and the
bloodstains might be noticed faster than a "sleeping" guard.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-22 16:22:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Candidate Blacknet Customer :-) 
has a section called the "Newspaper Intelligence Page", which has anonymized comments from newspaper reporters about what their (current or former) newspaper
working environments are like.  Aside from the usual issues
that any site for griping about work offers, this site provides
a lot of insight into the media business  - how much freedom do
writers have, what kinds of topics get squashed, what the biases
of the editors and management are like.  The folks who run the site
have some obvious concerns about lawsuits.
Looks like a good candidate for a Blacknet-style web site...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-22 16:27:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NYT compression proposal 
Obviously you can't compress the keys themselves, and if you just take
a short chunk of each key, you don't have enough entropy to be useful.
But you can make a file with all the keys, hash the file, and post
the hash and an URL for the file.  That lets you use 128 or 160 bits
of hash.  That's plenty of room, and has full-strength security.
If you want to do a 32-character message, it's tighter;
using the usual 6-bit characters, 128 bits of hash takes 22 chars,
and 160 bits takes 27.  If you use the btoa encoding, which puts
4 bytes of binary into 5 bytes of ascii (if the 85 characters
it uses can all be printed in the NYT's fonts), that's
20 for 128 or 25 for 160.  So you have up to 12 characters left.
So how short a URL can you do?  With some cooperation from Vince, you can probably do 2 characters - "ai", which should retrieve  (currently  does.).  I don't know if
Netscape will let you retrieve this - I tried it, and got the index page for  using the Netscape "try adding .com" hack.
(If you use the hack, "a" is shorter, but you'll need to
give the IANA a good excuse for using the a.com reserved name.
And keys.com is a company in the Florida Keys, but maybe they'd
be friendly.)  The shortest URL that really looks like an URL
is probably  .
If the NYT insists on a phone number, that's 10-11 characters,
so you'll need a shorter hash :-)  Is 64 bits enough?  It's
long enough that it's hard to brute-force, and you probably
don't need to worry about birthday attacks, though it's
still uncomfortably short. Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-22 16:32:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Other c'punk lists? 
cypherpunks-announce at toad.com - announcements only.
coderpunks-request at toad.com - code-related issues
cryptography-request at c2.net - Perry Metzger's relatively low-noise list
FCPUNX - Ray Arachelian's filtered list - about 10% of cypherpunks
cypherpunks-lite - Eric Blossom's filtered list - $20/year.
cypherpunks-j at htp.org (I think that's where it is.) In Japanese.
various topical lists, like remailer-operators and ietf-open-pgp
alt.cypherpunks, if it's not moribund yet.
sci.crypt - for more technical, usually less political noise
sci.crypt.research  - low-volume  technical
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-22 17:13:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: (eternity) Eternity as a secure filesystem/backup medium (fwd) 
You missed my point - the cost of a CPU-year and GB-year drop rapidly
every year; the costs of storage plus associated CPU for 100 years of storage are probably just a bit higher than for 5 years.
For normal businesses, that's true, but eternity servers, if they can
be physically located, probably will require a bit more lawyery.
You're probably right, though you may not need 7x24 sysadmins,
and they can share their time maintaining quite a lot of servers if
they're all cookie-cutter.
Somewhere between 10:1 and 100:1; the cost of sysadmins making tapes
may be higher than the media itself :-)
The price of pipes is very roughly proportional to their size.
The size of the pipes you need are roughly proportional to how much
data gets transmitted during your busy hour.  This gets cheaper
every year as well, but nowhere near as fast, and the volume
depends on how interesting the data is to potential readers
as well as on how big it is.  There are different models for how to run an Eternity server,
but any server will need bandwidth based on how much is getting retrieved.
In any case, the machine transmitting data knows which request
it's responding to, even if it doesn't really know who the
requester or the author are, so it's not unreasonable to charge
a retrieval fee or stick on an advertising banner.
You might want to give away that THC recipe for free just to end
the drug war, or to make supplies cheap and plentiful, or because
it's a bogus recipe using your own special brand of yeast.  It's the principle of the thing :-)  On the other hand,
if the provider of the service deliberately doesn't know what
the documents on the system are, to him it's just shipping bits,
and content is Somebody Else's Problem.
I'm not talking about how to get users - I'm talking about those
annoying banners from Doubleclick and LinkExchange that fund many
of the interesting services on the net because advertisers think
it's worth their money to buy impressions.
The assumption is that True Names and physical locations are probably
anonymous.  Doesn't mean that a reader is going to retrieve documents
of unknown content by unknown authors - you may very well know that
Zed WareMeister has the best deal on slightly-used Microsoft Products
and can be found on alt.eternity.warez, and his reputation capital accumulates under the pseudonym rather than his True Name.
But there will also be authors whose names are well-known but whose locations aren't - Salmon Rushdie may be selling digitally signed copies of his latest book online, but he still doesn't want to be easy to find.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-23 03:55:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Gore Commission wants to regulate the Net like broadcast 
You know better than that, Tim - The Internet is about Commerce!
The military started it, federal funding for universities made
it popular, Physicists working for Foreign Governments and
grad students at US government universities made the Web,
and Big Commerce made it grow.  It's all Federal Interest - trust them!
And besides, IPv4 addresses _are_ a scarce resource that needs
to be allocated for the public good, and IPv6 has to be stopped
because it will devalue the addresses given to IPv4 users
(which would be an unconstitutional "taking" of their entitlements)
not to mention because it supports technology that could support
narcoterrorist agents of foreign governments and money-laundering
father-raping pornographers.
There's also regulation against revealing the rental records of
individual customers (at least customers named Bork or Thomas),
except to accommodate the legitimate needs of law endorsement or
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-23 03:55:49
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: On the LAM--Local Area Mixes 
Wiring houses/business/etc. together simply for the purpose of mixes
is difficult enough that it won't happen enough to be significant.
On the other hand, cable modems keep claiming that they'll be widely
deployed Real Soon Now, and at least some of the cable modem versions
seem to support communications between users on the same cable or
same chunk of the cable network, and may provide a useful medium,
especially if broadcasts/multicasts are available.  On a smaller scale,
there are increasing numbers of office buildings that come with
internet access, and the occasional Palo Alto apartment building is
cooperatively wired.
We've certainly seen that in the Drug Wars, with no-knock searches
and similar attacks.  On the other hand, use of search warrants in the US
has always been honored more in the breach than the observance -
the year before the Supreme Court issued the Exclusionary Rule,
the New York City police didn't bother getting any search warrants,
because the Constitutional requirement that they do so didn't have
any real enforcement mechanism.
However, LAMs and similar technology have the value that the police
may not notice all the users in a cluster, especially passive lurkers,
and the disappearance of multiple nodes allows the non-seized systems
to get their data out to another data haven and clean up. Lurkers may be passive on the LAM, but forward data received from it
out to other media.  Running network protocols without ACKs takes
a bit of work to get right, but you can run the ACKs in some outside
channel to make sure you get everything; much of the work on
multicast protocols can be used to implement it.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-23 03:56:56
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Revenge on the Nerds  -Maureen on a rampage 
For now, most of those services all live on machines dedicated
to the banner service, rather than on the same machine as the server.
Making machines vanish is easy - put them in your hosts file as
aliases to 127.0.0.2, and if you're behind a proxy server,
put them on your "no proxy" list.  Of course, if everybody
starts doing this, then more systems will start using ad servers
that have names in their own domain, but it works for now on
most of the major servers.  I've found that killing doubleclick.net
and linkexchange.com gets rid of most of the banners.
What I'd really like to see in a browser is an option to
turn off animated GIFs (other than by killing all images.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-23 04:03:48
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Revenge on the Nerds  -Maureen on a rampage 
Yow - talk about threats to the Computer Industry - Controlling our
Coffee Supply can affect the productivity of the Entire Country!
These Monopolists are  after our precious bodily fluids!
BTW, if you've ever been to Sacramento, CA, that hive of villiany
and stupidity, there's apparently a law or custom which says that
nobody may make or sell any coffee strong enough to wake up a
government bureaucrat...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-23 12:39:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gore Commission wants to regulate the Net like broadcast 
It's not just the government - the mass media have been scared of the
Net for a long time because it disintermediates them.  The recent flap about the Drudge Report and the lack of fact-checking and quality is a good example of that - the spin has been very negative about the dangers of uncontrolled, uncensored, unthrottled speech.
An alternative spin could be to emphasize signal-to-noise and the
far better quality of information that traditional media can provide.
While I've got some disagreements about James Donald's explanations of
Crypto Kong's model (no need for CAs, etc. vs. the simple approaches
for replicating the Web Of Trust and CAs using his tools),
once nice thing about it is that you don't use anything called a "certificate" - it just compares whether a message is signed by the
same key that a previous message was.  That previous message can be
a vanilla message, or an introductory note from someone (Alice saying
that Bob's key is 457HLJCR8YFDG7807FG7FD87G, and that this is the
Bob she met at the Peace Center fundraiser), or a note from Catbert
the HR Director saying Bob works at MegaFooBar, or a note from
BankFoo that the checks from account 23123124 need to be signed by
key 93243248329048.  While they work like key signatures, they don't
look like CA signatures, they look like ordinary correspondence.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-23 12:43:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CP Bust or Buyout? 
Well, we got there and there was a note on the door
saying we had to "sign in credibly" and not freak the guards,
so some people signed in credibly and some signed incredibly.
Sameer did take down the Police Line Do Not Cross tape
and let us get at the sodas; perhaps that bribed some people :-)
We had a reasonably good crowd, and a bunch of out-of-towners
got to talk about what they were doing and work in progress.
Peter Trei did a nice rehash of his talk on the state of key cracking,
somewhat more technical than the layperson version he'd done
at the RSA show.   It keeps getting easier; 40 bits is laughable,
56 is work, but very crackable, even for RC5, and 64 bits will
take years at the current rate - he and some others would rather
see the next big distributed cracks going for RSA 512-bit keys.
Hardware has been advancing a good bit as well as distributed efforts.
The social dynamics of distributed cracking are much different than
expected - the feeling of community that teams have appears to be
more of a motivator than the prize for most people, so coordinated
efforts have been the big contributors.
The talk on export control was put off until another meeting, though Greg Broiles gave a nice short summary of what's going on.  He'd appreciate input on other people's
experience getting products through the export bureaucrats.
Hugh talked about the state of FreeS/WAN Linux IPSEC,
and also about Secure DNS, which he and John Gilmore recently
went through the paperwork of exporting, crypto source and all.
Lucky Green talked about the Smartcard activities - he and his
unindicted co-conspirators discovered that they're the only
group making public smartcard support tools that aren't controlled
by a smartcard vendor.  Check them out on cypherpunks.to.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-23 15:59:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Why no "Banner Ad Eaters"? 
With both PICS ratings for web pages and the new TV ratings,
somehow the ratings only apply to the program and not the ads.
After all, if each TV commercial had to be separately rated,
people would rapidly develop equipment to autoblock commercials,
and that just wouldn't do.
Unfortunately, you're probably right, though providers and advertisers
who really want their messages to get through will find ways to do it.
The current banners are nice, friendly implementations in that they're
easy to identify and block; newer ones will just be sneakier.
They'll come from the same machine as the real page, or they'll
be embedded in the background images, or the servers will insist on not shipping you the pages you want until you've downloaded the banner
(e.g. by putting some of the interesting material into images.)
Sure, it requires some server rewriting, but there's money in it.
Alternatively, they may go to clickthrough payment models - the
web page owner only gets paid when people click on the ad,
though perhaps at a higher rate than current "impressions".
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-23 16:15:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: How to eliminate liability? 
Secret Sharing is easy, and there are a number of implementations with
useful properties like being able to read the original from K of N parts.*
The problem is how to implement it in ways that protect the server
operators as well as the information providers.  For instance,
the author's client software can do the split and send the shares too
different servers, and make sure the readers know how to find the pieces;
this can even be automated enough to make it convenient.
This not only makes it hard for the Bad Guys to find the pieces,
it makes it impossible for the data haven provider to know what's
being stored there, and even if the site is siezed it doesn't give up
the critical information.  This is a Good Thing, and we've discussed it.
On the other hand, what happens if a Bad Guy wants to entrap the operator,
by planting child pornography, pirated software, and TOP SECRET data
in the data haven, advertising on Usenet and then calling the cops.  Anybody, including the cops, can retrieve the contraband and bust them.
So what are the alternatives, besides obviously encrypting your disks
so it's harder to determine what's on them besides the plant,
and the ever popular "don't let them find your physical location"?
Perhaps the data haven can do the split and farm the data out to
other data havens - but how do they know the data they're receiving
is really a slice of contraband data instead of Yet Another Plant?
It gets pretty convoluted.
[* You can read about secret sharing in Schneier. ]
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-23 17:03:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Search warrants, was Re: On the LAM--Local Area Mixes (fwd) 
Going and doing stuff is an Executive Branch function;
enforcing laws is an Executive Branch function.
Issuing the warrant allowing the police to go search or arrest
someone is a judicial function, and is generally done on request
by the police or prosecutors.  In the case of early-60s New York,
of course, it simply wasn't bothered with.  :-)
I'm not familiar with the case - got a pointer?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-24 16:26:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Misty??? 
When FEAL was written, it wasn't snake oil.  If anybody tries to use it
today, it _is_ snake oil, because it and a number of variants on it
are well known to be broken.  (Too bad, because it was made to be small and light and run on wimpy processors, but there are now other
small fast cyphers around.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-24 16:38:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Sucking Sound... 
I was talking to Hugh yesterday, and he asked if I'd heard the big news
- no, not Clinton's sex scandal, the important news, about the
Netscape browser source code being freed :-)
(This was before the news on the Unabomber confession broke.)
If the Democrats think Clinton's going down anyway, they're probably
better off having him resign now and give Gore a couple years in office,
since he'll probably be re-elected if the economy stays strong (probable)
and if the Republicans don't come up with a useful candidate (probable);
if he has to be Vice-Clinton for two more years, he's got minimal chance
of election even if the Republicans come out with another bozo,
because Gore will be more tainted and still just waterboy.
Yeah - especially since President Gore would have to start off by
Doing Something to get some positive momentum, and it would probably
be doing something bad to the Internet.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-26 04:04:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Burning papers 
There are shredders, and then there are shredders.  The SOHO-sized
shredders that just cut things into ribbons aren't very thorough
(and it's been demonstrated that documents shredded that way can
be reassembled by sufficiently large numbers of Iranian college students)
but they're good prep for burning the papers.
On the other hand, the cross-cut shredders that leave flakes no more
than 1/8" rectangles or even smaller chad are good enough for
classified documents.
Of course, if your documents are on floppy disks, any shredder that
won't jam on them does a pretty good job :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-26 15:09:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Announcement: RPK InvisiMail released on 12 Jan, 1998 
I was amused to receive two mail messages back-to-back,
one from Peter Gutmann talking about New Zealand having one of the
strictest formal export controls in the world, and one from
RPK New Zealand talking about how their encryption product is
not export-controlled because it's from NZ, not the US,
and how their RPK Fast Public Key Encryptonite(tm) Engine
is the strongest crypto in the world.  Either they haven't
bothered asking for export permission, or they asked in such a way
that the export bureaucrats didn't notice it was crypto and
regulated by their crypto export preventers, or their crypto
somehow falls through the cracks, e.g. by using an algorithm with
public keys shorter than 512 bits (works for ECC, not RSA)
and private keys shorter than 40 bits (or 41 on a good day),
or perhaps passes the "snake oil test" for export permission.
I suppose it's possible that the NZ Export Bureaucrats have
lightened up since Peter's last dealings with them,
but it's not likely.
========= From Peter Gutmann's web page
This policy has resulted in New Zealand enjoying the dubious distinction of having the strictest export controls on earth, with everything ranging from crypto hardware down to software, library books, computer magazines, and journals being restricted from export.  It's not even possible for a university to publish academic research without prior permission from a government agency, and the requirements for obtaining this permission are structured to ensure that they can never be fulfilled.  You can find the information on:
  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-27 15:58:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Announcement: RPK InvisiMail released on 12 Jan, 1998 
Thanks for an interesting perspective on working with NZ's export Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-28 05:37:22
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Executing Kaczynski 
Eric Hughes was the Berkeley student of esoteric mathematics
who was good at woodworking.  He'd have been pretty young when
he started his Life Of Crime, but he always was precocious :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-28 17:07:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: feedME account 
Normally I'd try to get the cypherpunks mailing list removed
from this mailing list, but a web-based open news reader looks like a useful thing to have, and it looks like
they try to do advertising on the web pages rather than
sending out lots of email.  The password is limited to 8 characters, so it's now
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-28 17:53:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ULotD? Cuban Tattoos. 
Well of course it was!  But a well-crafted urban legend,
with enough truth and enough deliberate bogosity to be worthwhile.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-28 17:53:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Planetary rovers, SETI and other musings, was Re: update.356 (fwd) 
Speaking of SETI, their current intent is to do a distributed
computation spread across thousands of computers, similar to some of the
keycracking efforts.  Details at  ;
the Recent News section says they're currently trying to figure
out about funding.  Meanwhile, there's  for
factoring big prime numbers.
But I thought Jim Bell had a solution to .....  :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-30 04:16:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Finding the Cyphernomicon 
First hit I got at hotbot was the standard one
and it seems to work fine.
Also  works.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-31 06:21:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FC: Letter from high-tech CEOs to Feinstein: back off! 
Forwarded from Declan's list
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-31 17:26:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Why This List Is A Security Risk 
Eric Hughes was discussion out-of-band attacks on security systems,
such as providing the target's employees with opportunities for
"simultaneous employment" :-)   However, as the last part of
section (4) says, you've got to be careful of those suspicious
foreign cryptographers....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-07-07 10:07:12
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Private-enterprise wiretapping 
STOLEN NUMBERS -- [New York Times, p. 31, 7/5.] Federal investigators said the scam was ingenious in its simplicity: Five people in New York City would tap into public pay phones at major airports across the country, then steal calling-card numbers
punched in by unsuspecting travelers. The scheme ended last month with the arrests of four men and one woman. But the case is
only the latest machination in a $4-billion-a-year telephone fraud industry that keeps reinventing itself. "This is something we have
not seen before," said Boyd Jackson [of] network security at AT&T, one of the industry experts who helped Federal investigators on
the case. "And there is nothing I am aware of that customers can do to fully protect themselves." The Secret Service was tipped off
by AT&T, Bell Atlantic and MCI after they received an unusually high number of complaints from customers who had recently used
their calling cards in airports. [Also San Jose Mercury News, 1C; Rocky Mountain News, 33A; Sun-Sentinel, 3A, 7/4.]

@_date: 1998-07-10 21:13:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: no subject! 
Dr. Ron Paul often introduces good bills that will never get anywhere,
because he's _not_ a mainstream Congressscritter.
He was a conservative Republican Congresscritter from Houston, quit the GOP in ~1986/1987, ran for President as a Libertarian, (lost),
and a couple of years ago decided to re-emerge as a Republican.
He's generally in favor of personal and economic freedom,
though he seems to believe that the US government owns the country
and therefore has the right to ban immigrants; I took the Ron Paul
bumper sticker off my car a few years after the election when he
endorsed Pat Buchanan for the Republican nomination instead of
the also-bad George Bush.  He's also rabidly against the U.N.,
and borders on Black-Helicopter paranoia on occasion :-)
He's willing to take a strong stand against the Republicrats when there are issues of principle, and therefore doesn't have a lot of support - often he and Bernie Sanders, the Vermont Socialist, are about the only members opposing a bill.  So no surprise if the bill dies.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-07-10 21:14:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Junger et al. 
A particularly relevent language is the Algorithmic Language, Algol,
which was designed for mathematicians to describe algorithms to each other,
though it was also designed in a way to support compilers,
such as ALGOL-60.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-07-17 17:53:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FWD: new MIT SPKI software release 
A new release of the MIT SDSI/SPKI C software distribution is available.  Go to
and follow the software distribution links in the paragraph about SDSI/SPKI 2.0.  Note that you must be a US or Canadian citizen, etc., to get this software.  The following binary builds are available:
An Intel Linux build will hopefully be available soon.
These are all built from the source distribution:
As usual, many bugs were fixed in this release.  See ChangeLog in the source
distribution for the details.
More general notes from the 0.4.0 README:
Release 0.4.0
This code now requires (sequence )s to conform to the expected grammer
in the structure-06 draft, i.e., it supports the macro "def" and "ref"
mechanism, and, if threshold subject support is compiled in, the
"process-threshold" mechanism.  It will reject sequences that use
the old (do hash ) or old (do k-of-n) directives.
DSA support has been finished, and is compiled into the library by
default.  This means that SDSI2_FEATURE_STRUCTURE6_SIGS is defined by
default; since this changes the grammar for signatures to match what
is expected in the structure-06 draft, earlier signatures will break.
See the applicable blurb in the 0.3.0 notes of the README for details.
PGP support has been extended to handle what I believe to be the
majority of PGP 5.0 keyrings.  If your PGP private keyring uses IDEA
or CAST5 with MD5 or SHA1 to seal the secrets, sdsi2sh should be able
to read it.  PGP DSA keys are fully supported.
The SDSI distribution now includes MIT-written multi-precision integer
and DES libraries.  This means that you don't have to track down and
compile GNU MP and Eric Young's libdes if you don't want to.  If you
do still want to compile with one or both of these other libraries,
you can - see the main documentation for instructions on when you may
want to, and how.
The reduction code has been completely rewritten.  It's separated out
from sequences, in its own little internal API.  You step a reduction
with rules until you run out of them, and then you can get out the
conclusion that results from those rules.  It's possible to reduce
a whole (sequence ) into its equivalent (cert ), or to just reduce
two (cert )s into one.
The cache API has changed considerably, to present the face of a
generic S-expression cache.  sdsi2_cache_add_search_term is a single
function used for incrementally building a cache query, that works a
lot more intuitively than the old add_search_.._term functions did.
The actual cache format has not changed.
The ugly story of unparsing S-expressions, or filling a sdsi2Sexp, has
been completely retold.  It is now possible to allocate a new
sdsi2Stream, simply "push" canonical elements (like whole sdsi2Sexp *,
sdsi2ByteString *, integers, etc.) onto it, and then just call
sdsi2_sexp_parse to have it parse that into a new sdsi2Sexp.
Two new commands have been added to sdsi2sh: "load" and "save" allow
you to load a variable from and save a variable to a file.

@_date: 1998-07-23 01:16:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: PGP security? 
The message from your friend is a purely fabricated troll;
don't worry about it.
Is that 200 Sun Microsystems Computers, or 200 of those big yellow things? :-)
Some previous versions of PGP had some weaknesses.
PGP version 1 had the cool "Bass-O-Matic" algorithm, before
Phil learned cryptography; read his discussion of Snake Oil in the manuals.
I think some of the early versions had weaknesses in their random number generators used for session keys, but I may be mixing
that up with Netscape, which definitely used to have that problem.
One of the current concerns is that the popular version 2.6.2 et al
use the MD5 hash, which is starting to show some theoretical weaknesses,
though none of them are known to be exploitable against PGP,
but the newer versions prefer to use SHA-1 as a hash just in case.
There was also a serious problem which allowed an attacker to
create a public/private key pair with the same keyID as a target (much shorter key, so quick to create, and who checks key length?),
so the newer versions use a different method for creating keyIDs
that's hard to spoof.  Early versions also used shorter KeyIDs,
so it was possible to get a collision by brute force, so the keyIDs
were made longer.  Impersonating a KeyID makes it possible to fake
signatures, and also possible to trick PGP or the user into trusting the wrong key, which is always bad.
The secret key ring file has two current weaknesses,
which matter if somebody can access your file (so don't let that happen!)
One is that if you have wimpy passphrases, a dictionary attack can
crack the record containing your private key, at which point you lose -
so don't use a wimpy passphrase, AND do protect your secret keyring well.
Another, less serious is that the file contains the user name in plaintext - so if you're trying to hide your secret identity, someone reading the file will see that you not only have keys for Clark Kent, but also for Superman;
in some environments, this can be more dangerous than cracking the
passphrase, because the guys with rubber hoses can get your passphrase
once they know they want it.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-07-28 00:05:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fw: my thoughts for this list 
Actually, GPG has been a PGP-look-similar-but-not-interoperate-like
rather tha a workalike.  Unless GPG has been updated lately,
GPG keys tend to do Very Crashy Things to my PGP 5.5.x
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-07-29 23:45:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: encrypted FM radio hiss 
At 11:04 AM 7/27/98 -0700, David Honig wrote, about (Real, not Pseudo) RNGs:
It's an interesting problem, and I doubt there's a consensus on strength,
in particular, on how much randomness is left after you take a
random sample out of the system.  I'd feel much better if you
also ran the output through a keyed hash before giving it to anyone
(e.g. run pairs or triples of 64-bit blocks plus a private salt through MD5.)
With a perfectly strong RNG, the output should also be perfectly strong,
though with a weak RNG, the block cypher does add some correlation.
You definitely should trash the initial outputs, until you've added
enough bits of real randomness that the block chaining step has
probably accumulated a whole block's worth of randomness.
Otherwise, the first round of block cypher is an ECB on a small
set of input data (e.g. 64 possible values of one 1 and 63 0s
fed into a DES cracker.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-07-30 00:22:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Amused but still looking for... 
Meetings are the second Saturday of the month (for the Bay Area).
Directions and agenda will be posted early next week;
volunteers for talks are always welcome.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-06-04 19:10:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spamford's new business venture 
Seems Spamford has found yet another way to Make M0ney 0n the Net -
as an expert witness for people suing spammers.
The paper said he'll be working for the law firm that nailed
him with a $2M case earlier this year.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-06-05 02:48:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Meetings and PGP 6.0 
Cypherpunks meeting is almost always at the same time,
but often changes locations, depending on the availability of meeting places
and the whims of the organizers :-)  This month, we'll be meeting in
Berkeley, and as usual I'd appreciate anybody suggesting topics
they'd like to talk about there.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-06-05 19:12:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IP: Uncle Sam is Hooked on Forfeiture (fwd) 
Somebody, probably Vlad, forwarded this via Swiss Remailer.
I normally try not to reply to Ignition-Points forwards here,
but this one's relevant.  "Access devices" often includes things like
computer passwords as well as smartcards for building entry.
So "Crack a password, lose your computer" would apply
as well as "Crack 15+ passwords, get busted".
I don't know if that was Senator Sleazy's intent with the bill,
but it's an obvious application if not.  Did the bill pass?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-06-07 12:40:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Counterpane Cracks MS's PPTP 
G**dT*mes and its ilk are hoaxes, which infect the mind of some readers,
causing Fear and Panic, and propagating around like chain letters.
But the fear-causing part is the assertion that if you read the message,
it will execute on your computer and do Bad Scary Things.
In the case of G**dT*mes, this was bogus, but it doesn't have to be.
In a passive-mail-reader environment, this won't happen,
because there's no reason your mailreader will execute commands embedded in email, but if you've got a mail-reader that
executes scripts sent to it in the mail, you don't need the human reader's participation to spread things,
you just need to tell the mail-reader to propagate and then
do whatever payload you've sent along as well.
The IBM Christmas-Tree Virus didn't use Fear to execute -
it promised the readers an amusing animated Christmas Tree on their terminals
(back when that was still perceived as cool :-) and if the sucker ran it,
it ran its propagation phase before or during the animation.
And back when we used Real Terminals instead of emulators,
you could send a crafty escape sequence to an HP2621 or VT100
to stash material in a register or on the screen and
get it sent back to the computer.  If you made a good guess
about the environment, this was enough ("Quit mailreader, run /tmp/boom".)
There was an article in the SFChron or Oakland Trib in spring 1979
about how "hackers at Berkeley" discovered a security hole in
"the Unix, a computer made by DEC", which was really a terminal exploit.
How good is that VT100 emulator you're using to telnet to that shell account?
 .

@_date: 1998-06-08 03:59:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: anonymous mailboxes 
One way to do pseudonymous email boxes is to use a web-based
mailbox server such as hotmail and pick up the mail through
anonymizers or onion routers.  Obviously you need SSL for the
anonymizer connections, and for the mailbox connection as well,
and the name of the mailbox needs to be in the encrypted portion
of the SSL requests rather than in the sniffable URL parts.
The main threat is eavesdroppers watching the anonymizers
over a period of time, picking up patterns that may not show
during a single mail pickup.  So you need enough anonymizers out there, or enough cover traffic on a smaller number of anonymizers, but it should basically be doable.
It also helps if you can send mail to the mailer using the web,
with SSL and chains of anonymizers to do it, to protect the sender,
but anonymous remailers can also solve that problem.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-06-11 21:28:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FWD: backdoor trojan in ICKill 
At 11:00 PM 6/10/98 +0200, a remailer user forwarded
a message From: Bachrach (bachrach at netreach.net)
about a major security backdoor in ICKill, a utility that
apparently augments or hangs around ICQ - it's a little-documented
feature designed into the system rather than a bug or unexpected behaviour.
More information is at
Don't tell the FBI - they'll just want to use it themselves.  :-!
Is there some way to locate and reach ICKill users directly?
Do they show up on ICQ in some useful manner?
(I don't use either of the products....)  Directly notifying them
could help the problem, or at least generate a number of
emails to the author who put the feature in there.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-06-26 18:14:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Lucent Researcher Cracks PKCS#1, SSL 
Lucent researcher cracks encryption code
By Margaret Kane, ZDNet
An encryption researcher has discovered a software flaw that could allow a hacker to break the software codes used for electronic commerce.
The problem protocols use the Public Key Cryptography Standard  including the Secure Sockets Layer, or SSL standard. RSA Data Security Inc., which defined the standard, said that the vulnerability does not
apply to PKCS  secure messaging protocols, such as Secure Electronic Transactions and Secure Multipurpose Internet Mail Extension because they are not susceptible to -- and already implement --
mechanisms preventing this potential vulnerability. But at a Web site using SSL, a hacker could break the code by sending millions of messages to the target server and observing the server's response.
That information could be used to decode an intercepted session, said Daniel Bleichenbacher, a researcher at Lucent Technologies Inc.'s (Nasdaq:LU) Bell Labs. A slew of software companies announced today that they are working on a patch for the problem, and will post it on their Web sites. RSA, a division of Security Dynamics Technologies, (Nasdaq:SDTI) said it is working with IBM (Nasdaq:IBM), Microsoft Corp.(Nasdaq:MSFT), Netscape Communications Corp. (Nasdaq:NSCP), Open Market Inc. (Nasdaq:OMKT), and others on the problem. RSA is also working with the CERT Coordination Center on the problem, which has posted a technical advisory about the situation. Reuters contributed to this story. ++++++++++++++++++ Extracted From Another web page there m+++++++++++++
SSL flaw could expose encrypted data
A researcher at Lucent Technologies Inc.'s Bell Laboratories has discovered a vulnerability in the SSL encryption commonly used in electronic commerce transactions.
The flaw, which has been exposed only in a laboratory setting, would allow a hacker to capture encrypted data in a session between a browser and server.
The vulnerability is hardly a fatal flaw in SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). Rather, it's a hole that a savvy Web site administrator should be able to spot before a hacker can do any damage.
"The good news here is that you still have to be pretty smart to break it," said Julie Ferguson, chief technology officer of ClearCommerce Corp., in Austin, Texas.
The researcher, Daniel Bleichenbacher, who works in the secure systems research department of Bell Labs, in Murray Hill, N.J., found a way for a hacker to derive the session key used in a transaction by feeding off the error messages created by a server.
First, the hacker must prepare roughly 1 million messages to send against the server to capture the information. Bleichenbacher said he created an algorithm that analyzes those messages and derives the session key--which is randomly generated for each transaction by a combination of public and private keys at the Web site and the consumer's browser. Still, a competent site administrator should notice that his Web site has suddenly received a barrage of bad messages.
"It should be very easy to see that an attack is taking place," Bleichenbacher said. The hacker would also have to capture a session at some point on the line, likely at an Internet service provider, not knowing whether there is information within it that is worth stealing.
Because a session key is randomly generated for each session, it's possible for a hacker to capture information only about that individual session, said officials at RSA Data Security Inc., which developed SSL in conjunction with Netscape Communications Corp.
The flaw, technically found in the standard called the Public Key Cryptography System  does not apply to encryption algorithms themselves but rather to the way packets are placed into encrypted envelopes. PKCS is due to be upgraded next month, and the latest revision will account for the newly found vulnerability, said Scott Schnell, vice president of marketing at RSA, in Redwood City, Calif.
 The implications are perhaps most serious for home banking, because a hacker using this flaw could capture a user's banking information.
Although there are no known real-world attacks taking advantage of this SSL flaw, software vendors promise to have patches that mask the error messages. Netscape, in Mountain View, Calif., already has one available on its Web site for several applications, including Netscape Enterprise Server, Netscape Proxy Server and the company's messaging servers.
Microsoft Corp. also has created a fix that masks the error messages that a hacker would rely upon. Officials of the Redmond, Wash., company said they have worked with Netscape to ensure that their respective fixes do not create interoperability problems.
Both companies said they have already alerted major customers about the problem and provided them with fixes.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-06-26 19:49:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RSA Material on PKCS#1 Crack 
The attack: ftp://ftp.rsa.com/pub/pdfs/bulletn7.pdf
OEM Countermeasures: Countermeasures for Users of Servers: Q&A : ======         RSA to Provide OEM Customers
               with Guidelines and Technology to
               Thwart Potential Web Server
               Security Attack
               OAEP Formatting Adds Important Security to
               Vulnerable Applications
               June 26, 1998 -- RSA Data Security, Inc. today
               announced guidelines to assist its OEM customers in
               both assessing their products vulnerability to a newly
               discovered potential security attack, and to identify
               pre-emptive countermeasures to thwart such an attack.                The guidelines are designed to help developers
               understand the nature and mechanism of the threat,
               pose a series of technical questions to identify
               vulnerable constructs in the developers software
               design, and provide a set of countermeasures from
               which to choose based on the developers needs.                These guidelines are available online at
                              The potential threat affects server products that employ
               an interactive key establishment protocol in conjunction
               with the PKCS  standard for digital envelopes,
               including SSL-based servers.  SET (Secure Electronic
               Transaction) and other secure messaging protocols,
               such as S/MIME (Secure Multipurpose Internet Mail
               Extension), are not susceptible to or already implement
               mechanisms preventing this potential attack.                Recent research by cryptographer Daniel
               Bleichenbacher of the Bell Labs Secure Systems
               Research Department, the research and development
               arm of Lucent Technologies, indicate that the above
               combination is potentially vulnerable to a class of attack
               known as Adaptive Chosen Ciphertext Attacks.  The
               potential attack noted by Mr. Bleichenbacher relies on
               sending a target server on the order of a million carefully
               constructed messages and observing variations in the
               servers response.  As such, the attack is both
               detectable and can be prevented with countermeasures.
               For some developers, the most effective countermeasure
               is incorporation of the Optimal Asymmetric Encryption
               Padding (OAEP) technology, a method of formatting an
               encrypted message so that attackers cannot learn
               information about the contents through repeated
               probing.  OAEP is designed to thwart a variety of
               attacks, including the Adaptive Chosen Ciphertext
               Attack.
               For other developers, the most effective countermeasure
               will be preventing an assailant from gaining information
               from messages returned from their server.  RSAs
               guidelines provide design information for developers to
               use in implementing this form of countermeasure as well.
               RSA Laboratories, the research arm of RSA, plans to
               include OAEP in the next version of  PKCS  a widely
               used cryptography standard, that will be available as a
               draft for comment in July.  PKCS  is used in SSL and
               other popular security mechanisms to provide
               confidentiality for exchange of symmetric encryption
               keys (digital envelopes), as well as to construct digital
               signatures.                 OAEP has already been integrated into RSAs newest
               release of BSAFE 4.0, the companys flagship
               cryptographic security development suite which began
               shipping this month.  RSA intends to make available
               OAEP updates conforming to the new PKCS                specification for its BSAFE 3.0 and 4.0 products in July,
               and to incorporate OAEP in an upcoming version of
               JSAFE, RSAs security engine for Java.  RSA
               recommends that developers target these upcoming
               OAEP updates for inclusion in their products.  Check
               this site for more information on OAEP updates in the
               coming weeks.                 RSAs Website will also host links to vendors sites
               where countermeasures are made available as a service
               to both OEMs and end customers.  See RSAs related
               announcement on this subject.  Currently, the following
               vendor information Website links are available:                     C2Net Software, Inc.                      Consensus Development Corporation
                                         IBM Corporation                      Lotus Development Corporation
                                         Microsoft Corporation
                                         Netscape Communications Corporation
                                         Open Market, Inc.
                                         RSA Data Security, Inc.
                                    An RSA Labs technical paper discussing this
               vulnerability, as well as additional information, is
               available on RSAs Website,
               ============ SSL Countermeasures
These countermeasures enhance the security of popular Internet servers and  software products based on the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.  The countermeasures are available from respective vendors' Web sites, and include configuration guidelines, software updates where applicable and additional information.  Currently available vendor information may be found at the following sites:
                Aventail Corporation
                                                              C2Net Software, Inc.                                                             Consensus Development Corporation
                                                            Lotus Development Corporation
                                                            IBM Corporation
                                                            Microsoft Corporation
                                                            Netscape Communications Corporation
                                             overy/index.html
                Open Market, Inc.                                                             RSA Data Security, Inc.
                                            Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-06-29 11:20:37
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: saving the world from a cancerous monopoly 
Attlia - you'd probably enjoy reading
a recent book by some MS ex-insiders on how MS became what it is.
Windows 3.0, for instance, wasn't supposed to muscle out OS/2,
but the developers of Word/Excel/Powerpoint (which they originally
wrote for the Macintosh) got better development/porting support from the small group of developers on the low-status backwater
leftover Windoze team than from the high-profile IBM OS/2 partnership,
and Win3.0 was ready to ship when they were, unlike the upcoming
insanely great next version of OS/2.  When it sold a million copies
in a few months, Gates had to deal with it, and suddenly Windows
became a strategic product again, and gradually OS/2 became the leftover.
Gates has only gouged consumers by selling us crap which we buy,
either because we need compatibility with other users of their products,
or because we work for big companies who have centralized decision-
making droids who buy it.  Better than Gates tells my corporate droids what to buy than Janet Reno,
Louis Freeh, or FCCmeister Kennard.  Not only do they have even less taste,
but they'd solve the problem by taking a long time to do the spec,
which wouldn't have enough details to interoperate with anything except the
National Information Infrastructure Data Entry Escrow Protocol.
Personally, I disliked WordPerfect immensely
(though I last used it back when it and MSWord were character-based),
and Word has acquired enough features to be about as flaky and unpredictable as WP was back then.  Excel is friendly, and I don't use s
preadsheets enough to prefer something else.  Powerpoint reeks,
and the integration between Word and Powerpoint reeks badly.
Good for him - would you rather he spent the money acquiring other parts of the software industry or Seattle real estate?
He also spent a pile of money trying to outflank the Internet with MSN,
and lost badly.  Are you still running Microsoft BoB?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-01 12:51:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Killing the Unabomber 
No consistency involved - many of them would like to kill him.
But they've Got Their Man, and he's made it clear that a trial
will be difficult, long, expensive, involve lots of firing lawyers
and arguing about mental competency, and generally be trouble,
and he's offered to plead guilty if they won't kill him.
Even though he's a highly intelligent cold-blooded killer,
he's also close enough to crazy that the public will have
enough sympathy for him that killing him won't be highly popular,
especially because his brother wouldn't have turned him in
if he'd expected him to be killed.
Also, while his killings have been somewhat scary and weird,
they haven't generated the kind of public outrage that the
OKCity bombing did, with dead babies on the front page of the papers.
The defendents there are going to get killed, and the public
is going to enjoy it, and the Neilsen Ratings will be high.
I think you're right here.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-02 00:26:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Newbie pgp question 
Remember how PGP works:
PGP picks a random session key, and encrypts it with the public key
of the recipient (using RSA or a Diffie-Hellman version),
and encrypts the message with the session key.
The recipient's private key is encrypted with the passphrase
for the private key and stored in secring.pgp.
When the recipient wants to decrypt the message, they type
their passphrase into PGP, which decrypts the private key
from the secring and uses it to decrypt the session key from the message,
and uses the session key to decrypt the message body.
The session key is long, and you won't crack it.
RSA depends on factoring big numbers, and if the user has a 512-bit
public key or a longer public key _you_ won't be able to crack it.
(The KGB might*, and a distributed internet crack might, but you won't.)
But the passphrase for decrypting the private key from the secring file
is picked by the user - some users use short stupid keys, and other users use long difficult keys, and short stupid keys can be cracked.
The user needs to protect their secring file, to prevent this attack,
but if you have their secring, you can try to crack it.
If this is your _own_ secring, and you can't remember your passphrase,
it's easier, because you probably know what words you use in passphrases,
so your dictionary can be short and the crack can be fast.
If you stole somebody else's secring, or somebody else store yours,
then you have to guess what kind of dictionary to use.
This only works for the recipient's secring - if you steal the sender's
secring, even if you crack their passphrase, it doesn't help,
because that's only used when somebody sends them messages,
or when they sign messages (and now you can forge them.)
*I assume you're not the KGB or Mafia, because then you would just
beat up the guy until he gives you the passphrase.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-02 17:28:15
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Radio Frequency Warfare Hearing 
John!  You can't do that!  That's putting bomb-making information
on the Internet!  It's safe to have it in government hearing documents,
where only technically incompetent Congresscritters will read it,
but by letting the public know, you're facilitating right-wing conspiracies and anarchists and terrorists and teenage kids
and all those other dangerous people getting access to weapons
of low-mass destruction!
On a slightly more serious note, I'm surprised from the
excerpts of the description that the $500 of parts would
generate enough joules of electrical energy induced into
sensitive parts of computer equipment in some reasonable range
to do a lot of damage.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-02 17:28:30
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: I was auto-outed by an IMG tag in HTML spam 
Nonsense.  E-Mail is an interface for mailing stuff to people,
and an email system that can't handle large documents is broken.
In particular, the MickeysoftMail view that the contents of a message
belong in attachments rather than message body is broken
(it's partly due to myopia, and partly because some of the popular
Windows GUI programming widgets can't handle more than 32KB.)
First of all, you don't need a web browser to read HTML.
Eudora doesn't use one - it displays it natively.
(If you attach an HTML attachment rather than putting HTML in the body,
then you need an HTML viewer (which may or may not be a web browser), but that's the same as needing a text viewer to view text attachments.)
Furthermore, HTML is written in ASCII, and designed to be human-readable,
and designed so the user can choose how to display it -
HTML viewers are supposed to display documents in the user's preferred
formats given the limitations of the display device.
If you like Netscape or IE 4.x browsers to view HTML, use them, but if you'd prefer Lynx for a lean, mean browser, or MSWord or another viewer like HoTMetaL, go ahead.
Some people like to send rich-text attachments.  HTML is a much better
standard for doing that than some MS proprietary format.
Most of the rich text mail I get at work is in proprietary MS formats,
(most of it that I get at home is SPAM :-), which means I need to use
a buggy bloated word processor to read it, except when Exchange
feels like using its Outlook Evil Twin to display the stuff,
but it's somewhat pleasant to have colors and fonts available.
40 bit?  Not good, but domestic versions are supposed to support 128;
maybe they don't in practice.  (NS 3.x was bloated enough that I haven't
upgraded to 4.x)   And getting people in the habit of using
crypto is a good thing.  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-02 23:57:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Is CDMF secure? 
CMDF is a version of DES watered down to 40-bit key strength.
I think IBM was to blame; it was designed for exportability.
It makes Louis Freeh feel secure, I guess, but it's not
useful for data that needs to be secure.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-04 01:48:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
cypherpunks-request at algebra.com
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-04 23:50:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Digital Bearer Settlement 
Nice article, and I'll have to see if I can get Ian
to talk about HINDE for this month's Bay Area Cypherpunks.
One thing I noticed while reading it, though, is that you still have
"and then you go to jail" at the end of some transaction failure branches,
though most of the failure branches end with "Nothing happens".
While you're not doing book entry at every step,
bearer instruments still depend on the maker honoring them,
whether it's exchanging the bank note for gold pieces
or trading the digicash bits for Federal Reserve Notes --
"then the banker goes to jail" can still happen,
and a digicash world may not have as many S&L Bailout
political favors as the Reagan Years provided.
Also, there are the transactions where you trade
digicash for goods&services, and there's still the problem
of making sure the goods&services got delivered,
making sure the payment got delivered, and dealing with
poor quality products.  For purely digital products,
like consulting hours, movies, and microcode, there are
protocols that can take care of the exchange,
but for goods&services involving real stuff,
like pizza delivery, there's still an element of
trust required.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-07 03:19:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: tripwires when you're not superuser. 
In the general case, you can't do it, though there may be
special environments which let you do this but still let you
do useful work.
If somebody else controls the RAM, file systems, and communications
on a computer, and you don't, you have no way to tell what they've done.
For instance, anybody who can read raw blocks off the disk can
read your files without triggering any mechanisms you control.
Anybody who can read incoming packets off the LAN and WAN
can read your email before putting it in your mailbox.
If you convince people to encrypt mail before sending it to you,
and you encrypt any data you store on the system's disk blocks, using programs that aren't running on that computer,
reading your stuff may not be very interesting to the sysadm.
But if you run the decryption program on the system,
and the sysadm can read your keystrokes (either from a keyboard
or tty driver or telnet daemon), you're still naked.
There's been some theoretical work done into computing entirely
with encrypted data, and for a few specific mathematical problems
it's probably possible to get useful work done by an untrusted processor,
but usually the computations required for blinding and unblinding
are more work that the untrusted processor did for you anyway.
Short of that, the closest you'll find are secure operating systems
rated at Orange Book B2 or above (B3 and A, if any), which don't
have one all-powerful superuser.  In those systems, if the person
who has access to the raw disk (either physically or by asking the OS)
doesn't cheat, you have some guarantees about security, and in particular
you have some guarantees that nobody _but_ the semi-super-users
can crack the system in ways that give them access to your bits.
Unless all writes to the disk drive are encrypted, anybody who's got
unsupervised physical access to the disk is a semi-super-user, because they can steal the disk and plug it into their own machine,
where they're as super a user as they want to be.
If you're concerned about the machine being physically compromised,
you could set up an application that's always sending keepalives
across the net to your off-site monitoring location, but that's
pretty annoying, leads to lots of false alarms, may still be crackable
(though cracking may interrupt the system briefly, which is the win),
and is overall not very practical.  But it might let you know
that the disk drive has been stolen.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-08 13:19:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Telco Trafic 
There are a wide variety of products to do that.
I mainly do ATM, for which there aren't many;  there are a few
for frame relay, and there are lots for private line at low-medium speeds,
e.g. 56kbps through T1 (1.544Mbps), though not too many above T1.
Cylink is a popular vendor.
Also, a number of routers either currently or soon will support crypto;
if you're already using one brand on both ends then you can set up
the crypto features, but if you're doing higher speeds you may have
performance limitations.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-11 22:58:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: March Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting Saturday March 14, 12-6pm 
The March Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting will be held
Saturday, March 14th, at Network Associates in Menlo Park.
Time - 12 noon hang out, 1-5 program, followed by dinner nearby, various evening parties
Directions to NAI:
Take 101 (from North or South)
Exit at "Marsh Road/Atherton"
Go West (young man) off exit (right exit lane coming south from SF).
Turning to the West (away from the Bay / freeway)
Get in Left lane immediately.
Turn Left at very first light (Scott Drive, not far from freeway exit)
 (landmark: Shell gas station is on your right as you turn left)
Go South on Scott ~2/3 mi (parallel to 101 freeway fence).
Pass one Stop sign (do not turn yet).
 (landmark: Sun Microsystems has an office on the right)
Scott curves to right, becomes Bohannon Drive.
Turn left into first driveway: "Menlo Oak" Business Park
Go straight through parking lot ~2-300 yds
Curve 270 degrees around Fountain (effective left turn)
 is on left as you curve around fountain.
Go down ~50 yds to main lobby entrance (south side of building).
Ask reception for Dave Del Torto (call 415.730.3583 cel if any problem).
Meeting room is behind reception area through first door on left.
Known or Suspected Parties:
Sandy's Masquerade in or near Oakland
PENSFA at Jim & Heather's in Campbell
"It's Green" filk-oriented potluck in San Jose (afternoon/evening)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-20 18:07:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: How government _can_ help stop spam - Re: Does Spamming Really Exist? 
Generally, it's neither one, but it is a rude imposition on
the reader's attention, and may also increase costs to the user
or the user's service provider.
So what's an anarchist like me doing saying that the government can help?
Well, they can help by getting out of the way.  Currently, there are laws against breaking into computer systems
and against denial of service attacks; they can be Federal felonies.
As a modest proposal, I would suggest that the government allow
anyone who's been sent unwanted bits by a spammer to send
any unwanted bits they feel like in return.
Maybe Spamford doesn't want chain letters about
or	"Free Live Chat With Real Spammers!"
but spammers really aren't in any position to complain.
There's also Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-21 00:05:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Complaints about spam are TRUE theft of services 
If you're a spammer, you're in no position to complain.
than actual spam.]
Complaints about spam are free speech, and by encouraging Internet providers
to increase the size of their networks, they're obviously commerce :-)
Anecdotes are just anecdotes; except during the occasional flame war about spam, I generally receive a lot more spam than complaints.  And at least the complaints have some creative thought behind them, unlike the spam...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-24 00:13:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Computer Expert Witness Needed *Immediately* 
At 07:09 PM 3/23/98 -0800, "Roger D. Slates II"  wrote,
on another list:
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-03-27 11:27:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: 10 Laws the Net Needs - Article/Survey 
Sigh.  Another control freak concerned about the anarchy of the Net
is doing a survey.  Voting is still open, and I'd encourage you to
go see the mix of opinions of the 8000 or so current voters
and add your own.
------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
10 Laws the Net Needs
CNet Features
               By Susan Stellin
               (3/23/98)
               When the U.S. Congress passed the
               Communications Decency Act in 1995, Net
               activists staged a collective revolt. Protestors set up
               anti-CDA Web pages, launched campaigns to stop Net
               censorship, and hit the streets to voice their
               opposition.
               When the Supreme Court struck down the CDA,
               many online activists breathed a sigh of relief.
               But as it turns out, that law was just a preview of
               things to come.
               This year, there are more than 50 bills before
               Congress that propose some kind of Internet
               regulation. And policymakers from China to the
               European Union have been equally busy.
               Like it or not, this genie's been let out of the
               bottle; Net laws are on the way. So as the saying
               goes, if you can't beat 'em, join 'em.
               We've taken the lead on this one and drafted ten
               of our own Internet laws: proposals dealing with
               real issues like the proliferation of spam, the
               invasion of online privacy, and yes, the too-easy
               access to pornography. Some of our ideas match
               bills Congress is already considering; others
               address problems that Washington hasn't thought
               of yet.
               Brazen? You bet. In fact, not everyone at CNET
               agrees with all of these proposals--and you may
               not either.
               So we've decided to put them up for a vote.
               We've paired each law with an electronic ballot
               box. So exercise your (virtual) right to vote, and let
               us know how on-track--or off-base--our ideas are.
               The polls are open...
               Susan Stellin is an executive editor at CNET. The
               ideas expressed in this article are her own and do not
               necessarily reflect the opinions of CNET: The Computer
               Network or its executives, board of directors, TV
               hosts, public relations department, yadda yadda yadda.
               Susan's mom, however, agrees with everything in here.
For the full article and voting see:
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-05-06 17:12:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting - May 9, 12-6pm 
The May Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting will be Saturday at
Temenos, 459 Fulton St. Suite 307, San Francisco.
Some planned agenda items include
- GSM crack hardware demo - Lucky Green
- GSM cryptanalysis details - Ian Goldberg
- Anon mailbox servers - Lucky Green
- OpenPGP status
- hacks in progress
The meeting will be at the usual time - mill around at 12,
organized part starts at 1, dinner nearby later.
459 Fulton is a few blocks west of Van Ness, probably closest to the Civic Center BART stop.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-05-11 11:55:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Chaffing & winnowing without overhead 
So why not _send_ the plaintext in the clear?
Send the 0 bit, and the bit from the MAC0, and the 1 and the MAC1 bit
Yes, it's expanding the data 4:1, but that's much better than before.
I strongly agree.  I had proposed using a short checksum,
e.g. 8 bits of the MAC, which does leave collisions every ~256 sets,
but this is almost as short a checksum as you can get,
and eliminates the collision except every ~2**64 pairs.
If you do include the data bits, you maintain (very marginally)
the letter of the requirement here.  What you do lose
with this method is the ability to mix traffic from different people;
1 bit of MAC just isn't enough to pick out your own bits.
Any short MAC limits the amount of mixing you can do;
an 8-bit MAC lets you mix a bit without too many collisions,
and a 64-bit MAC should be enough for any mixture you'd
ever bother with (probably 16 or 32 would as well,
though especially for 16 you'd still need a longitudinal
checksum or some method of handling rare collisions.)
Is it close enough for government work?  Probably.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-05-12 19:08:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Chaffing & winnowing without overhead 
By the way, instead of transmitting the first bit for which
MAC(sequence,0) differs from MAC(sequence,1), as Jess suggests,
you can get the same effect by transmitting a 0 or 1 depending on
    MAC(sequence,0) < MAC(sequence,1)
(This assumes a big-endian system and unsigned comparisons;
little-endians will have to calculate it the hard way.)  If you're willing to be wrong 1 time out of 2**33, you can just use the top 32 bits.
Earlier in this discussion:
But that _does send the 2^n plaintexts, which are 0 and 1, and n=1.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-05-14 10:08:21
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Chaffing and winnowing 
[Is this still appropriate for coderpunks?]
But it _doesn't_ obliterate the plaintext channel;
it just obfuscates it a lot.
Depending on how sequence numbers are managed, it doesn't need to double it - if you try the MAC for 0, it either
succeeds or fails, and in either case you don't need to check the MAC for 1.  If you're using a shorter MAC which
might have collisions (e.g. 8 bits of a real MAC), you need to
check both, since both 0 and 1 could pass, trashing the bit,
and if you're using the "First different bit in MAC(0) and MAC(1)"
technique you obviously need to calculate both.
It's easy to demonstrate that the wheat channel is using real MACs -
if you're hauled into court for some violation or lawsuit,
you can probably be ordered to deliver the key (if you kept it),
since it's "not" being used to keep the message secret,
"only" to authenticate it.  For the chaffing techniques that can use random chaff, though, you really can't prove that the "random" numbers are random as opposed to stegotext without giving up the stegotext
unless they're generated by a pseudo-random algorithm
which uses a key you can reproduce (as opposed to a session key from /dev/random.)
Will the real use of chaffing/winnowing be to send
uninteresting cover traffic and carry stegotext as chaff?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-05-14 21:57:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Non-anonymous remailers 
Feh - anybody who wants non-anonymous remailers should include his name :-)
On the other hand, perhaps the allegedly anonymous author didn't
believe the purported name of the alleged proposer, or chose to
phrase the proposal in the exculpatory passive voice.
Good point.  Overkill, and inadequate.  Let's start with overkill:
- If you require all outgoing email to be encrypted,
  you don't have constructive knowledge that your system
  is being abused.  Legally, that should be significant protection;
  rules about not being liable for things you don't know you did
  are much harder to change than rules about things you know.
- Posting a big sign requiring conformance with policies,
  backed up by occasional action against violators,
  helps establish your presumption of good character.
- Requiring all outgoing mail to be encrypted makes spamming
  much more difficult (today), though in the Great Cryptographic Future,
  when everybody has at least one easily-located public key,
  that's less effective - but even then it significantly increases
  the workload for the spammer (though Moore's Law makes that less
  relevant, and good Crypto APIs make development of spamware easy.)
  It doesn't stop harassers, but it does reduce spam.
- A few Supreme Court cases, such as Talley and McIntyre,
  protect the right to anonymous speech, including commercial,
  so the proposed law has a high bogosity index.
For inadequacy, there are a variety of problems:
- Zero-knowledge proofs can at most verify that there's an identifier
  in some defined format or from some accessible list of keys.
  They can't verify that the message really came from
  the homeless person who allegedly sent the mail, nor that the
  address, phone number, or email named can locate a real body.
  They also tend to need special forms for the data, which may not
  work for CA-format key signatures.
- ZKPs aren't very useful for identifying the insides of   multiply-encrypted data - so they only give you one hop at a time,
  and only for cooperative remailers in cooperative jurisdictions.
- Protocols that provide information about the insides of
  an encrypted message are notoriously hard to make both
  secure and useful.
Distinctly true, though the easiest way to achieve that is to
separate the two problems, providing solid privacy protection
outside and letting the users sign the inside message if they want.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-05-17 01:06:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gunpowder taggant solution 
Is "gnu powder" available from the Free Explosives Foundation?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-05-19 08:05:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: linux-ipsec: ANNOUNCE:  FreeS/WAN IPSEC & IKE version 0.8 released & useful! 
Forwarded from linux-ipsec at clinet.fi - posted by Hugh Daniel   I would like to announce for the FreeS/WAN software team that they
now have a freeswan-0.8 release available for download from the
FreeS/WAN home page at:
  The 0.8 (and target 1.0 in June) runs only in a VPN (tunnel) mode,
protecting and encrypting net traffic for a subnet behind the SG.
This setup is called a SG for Security Gateway.  We plan on
implementing the rest of the IPSEC and IKE draft standards in our 2.0
release later this summer for the 2.1.xxx and 2.2.xx series Linux
  There is some useful documentation for the current FreeS/WAN done by
Kai Martius at:
      The 0.8 release has been tested extensively in the hand keyed
ESP-3DES-HMAC-MD5-96 tunnel mode and is quite robust.  On a 150Mhz 586
Clone PC TCP throughput is over 320 Kbytes/second sustained as
measured by netperf.
  The IKE daemon pluto has been tested only a very little and
sometimes works and sometimes does not.  It will work for the simple
VPN case before 1.0.
  Feedback, new features, documentation, scripts and bug fixes &
reports are especially useful in the next few weeks before we start in
on the 0.9x series of release working up to a stable 1.0 release in
June.  Don't wait for the last minute to submit that neat feature or
bug fix, as we might not have time to include it!
  If you have questions about the project please see our home page
where you will find a mail list, list archives, FTP directory's etc.
  Thanks to everyone who made this release possible, but mostly the
people who coded it up!
  Please post all bugs, fixes, code etc. to the public email list at
ugh Daniel

@_date: 1998-11-02 06:57:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Kong Re: Using a password as a private key. 
No, you can't.  I've got some sample Kong documents below.
(Be sure to get the US version of Kong from rather than the somewhat older version from replay (which you get
if you tell James's page you're not a US/Canadian citizen.
Some UnAmerican should hack their way through James's protection
and update replay's version.))
If you check the signature on a document identical to one
you've already got stored, it'll tell you about it, and list
all the usernames that have signed that document.
When you try to store a second key with the same name as an existing key,
it'll tell you that they're different, and let you add a note to the new one.
(Unfortunately, it doesn't also let you add a note to the first one;
a nice feature change would be to always ask for notation when
receiving a new key.)  (It's a bit hard to test on one machine, since you tend to step
over yourself in the process, but it should work fine in a clean environment,
and Kong is very tolerant of having its Kong.mdb file blown away
and doesn't even mind some editing using MS Access, though YMMV.)
Signed by one key calling itself t3 - note the +Q in the first line
    --
It's a fnord!  Run for your life!
    --digsig
         t3
     +Q+XF9EiiOOGFa6rYr5QtU2My14/KyO01DHLikYDVv
     Fy1GfdEmmV07XfX9R3HEOc/BA+ajNa8/MRqDBhE1
     4eLHEngilBC2g81hloGGQFmOYd35vQEHKGtBcb4F9
Signed by a different key calling itself t3 - note the H9 in the first line
    --
It's a different fnord!
    --digsig
         t3
     H9/V3rBrv7Ha3g0Z1/ywvbHimgezshgcTzSYJxbS4z
     nCRf3S7brCpkLPzUD+dSFcErPNB+SdrF0q46TZnH
     4YHfVOu6q+51iKrRc3ru63qk1wWCR2uR3wCALQRjs
Same document as before, signed by the H9 t3
    --
It's a fnord!  Run for your life!
    --digsig
         t3
     H9/V3rBrv7Ha3g0Z1/ywvbHimgezshgcTzSYJxbS4z
     z662iY5op2nMkXrI7nP4A5ehgvaoB5+q5daHbHgl
     4NmZf3tZdVcZObpUmovyAeDBMZr1W9t5lDICMJc8b
Kong lets you sign a document in different modes -
in one mode, the document can't be modified after signing,
and in other modes you can change whitespace or linebreaks,
making it more tolerant of different email environments.
    --
This message didn't have any line breaks, and it's in Text mode.
    --digsig
         t3
     H9/V3rBrv7Ha3g0Z1/ywvbHimgezshgcTzSYJxbS4z
     aAGTQyJ92R6XeoH7ZTepQ0f79xKddgm+bsIfLckn
     4+WLznhaXWAf7fX0yay4Ajq6Bg+AGQo0T8r8aWbJ2
    --
This message didn't have any line breaks,  and it's in Strict mode, so this should fail.
    --digsig
         t3
     H9/V3rBrv7Ha3g0Z1/ywvbHimgezshgcTzSYJxbS4z
     /6YbckVZQdSNbu4DSbrIjXRmu2wU8IiiXP3LnyUn
     2I/gQ5Uq5+42xQYfLxCbDM+YwowNgkBFXlfPvfIYK
By the way, you don't want to hit the "view" button
after checking this one - you'll get Run-Time Error 3021 - No current Record
and then Kong dies.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-02 06:57:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: TEMPEST laptops 
Yup.   Most of it's SECRET COMSEC or CONFIDENTIAL COMSEC.
The parts I'm aware of cover making equipment not radiate,
blocking radiation that does occur, and making sure signals
don't leak between the red and black sides.  There's presumably
much more secret documentation at NSA about how to spy on stuff,
and there's no way you'll get any of that.
That too.  TEMPEST, like other security problems,
depends a lot on your threat models - you need a lot quieter equipment
if there's an NSA Antenna Van parked in your driveway
than if you're out in an empty field with nobody around for miles.
What the equipment specs tell you is what the military thinks
is adequate protection for typical threat environments,
such as defense contractor office buildings or low-tech battlefields.
The last time I checked, which was 8-10 years ago,
there was a lot of TEMPEST-certified equipment on the market,
though many of the vendors would only sell to the government
and businesses working on TEMPEST-requiring government contracts.
The main things on the market back then were
- Room/building enclosure technology, so you could put lots of
regular computer equipment in a big shielded room.
This includes heavy-duty filtering of power supplies;
our equipment was quite happy with it's nice clean power feeds.
- Shielded minicomputers - basically stuck in rack-sized versions
of room enclosures, with fiber-optic comm lines or shielded cables.
- Quiet PCs, which generally had heavier metal cases, shielded cables,
rather heavy keyboards, and lots of shielding in the monitors.
They tended to cost about $5000 more than the equivalent non-TEMPEST PC.
I don't know how the market is today, but it's probably a LOT more work
to quiet and/or shield a 400MHz Pentium2 than a 4.77Mhz 8086 -
higher frequency signals have shorter wavelengths, so they can
leak through smaller holes, and the newer Pentiums probably put out a
lot more energy above 3GHz than 8086s did, which means that
centimeter-long cracks can leak signals.
At the time, the rule of thumb for room shielding was that you
wanted 100dB attenuation; the actual specs were
more complex than that, and presumably classified.
We did our routine measurements using a 450MHz transmitter, which would let us find any leaks that evolved from wear&tear
on our doors or wiring mistakes on our comm or power gear
(like forgetting to screw some lid on tight enough),
but the TEMPEST contractors did the official complex measurements.
This was a significant change from Vietnam-era shielding,
which was typically copper mesh that provided 60dB attenuation
Just using a regular laptop isn't enough; I've seen laptops
transmit recognizable images to a television (though I was probably
using AC power rather than batteries, and may or may not have had
the display mode set to LCD-and-monitor.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-03 16:15:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bic-Assassins Convicted (fwd) 
At 08:42 PM 11/2/98 -0600, Jim Choate wrote, though not in this order:
My reading is the same as yours -
the law was written carelessly, and wrong (unless JYA forgot the paragraph defining
"mass" as "intended to kill more than N people", but it doesn't look like it.)
That means that any chemical weapon, including your can of mace or pepper spray,
that might be construed as causing "serious bodily injury",
makes you a terrorist using weapons of mass destruction.
Might get worse - lead _is_ toxic, and causes injury by impact.
It's a bad law, and it's going to be abused, and this case is a great one for the Feds to use to set bad precedent with,
since the Republic of Texas are a bunch of incompetent wackos.
Not sure, but it means that the Feds aren't terrorists if _they_
threaten or conspire to use weapons of mass destruction,
but you would be if you did.  It also probably means that foreign governments aren't covered here, but foreign NGOs are,
e.g. the IRA.
The standard clause used to give the Feds jurisdiction over things;
given Roosevelt-era courts deciding that a farmer feeding his own grain
to his own hogs affects interstate commerce, surely email or the
World Wide Web counts as interstate, as does killing anybody
who might cross state lines or buy some product that does.
(Of course, given the number of politicians who are for sale,
removing a few of them from the market can pretty legitimately
be called affecting interstate commerce :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-04 07:58:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: VANGUARD:  An Election About Nothing? (fwd) 
One reason their rhetoric looks so weird is because it's avoiding
coming straight out and saying "Our plan for fixing society is to have the government fund teaching of Transcendental Meditation(r) to everybody,
and once everybody is doing TM, they'll all be healthier, better behaved,
and will do things in accordance with The Laws Of Nature As Taught By
the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, so the problems of the world will all fix themselves."
Meanwhile, of course, they describe their national health plans as using
"Proven Scientific Principles" (TM having been proven to fix everything)
and their education plans using similar obfuscatory rhetoric.
(On the other hand, I haven't heard them saying that the TM-Siddhi program
will let them replace the Air Force with levitation yet;
they tend to take the view that calmness and niceness will scientifically
reduce the need to shoot people, which I can't fault them for too much...)
It's basically a wimpier version of traditional Western moral reformers pushing the view that if government gets rid of Sin, society will work better,
but getting rid of ignorance is usually a "kinder, gentler" process,
not that you want to tell the ignorant what you're doing,
because they may think that offering fruit and flowers to a guru's picture
and chanting the name of a fire-god while breathing quietly
is not only a strange way to fix ignorance but is an inappropriate thing for governments to spend their money on, especially in the name of Science.
Most of the Natural Law Party candidates I've talked to, except when
they're on direct meditation-revenue-enhancement topics, tend to be
reasonable folks, somewhere in the liberal-to-libertarian range,
thinking the government should mostly let people do what they want,
which will naturally lead to calmness and niceness as they follow natural law, and a lot of the TM folks, especially around
Maharishi University in Iowa, have gone into business for themselves,
so they prefer lower government interference and red tape.
On the other hand, like any small party trying to get enough candidates
to run full slates for office, some of their folks really are flakes :-)
I like to believe that Libertarians do better on that score,
but we've got our share as well, and the only real way out of it
is to grow large enough that the supply of people willing to run
includes enough competent people.
On the other hand, it's still tempting to see about putting Frank Zappa
on the ballot.  He is a bit metabolically challenged these days,
but it wouldn't bother him much, and he's still be a better candidate
than most live Democrats or Republicans.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-06 04:00:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: new 448 bit key by Indian firm 
448 bits sounds a lot like MD5-based encryption - perhaps Luby-Rackoff or MDC?
Or a homegrown system, doing successive MD5s or something?
MD5 is no longer the safest hash these days....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-06 04:02:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NYC Smartcards Die 
I don't know about Swindon's Mondex trial,
but Mondex in San Francisco was dumbly too annoying to use.
Wells Fargo was promoting it, Starbucks accepted it,
and both were around the corner from my office.
The _catch_ was that you couldn't just walk into a bank,
plunk down some dead presidents, and get a Mondex card.
Instead, you could walk into the bank, get a brochure,
use a phone there to call an 800 number, and they'll
mail it to you or something awkward like that.
It may be a mostly-bearer system instead of book entry,
but they're handling it like book-entry.  Lose, lose.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-06 18:13:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: US Cyberthreat Policy 
Yee-hah!!!    Happy Guy Fawkes Day!!!
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-08 17:48:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IP: [FP] L.A. DMV Tries to Stem the Tide of Fake Licenses 
At 01:23 PM 11/4/98 -0800, Vladimir Z. Nuri forwarded
"ScanThisNews" 's forwarding to ignition-point by VIRGINIA ELLIS from last April - presumably the Digital Millenium Copyright Act means
that everybody here had better register or they're in Big Trouble :-)
Anyway, ....
The State has been forcing people to turn over private information,
such as SSNs and addresses, to an organization known to be riddled with
graft, information selling, and illegal issuing of licenses.
One of the big encouragements to this cottage industry has been
the anti-immigrant Pete Wilson administration's policy that
speaking Spanish causes bad driving so undocumented immigrants
can't be allowed to drive.  The article also points to other
groups of people denied permission to travel for non-safety-related reasons.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-10 08:18:47
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Semi-relevant spam - Re: legislation -- read 
It was SPAM, but it does have some relevance to the digital cash business,
so I'll comment on it.  The IP address really is tokensystems.com.
They're in the business of selling tokens and/or tickets which
customers can buy and use to pay for access to web sites,
and which web site owners can redeem for cash with tokensystems.
Tickets cost $1 (I think something they sell is 10 cents, though),
and tokensystems keeps 40% of the take, giving the web site 60%.
The target market is viewing artwork on the net, and they claim
to have sold over 4 million tokens, presumably mostly the porn market
(unlike Mark Twain, which probably never handled that much Digicash :-)
The attraction for customers is that unlike plunking down $X
on credit card for membership at a given web site that they might or
might not think was worthwhile, creates lots of credit card transaction records, and which would definitely sell their info to spammers, they make one transaction and buy tokens which can be used
at multiple sites, reducing the number of transactions.
Tokensystems doesn't list a privacy policy (except that they offer a ticket-buying page that doesn't have porn ads for sites that prefer it).
Don't know if this means they don't have a policy, or if their policy is to sell customer info to anyone they can.
If they do offer privacy, they might want to post a privacy policy page
(usng whatever ETrust / TrustE calls itself these days),
and it might be an interesting market for Chaumian blinded tokens,
since customers might like knowing their token uses aren't
traceable back to their purchase records.
They also don't say what they do for fraud prevention - looks like
it's probably online clearing, which reduces their risk,
and makes digicash relatively convenient to deploy.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-12 02:54:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Free Email as Anonymous Remailer Re: NPR is at it again... 
They're NOT SECURE!  But Web anonymizers can fix most of the holes.
In particular, Hotmail +  is a reasonable
substitute for the old penet.fi remailer.
There are scurrilous rumors that some people actually put bogus information on their free email accounts!  (My cat certainly didn't do that :-)
But the portal services can keep records of who's connecting to them,
at least by IP address, which can be traced back to ISPs,
and from there back to phone lines, etc., depending on the extent
of records the various ISPs keep.  It's not enough without anonymizers.
I suspect this is what will replace the current remailer system -
chaining through some set of Crowds, Onions, and commercial and free
anonymizers to reach a free email system to transmit and receive email.
An interesting project would be a free low-volume anonymizer cgi for Apache,
given the large number of current users and the much larger number
of people who will run web servers once they have cable modems.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-12 13:23:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: GOST still used? 
If you're asking "_Should_ I use GOST?", the answer is "No, not unless you really, really understand it,
and there's something it does much better for you than
more open cryptosystems, such as 3DES, RC4, or Blowfish."
GOST isn't just one cryptosystem; it's a family with different S-Boxes,
one or more sets for the Soviet military, one set commonly seen publicly,
some sets made by software writers, etc.
The strength depends critically on the values chosen for the S-Boxes,
and the Soviet military kept theirs secure.
Maybe the Russian Army or other ex-Soviet countries' armies use it,
and maybe the KGB understood it well enough for this to be ok,
if you think trusting the KGB or Soviet Military Intelligence
for advice on cryptosystems can make something ok...
But even if you understand the algorithm well enough to know how strong it is, and that's strong enough for you, why bother?
There are publicly analyzed algorithms that are strong enough
and well-analyzed, like 3DES, and algorithms that are fast and strong,
like Blowfish or correctly-used RC4.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-13 03:59:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: SATURDAY Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting - Stanford University 
The November Cypherpunks Meeting will be Saturday 11/14 from 1-5pm
at Stanford, at the tables outside Tresidder Union, near the bookstore.
The tables are on the west side, which is the inside of the U-shape.  Coffee and food are available in the building. If the weather is uncooperative, we will also be inside the building.
Lucky Green will be talking about his latest work.
Bagels and Bagel Parephrenalia will be provided.
Directions to Stanford Tresidder Hall
The upside-down map of Stanford&Vicinity is at
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-14 16:03:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: Turtles and Rocks(s) 
The Libertarian Party of California is on record as being in favor of
re-legalizing ferrets, which are not legal pets in California,
though officials apparently look the other way while pet stores
blatantly aid and abet illegal ferret-possession.
Their most recent press release on the subject was titled
(There is no formal record of the Republican response to
this obvious terrorist threat, or whether the Green Party's
position was more strongly influenced by animal rights activists
who support releasing ferrets or deep ecologists who don't
want the non-native wild animals more widely dispersed :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-14 16:39:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Free Email as Anonymous Remailer Re: NPR is at it again... 
Looks easy enough to do, if a bit ugly, where "ugly" is somewhat equivalent to
"build yet another local proxy widget to hide the gory details",
though it's not really much uglier than doing a good anonymizer,
and getting details like cookies and Java/script right are harder.
Define "encrypted" as "PGP or something like it".  It may be possible
to gain some efficiencies by using SSL, but not critical.
Take a cgi script and use POST to hand it an encrypted block containing:
The script fetches the URL, handing along any data,
packages the response in HTTP reply format, and encrypts it with the response key for the client proxy to unpack.
To chain these, have the client nest the requests, doing a
URL that points to another anonymizer script and POSTs an encrypted block.
Eventually you'll get to a non-anonymizing URL;
it may be interesting to include any expected cookies in the block,
so the client can hand them to the destination web server,
or to gain some efficiencies by having the cgi script fetch
any IMG requests, and sending a bundle of HTTP reply packets
instead of just a single one.
The problems - - How can easily can you break the system?  --- Does it leave too many open connections that can be followed?
--- Does the decreasing size of the requests and
--- What other obvious security holes are there?
- Timeouts or other problems?
- Denial of service attacks?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-15 04:01:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone (fwd) 
Government subcontracting can be yet another excuse for graft and kickbacks
or it can be an opportunity for the private sector to seriously compete for government business, or at least an opportunity to compete for graft :-)
Sometimes this can save money for the public, though seldom as much
as letting services be provided by the private sector.
What's that, white boy?
Always has been, anywhere, any time....
Of course they are, and everybody's pretty much known it all along,
but "defense" was the excuse used for having the Feds get into the
road-building business on a much more massive scale than ever before.
Much of it corresponded nicely with "urban renewal", the 60s policy
of making cities more beautiful by replacing black peoples' houses with
freeways.  Once (white) people got used to freeways, they mostly
stopped complaining about expenditures, and started complaining that
they didn't have _their_ freeway yet.
No, but the industrial base that keeps the military functioning
does benefit from the highway system.  Excuse me?  Are you talking about some recent attack on Mexico,
or are you referring to the Mexican War of 1846?
Or are you contending that the Confederate States weren't part of the
Contiguous United States, and therefore the Union's ReConquest of the South wasn't in CONUS?  Or that the Indian wars in the west
weren't wars, just Police Actions, or that the various ex-Mexican
territories weren't States yet, and thus not CONUS?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-16 15:44:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Privacy and the internet 
They don't call this The Net Of A Million Lies for nothing :-)
Depends substantially on what kind of information it is,
what jurisdictions you, the web site, and the poster are in,
and whether you're interested in seeking legal counsel
as well as just hacker advice.  IANAL, but there are a range
of torts from libel or slander to invasion of privacy to
emotional distress that sometimes apply, if you're into
that sort of approach; if the person the information is about
is a public figure, this seldom works, and if the information
is true, you've also got a much more limited case.
Alternatively, there's the Big Gun Flame War approach of making sure everyone knows what an unresponsive loser the web site providers are, though that does lose the opportunity to quietly get the information to go away, even if it hasn't already been
sucked down by Altavista, Yahoo, Hotbot, and DejaNews.
Most web sites are either on big commercial hosting sites with
relatively responsive abuse at wherever contacts, or else they're
smaller sites which get connectivity and/or hosting service
from larger providers.  So find out who their upstream providers are,
and talk with them about their customer.  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-16 15:44:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Question about anarchic systems and natural disasters 
I see three aspects in which government affects disaster aid in this case.
0) Some of the aid is being given to Central American governments for
1) Real charities have to ask people for money to do good things, 2) There is some synergy between the skills and equipment needed for
Meanwhile, in an anarchy, people would have more money, because they wouldn't be wasting as much of society's resources on unnecessary government functions (though they'd still buy the ones they wanted),
and governments wouldn't be interfering with their businesses.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-17 13:56:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Nonsense.  Governments are the ones who claim legitimacy for
their theft, violence, and extortion.  Free markets consider those things
to be bad, though in some free markets they're for sale anyway.
Nonsense again.  Social institutions aren't a market issue,
though some services provided by them can also be provided by markets,
i.e. hiring people to do things.  They're a social issue, and people will form social institutions to do things if they want.
Absence of coercion doesn't mean absence of cooperation.
Anarchists are perfectly good at having schools, churches,
volunteer fire companies, theater groups, and soup kitchens,
and they still raise their kids, live inside if they want,
do fun things together, and do necessary things together.
Just because you don't have a social institution that announces
that it has the job of killing anybody who competes with it or
fails to obey its proclamations of the will of the majority
doesn't mean you don't have social institutions.
You've sure got the cart before the horse here.
Most anarchists I know, whether leftists or libertarians,
care more about justice and equity than any government
I've encountered (maybe not more than the citizens
ruled by the government, but more than the government itself.)
We just don't think a State is a good or likely way to get them,
given too much experience to the contrary, even if some occasional
groups of people have some limited success running a limited government
for short periods of time.
You're building assumptions into your terminology here....
it's only international if you've got nations.
But assuming you mean interactions between groups of people
living in different places who act different, sure,
we recognize them, whether they're across an ocean,
or a Big River, or just across town.  Doesn't mean we can't
peacefully trade with each other, and doesn't mean that some of them
won't occasionally try to rip us off.  Huh?  I've been told time and time again "This is a democracy,
majority rules, it's America and you'll do it our way,
love it or leave it, conform or we'll beat you up."
Democracy means that other people can tell you what to do,
and if it works for them you'd better hope it works for you
because you're stuck with it.   There are other systems where
smaller groups of people can tell everybody else what to do,
which can be worse than democracy, like monarchies or slave states,
but somehow the purported "limited government" have been
much less limited in theory than in practice, and justice and equity are for those people who are more equal than others.
A bigger gun than Congress can fund with your money and mine?  Wow!
Wait, did the attributions get switched around here, and this line
wasn't by Jim Choate?  If not, what was your draft card number, Jim?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-17 14:00:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IP: Clinton Wants Loophole In U.S. Free Speech Closed (fwd) 
The 14th supersedes this somewhat; states can't violate federal-constitutional rights in ways that they could before it
when they had the 10th to permit them.
Some freedom of choice - if you don't like what the government forces on you, move.  "Democracy" means that if 50% of the people
vote for a system like that, you're stuck with it.
Now, it's certainly better than systems like serfdom or Sovietism,
where you weren't allowed to move either, and it's also better
to have non-homogeneity available nearby.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-17 14:00:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Question about anarchic systems and natural disasters (fwd) 
Wasn't explicit enough for you, even with comparisons in the sections?
Let's try again, then, deleting most of the how-it-works-today parts,
and flagging the new material with ++
0) 1) 2) 3) ++ Better economies in Central America
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-17 14:06:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SIGH... NOT!! THC tinted oranges 
Back in the 60s (well, 70s) we could get stoned smoking just about anything;
didn't matter if it was psychoactive or not, as long as you really _wanted_ to believe you'd get stoned  from it. :-)  I mean, if it worked
with banana peels, it'd work with just about anything...
On the other hand, an acquaintance of mine and some of his druggie friends
decided to try smoking caffeine pills to see what would happen.  Once. :-)
You do not want to try this.  He said it hits you with all the bad
caffeine side effects, all at once.
I have heard of people grafting hop vines onto cannabis roots,
which can ostensibly get THC into the hops while looking like an
innocent non-contraband plant.  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-21 07:54:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NSA Threatens To "OUT" Republicans Over Hubbell Investigation 
Encryption is NOT just "mathematics, period".  It's mathematics,
plus operations, password management, key distribution,
keeping track of who's allowed to see what, plus hardware and operating systems to run the mathematics on,
and unless you're running it in wetware, it's also
computer security to protect the hardware and operating systems.
And it's black operations to go out and steal the other guys'
hardware and keys and yellow-sticky-notes and crack their OSs.
In some contexts, especially real people's contexts,
your PC may be a fine place to run the encryption,
but in an NSA / DoD context, especially when there's a war on,
the safest way to manage many of these things is to use
dedicated tamper-resistant hardware with the users on one side
and the communication network on the other, where
you don't have to worry about the user virusing their PC
or using their girlfriend's name as the new password every other week,
because it's in a black box that just works (or just works
if you have the right key token and the right PIN.)
EMP hardening has the pleasant side effect that it generally
provides TEMPEST quieting/shielding as well.
Also, in military environments, using special hardware instead of
crypto software running on vanilla PCs is that rampant theft
_is_ a problem, but that supply sergeant who'd be happy to requisition that PC for use in more remunerative environments
isn't going to steal and sell the crypto bump-in-the-wire box;
it's bad enough to lose any classified or sensitive information
that was on the PC without also losing the encryption/signature keys.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-22 04:07:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: How to make non-neutral charge batteries... 
A Leyden Jar _IS_ a capacitor, which _IS_ a mechanism to hold charge.
Capacitors don't have to come from a factory in plastic or ceramic packaging;
they're simply two (or more) conductive surfaces separated by insulation;
that insulation can be air (or probably even vacuum), though there are
much better insulators around, which commercial capacitors normally use.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-22 04:08:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Digital cockroaches, 5 IP's per body by 2000 [CNN] 
A while back I stopped wearing a wristwatch because I was normally
carrying about 5 things that did or should know what time it was,
between pagers, cellphone, etc.  IP is less likely, but maybe it'll happen.
There's no reason to assume the IP devices are transmit-connected
to the outside world; if you've wearing or carrying multiple devices
that talk two each other, and CPU is nearly free, might as well
put a Layer 3 protocol on them as well as Layer 1 and Layer 2,
so your Gargoyle-Vision eyeglasses and left or right earpieces can operate
independently and wireless, regardless of whether you're carrying
the backpack microCray or just one or more of the beltpack or
pocketsized WhereAmIGPS receiver, VoicePDA, Sony WalkPerson, more flexible hearing aid, 1-way pager, or broadcast news receiver,
all of which can be smaller and more convenient because they
share the same output displays rather than each having their own,
as well as having the two-way IPcellphone, shoephone, email, and web,
and the one-or-two-way pickup of data feeds from museums, data-billboards, traffic reports, sidewalk-toll-collection, and air tax.
But even the two-way devices don't _have_ to support tracking you -
some of the Mobile IP protocols are better at that than others,
so the Feds may know that somebody with a DHCP address is tunneled
into the microcell on the streetcorner, but not who, or alternatively
they may be able to see the outside of the tunnel to trace you
but not see the insides.  After all, the military's happy to develop
location-hiding protocols, like onion routing, even if the FBI
and other parts of the military want traceability and eavesdropping.
If that's Eric Blossom's company, Altavista should know where to find it.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-23 12:47:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Wired: AOL selling E-Stamps 
Wired News Report                         12:20 p.m.  19.Nov.98.PST
                        Is it time for stamp collectors to go online?                         America Online (AOL) and E-Stamp, an online
                        postage firm, said on Thursday they will make
                        Internet postage service available to customers of
                        AOL, CompuServe, AOL.COM, and AOL's Digital
                        City.                         AOL and E-Stamp's service will allow customers to
                        securely purchase postage online and print
                        "digital stamps" on envelopes, labels, or
                        documents using their personal computer and a
                        standard printer. Customers must first install
                        E-Stamp software. They can then buy postage by
                        credit card, electronic fund transfer, or check. Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-23 14:26:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: PGP compromised? 
Pure disinformation.   It does have a few locally-customized twists to it.
As another poster said, you can get the source from check it out yourself, and compile it yourself.
There are some versions that have features allowing you to encrypt
data to multiple recipients, and some versions allow you to set this
with one or more recipients as the default (e.g. yourself,
or your corporate security officer.)  But you do not need to set this.
There are also some design bugs in the early DOS versions that make
them weaker than the later DOS versions or the newer versions,
so you don't want to use anything before 2.5 anyway.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-23 14:47:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [spam 03.92/10.00 -pobox] Re: Goldbach's Conjecture - a question about prime sums of odd numbers... 
well, you can express any odd number >= 7 as
the sum of 3 + an even number, so if Goldbach's conjecture is true,
then three primes are enough for the odd natural numbers
except 1, which is a special case, and 3 and 5 which are prime anyway.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-26 01:41:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Is Open Source safe? [Linux Weekly News] 
Well, try logging in as "ken", and I think the password was "nih" :-)
(At least when I was starting my Unix career, it was still common
to have logins "ken" and "dmr" around as a courtesy, though eventually
computer security changed that practice.)
Also, mixing up DEC and Unix has long tradition; back in 1979,
there was an article in one of the Oakland or SF papers about
"Hackers at Berkeley" cracking security on "the Unix, a computer made by DEC", which was really about abusing answerback on VT100s.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-28 10:18:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (RAM) under Windows") (fwd) 
Is this a religious argument?  I think he said it was copyrighted freeware,
so use it and leave the copyright notices in and you're ok.
Bad Assumption.  The memory requirements are whatever you want;
if you're storing a few private keys, or intermediate calculation results,
the requirements are very small; if you're storing 16MB databases,
they're much larger.  For today, 16MB seems large enough that
I'd think you'd use a crypto-disk or instead of nailing it into RAM,
but the boundaries between huge, routine, and small keep moving
in this business, so maybe you do now, and you will soon enough.
Does anybody know if Win95/98 keeps RAMdisks in RAM, or swaps them
out to real disk along with other least-recently-used data?
Since I've got 48MB RAM on my laptop, I keep a 2MB RAMdisk around
for PGP decrypts, and for temporary storage of things like
emailed ZIP files.  That's a good question.  My guess is that it's probably 0-2KB,
plus however big the drivers are, might be as big as 64KB,
but presumably isn't 1MB.  In other words, too small to worry about
on recent machines, where an extra 16MB RAM costs $10,
but if you're using that spare 4MB 386 as a remailer,
you've got to be more careful.
On the other hand, if the driver does anything for real-mode DOS processes
running on top of Windows, it wouldn't surprise me if you've
got to nail down 640KB while they're running?
But you knew that job was clunky when you took it.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-28 10:18:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Article V - an analysis (fwd) 
The most recent amendment (27th?) sat around for nearly 200 years
before 3/4 of the states ratified it,  (preventing Congress from raising their salaries during their current term.)  The power to specify a time limit doesn't need separate mention; the time limit is either part of the proposed amendment, or it isn't, and it's part of the negotiations for getting Congress to pass it.
The more dangerous problem is that people keep suggesting a Constitutional Convention, which has basically no limits on its scope
(especially given the one previous precedent, which substantially
increased Federal power beyond the limits of the Articles,
and didn't require unanimous consent to adopt its product,
though the Articles required it for changing them.)
Even if the states _say_ they're limiting their delegation to
specific tasks, that doesn't mean the ConCon won't exceed them,
and if it gets sufficient media/public support, it can get away with it.
Don't expect the 2nd, 9th, or 10th amendments to survive a ConCon at all,
or the 1st to have any meaning resembling its current limited one,
or the 4th or 5th to get by without "except for drugs or other
politically incorrect substances" attached to it, or the definitions of rights or powers to resemble what you want.
(There have been some Libertarian proposals to add
"and this time we mean it" to the end of the 9th and 10th,
or to add a period after the 1st's "Congress shall make no law",
but they're not in keeping with the spirit of the age :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-28 10:27:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: manners.... 
Yo, Bernie - until you started asking for pirated commercial software,
I was wondering whether you were trolling by asking newbie questions
or just a real newbie who hadn't looked at any of the literature yet.  Knapsacks are, after all, broken long ago, and anything written since about 1980 that talks about them will also say that.
I'd recommend getting Bruce Schneier's "Applied Cryptography"
and spending a while with it, then looking for academic stuff
beyond that if you want, and also reading the documentation for PGP
for practical stuff (in particular, Phil's comments on Snake Oil.)
There are also some FAQs out there, such as the sci.crypt FAQ.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-28 10:30:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: bogus Hungarian disinformation. 
I haven't _seen_ Lance Cottrell's NSA ID badge, but many of the hard-core cypherpunks have them - it's amazing how official things look when they're laminated in plastic!  Even the one with Hugh Daniel in a tie... Anonymizers don't do very well for extortion yet.
Sending the anonymous message is the easy part - paper mail is much
better at anonymity, since there's much more of it, and the default
collection methods in most countries are anonymous.
Then you've got to get the targets to READ email - some do, some don't.
Email to most politicians is like paper mail to most of them - gets sorted by the pound, and if there's money attached you'll
get a thank-you note.
It's collecting the ransom money that's hard - without Digicash,
there's no good anonymous payment mechanism.  I usually post anonymous postings from the Netherlands, myself.
It simplifies jurisdictional questions.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-28 10:37:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: European Commission proposal on legal framework for e-commerce 
Forwarded from cyberia-l -- The EU's latest attempts to
make electronic commerce convenient while ensuring tax collection
and preventing collapse of governments :-)
========= ====
]] THe text of the new draft is not on line yet, but will probably appear at
]]   in the next few days (there is
]] a what's new button on the left hand bar)
} Another URL to remember to get acces to european documents } concerning Internet law is :
}   and for "what's new :
} Brussels, 18 November 1998
Electronic commerce: Commission proposes legal framework
A proposal for a Directive to establish a coherent legal framework for the
development of electronic commerce within the Single Market has been put
forward by the European Commission. The proposed Directive would ensure
that information society services benefit from the Single Market principles
of free movement of services and freedom of establishment and could provide
their services throughout the European Union (EU) if they comply with the
law in their country of origin. Such services are defined as those provided
normally against remuneration, at a distance, by electronic means and in
response to the individual request of a customer. The proposed Directive
would establish specific harmonised rules only in those areas strictly
necessary to ensure that businesses and citizens could supply and receive
information society services throughout the EU, irrespective of frontiers.
These areas include definition of where operators are established,
electronic contracts, liability of intermediaries, dispute settlement and
role of national authorities. In other areas the Directive would build on
existing EU instruments which provide for harmonisation or on mutual
recognition of national laws. The Directive would apply only to service
providers established within the EU and not those established outside.
"The Single Market's legal framework, combined with the single currency,
provide the European Union with a unique opportunity to facilitate the
development of electronic commerce", commented Single Market Commissioner
Mario Monti. "Electronic commerce adds a new dimension to the Single Market
for consumers in terms of easier access to goods and services of better
quality and at lower prices. Electronic commerce will promote trade,
stimulate innovation and competitiveness and create sustainable jobs. This
proposal should ensure that the Union reaps the full benefits of electronic
commerce by boosting consumer confidence and giving operators legal
certainty, without excessive red tape."
The global electronic commerce market is growing extremely fast and could
be worth ECU 200 billion by the year 2000. Worldwide, 86 million people
were connected to the Internet by the end of 1996 and by 2000, this is
expected to reach 250 million individuals. Within the EU, it is estimated
that more than 400,000 jobs related to the information society were created
between 1995 and 1997 and that one in four news jobs is derived from these
The proposal for a Directive, which was foreseen in the Commission's April
1997 electronic commerce Communication (see IP/97/313), covers all
information society services, both business to business and business to
consumer services, including services provided free of charge to the
recipient e.g. funded by advertising or sponsorship revenue and services
allowing for on-line electronic transactions such as interactive
teleshopping of goods and services and on-line shopping malls. Examples of
sectors and activities covered include on-line newspapers, on-line
data-bases, on-line financial services, on-line professional services (such
as lawyers, doctors, accountants, estate agents), on-line entertainment
services such as video on demand, on-line direct marketing and advertising
and services providing access to the World Wide Web.
The proposal would define the place of establishment as the place where an
operator actually pursues an economic activity through a fixed
establishment, irrespective of where websites or servers are situated or
where the operator may have a mail box. This definition is in line with the
principles established by the EU Treaty (Article 52) and the case law of
the European Court of Justice. Such a definition would remove current legal
uncertainty and ensure that operators could not evade supervision, as they
would be subject to supervision in the Member State where they were
established. The proposal would prohibit Member States from imposing
special authorisation schemes for information society services which are
not applied to the same services provided by other means. It would also
require Member States to oblige information society service providers to
make available to customers and competent authorities in an easily
accessible and permanent form basic information concerning their activities
(name, address, e-mail address, trade register number, professional
authorisation and membership of professional bodies where applicable, VAT
On-line contracts
For electronic commerce to develop its full potential, it must be possible
for contracts to be concluded on-line unrestricted by inappropriate rules
(such as a requirement that contracts be drawn up on paper). The proposal
would therefore oblige Member States to adjust their national legislation
to remove any prohibitions or restrictions on the use of electronic media
for concluding contracts. In addition, the proposal would ensure legal
security by clarifying in certain cases the moment of conclusion of the
contract, whilst fully respecting contractual freedom. These provisions
would complement the proposal for a Directive on electronic signatures (see
Liability of intermediaries
To facilitate electronic commerce, it is necessary to clarify the
responsibility of on-line service providers for transmitting and storing
information from third party (i.e. when service providers act as
To eliminate existing legal uncertainties and to avoid divergent approaches
at Member State level, the proposal would establish an exemption from
liability for intermediaries where they play a passive role as a "mere
conduit" of information from third parties and limit service providers'
liability for other "intermediary" activities such as the storage of
information. The proposal strikes a careful balance between the different
interests involved in order to stimulate co-operation between different
parties and so reduce the risk of illegal activity on-line.
Commercial communications
Commercial communications such as advertising and direct marketing, which
are an essential part of most electronic commerce services, would be
subject to clearly defined rules under the proposed Directive. The proposal
defines what constitutes a commercial communication and makes it subject to
certain transparency requirements to ensure consumer confidence and fair
trading. In order to allow consumers to react more readily to harmful
intrusion, the proposal requires that commercial communications by e-mail
are clearly identifiable. In addition, for regulated professions (such as
lawyers or accountants), the proposal lays down the general principle that
the on-line provision of services is permitted and that national rules on
advertising shall not prevent professions from operating Web-sites.
However, these would have to respect certain rules of professional ethics
which should be reflected in codes of conduct to be drawn up by
professional associations.
Rather than inventing new rules, the proposal would seek to ensure that
existing EU and national legislation were effectively enforced. The
development of a genuine Single Market based on mutual confidence between
Member States - is stimulated by strengthening enforcement mechanisms. The
proposal would seek to do so by encouraging the development of codes of
conduct at EU level, by stimulating administrative co-operation between
Member States and by facilitating the setting up of effective, alternative
cross-border dispute settlement systems. The proposal would also require
Member States to provide for fast, efficient legal redress appropriate to
the on-line environment and to ensure that sanctions for violations of the
rules established under the Directive were effective, proportionate and
Mutual recognition/derogations
The proposed Directive would clarify that the Single Market principle of
mutual recognition of national laws and the principle of control in the
country of origin must be applied to information society services so that
such services provided from another Member State are not restricted for
reasons falling within the scope of the proposal which would not cover
taxation, personal data (the free movement of which is covered by Directive
95/46 see IP/98/925), the activities of notaries, representation and
defence of clients before a court, gambling activities. Furthermore, the
proposed Directive would not interfere with the application of the Brussels
Convention on jurisdiction, recognition and enforcement of judgements in
civil and commercial matters and the Rome Convention on the law applicable
to contractual obligations.
The proposed Directive would also allow Member States on a case by case
basis to impose restrictions on information society services supplied from
another Member State if necessary to protect the public interest on grounds
of protection of minors, the fight against hatred on grounds of race, sex,
religion or nationality, public health or security and consumer protection.
However, such restrictions would have to be proportionate to their stated
objective. Moreover, such restrictions could only be imposed (except in
cases of urgency) after:
*  the Member State where the service provider was established had been
asked to take adequate measures and failed to do so and
*  the intention to impose restrictions had been notified in advance to the
Commission and to the Member State where the service provider was
In cases of urgency, the reasons for the restrictions (and the urgency)
would have to be notified in the shortest possible time to the Commission
and to the Member State of the service provider. Where the Commission
considered proposed or actual restrictions were not justified, Member
States would be required to refrain from imposing them or urgently put an
end to them.
The proposal for a Directive on a legal framework for electronic commerce
will be forwarded to the European Parliament and the EU's Council of
Ministers for adoption under the co-decision procedure.

@_date: 1998-11-30 09:04:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Evil Bandwidth Plot Exposed 
A long time ago, in a network far far away, when there were wolves in Wales
and Netnews still mostly ran over UUCP instead of that newfangled Arpanet, and the Center of the Earth was either allegra or ihnp4, there were
some people who accused Bell Labs and probably in particular Mark Horton
of spreading Netnews as part of a plot by The Phone Company to increase
telephone usage, since more netnews volume meant more long-distance minutes.
(Everybody tried to avoid knowing what the phone bills for
allegra and ihnp4 _were_, because even internal funny-money creates
some responsibility if you know you're spending more than $1M/year of it :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-30 12:12:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
Yeah - it can be quite nice to do that, both for security and speed.
Hugh Daniel's done some work on making Unix run on systems with read-only root drives - there are some SCSI drives which support
read-only mode again, and there are PCMCIA flash cards which have
write-protect switches and look like disks to the OS, so you can set them up the way you want and then go to read-only.
Not as many choices if you're running Microsoftware instead
of an operating system, though PCs give you some way to fake things out.  You need to jumpstart the machine somehow, and unless you burn the OS into PROMs, the easiest way is disk drives.
On the other hand, if Win9X wants to swap something to disk,
and there's no disk there, it could get pretty grouchy.
A long time ago, when disks and memory were both more expensive,
one of the memory companies (Kingston?  EMC?) made some SCSI boxes
with lots of memory in them, so the operating system doesn't
need to know that it's silicon and not rotating metal.
They also had UPS battery backup in them.
FSCK sure goes faster when you don't need to wait for mechanicals.
Some PCMCIA memory cards today just look like more RAM;
others can look like disks.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-30 12:18:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
Sure; it's only trying to do a limited scope of security protection.
Trying to protect an entire Win95/98 system is a much bigger job
(about like trying to keep water in an upside-down sieve :-)
Even running entirely in RAM doesn't prevent applications from
stealing keystroke, or stealing each others' RAM, or
crashing the graphics subsystem, or hosing the network.
Windows NT, under some limited circumstances, has been rated C2 Orange Book,
but that only means you can't steal most things without creating
a log file entry.   Don't expect Win95/98 to be something it's not.
Computer architecture is _always_ a technical and economic tradeoff.
Why not just run everything out of Level 1 Cache or registers?
Disk drive makers keep making faster, cheaper, bigger drives,
DRAM makers keep making DRAM faster, cheaper, and bigger,
blazingly-fast SRAM makers keep making SRAM blazinglyer,
in-between technology makers keep making flash ram and bubble memory
in-betweener, bus makers make busses faster, etc.,
and the whole mess keeps evolving together.
Back in the mid-80s, Princeton University got some SDI money for the
Massive Memory Machine Project, researching what you could do if
you had enough memory for anything you wanted.  Even with the
CS approaches of the time, you'd do a lot of things differently.
Their non-massive toy machine was a 1.5MIPS VAX with 128MB RAM -
which took 10 extension racks to hold all the RAM.
These days 128MB is cheap, as are 500 MIPS P2s, but 50GB of RAM
is still bigger than most machines' busses will hold,
and even 2GB of DRAM is a lot bigger and more power-hungry than
most laptops can really support, much less 2GB of fast SRAM.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-30 13:06:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: FC: EU eavesdropping on Iridium satellite phone system 
Hugh Daniel and various other people have commented (or ranted :-)
about the difference in wiretap capabilities between satellite systems
that do space-to-space relay connections for user-to-user calls and
systems that always include a ground segment even if it's not needed,
and which move traffic mostly on the ground instead of in space.
The primary reasons for doing this have been to reduce interference
by government PTTs or other monopoly telecom providers who get
a cut of the financial action this way, but it also makes the
system accessible to every wiretap-happy police force whose
territory the terrestrial segment passed through,
and the US government has probably been one of many players
trying to maximize government access.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-11-30 13:48:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Frames security hole 
I checked it out, and it's way cool.  You open some frame-using target page,
such as  in Netscape or Internet Exploder,
and cliok on their hack, and a new frame appears on the target page,
replacing some frame that belonged there.  They say they can fake out
Netscape's "key" icon that claims that an https: page is secure,
though I didn't have any handy frame-based https pages to test with.
Technical Discussion: Some defenses ==> but the rel defense is getting your browser vendor to fix the browser.
Meanwhile, don't trust any web page with frames with any
information you care too much about.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-03 16:16:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Depends on how you write your restrictions - I've seen products that
range from "We the copyright holder refuse to let you export it and we'll
only sell it to Real Americans with Real US Pedigree Papers who agree
that the Real Yankee Government owns their rights to everything
and agree not to think about letting any Furriners see it" to
"By the way, the US government may not let you export it from the
territory they so unreasonably claim, so you might want to check
with a lawyer if that sort of thing bothers you."
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-06 02:36:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
He's just implying that *your* local church is Rastafarian....
Kingdom?  I thought we were an autonomous collective....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-06 02:36:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Apache is the  server if you count by "web sites on the Internet".
Lots of web sites aren't on the Internet, but inside corporate nets,
which are more likely to be running commercial software, whether
commercial or NT, while people with home machines obviously prefer free.
But what if you count by "pages served per day"?  High-volume servers
are likely to run on bigger machines than low-volume servers,
so they're more likely to be running commercial Unix,
though some may be running on multi-Pentium systems with NT.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-06 02:53:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: camels and bananas, for some reason. 
No, this isn't maths, this is camels, and they'll give you as much
resistance as they feel like, and *you* may be looking for the most
bananas moved across the desert, but the camel's perfectly happy to
sit here and eat all the bananas here, crossing 0 miles of desert,
or dump you 50 miles out in the desert and come back and eat the
But other than the PERL book, what's it got to do with cypherpunks?
Just that bananas are related to Bill Clinton?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-09 11:00:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
- Cypherpunks want to maximize distribution and use of good crypto.
Access to source for any product you use is necessary, primarily so you can tell if it has backdoors, weak crypto,
bad implementations, known bugs, previously unknown bugs,
and similar problems that are easiest to detect when
lots of people look at the source code.  Secondarily, unencumbered source code is easier to include
in products, whether they're public-domain, commercial,
freeware, Genuinely RMS-Approved Free Software (r,tm,patpend),
careware, Greedy Hoardware, or whatever, 	and the easier some code is to include in a product,
the more likely it is to get used.  In particular, if using
some code requires paying money to its authors, that makes it
hard to include in low-priced products and harder in free products.
If using the code requires changing the user's business model,
it's less likely to get used, though the Library versions of
the GNU license are much easier to use than the full GNU Public Virus,
and almost anything is easier to use than Patented Algorithms
Only Licensable From David Chaum.
These two issues fit together - secret algorithms
and secret code lead to junk like MS PPTP or GSM A5 which
totally collapse when examined by professionals, and even
with available source, there are bugs that can hide for a long time,
so the more people checking out a system, the better.
Some cypherpunks produce mostly free or Free software, some sell theirs
for money while hoarding what they can, some work for tax-subsidized
universities where publishing work is critical.
- Open Source proponents differ on the tactics they think are most effective
in making it possible for anyone to use source, from PD to GNUware.
[We at the People's Front For Open Source don't believe in religious wars,
unlike those HERETICS over at the Open Source People's Front, who believe
that the best way to get everybody to open their source is to give away
good source code only to virtuous people who agree to give away _their_
source code under the same conditions, instead of giving it away
untainted by even the recognition of the sin of code hoarding like we do.:-]
To the extent that openness-promoting tactics interfere with use of good code,
they act against cypherpunk goals, though the same can be said about
license-revenue-promoting tactics and other attempts to control users.
Most of us in both overlapping camps disapprove of software patents, and patents has done almost as much as the NSA to impede crypto deployment, but there are some cypherpunks who have them, and some who believe that patent and copyright _have_ had their intended benefit, which is to encourage authors and inventors by
making it easier for them to make money from their work.
I had one interesting discussion with RMS in which we ended up agreeing
that if software patents only lasted 5 years instead of 20,
they'd still be bad but we could more or less live with them,
because that would reduce the extent to which they interfered with
programmers using techniques, whether the programmer was using
a published patented technique or had reinvented it independently
and missed it when doing literature searches before publishing.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-09 13:07:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Throwing my two cans of petrol on the fire....
Libertarians range from fat-minarchists to minimal-minarchists
to propertarian anarchists to even some non-propertarian anarchists.
Some of them insist on ideologic purity before working together
with anyone else, others don't.  Personally, I'm in the camp that
says that once we've eliminated the first 90% of the government,
we can get to work on eliminating the next 90%, and then it'll be a good time to argue about ideological purity because we'll
all be enough safer and more prosperous that even if we don't
get all the disparate things we want, we'll be in the position
of dodging ranting ideologues instead of cops.
Petro, mixing up minarchists and libertarians, says
Eliminating governments is a lot harder than disavowing them.
Geiger, who's never tried large-scale anarchism, says
while meanwhile claiming that the
of the US would maximize personal freedom.
Choate, who's never tried large-scale free markets, says that
free markets don't work, and lead inevitably to monopoly,
and therefore we ought to use governments monopolies on force to prevent
markets from being free to prevent businessmen from forming monopolies,
as if governments could overcome temptations that businessmen can't.
Stewart, who's never tried large-scale pragmatism, though he's
watched other people try it, says that
the moral case for government is untenable, even if it's
going to take a long while before enough people stop believing
it and it goes away, and getting a Libertarian Party elected
may be a good thing to do in the meantime, just as the US Constitution and the Articles of Confederation were useful
though temporary stopgaps to keep the Brits out and slow down their Federalist replacements.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-09 16:31:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Web TV with 128b exported 
Who would you execute the search warrant _on_?  The web site and the
browser user?  (Then why not let Netscape and IE export 128-bit?)
Or some third party who has access to something in the middle
(and may not be picky about search warrants, and may not have as much
standing to resist a court order or subpoena) ?
Or is the WebTV 128-bit code crippleware, using some backdoor key
or other hole for police to break in?
Basically, it just sounds fishy.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-14 18:46:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FYI: More on WebTV security 
If it's not secure against insiders, then it's not only not secure against cops,
it's also not secure against crackers, unless Microsoft hsa let the
WebTV folks do a very good job of security.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-14 18:52:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 5.35: F.B.I. Set to Begin Using National DNA Database 
How long before somebody either subpoenas the database or
contests the use in a case in such a way as to drag the
entire contents through a court for a discovery process?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-15 16:03:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: Strom Thurmond Drafts Bill Prohibiting Telegraph Porn 
Strom Thurmond Drafts Bill Prohibiting Telegraph Porn
Strom Thurmond Drafts Bill Prohibiting Telegraph Porn
      WASHINGTON, DC--Contending that morse-coded descriptions of
improperly petticoated young ladies are undermining the morals of American
boys yet in short pants, U.S. Sen. Strom Thurmond (R-SC) proposed
legislation Monday banning telegraph porn.
      "My friends, this revolutionary new 'Tele-graph' technology, by which
messages are transmitted across vast distances via cable wire, is indeed a
wondrous device," Thurmond told fellow members of the Senate. "But certain
telegraphers--most corrupt and foul telegraphy men indeed--have debased Mr.
Morse's code by using its ingenious dots and dashes to transmit
porno-graphs describing flagrantly uncorseted womenfolk. I submit to you,
gentlemen, that laws be passed to prevent the tele-graph device from
becoming a machine of ill repute!"
      Thurmond's proposed legislation would establish stiff penalties for
the transmission of certain obscene words and phrases along Western Union's
telegram and telegraph wires, including "merry-widow," "bosom," and
"underthings," as well as prohibit the use of the word "legs" instead of
"limbs" when referring to the female anatomy. In certain contexts, the
words"disheveled" and "heaving" would also be regarded as violations of the
law, with perpetrators subject to fines of $50 or seven years hard labor on
the proposed trans-American steam railroad.
      "As our nation recovers from the depredations and ruin of the recent
War Of Northern Aggression, we must not permit the tele-graph to become the
Devil's instrument," said Thurmond, 95. "Mr. Morse's messaging device must
not be allowed to corrupt the hearts and minds of the Republic's youths!"

@_date: 1998-10-21 01:04:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: 2 questions: Prime Numbers and DES 
Go look around for the crypto archives.  Some good places have been
 (or replay.nl?), ftp.funet.fi, ftp.ox.ac.uk, ftp.dsi.unimi.it.
Look for the Cyphernomicon and the sci.crypt faqs.  Altavista is your friend.
If you want code for DOS, remember that you can compile and run
C programs on DOS, and a bare-bones DES program that uses stdin and stdout
should do just fine.
For prime numbers, read some books!  Bruce Schneier's book is a good
place to start.  Also, look around on The standard approach to generating large prime numbers is to generate
large random odd numbers of the length you want and see if they're prime.
Actually proving primality is hard, but there are tests for "probable primes"
that appear to be independent - so you take the candidate numbers and
run 20 iterations of a test to get probability 2**-20 or 2**-40 of error.
Depending on speed of things, it's usually more efficient to run a sieve
to eliminate multiples of small primes (certainly 2,3,5,7, possibly many more)
since those tests are often faster than the probable primality testing.
If you want to _understand_ this stuff, as opposed to merely using it,
you'll need some math, specifically number theory dealing with primes
and modular arithmetic.  But start with Schneier.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-27 07:25:19
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
The policeman's statement, if honest, implies that the system needs a real mugshot or more detailed set of pictures to work from, so they're going to start with feeding it the Usual Suspects,
for whom they can get good data for the system to search.
It probably also has capacity limitations, so they won't be searching
for everybody they have pictures of, just the most likely.
However, looking for more people doesn't take more cameras,
just more backend computers analyzing the video feeds,
so Moore's Law will increase analysis capacity rapidly,
though it will also make it cheap to put more cameras out there.
Software errors don't seem to be a major problem here - false negatives just mean they miss an opportunity to catch somebody, and
false positives mean the system says "Looks like Joe Suspect on Camera 3!" or
"Looks like Joe Suspect on Videotape 32674 at 23:10 entering the bank" - in either case, the police can then look at the picture and see if it is.
Of course, if you're Jack Suspect, misidentified as Joe Suspect,
the police _can_ break down your door at 6am, haul you in,
and later apologize by saying "Sorry, honest mistake, it was dark and
all you s look alike, but your Public Defender says it's
not you in the video so we'll let you go this time, even though you missed your parole office meeting because we had you in jail."
Ain't gonna happen - are you kidding?  If there is a ruling like that,
it'll be done in some way that restricts citizen rights rather than
expanding them, or expands police powers rather than restricting them.
It's already legal for cops to hang around street corners watching for suspicious activities or suspicious people, and all video recognition
technology does is increase their effectiveness and speed at doing things
they already are allowed to do.
Unfortunately, I'm being increasingly forced to take the David Brin position of
"Cameras are cheap, get used to it, just make sure we have more cameras
pointing at the cops than they have pointing at us, and make sure
the cameras the government has are citizen-accessible as well."
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-28 15:25:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FWD: Judge does right thing - Rio goes to market 
This is forwarded from the cyberia-l list; looks like the judge has done the right thing (or at least for this phase)
by allowing the Rio MP3 player to be shipped.  Yeah!
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-28 15:26:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: EU Privacy Directive 
The big problem in the US isn't the government's failure to
tell big companies what protection to provide for their transactions -
it's their insistence on adding more and more requirements that businesses, especially banks, and local governments,
collect and retain information that makes data correlation simpler,
and creation of database systems that collect more information.
The most common are the requirement for SSNs as a tax-collection ID
for banks and employers, and the use of the SSN for Medicare
making it simplest for medical insurance companies to use it as an ID.
Then of course there's the near-universal requirement for
collecting SSNs in return for drivers' licenses,
and "deadbeat dad databases" that require employers to register new employees
in government databases, even those of us who are neither dads nor deadbeats.
Once all your transactions have personal identifiers on them,
it's nearly trivial to track everything that you do.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-29 17:06:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Using a password as a private key. 
--
James Donald's "Crypto Kong" system  does this.
It uses Diffie-Hellman and ElGamal crypto over Elliptic Curves,
so it can get away with relatively short keys, 240-255 bits.
The secret key is hashed from your passphrase (and/or a keyfile*) Your public key is generated from the secret key and a generator.
Because the public keys can be short, there are some real conveniences.
You don't need to distribute big clunky keys in a keyserver;
255 bits is just 43 characters of base-64, so you can put it in your mail signatures and on your business cards.
Kong takes an interesting approach to key certification and signatures -
it doesn't use the "True Name" model with a Certificate Authority Trusted Third Party Subject To Many Government Regulations certifying that
the person who has this key has that True Name.
Instead, you sign messages, and it keeps a database of signed messages from people,
and you can compare a message you have with a message you've received previously to see if it's signed by the same key, and you can send encrypted messages to the person who sent you a previous message.  If you want to do the equivalent of signing a key,
you just sign a message including someone else's message, maybe adding commentary (which is hard to do in PGP.)  Here's an example:
    	--
         Bob
         Alice
and you can go compare Alice's signature with the one
she gave you at the Prop 215 Bake Sale.
On the other hand, "work on another computer" is a dangerous phrase.
If it's another of _your_ computers, fine, but otherwise
how do you trust that the copy of Kong or PGP or whatever
you're running is the real thing, or that it's not saving your passphrase
from the keyboard driver, or all the usual threats.
Those threats are somewhat true with your own computer,
but there you not only have some control over the machine,
you know that if Bad Guys have cracked it, your data is hosed anyway :-)
[ * The Kong keyfile of might-as-well-be-random bits which gives you entropy, and makes the system usable in environments where passphrases aren't convenient,
such as unattended batch mail decryption done in remailers.
You can either use just the passphrase, use just the keyfile, or use both.]
At 01:53 PM 10/27/98 -0800, RedRook  wrote, approximately,
    --digsig
         Bill Stewart      3k3eg3jOiy57hhibcg9SkKVwkCUw7ivtVjJBm2E0WIC
     1IidMTkWR0QwVsOPeyEgQ7wdKKVtka99jziuLfOs
     4VIpwv6kNvAPJdk49JEtprvCnxTBrNSyViHqgxqGc

@_date: 1998-10-31 12:39:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: don't use passwords as private keys (was Re: Using a password as a private key.) 
Forward secrecy for encryption keys is a really important technique;
as you say, nobody can go back later and force you to reveal the key.
Forward secrecy for signature keys is less useful (:-), since it means
that you can't later sign a document using an old key.  (Occasionally
this may be bad - e.g. court cases demonstrating you signed something -
but it also means nobody can forge an old signature of yours.)
In any Forward Secrecy environment, it tends to help to have multiple keys,
with a long-term key that's only used for signing short-term keys.
The classic example is Authenticated Diffie-Hellman key exchange,
with one-use session keyparts signed by your signature key
(ideally with the signatures passed inside the encrypted session
rather than beforehand in the clear.)  One difficulty is proving that you don't have a backup copy of the keyfile,
on tapes, or hidden, or printed on paper stuck in a desk drawer.
Proving that _you_ didn't make a copy is usually impossible,
and knowing whether somebody else has a copy of things is a problem
Ollie North has dealt with (:-) ; if you're running your own PC,
physically secure, then you're at least as secure as your network connections.
Another issue for Kong and other systems with keys made from a
passphrase and keyfile is whether to reuse either of them
in a forward secrecy environment.  It's sometimes convenient
to use the same passphrase and change keyfiles every cycle,
but that depends on your threat models.
If you're worried about RF noise, you have to assume the CPU or disk
is also radiating enough for the spooks.  On the other hand,
that video camera in the ceiling can watch your keystrokes,
but can't watch the CPU.  That's when the paranoids worry about
whether the KGB is sneaking in and copying their disk drive at night,
and they start getting encrypted file system software. :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-09 16:10:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Tax silliness (fwd) 
Of course, the guy who has the ball can argue, if he chooses to return it,
that it doesn't belong to him, and he's returning it to its owner,
the guy who made it worth $250K.  The IRS would have a hard time arguing
some legally-defined version of "finders keepers", since it was obvious
at any point whose ball it might be.
(Then there's the question of whether the ball really belongs to the
ballpark or one or the other team, and since most professional ballparks are
quasi-governmentally owned, the local government may want a large cut...)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-10 10:01:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: computer implant in 1997 
Nothing surprising about it - just implant your basic lost-pet ID chip,
and set up a detector to read it.  All commercially available except
perhaps the computer interface to the detector, which isn't
all that complex either.  The more interesting journalism question isn't the lack of archive-checking by the journalist or this year's
claimant to firstness, but what political spin the professor tried to push with his press release and interviews and whether it was accepted
blithely or skeptically.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-10 10:03:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Computer hard disc scanning by HM Customs & Excise 
Any tax-collector who's illiterate enough to ask "Do you have Internet
on your computer" is probably not going to know what's happening,
especially given the disparity of system boot behaviour.
Some things may get their attention, like the sound card yelling
or, more politely, or	"Virus detected.  Please remove the infected diskette
but your basic subtleties like a Linux boot screen and copying the diskette to backup and then wiping it are beyond the typical border guard's technical training, and don't smell interesting enough to get his dog's attention (unless there's a good high-pitched tone as well.)
I may post a more thoughtful article about the offensiveness of this
practice or the technical cluelessness, but for now I'll just
rant about the sheer folly of allowing anybody to touch your computer whose primary training is in Shouting and looking for people who
match profiles, like Irish accents or obvious wealth or obvious poverty.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-10 19:06:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Bay Area Cypherpunks, Sat. Sept. 12, 12-6, KPMG Mountain View 
The Septembre Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting will be Saturday from 12-6,
at KPMG, 500 E. Middlefield Rd., Mountain View, with the organized part
beginning at 1:00.
IPSEC - Hugh Daniel will talk about the latest IPSEC Free/SWAN work
Crypto 98 - Various people will talk about what they saw at the conference.
Dinner after the meeting will be at some restaurant on Castro St. Mtn.View.
Directions: KPMG is a relatively-unmarked building at the corner of
Middlefield Rd. and Ellis St. in Mountain View, surrounded by Netscape.
The lobby entrance is on the Ellis St. side.  The Ellis exit on 101 is between 85 and 237.
Probable speaker for October - Sue Bardakos from Entrust
Mailing list administrivia - this announcement has been sent to
If you want to get off one of the lists, send mail to
for the listserver that sent you the mail.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-10 19:07:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
Not per se, though there _is_ still one major restriction -
the Defense Department gets a crack at patent applications,
so if you try to patent a crypto algorithm or crypto phone,
they can seize and classify your patent application and
working materials, using the excuse of "national security".
There was a case in the late 70s where somebody tried to patent
a wimpy analog scrambler for CB radios, and got it seized,
and a number of patent applications that got delayed a long time.
The RSA and Diffie-Hellman algorithms were published first,
and then the patents applied for, which works in the US and Canada
but makes them unpatentable in much of the rest of the world.
Steve Bellovin also got lots of legal advice about what order
to submit his patent applications and academic papers to
avoid the risk of getting them stolen by the Feds.
Sure there are - my $150 cordless phone uses spread-spectrum,
partly for better sound quality, partly for better privacy,
and partly because it's simpler than picking individual channels.
I think it's probably the frequency-hopping form of spread-spectrum,
and the hopping speed is probably deliberately low because of
Federal pressure, but it's still reasonable voice privacy.
(And the digital phones that don't do spread-spectrum still advertise
using "digital" for privacy...)  My phone's a couple of years old;
you can probably get one for <$100 now.
Analog cell-phones aren't secure, but the digital cell-phones
on the market all provide cryptography for voice privacy,
though not all cellular service providers support it.
CDMA provides some inherent security, and it, TDMA, and GSM
all offer some encryption features - having prominent politicians
get caught talking to their girlfriends on their cellphones
has helped raise the awareness of privacy.
(The real price of a cell-phone in the US is hard to determine;
most range from about $100-700 without service activation,
and $0-400 with a service contract of typically 1 year.
But the low end's close to $99.)
The NSA and FBI did the best job of FUD they could arm-twisting the
US digital cellular standards committees into using wimpy encryption,
and GSM had its own set of wrangling that went on, producing a
primary algorithm that's weak, and a bunch of alternative algorithms
that are progressively weaker.  I probably couldn't break the GSM main code myself, but I know where to find people who can,
and just about any of the frequent readers of this list could break
some of the other systems used.
But that doesn't mean there isn't a strong demand for voice privacy -
just that the average consumer is satisfied having _some_ privacy,
enough to keep casual observers out and neighbors from stealing phone service,
and either doesn't believe the police would illegaly wiretap _him_,
or (more cynically) doesn't believe the cellphone is enough protection
if they do decide to target him.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-10 19:07:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
Put it like this, it took the Feds a long time to be willing to accept
RTTY (Radio Teletype), because it used this 7(?)-bit ASCII CODE stuff.
On the other hand, they've relaxed a lot, as amateurs have largely become
computer hackers as well, equipment changed, Morse became less relevant....
As long as the ham user community doesn't get annoyed at you,
and you don't abuse the available bandwidth, you ought to be able to stego
a certain amount of traffic through the net, either using some sort of
PointyHairedBoss code, or low-order bits in GIFs, or whatever.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-11 23:53:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: oil, greens, recycling, and poly-ticks. 
Over in Europe, prices are mostly about $1 -- per liter.
Back here in California, prices have been varying a lot, and
are generally higher in areas with lots of people, lots of money,
or lots of restrictions on gas stations.   Here in San Francisco,
it's about $1.30, and down in Silicon Valley it's mostly about
$1.20, with some cheaper stations and some more expensive.
We have different gas - for environmental reasons, they add
chemicals designed to pollute water and irritate people's lungs
(while reducing smog a bit.)
Those New Jersey prices, while lower than New York, are still
articifially high, since they're "full-service".  The People's Republic of New Jersey *knows* that regular untrained citizens
can't be trusted to pump their own gasoline reliably -
otherwise you'd be having frequent explosions at gasoline
stations like you do in the rest of the country.
Any time the legislature begins to suggest legalizing
self-service gas, small gas station owners pretending to be
little old ladies write to all the newspapers protesting that
they'd have to pay a lot more money to have gas pumped for them
and how dare these politicians be so mean to YOUR grandmothers,
and the threat disappears again for a few years.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-11 23:53:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Webs of Trust, Conspiracies, and Six Degrees of Cypherpunks 
We've got a somewhat related Cypherpunks problem,
which is PGP key signatures.  The traditional software
likes chains of less than 4 deep, yet the last time
I checked the key servers, there were chains as deep as 12-14, and most people seemed to be at least 6 signatures
away from Phil Zimmermann or Derek Atkins, who were the
centers of the list at the time.  (On the other hand, I suppose a lot of signatures between Joe Cypherpunk, Ivan Cypherpunk, T0T0M0nger, etc. could improve the averages :-)
The PGP Web of Trust key management tools have the
difficulty that they don't make it easy to decide which signatures on your key to export when giving someone
a key to sign or distributing a key to a key server.
You can manage this somewhat by creating different
name/key pairs for different uses, with your
key signed by venture capitalists and your
signed by your fellow activists, and trying to make
sure that people who attend meetings at the bank building
where you have your office digitally sign in with their
Respectable Software Developer or Free Speech Activist personnas,
and not with their
personnas that seem to overlap with the Respected Entrepreneur web....
I'm not sure how solvable a problem this is - there are some parts that are easier to solve, like
- storing secret keyrings entirely in encrypted form
and friendlier GUI tools (e.g. the current PGPkeys lets you
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-14 13:54:12
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: [NYT] FCC Extends CALEA Deadline 
WIRETAP DELAYED  [New York Times, C14.] In a setback for the F.B.I., the Federal Communications Commission has given the telecommunications industry an additional 20 months to comply with a Federal law meant to bring law-enforcement surveillance into the
digital age. But in extending the deadline the commission deferred action on some of the most disputed facets of the issue, which has pitted
law-enforcement officials against telephone-equipment manufacturers, network-service providers and privacy-rights advocates. The Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act was intended to address complaints by the F.B.I. and local law-enforcement agencies
that were rapidly losing their ability to conduct wiretaps and other forms of electronic surveillance in the face of modern digital and wireless communications networks. But industry groups had long warned that they would be unable to meet the approaching deadline for complying
with the law by installing the software and hardware that would allow for court-authorized surveillance on modern networks. The F.C.C. extended the deadline to June 30, 2000. "This ruling is really a prelude to the privacy fight," said James X. Dempsey, a telecommunications expert. "For now the commission has given itself and the industry some breathing room. They've said, 'Don't rush into these additional surveillance areas.'" The decision came in response to a request for a deadline extension that was filed in March in a joint petition by AT&T
Wireless Services, Lucent Technologies and Ericsson.

@_date: 1998-09-15 02:07:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: U.S. House only has a T-1 
Sigh.  These folks don't understand the web technology
(though I suppose sneakernetting CDs to Washington press corps
may actually be the fastest way for some things,
but the press corps and the press companies' webmasters
aren't the same folks.)
It'd be simpler for them to distribute the report,
and similar high-popularity information in the future,
using electronic distribution to the various press agencies
and other high-volume web sites, as long as they
coordinate it well.  It might also make sense for them to have a
"press-only" subnet for insiders and major caching proxy servers to get distributions from.
What?  And make it hard to change them later?  :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-15 02:13:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: WHITE HOUSE MULLS NEW INTERNET TAX PROPOSAL  from edupage 
Forwarded from Dave Farber's List
I think the something at the WH has pushed them off the edge. How much you want to bet that it gives a lot more information than just the item costs. It will be used to police obscenity laws and censorship laws before it is done.
Ira Magaziner, President Clinton's senior Internet advisor, has proposed a new plan for tracking and taxing goods sold over the Internet that would use electronic "resident cards" and private-sector escrow agents around the world. Consumers would obtain digital cash at banks that would allow merchants to identify which country the buyer is in, but would reveal no other personal information. Consumption taxes would then be calculated, collected, and placed with an escrow agent who would then funnel the money to the appropriate government. "Governments would get their money more quickly... they would get a higher compliance rate... and the system would be easier to police," says Mr. Magaziner. (Wall Street Journal 11 Sep 98)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-15 23:30:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Clinton--Why I am Chortling 
Obviously you Just Don't Get It.  :-)
The argument tends to be along the lines that if power weren't
so disparate, she wouldn't have to resort to sexual bribery to get what she wants, she could just take it, or trade for it as an equal.
Because, not being totally stupid about Clinton, she thought it might
be convenient to have some evidence around after the fact?
Whether that's for emotional blackmail, or basic blackmail, or life insurance, or for convincing Hillary that Bill was hers now, or convincing some future publisher that she hadn't made it all up, or just because it seemed like it might turn out to be useful in the future,
who knows.  Lots of possibilities.  Or maybe it was just a memento
of a lovely evening :-)  Or of a time when she had the President
wrapped around her little finger.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-16 06:46:27
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: [NYT] Bell-South charging access fees for phone-over-Internet 
INTERNET FEES CHARGED  [New York Times, C5.] Ever since
April, when the Federal Communications Commission reported
to Congress that telephone calls made from one phone to
another using the Internet could become subject to network
access fees, the industry has been waiting for a test case.
BellSouth has now provided the test. The company has written
to a half-dozen Internet service providers in its region saying
that in November, BellSouth will start levying access fees for
voice conversations the Internet companies transmit. The fees
are the same sort that local phone companies like BellSouth
charge to AT&T and MCI for connecting calls to the local
network. Internet traffic has never been subject to such fees. But
the Internet telephony companies are not ready to give in. In
some ways, BellSouth's move may be largely symbolic, since
most Internet voice traffic so far involves attempts to avoid the
high charges for international long-distance calls, in which local
access fees are a relatively minor part of the price. And yet,
BellSouth is trying to close what many in the telephone industry
have seen as a loophole in networking pricing regulations. Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-17 00:04:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: DARPA Hires NetAss/TIS TO Develop Secure DNS 
This is somewhat tacky.  SecureDNS exists, and TIS got export approval
a while back to publish a "bones" version, minus encryption routines.
John Gilmore and his lawyer decided that, since it only does authentication,
not message encryption, it should be ok to publish _with_ the crypto
algorithms, and it's been quietly sitting on his web pages.
Recently the Feds sent him a letter saying "Oh, no, we didn't mean
it was OK to publish/export this encryption-based authentication system
just because the law says you can, so stop it"....
Now they're paying for another version.  Are they going to try something
DSS-based instead of RSA, just so you don't need encryption-capable
crypto with it, or is this going to be another scam?
Or is it just different parts of the Feds not talking to each other?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-18 01:33:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: 128 bit or 40 bit? 
Odd.  On the other hand, if your Netscape browser does have a 40-bit limitation problem, you can fix it by going to Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-19 00:27:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Mailboxes and Pseudonyms 
Where do you live?  In the US, the Post Office has rules against
anybody running mailbox services without making sure that the
customers sign some forms - you not only have to acknowledge that
the Post Office doesn't forward first class mail addressed to
mailbox companies (semi-reasonable), but also (unreasonably)
demonstrate to the Post Office's satisfaction that you
really are the you living at some other location and you don't
mind having mail addressed to you sent to this mailbox.
Exactly what that means is up to the local Postmaster;
one town where I've rented a mailbox really doesn't care,
and another had a control freak Postmistress.
But if you live in California, it's worse.  There was a law passed
in about 1994 (AB185 or AB187?) that asserted that 1) Many businesses in California are run from mailboxes
2) Many businesses in California have committed fraud
3) Therefore, we'll force anybody who rents a mailbox,
The wording of the law was actually more blatantly annoying than that.
The exact amount of ID you have to produce is tied to the local
Post Office regulations, but also requires a picture ID.
The PO will accept major credit cards and SSN cards as ID,
and my mailbox vendor didn't really want either of those,
because she didn't want the liability of having private financial data
around in a file she has to keep readily accessible for inspection.
A year or two ago, California was also having problems with
women who were battered or otherwise trying to avoid violent
ex-husbands and ex-boyfriends being tracked to where they lived
through their mailbox addresses, and some legislator was pushing
a program that would get Certified Endangered Women a mailbox
using some kind of cutout program that would give them some privacy.
Would have made much more sense just to dump the recent law,
so everybody could have some privacy.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-21 03:38:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Dilbert on Wearable Computing 
Today's Dilbert is at   and if you access it after today, it'll be at
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-22 02:07:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Have a cigar 
That just means they'll do all those things quietly, without
trying to take credit for it in public :-)
Or alternatively, they'll try to do it as a "Let's get back to business!  See, the Imperial Office Of The Presidency is too important to damage it through impeachment just because
of a little lying about sex, which Clinton was doing before you elected him,
so now that you've all had your fun, there's Important Work To Do!"
which is a nice thing to do after summer vacation anyway,
while all the Congresscritters are away from DC running for re-election.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-23 01:23:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? 
The Supremes have, unfortunately, decided that police can hold you
for up to 48 hours without getting around to charging you,
and if there's a weekend around they can often stretch that.
Some cops find that an interesting answer to the question
"You've read me my Miranda rights and now you're insisting
that I tell you what you want before I can speak to my lawyer who's
in the next room?" "Yup, you can be as silent as you want in the
county jail, and [since we're charging you with a bogus municipal charge anyway],
we can charge you with a [bogus] misdemeanor instead.",
which had a certain craftiness I hadn't really expected out of them :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-23 01:31:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... 
Microsoft Mail and some of its broken successors keep your mail in
one big hulking file using "compressible encryption",
which may not be good enough to keep the NSA out,
but is good enough crypto to keep you from fixing it when
it gets corrupted.  It's really a shame how often MSMail files get corrupted,
and how quickly the things can grow to 100-200MB if people from
Marketing keep sending you mail with attached Powerpoint files.
Does anybody know a compressed disk driver that lets you start
at an arbitrary offset in a file so the headers look fine?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-23 01:33:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: This is a listed crime? 
Double negatives are your friend :-)
Yeah.  The times I've known the facts in cop-vs-citizen cases,
the cops have often been lying; I have to assume that they're often lying
in cases when I don't know the facts as well.  Of course, getting
somebody with that kind of attitude about cops onto a jury is somewhat unlikely, but occasionally you'll find neutrals.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-24 21:30:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: No Privacy for Privacy Hypocrites 
Sounds like a great idea, in the "Asking for truth from power" category.
I doubt you'll get a lot of responses, but good luck.
Of course, if the Member answers "No", then the obvious followon is
but that's really best left for the version of the survey for
appointed officials asking if they think appointed officials should be investigated.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-24 21:40:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: sex, lies, and videotape 
There's been some suggestion that the Filegate files
included a lot of Republicans in compromising positions,
which is keeping some of them better behaved than
they might otherwise be (even if they don't know if
the files include them, they may still be worried.)
It's not clear if this includes the picture
of Orrin Hatch that's rumoured to be floating around Salt Lake.
It's all a bunch of bogus pomp anyway :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-26 23:56:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [salman rushdie] 
If you mean "Why does Bill P rant like that", not my problem.
But if you mean "Is the Fatwa against Salman Rushdie over?",
the news has been that the Iranian government has decided
to drop their ~$2M reward for killing him.  That doesn't mean
all of the mullahs have stopped calling for Muslims to
kill him for blasphemy.  But at least the government has
decided good relationships with the Brits are more important
than keeping their more fanatical fanatics happy.
Rushdie was quoted in the press as being very relieved.
If there's cypherpunks relevance to this, it's that cryptographic
privacy and digital cash payments make it easier to publish
controversial material without the threat of violence against you.

@_date: 1998-09-27 15:25:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IP: Oh, I feel sooooo much better now..... 
Cool.  So they'll help me make sure my taxes aren't used irresponsibly, and make sure they aren't given to murderers or terrorists, or prosecutors and cops attacking people for drug use,
or bureaucrats interfering with legitimate businesses
or distributing stolen money?  Is this mission statement enforceable, or just hype?   :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-28 21:45:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Letter to Editor on Censorship 
Monday 9/28/1998's San Mateo County Times had a really strong,
if slightly naive, editorial in favor of the First Amendment
protections on speech and the press.  Among other things,
it was quite positive about the fact that the Starr Report
was able to be widely published in spite of content that
would have been censored in the past, and that it would be hard to
imagine how we'd explain to future generations 25 or 50 years from now
that we'd covered up this important part of the historical record
just because its content was vulgar.  Heh.  Their heart's in the right place...
Thank you for Monday's great editorial supporting freedom of speech.
Unfortunately, it's a right preserved only by hard work, and getting recognition for all forms of speech beyond just ink on paper is an ongoing struggle.  Publishing the Starr Report on the Internet would have been illegal if the EFF, ACLU, and publishers hadn't challenged the "Communications Decency Act", which the Supreme Court threw out 9-0, and unlike Nixon's tapes, a few "Expletive Deleted"s can't clean up the Starr Report.
As your editorial says "it would be hard to imagine", but censors are still at it - a Congressional committee just passed a reworded version, hoping they can get away with "protecting minors" as a loophole. Some people contend that the First Amendment doesn't protect rude language, only political speech.   But if you oppose campaign finance limits, they'll contend that elections are too important to allow unregulated political speech on TV or newspapers.  And Joe Camel?  He's illegal too.
Meanwhile, the range of opinions on TV and radio is quite narrow - big corporations and government public broadcasting buy up the few TV licenses, while the FCC bans low-power broadcasters who can provide a diversity of opinion, and most cities grant monopolies on cable TV networks.
And FBI director Louis Freeh, in his push for expanded wiretaps, has been using Anti-Communist Cold War restrictions on exporting encryption software to keep foreigners and Americans from using tools that allow them to talk privately without censorship.
Eternal vigilance is still the price of liberty.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-28 21:45:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Jury duty considered harmful, or at least rare 
An Anonymous College Student wants to be able to stay off jury duty,
and also complains that the system ties you up all day in court
even if you're not picked.  I've been called for jury duty in
three or four different counties, which had different approaches
to the jury selection and different levels of disrespect for the
time of potential jury pool members.  In Santa Clara County CA,
you're required to telephone into a badly organized recording
every day for a week to see if your number is up, and if
it does come up you need to go in, but otherwise not.
In Monmouth County NJ, you're called for a week, though they'll
let you go on Thursday afternoon if you haven't been picked
for a trial.  I played a lot of bridge that week....
In Middlesex County NJ, you and the lawyers all have to show up on Monday, and if they don't need you, you're done.
If you really want to both serve the public and get out of jury duty,
take a bunch of literature from the Fully Informed Jury Association
and start handing it out in the jury pool, explaining to people that
under the common law, juries have both the power and the moral obligation
to find people innocent if the law they're accused of is a bad law
or if the punishments are far out of proportion to the crime -
such as the fugitive slave laws of the 1800s or the alcohol and drug prohibitions of the 1900s, or hanging forgers in the 1800s or three strikes* for non-violent felons in the 1900s.  Yup.  Jury participation is critical for preserving a free society,
but you can't preserve freedom by forcing people to participate in things.
Unfortunately, to the extent that jury systems do allow people
who have better things to do with their time (like running businesses)
out of jury time, they tend to filter in favor of people who'll cooperate with what the government wants - like retired schoolteachers.
Also, jury selection processes tend to filter out people who
don't appear likely to do what the prosecution and/or defense tell them;
it's an interesting thing to watch.  And the prosecution and sometimes
the other jurors often get grouchy when some jurors aren't cooperative -
an engineering supervisor I once worked with was one of two jurors who
hung their jury be refusing to accept the contention that a Hispanic man
should be guilty of carrying drugs and drug paraphrenalia because the
airplane glue he'd bought at the hardware store was in a plastic bag
which he *obviously* intended to use for sniffing it with.  (And this was
in New Jersey, where's it's not even illegal to be Hispanic....)
Of course, they did get much less abuse than the friend of mine who
refused to convict someone for drug possession because the drug war is bogus...
he got yelled at a lot afterwards, but being a New Yorker he viewed that
as entertainment and returned fire in kind.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-28 22:14:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [salman rushdie] 
On 9/27/98, A Cypherpunk Who Wishes Not To Have His Name Used Here wrote to me:
True enough, though in Rushdie's case, the social environment
provided enough protection that the murder could be called for,
the reward could be offered, and several of Rushdie's associates
could be murdered without any resort to crypto.
At least if you want to publish something that you _know_ will
annoy people enough that they want to kill you, you can do it
more safely if you've got a range of options for anonymity.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-09-29 02:33:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Virus for UNIX 
Go see the paper by Tom Duff and Doug McIlroy.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-10-01 03:28:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: New California Spam Law is Bullshit 
Yeah - they aren't totally evil bills, in the sense that one shouldn't
ascribe to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity,
but they're both pretty bad, as well as vague and unclear.
On the other hand, if you're not willing to go to Sacramento to help
them make sausages, the way the anti-spammers are, it's harder to
justify bitching about the quality of sausage they're shoving down your throat.
More precisely, Bowen's bad bill requires you to establish either a
toll-free number or sender-operated email address, and include on your
unsolicited commercial fax or email the toll-free number or an address to which the recipient can write or email.  Less precisely, it doesn't
say that the number has to be toll-free IN CALIFORNIA, or that you have to
answer calls to the phone number.
Both bills have serious problems with banning anonymity, and with clearly identifying when they apply, given the combinations of recipient, sender, recipient's ISP, recipient's email mailbox, sender's ISP, telecom provider, and probably other physical and corporate entities that can either be
inside or outside California - or both - with or without knowledge of the
sender, and with asserting jurisdiction over non-California-based senders,
and asserting that jurisdiction based on factors the sender may not know.
And then there's the lovely definition of "published" in one of the bills -
it applies if you violate the ISP's published anti-spamming policy.
They're (correctly) not required to _have_ an anti-spamming policy,
but if they have one, you're required to obey it if it's published,
either by putting it on their web page (pointed to from their home page),
or "available by mail for free on request".  Of course, if they don't
*have* a policy, they're under no obligation to send you a timely
printed version by snail-mail, so even leaving out the undue burden
of determining who a recipient's email provider and ISP are,
and determining whether they have an anti-spamming policy,
and what if means, you can't safely send your fine commercial
solicitation to lucky recipients whose ISPs *don't* have an anti-spam policy on their web page, because it might only be on paper.
On the other hand, you can send your spam from a spamhaus,
and if I read the bill correctly, the spamhaus is safe,
and probably the sender is also, especially if they're both
outside of California.  So it's not much protection against spammers.
(The language about policies of the recipient's ISP is vaguer,
and has more risk of legal weakness because there's no
legal contract between the sender and the recipient's ISP.)
Then of course, who really _sent_ the mail?  An anonymous user
of a spamhaus?  (That bad, bad person!)  What if he paid digicash,
or walked in and paid cash for an account?  What if it's not "he",
but "it", a corporation that got set up for $50, used for spamming,
and then obeys the laws by never spamming any complainers again, though its owners can start a new corporation the next day and burn it too,
perhaps even starting it off by selling it the list of complainers...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-01 08:30:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Sunders point on copyright infringement & HTML 
(Tim and "Riad S. Wahby"  have been discussing
mail formats for PGP.)
Riad's latest message worked fine - it's the first time in a while I've seen
Mutt sending PGP-signed messages that were actually readable
with Eudora (in other words, they're Just Text,
not some kind of broken MIME attachment.)
Looks like you're using Mutt 1.2.5i.
What settings did you use for other parameters?
On my system, by the way, the previous message didn't launch MSWord;
it asked me what application to use to read the message
(and I told it Notepad, since I expected it to be text.)
Tim probably picked one the Evil Empire tool sometime in the past,
though perhaps it's a Mac-specific thing.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-01 12:01:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Two MS mail viruses - SnowWhite and ShockwaveFlash 
Well, we've got two gifts from Microsoft's email architecture
going around this week.  Not only is there the Snow White thing,
but there's a Shockwave Flash thing that's spreading around as well.
I don't know if it autoexecutes on Outlook, or if it's just an
IBM-Christmas-Tree attack that entices users to click on it,
but either way, don't be surprised if you get attachments
sent to real email programs, and don't be surprised if email
to/from big corporations using Exchange gets doggy for a while.
There's more information on the Shockwave thing at vil.nai.com
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-03 12:23:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Net News as Cover Traffic 
That sounds like a job for IPSEC.  All the packets are encrypted
at the IP level, though you can still tell the source and
destination of the outer packet, and you can tell the packet size,
so it's not a strict Pipenet substitute - if you see traffic from
A to B and same-sized traffic from B to C, you can guess that
B might have routed some packets from A to C.
But it still answers your basic request.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-04 02:11:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Buying Mein Kampf via the Net 
I don't know if Australia's joined Berne (I assume yes) or how they've
implemented it.  Copyright laws, like most laws, only apply in whatever
jurisdiction the government that writes them can get away with enforcing them.
(For most countries, that's their national boundaries, plus occasionally
expatriate citizens; for some, it's quite a bit less :-)
Traditional Chinese copyright law only applied to civilization,
i.e. Chinese-language books written by Chinese; stuff written by
barbarians wasn't provided, so lots of my Taiwanese fellow students in college
had much lower-cost versions of US-written textbooks, and that tradition
was adapted to software on CD-ROMs at least until recently.
In the US, that doesn't really affect copyright - the US Constitution
doesn't go into any depth on the details of copyright law,
so the US Congress was perfectly free to replace the previous details with
Berne convention details.  The one arguable exception is that the Const.
authorizes grants of patents and copyrights for limited periods of time,
and the current definitions of "limited" for copyright keep getting stretched;
I think it's now "75 years after you're dead, or pretty much forever
if you're a corporation".  The general comment I've heard from lawyers
is that copyright lengths will keep getting extended indefinitely to prevent
Mickey Mouse's image from going off copyright.
No, but Congress does a pretty good job of passing Unconstitutional laws
already :-(
The treaty trick that's been going on, at least in the ReaganBushClinton
is for the administration to haggle other countries into a treaty or lower-status-than-treaty agreement about something obnoxious, like drugs laws or crypto export restrictions, then bully Congress into implementing legislation for it "because we've already negotiated it with our major partners".
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-04 02:49:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ecash, cut & choose and private credentials (Re: Jim Bell) 
The issue isn't whether jail or just extra charges are the
appropriate remedy for double-spending - it's that the
offline methods generally rely on encoding a user's name
in the coins so you can tell who did the double spending,
which not only adds a lot of administrative overhead but
requires that you have a system of identification of your users.
Some online methods also do the "identify and punish" approach;
others do the far simpler "first one to grab the money wins" approach
to double-spending, which is better for anonymity,
though it imposes different risks on the users.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-04 14:55:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Buying Mein Kampf via the Net 
That's legitimate, though it often leads to gray-market rules
about smuggling stuff.
Many of the Chinese-printed textbooks I saw had covers
indicating that they were cookbooks, etc., to conceal that
they were pirate editions.
Tim, you're evil and twisted.  Not because you're suggesting ripping off MS,
but because you're proposing inflicting that unreliable bloatware on people
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-05 09:37:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Sunders point on copyright infringement & HTML 
You're incorrect.  The problem isn't GPG, it's the Mutt mailer.
Riad's using 1.2.5i, which almost did the right thing,
and he went to the trouble of hacking the program to fix it.
So now his messages are plaintext GPG or PGP in the message body,
which is what they should be.
I'm not sure if hacking was necessary - it looks like RGB on the linux-ipsec mailing list is getting the same effect,
(though perhaps he also hacked the source.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-05 19:23:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: User <philchristian@bushinternet.com> Trolling for Passwords 
Dear Bush / Telinco - your user, ,
sent the following email to the Cypherpunks mailing list.
We often get script kiddies trolling for passwords, contraband,
bomb-making materials, and the like.
It's a difficult decision whether to harass them in return,
or ask their internet providers to send them some Netiquette material.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any in the help files on your site -
it was mostly about how to get interactive TV schedules.
Phil - If you want passwords, ask your mother for one.
If you want Richard Stallman's ITS password, it's carriage return,
and by the time you get ITS up and running again, you'll have learned something.  Grammar's a good thing to learn also.
MAA20246 for cypherpunks-outgoing; Tue, 5 Dec 2000 12:57:30 -0800 (PST)
MAA20213 for cypherpunks at infonex.com; Tue, 5 Dec 2000 12:57:12 -0800 (PST)
sirius.infonex.com (8.8.8/8.8.8) with ESMTP id MAA20202 for
; Tue, 5 Dec 2000 12:57:05 -0800 (PST)
[212.1.128.182]) by cyberpass.net (8.8.8/8.7.3) with ESMTP id MAA03486 for
; Tue, 5 Dec 2000 12:59:31 -0800 (PST)
<89854119.976049819687.JavaMail.root at bushtv-java-1-internal.server.telinco.n

@_date: 2000-12-05 22:30:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Missed News: US Adopts Euro Cyber Crime Proposal ... 
Well, there's the guy who blew up the Wisconsin Army Research Center
math building in the 70s (at night, and they hadn't known there was
one person still in the building) who used ANFO.
I think Bernadine Doern was part of the Columbia bomb-makers,
though she may have been some other bunch of leftists.
For more recent events, even though there isn't much of a Left left,
you could either believe the FBI saying Judi Bari blew up
herself and her friend with a pipe bomb a few years back,
or believe everybody else who think the cops did it. (The friend was killed; Judy was injured, and she recently died of cancer.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-06 01:46:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks, December 9, Jupiter, 
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks July 2000 Physical Meeting Announcement
Meeting Announcements On The Web:
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday December 9, 2000
TIME:   1:00 - 6:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  Jupiter, 2181 Shattuck, Berkeley
Agenda - "Our agenda is a widely held secret"
The organized program begins about 1:00.  After the meeting, there is
usually dinner somewhere nearby.  Jupiter is a brewery, with pizza and sandwiches and their own beer and other brewers' beer.  This is an open meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited,
including some suspiciously foreign Canadians and Brits who are expected.
However, it's possible there will be Stupid Government Tricks
restricting people under 21, because of the presence of ethanol.
Some expected people and discussion topics:
Secure Mail Programs.  BayFF held a meeting Monday 12/4 -
if anybody attended, we'd really like to hear what you thought.
Many of the usual suspects, good and bad, were there.
Ian Goldberg - Ian is finishing his doctorate and fleeing North.
Phill Hallam-Baker - XKMS Key Management System - Verisign and WWW Consortium
Nick Szabo - Smart Contracts
Bill Stewart - NSA Crypto Museum - We will be in the heated outdoor beer garden, weather permitting,
or conspicuously inside.   Jupiter opens at high noon.
BART:  	Take BART to Berkeley station; Jupiter is across the street.
Driving:  	Take 80 to University Avenue, turn right on Shattuck, about 3
Map:		
Lat/Long: 	37.869765 N 122.268175 W
If you have questions, comment or agenda requests, or you need directions,
please contact the meeting organizers:
Bill Stewart,   bill.stewart at pobox.com 	Cell +1-415-307-7119
Dave Del Torto, Dave at DelTor.to 		Cell +1-415-730-3583

@_date: 2000-12-06 11:33:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Hello, You're Dead" 
Guess you don't get your One Phone Call To Your Lawyer any more...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-06 19:26:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: hi 
YOW!  Where can I find it?   (Or how do I keep the Shoggoth
from finding me?)(Oh.  Not mentioning its name.)(Oh..........)
]-9028iu3r	=EQ-WSD9A0fc8zuedxtg v-=]3wr	14508eux[;colf8itjmkqsvA]
zx=]F\QSF*$q(*iztfg v\3-=Wqa(zidxcz0po[ikf]3-wpe[o04pirdfx=[]
0-p3iwsdARECfo0jygvh5]-9r3ud -g]94yut793]1q	vt57575758yrtg043=qierg[vkrc

@_date: 2000-12-07 01:59:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: hi 
Some servers do go down on occasion.  SSZ had an ISDN widget burn out.
Toad.com has been deprecated for several years.  Also, it's not the most
reliable machine - crackers periodically attack it, and it occasionally
has hardware or load problems.
There are other machines - cypherpunks-request at cyberpass.net
is one of the most-used, and Jim's web pages on SSZ point to the current list of other ones.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-08 13:55:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Questions of size... 
It depends on how many hops away from Bob Hettinga you are :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-08 17:49:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fractal geodesic networks 
Well, buzzword bingo output anyway.
....more like a geodesic dome filled with boiled spaghetti...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-09 00:33:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Mask Laws: About 5yr. log retention 
One of the reasons for mask laws is *specifically* veiled terrorists -
wearing white spook outfits.  The KKK is fortunately past its heyday,
and the more common police problems when they hold marches are
keeping the crowds from beating them up and unmasking them.
Another reason for such laws may be bank robbers and highwaymen,
but it's mostly the Klan.
I did hear there was a case in Detroit or somewhere about mask laws
being applied to veiled women, but the loophole to go for is the
First Amendment protections on religious freedom.
France, on the other hand, has had public schools ban girls from
wearing head coverings, primarily because they emphasize the
cultural differences.
I read an article a while back about how the black dress outfit
was becoming very common among Egyptian businesswomen.
Not because they were traditionalists, but because the alternative,
at least in Cairo, was that they were expected to dress
fashionably and expensively, even though Egyption salaries
for women haven't caught up with salaries for men,
and the black dress is cheap, often more comfortable, and has enough traditional support that nobody can argue.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-12 09:47:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Info..help 
You're an engineering student, and since you're on USA.NET,
I'd assume you're in the US.  So go to your school's library,
and get a copy of books on cryptography - I'd recommend
Bruce Schneier's "Applied Cryptography".  It's got a bibliography
with over 1000 references, so you should be able to use your
library to look up more detail about anything that Schneier talks about.
You're talking about "The Algorithm" like there's only one.
There are lots.  Read Schneier, pick an algorithm,
and explain your selection to your professor.
Think about the security of the algorithm,
things you need to be careful of for using it securely,
the performance needs of the algorithm,
the capabilities of your DSP and programming environment
and the things you'll need to do to implement it.
How do you plan to exchange keys?  Are there algorithms
that are designed for that?  What weaknesses do they have?
How do you plan to test your system, to be sure the data
is really encrypted?
Also think about how you'll handle the voice itself.
What are your input formats?  What's your networking environment?
Do you need to do compression?  How much bandwidth will your network have?
How much computational ability does your DSP have?
Are there standard algorithm libraries available for your DSP,
or will you need to roll your own?  What constraints on voice quality do you have?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-12 18:11:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Buying Echelon - Echelon and Acension Island .AC domain names 
Suppose you want to buy up a world-wide spying organization....
There a few Echelon names for sale -
If Bill Scannell wants an Acension Island domain name
to go with his passport stamp, they're available at echelon.ac and echelon.sh (St. Helena) are available :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-12 21:50:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Privacy is another victim of the war on (some) drugs 
It's pleasant to see the court doing the right thing on occasion.
The majority of non-drug-related wiretaps have been for gambling
investigations, another ban on consensual behavior which encourages police invasion of privacy because the participants don't
have an incentive to report violations.  Definitely not - the invasion of privacy engendered by taxation
far exceeds that from the War on Drugs.  It's primarily violation
of Fifth Amendment issues rather than Fourth Amendment,
and invades the individual's interactions with other people
rather than focusing on their state of mind and body,
but it's a much higher volume and much more pervasive invasion.
In particular, it leads to large databases of information on
individuals and businesses, requires businesses to maintain
their own large databases on individuals, and requires huge expenditures of effort on tracking and reducing taxes
by people who could otherwise be engaged in productive activities.
And the power to tax is used to extend government control
into areas that would otherwise not have legal justifications -
confiscatory marijuana taxes were the beginning of drug prohibition,
car taxes are used to require license plates and car registration which are then used to track and control people's movement.
Medical privacy has been largely eroded by government health care
insurance and regulations requiring common identifiers for databases
(SSNs) and centralized decision-making, and also by insurance
companies which are largely shaped by the taxation-driven
market for employer-provided medical insurance.
I'd attribute the correlation issues more to the rapidly decreasing
costs of computers and storage than to the communications capabilities.
They're obviously overlapping, but even clumsy systems like SNA
and magnetic tapes by overnight mail were sufficient for business information sharing to reach critical mass a decade ago,
before the internet explosion, and to some extent even in the 60s and 70s when our privacy was beginning to be bent, folded, spindled, and mutilated.  For example, credit-card transactions
and check scanning generally don't use the Internet -
check scanning is a computer/optics/storage problem, and modems or SNA networks are enough for credit cards,
and also for buying credit reports on customers.
The big differences the Internet has made, besides fueling the growth in computer power affordability, have been in reducing the costs of correlation by small organizations, allowing the decentralization of privacy invasion.  This will have a lot of unforeseen implications;
it may also have foreseen implications, with authors
such as Brin and Vinge exploring possibilities.
Hear, hear.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-13 20:48:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Secretions 
Haven't seen St. Jude in a couple of years - thanks for the post.
Even John Young would have trouble keeping up a rant like that :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-13 21:28:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ranks Of Privacy 'Pragmatists' Are Growing 
Of course, "Privacy Rightwingers" don't believe in real privacy either.
(You can't use the term "privacy rightists" to parallel "privacy leftists"
because it will be interpreted wrong, but "Privacy Rightwingers" is close.)
After all, the government ought to be able to poke into your business,
and tap your phone calls in traditional fashion, and keep track of your race,
and keep track of your nationality in case you might be a furriner,
and keep track of who lives where because there might be (gasp!)
unmarried persons of opposite sex sharing living quarters,
or otherwise shacking up.  Motels, too.   And anywhere Commies do anything.
They probably don't insist on violating your privacy in everything -
for instance there's no need to search people getting on airplanes,
because if everybody took handguns on planes they could shoot
any Commie hijackers trying to go to Cuba....
Then there's Barlow's definition of privacy in a small town
"where you don't need to use your turn signal because
everybody knows where you're going anyway."
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-13 23:25:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list 
It's cute, but it won't wash.
The problem is that a list like this doesn't provide any
Obscurity to its users unless there are a large number of subscribers.
One reader out of a thousand is slightly Obscure.
One reader out of three just isn't.
Adding large numbers of posters to the list doesn't help,
though you could use it as a dead drop for those NYTimes subscriptions
and egroups subscriptions if you wanted.
A gateway from alt.anonymous.messages might be fun anyway.
Back when people read Usenet on their own machines,
instead of getting it from an ISP via NNTP clients,
Usenet groups gave readers Pretty Good Obscurity.
That might still be the case at universities or companies
that maintain their own news feeds, but there aren't a lot any more,
especially since a full newsfeed takes multiple T1s full-time.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-14 23:58:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention  
That's one of the applications that Disappearing Ink's system is
designed for.  Email is stored in encrypted form, with the
decryption requiring an access key from Disappearing or
a similar corporate server, and the access key is regularly destroyed unless there's a specific order to retain it.
This doesn't stop you from saving the mail outside the system,
and it doesn't stop a court order from saying "keep all your current
and future email", but it means that routine mail is routinely deleted,
unless you go out of your way to move it to your CYA server
or your Keep_for_later_use storage.  But it substantially reduces the
risk of fishing expeditions going after everything you've
ever written and every backup tape you've got.
Does this integrate well with Microsoft Outlook Mail
gi-mongous undocumented-binary-format mailboxes?
(Actually, it probably does quite well - not clear if it works
well with the Exchange mail server, but MS already encourages
people to use binary proprietary attachments instead of inline text.
You do have to deal with the network firewall issue,
but I think they've got proxy capabilities.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-15 18:06:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
Of course they don't.  Carting stuff is a job for union workers,
so that's done by the General Services Administration, unless there's
some other local union contract that requires your city's workers to do it.
And deciding whether you own things or not is a long legal process,
as is identifying what things you might own that are somewhere else.
So instead they just have the aforementioned union or city workers
cart away everything you _have_, and cart back anything later determined
to belong to someone else, unless it looks suspictious, of course.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-15 18:26:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil.  [Re: This is why 
... and Tim goes on to attribute this to lawsuits of types that he asserts wouldn't happen in a free society.
It's not that cut and dried - in a free society, solid contributors are often fired for non-economic reasons,
and one reason such people are _not_ fired is also fear of lawsuits.
Stupidity may be stupid, but it's not rare, and there are lots more opportunities for random decisions to get made.
One friend of mine was having lunch with her boss and a male coworker that she got along well with, (back in the 70s) and the boss asked if they were going out.  "No, Bob, Charlie and I are both gay";
she and her coworker were both fired that week.
It wouldn't happen today, at least here in San Francisco,
partly because of changing attitudes in society (or at least
because people got used to it), and partly because the boss
would worry about losing other productive workers or customers,
but also because the boss would get sued or harassed by _some_
city or state agency whose job is harassing businesses.
But there's much of the country where it could happen.
An employer might also be concerned about the effects of a hostile atmosphere on the productivity of other employees,
not just the lawsuitishness of those employees - in a free society you have more flexibility to make decisions
about how to handle situations.  Sometimes companies don't deal
with personnel-relationships problems until hit on the head
with a two-by-four made of compressed lawyers.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-15 20:48:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list 
Ok - if it forwards to a.a.m, then there may be arbitrarily large
numbers of readers on that side, so it's potentially useful.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-16 15:28:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
Tim said that in a free society she wouldn't be able to sue.
Jim said that Tim is entirely wrong, that in a free society
she wouldn't be able to sue.   It's true that they give different
reasons, but I can't see that there's a fundamental conflict here.
Also, Jim says that "Democratic theory demands that..."
Theories don't demand things, people do, but most people who
like democracy demand that whatever the majority wants, it gets.
(And some say, it ought to get it good and hard.)
Some theories about democracy say that this will always be good,
because most people are mostly good; some say that this will be
inherently right because it's what Da People want; some say that
it may not be all that good but you can do a lot worse with most
of the available alternatives, and that if you don't settle for that
the worse alternatives will take over.
Tim, on the other hand, believes that in a free society
that if you want to run a business you can (or at least you can try).
Jim repeatedly asserts that running a business is a privilege
that somebody, I guess Da Majority, graciously grants you,
and can take away if they want, and that it's somehow not part of freedom.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-17 22:33:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Cost of California Liberalism 
It's a market thing, or as liberals would say, it's about sharing.
Power generation capacity on the West Coast normally balances between California air conditioning in the summer and Northwest heating in the winter, and if each area had enough
capacity for all its needs, the system would be way overbuilt.
I don't know if Northwesters are as aggressive Not In My Back Yarders
as Californians about building power plants, but it's much more
efficient to use a power grid.  Except, of course, when you
overload it and stress the capacity limits and have stuff catch
fire in the summer...
Besides, Jim, as a Texan your tradition role in discussions of
natural gas policies is supposed to be to say
"let the bastards freeze in the dark" :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-17 22:48:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Announce: "secret-admirers" mail list(usenet) 
Agent or Free Agent can be set to do this, and it may make sense
for newsgroups where articles are short, but I certainly
wouldn't run in that mode for a newsgroup that had
large postings that I didn't want all of.
The binary program newsgroups are a good example of this -
article bodies are often 64 times as large as the headers,
if they stick to 64KB, or much larger if they don't,
unlike text oriented groups where they may be 4 times as large,
so downloading the entire contents on modems is really slow.
The adversary might have a good idea who's actively downloading the group
from a number of major isps.  That doesn't mean they'll know who's
reading it from random-isp.ru or direct off the spool at random.edu.au, but if they really care, they can get a good idea how many people
are reading the group, even if they don't know which articles you read.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-18 00:07:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: U.S. Supreme Court vs. Voting Technology (fwd) 
Ed Gerck, Eva Waskell who publishes The Bell, and another friend of theirs attended a recent Bay Area
Cypherpunks meeting.  Interesting people, and they
added a lot to the discussion.  Ed's ideas on certificates
and trust are different than, say, Carl Ellison's
or the X.509 mafia's or Phil Zimmermann's,
but he's not a crank, and it was good having him around.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-18 23:23:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: keyboard loggers. 
If you have to worry about people installing keyboard logging
programs on your machine without your permission, either
- you're using a public shared machine at a coffeeshop or school
- you're using your employer's machine, and shouldn't do things
- you're using your employer's machine, and need a new employer
- you're using your employer's machine, and your employer has
- you're sharing your home machine with a teenager who runs
- you've got serious security problems of your own - - the paranoids really are out to get you.
For the shared-machine problem, don't use insecure machines
to do secure stuff.  Use disposable email accounts,
American Express one-shot credit card numbers,
and if you must log in to something, use one-time passwords
(either S/Key or SecureID tokens or some similar mechanism.)
There's been some work done on encryption programs that run
in hand-held computers, whether Palm Pilot things with displays
or JavaRings or smartcards without them.  Matt Blaze, Ian Goldberg,
and Martin Minow have done presentations on those topics.
I'll leave you to figure out employer problems,
and there are professionals who can help with paranoia,
as long as you get to them before the Feds get to you.
One approach for the teenager problem (or the related problem of
machines for lab use, especially firewall research)
is removable disk drives.  You can get disk drive drawers for
IDE/Ultra/DMA/etc for about $20, and spare disks are only $100 or so.
Keep a clean copy for installing software you trust,
password-protected-screensavered to reduce accidents,
and give the kid his own disk to play with,
plus teach him how to reinstall software from CD-ROM
when it gets trashed.  It's the computer equivalent of
buying a full-sized beater car for your kid to learn to drive in -
extra weight, airbags, and an exterior you don't care about dents in.
If the kid has his own machine, and you're sharing a network, that's more trouble.  You'll have to firewall your machine
off from the kid's, or at least mainly run the clean copy
disconnected from the net, and make sure the kid keeps
current virus protection installed and running.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-19 00:26:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: How do I become a member of Cyberpunks?? 
Read too much William Gibson, get the jack installed in yer head,
or maybe a set of those nice Ono-Sendai eye implants,
and cowboy your way onto the net.
If, however, you're looking for the cypherpunks mailing list,
find the Cyphernomicon on the net, and read it.
There are archives at inet-one in Singapore. If you send mail to cypherpunks-request at einstein.ssz.com and ask nicely,
the friendly robot will send you mail.  Save the email where
you'll remember to look it up later, and then if you want
50-100 messages delivered to your doorstep daily,
take the blue pill, or was it the red one.
(Second edition of Bruce Schneier's Applied Cryptography
is the red one.....)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-19 16:25:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Crypto questions 
You don't want to be on the bleeding edge of cryptography;
you want to be on the calm, boring and stuffy edge.
The bleeding edge is for academic mathematicians,
not for people with high-importance security problems.
You might want to be on the bleeding edge of firewalling
and implementation - depends on your need for speed, number of locations you're supporting, and price-sensitivity.
Unbreakable algorithms are easy, and have been for years.
Triple DES or the newly certified Rijndael AES standard are both as strong as you need (if you're paranoid, stick to 3DES; Rijndael is newer, and while it's had just about everybody trying to crack it and survived, and the US NIST (and hence NSA) has certified it, newer isn't better in this business.)
RC4 with 128-bit keys is also strong enough, if it's been implemented properly; if applied wrong, it fails badly,
so make sure you're using a competent implementation.
For public-key cryptosystems, either RSA or the Elliptic-Curve systems
are strong enough, given sufficiently long keys, though the definition
of "long enough" has grown by a few bits since then.
1024-bit RSA is fine for anything not involving decades of time
or large numbers of dead bodies, but 2048 isn't hard either.
For implementation, if you don't _really_ know what you're doing,
and since you're asking about a good reading list, you don't,
if this is for your business, you need to *hire* *somebody*
who does know what they're doing, and you probably want them to buy
commercial products backed by businesses with some development capital
that will fix bugs and maintain stuff, and you need to look at the
security of your processes.  Because it doesn't matter how
unbreakable your algorithms are if some insider has access to the
router with the password written on a yellow sticky note,
or if somebody can mail you a Microsoft Loves You virus
that forwards your email inbox to kgb.com.
At first glance, it sounds like your application probably calls for
either Cisco routers using their IPSEC features (if your remote
endpoints are big enough to use a router), or a Nortel or Cisco
IPSEC box at your headquarters location with IPSEC client software
running on your PCs or Linux boxes.  But you haven't talked about
network scale, speeds, sizes, number of locations, etc.,
so those are just generic guesses.   Depending on what you're doing
(user population, turnover, employees vs. customers, etc.),
you may also want some kind of Public Key Infrastructure,
or that may just be a bunch of bogus hype irrelevant to your needs.
Another possible approach is PGP-encrypted email -
PGP Inc. used to do gateway boxes that could forward and encrypt mail
and enforce encryption policies; if they still do this,
that may also be an answer.  You could also see if SSH has anything to offer.
The classic reading list on crypto starts with Bruce Schneier's
Applied Cryptography, plus however much of it's 1000+ item bibliography
makes sense for you.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-20 01:41:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: crypto questions -  encrypted mail standards  
A separate discussion over on coderpunks maybe helpful here.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-21 01:01:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Tapping cellphones for National Security 
Total Telecom is a free (registration-probably-required) news-clipping
service covering telecom issues.  This lovely article is about the
FBI's current hypocritical pretenses of protecting "national security"
and "privacy" by increasing their wiretapping abilities,
using laws that were written to prevent hostile foreign domination of
(ok, and competition with US firms for) critical national infrastructure.
(Mind you, I think the laws are bogus, but the FBI is increasing
the bogon density around them considerably.)
U.S. works out security issues with VoiceStream & DT By Jeremy Pelofsky, Reuters
20 December 2000
U.S. law enforcement authorities are working to address national security
about acquisitions of VoiceStream Wireless Corp. and Powertel Inc. by Deutsche
Telekom AG , which is partially owned by the German government.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the companies filed a joint petition made available on Tuesday asking the Federal Communications Commission,
which has to determine whether the combinations are in the public interest,
to hold off ruling until the parties reach an agreement.
VoiceStream , based in Bellevue, Wash., agreed to be acquired by the German
telecommunications giant earlier this year in a $34 billion deal. VoiceStream also agreed to acquire Powertel for about $6 billion in August.
Law enforcement agencies "have concerns that the merger could, absent an
appropriate agreement, impair the ability of authorized governmental agencies
in the U.S. to satisfy their obligations to preserve the national security,
enforce the laws and protect the public," according to the petition.
Germany's 44 percent stake in DT, which the government has pledged to divest,
has raised concerns among some in the U.S. Congress about the impact the
government backing could have on competition and U.S. national security.
The agencies are seeking assurances of the ability to conduct
lawfully-authorized electronic surveillance of domestic calls and
those that begin or end in the United States, the petition said,
a copy of which was filed with the FCC.
The FBI and U.S. Justice Department also said they are seeking to prevent
as well as detect foreign-based or other illegal surveillance that could
risk U.S. security and the privacy of the nation's telecommunications system.
"The parties are currently and in good faith working diligently working
toward such an agreement," the filing said.
A VoiceStream spokeswoman declined to comment on the petition.
The company in the past said it expected to have to address concerns raised by
U.S. law enforcement authorities but did not anticipate any problems
reaching an
The merged company would represent a "substantial U.S. wireless service
offering near nationwide personal communications service (PCS) coverage as
as in Europe using the global system for mobile communications standard (GSM),
according to the petition.
Sen. Ernest Hollings, a South Carolina Democrat, has urged the FCC to block
VoiceStream-DT deal because he says U.S. law prohibits a telecommunications
company that is more than 25 percent owned by a foreign government from
acquiring U.S. firms.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-24 00:13:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Crypto on cable...chuck the vce? 
The Register's front page only shows the most recent N stories,
constantly changing.  You'll need to point to the article itself,
which looks like
an article Kevin Poulsen did for securityfocus.com.
It looks quite similar to the stuff John Gilmore wrote about recently,
except sleazier due to FCC involvement.
= Sneaky cable crypto scheme in the works
= By: Kevin Poulsen
= Posted: 22/12/2000 at 19:36 GMT
= The cable television industry is moving
= ahead with a controversial plan to
= implement a copy protection scheme that will allow movie studios
= and cable providers to control what viewers are able to record off
= future digital cable TV networks. Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-24 00:21:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Digital Economy Jargon Generator 
Odd - I've been receiving these in random order.  Blame Canada, I guess.
In case nobody's mentioned it, one of the predecessors to
 was "The Great Web Canadianizer",
which, y'know', turned web pages into mock Canadian, eh?
At least the Saturday Night Live Frozen North version, eh?
So you'cd have some brews n donuts while getting your web pages
translated outa yankee and hidin where they come from, eh?
It's also useful for dealing with the US crypto export laws.
Let P and Q be big primes, eh?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-24 20:05:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: About Gilmore's letter on IBM&Intel push copy protection 
But it was only the right thing to do if your the spare machine
was roughly identical to the dead machine.  Fortunately,
Sun operating systems are pretty good at guessing hardware,
due to S-Bus self-identification and the relative consistency of hardware.  With diskful machines, you sometimes had to worry about
whether the spare machine had as much disk as the original, though diskless machines didn't have that problem.
Sometimes you'd get into trouble because the spare machine
had a wimpier graphics board than the dead machine,
and the graphics configs might be stored in the copy of the program
that was on the file server, but usually you were ok.
You could also get into trouble if Box A (now deceased) had Program A,
and Box B had Program B, so you couldn't move the prom from A into B
without making it unable to run Program B.
But of course, if you've got a $20,000 chip-design program,
and $5000 Sun workstations, it's more cost-effective to keep
spare workstations around than spare program licenses,
and _much_ more cost-effective to keep spare disk drives.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-24 22:15:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Evil Copy Protection vs. Good Crypto-Capable Objects 
Most of us agree that this technology is Nasty Copy Protection
pushed by Nasty Software Hoarders opposed to Honest Open Source,
and by Nasty Music Hoarders who want us to Pay Per View for
music, videos, e-books, and other products that we've bought,
using them technical workarounds for activities that
would normally be covered by First Sale and Fair Use
and only be covered by the limited protections of copyright,
and they richly deserve to Die Like DIVX (remember DIVX?*)
and get rejected by the market like Lotus Copy Protection.
Much worse, these Mindshare Marketing Thugs are in league with
the sleazy DMCA-abusers who got a law written badly enough that
it not only directly confiscates the previous rights of
information consumers but goes far beyond that to criminalize people who are engaged in the legitimate activity
of seeing what it is they bought and using it in interesting ways.
The technical side is bad enough, but left to itself,
either Darwin would get them or they'd find a market that's
willing to be couch-potato consumers we can sneer at,
either of which are ok, while the legal side is outright evil.
But what happens if we look at this from a cypherpunks viewpoint?
Cypherpunks write code.  Nasty MusicHoarderPunks can too.
The right way to protect information isn't to write laws,
which are ineffective against crackers (whether government or
free-lance), usually contain loopholes for cops to abuse,
and can be changed if the government wants to -
it's to write code and algorithms and hardware designs
that actually protect the information.
That's what these guys are doing, and it's what we WANT them
to do, though we'd rather have them operate a gift economy,
the way the folk music profession did before it commercialized,
and the church music and hacking professions.
How do you build tools to protect information,
at a level of granularity that someone who'd
cracked root on a Unix box or bought or cracked User on a Windows box can't break into?  You use crypto to encrypt data,
with public-key algorithms to do appropriate parts in public,
use objects that maintain their own data and keys,
and maybe you build capability-based operating systems,
or partition functions into separate devices like smartcards
or intelligent peripherals to keep the private parts more isolated.
If you want to build a For Your Ears Only secure telephone,
it's much easier if you can ship an encrypted data stream
that only the recipient's headphone can decrypt.
And if you want a digital signature system that
can't easily be forged by FBI spook who shoulder-surfs
your passphrase, or want a digital payment system that
can't easily be ripped off by some online store clerk,
it's easier if you can use some hardware object in the process.
To a large extent, the threat models are critical to your security -
but if being overprotected doesn't interfere with regular use,
and doesn't interfere with the other protection you're building,
it's not a Bad Thing.   Of course, it cuts two ways -
if you're not a Good Guy building hardware protection against
virus crackers, but an NSA Spook building cracking tools
to workaround for the software protections, it's nice to get
down and dirty in the hardware and hire Chip-R-Us to include
an undocumented Export Chip Private Key instruction in addition
to the Export Chip Public Key instruction...
Music Hoarders have a somewhat harder problem, in that they
want to copy-protect information while providing near-identical
copies to large numbers of people, while you're more likely
to want to provide your personal transaction information or
private messages only to a small number of recipients -
but you may still want some kind of watermarking to identify
who sold your "private" information to somebody you didn't authorize.
As long as watermarking isn't seriously obnoxious, the fact
that different listeners hear slightly different versions
isn't that bad - listeners at a concert also hear different versions
depending on whether they're in the front row, the nosebleed seats,
or the Phil Zone, as well as how hard they've been dancing,
how bouncily the people in front are dancing, whether Jerry
forgot some of the words or had a magical guitar night that reminds
them of a previous concert, and how, umm, chemically enhanced they are :-)
Somebody allegedly wrote to RAH:
Intel and IBM know that Windows isn't going to protect their data -
if they want it protected, they'll have to work around it,
using techniques like CPUs, speakers, and disk drives that
share public keys and only pass encrypted data through the OS.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-26 02:13:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: More half-baked social planning ideas 
My condo is quite habitable without air conditioning.
It's got an air conditioner on the lower floor we've never turned on
(stupid location - if it were in the upstairs bedroom we'd use it
a couple nights a year.)   High ceilings.  Electric heat.
I'm spending far more to heat the place in a Silicon Valley winter,
with temperatures seldom below 10C and almost never below 5C,
than I ever spent in New Jersey, where they have real winters
(not real snowy winters, but below freezing for a few months.)
It was built back in the 70s, when we should have stopped pretending
that electricity was too cheap to meter.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-26 02:16:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: About Gilmore's letter on IBM&Intel push copy protection 
As opposed to DEC VAXen, where the tech would reformat the disks,
whether they needed them or not, and occasionally replace the bad
disk controller with another bad disk controller :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-26 05:29:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: More half-baked social planning ideas 
Cthulhu.  Gravity-hot-air heating systems.  Steam radiators.
In the basement, no one can hear you scream...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-27 16:30:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: That 70's Crypto Show (Scalability and Napster) 
Napster itself suffers from tragedy of the inadequate business model,
since it relies on centralized servers with no visible means of support (other than the "with 20 million users we should be able to get revenue _somewhere_") and a potential for
exponential growth in their legal costs if they get any revenue.
They do have a problem related to tragedy of the commons,
which is a need for servers that are bigger than the
biggest individual servers they currently support,
and a technology that doesn't scale as well as they'd like,
though some parts of it scale extremely well and the
next level of bottlenecks are still good enough for
pirating music, with users sharing music in communities of
a few hundred thousand, if not good enough for six billion users.
I suspect the next layer of scalability could be handled
adequately by some good engineering, though perhaps it needs
Real Computer Science, but without a good funding model
it's not likely to get done.   The current model does seem
to port well to the Open-Servers-Not-Run-By-Napster model -
volunteers can run medium-sized servers because the first level of scalability design was well done,
and as with Napster-run servers, it's close enough for
pirate music, though it doesn't let you find
everything on the distributed net.
Less Napster-like systems with decentralized servers
have to address scaling problems as well.
Some of them tie their metadata and their transmission methods
together closely; some split them apart better.
Gnutella sounds like it's in trouble - too much needs to
be online, and the original designs can't handle a large number
of requests if there are people with slow connections on the net.
It's kind of like tragedy of the commons where the commons is
small and everybody has to walk their sheep in single file,
so the slowest or dumbest sheep become a bottleneck for everyone else.
Freenet paid more attention to scaling in its design -
it's easy to retrieve stuff if you know where it is,
or to find stuff if it's relatively near you,
and it can cope with not being able to find everything -  On the other hand, it may be harder to find the stuff you want.
Some of this may be computer science, some is engineering,
some is just counting stuff :-)  Some problems, like scalability
or understanding don't-use-the-same-key-twice attacks on RC4,
are Science the first time you learn them, but they're just
engineering after a while, the way understanding the relationship
of the tensile strength of material to its molecular structure
is science, but designing a bridge so that it doesn't overstress
any of its beams is engineering, and taking occasional samples of bolts
and destructively testing them to make sure they've got the
tensile strength they're supposed to is engineering or maybe
just business practice (depending on whether you're doing it
to make sure your bridge will perform the way you want or
to make sure your suppliers aren't ripping you off.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-12-27 16:58:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: That 70's Crypto Show (Remailers, science and engineering) 
Tim's complained for a while that the cypherpunks meetings and
discussions have declined in quality, partly because we've
tended to rehash old material rather than doing new and interesting work, and partly because we've tended to have
fewer talks on new stuff people are doing and more on
some commercial business (maybe or maybe not run by cypherpunks)
doing their product or non-technical talks by EFF lawyer types.
While I'm not disagreeing with him here,
I think a lot of this is _precisely_ related to the movement
of crypto out of math and CS areas and into engineering.
Mojo Nation, for example, is partly interesting because it's not just Yet Another Encrypted Music Sharing Product - it's mixing the
crypto with economic models in ways that are intellectually complex,
even if they're somewhat at the hand-waving level
rather than highly precise.
Cool.  Are the proceedings on line anywhere?  (Or is it only
for people who know the secret keys...)
Arrgh!  Dave, just because nobody's known to have broken them
doesn't mean that nobody's succeeded in breaking them
(without us knowing they've succeeded), or that anybody's put serious effort into an attack.
The basic remailer network is known to be breakable by
anybody doing a thorough eavesdropping attack,
because you can learn a lot from message sizes.
Mixmasters are much safer, because message sizes are
constant (though message counts aren't), but it's not clear
whether they're good enough, given a good attack.
Pipenets are probably secure enough against most attacks,
but they're annoying economically - not surprising that
Zero Knowledge's initial service didn't fully implement them.
The reason remailers have been Good Enough so far
is that as far as we know, nobody's had the motivation
to do a proactive eavesdropping attack on them,
or a proactive deployment of untrustworthy remailers
the attacks have either been after-the-fact attempts to
get information that wasn't logged (they're strong enough
for that, if run by trustable people on uncracked machines), or proactive attempts to close the remailers
(many of those attacks have been successful.)
Small numbers of remailers (there are typically about 20)
aren't good enough to resist shutdown-forcing attacks.
The cool thing about Zero Knowledge was that they had a business model they thought could get large numbers of
service providers to support, which increases the security
against loss of individual remailers as well as reducing the likelihood of an individual remailer shutting down.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-01 09:13:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
I really like Carla - hope she does well.  You'll probably also have
a lot of Greens and liberal Democrats voting for Nader, which would be
good except they're partly doing it for the campaign finance porkbarrel.
Massachusetts looks like the kind of state that has more pot smokers than registered Republicans.
Somebody ought to be able to use that....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-02 00:01:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: California bars free speech of those cutting deals on votes 
Actually, the state legislature passed it, twice, and State Reptile\\\\\\\Governor Pete Wilson vetoed it, twice.
So we had to do an initiative, which Wilson politicked against,
but it passed, so State Atty. General Dan Lundgen and the Feds
tried to gut it.   The new Democrat Atty. Gen. Bill Lockyer's
not helping any.
If you read the Federal drug laws, they start out by bald-facedly asserting that since it's hard to tell where a particular bunch of drugs comes from, Congress presumes that they may have originated in or be destined for interstate commerce, so they have jurisdiction.
(Even if it's a marijuana plant still attached to the ground....)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-02 00:10:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: any good idea? 
This is called hashing.  There are lots of ways to do this.
If you need cryptographic strength, use a cryptographically strong
hash function like SHA1 and keep 5 digits of output.
If you don't need cryptographic strength, use a CRC code
(Cyclic Redundancy Check). There are lots of books out there with theory or examples about
CRCs and cryptographic hashes.  The basic differences are
how easy it is to predict differences in the input given
different outputs - in cryptography you care about this being hard,
while for regular applications you just care that different inputs
usually give different outputs so everything's distributed evenly.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-02 03:22:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Zero Knowledge changes business model (press release) 
Sounds like a job for Klaus! von Future Prime....
Yeah, but everybody will assume that's just a trolling cop :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-03 00:30:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Zero Knowledge changes business model (press release) 
We need to be careful not to let GAKKers define our perspectives.
Locks-in-series is a much different problem than locks-in-parallel,
which is the usual GAK/CorporateGAK model.   (Or alternatively,
user-locks-in-parallel-with-(GAK-locks-in-series), so it takes two corporate officers to agree to eavesdrop.)
Locks-in-series are often are solutions to increasing privacy, not decreasing it.
For example, especially in the health care business,
current practice is that just about anybody can get at
all of customer data, and there's a real need for privacy
protection technology that puts stricter controls on people
getting at data they do or don't need to know.
In the US, where we don't have the benefit of Canadian Health Care (:-),
the US government's Medicare requirements and tax policies
have pushed insurance companies to use Social Security Numbers
as their customer-ID numbers, and pushed businesses to use
SSNs as their interface to the insurance companies,
and doctors to use SSNs since they need to deal with insurance.
Even locks-in-parallel on data can provide more privacy than
the current screen-doors-on-data level of protection.
In spite of the usual PR behaviour that has PR people vaguely
paraphrasing things that might have been technical concepts once,
there are times you *really* need to let the technical people
vet press releases before letting them out the door,
or the crypto or privacy people will ream you badly :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-03 10:03:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ZKS, government regulation, and new "privacy" laws 
Does anybody know if anything ever came of PGP Inc.'s
attempts to get the Vatican to use PGP?
(I couldn't find a PGP key on though they could be using them just internally.
They do have the Secret Archives on CD-ROM now,
at least for Popes from a long time ago.
I guess the secrets you can find on CD-ROM
aren't the real secrets....)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-03 10:28:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Soft Money for Green Medea Benjamin 
The SF Bay Guardian, 11/1/00, pg.23, has a big ad for Green senatorial candidate Medea Benjamin, paid for by
"Philip H. Wilkie and the Green Party of California"
"Not authorized by any candidate or candidate committee".
Friends, this is _soft_money_, right here in San Francisco,
and it's a good example of the kind of thing many campaign finance "reform" proposals would ban -
and why the First Amendment is a better campaign finance law
that the ones we're using today.  I highly respect Medea - she's strong, principled, and has guts.
She's done a lot of election monitoring around the world.
She needs to learn some reality about economics,
and why economic rights are critical parts of human rights,
but that's the usual Green problem. :-)
I happened to catch the news the other night,
where the bipartisan debate between Dianne Feinstein (boo, hiss!)
and Republican Tom Campbell (who opposes the Drug War)
got upstaged by Medea's protests outside KRON (or whichever TV-monopoly station it was).
It was a class act, particularly when she and Campbell
hugged each other after both talking to the crowd.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-03 11:36:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: FW: BLOCK: AT&T signs bulk hosting contract with spammers 
Fortunately, somebody got this to the right people at AT&T
otherwise I was going to have to contact the Sales VP (Hovancak)
whose name was on the contract and ask him to find the sales rep
who got fast-talked into signing that contract.  AT&T's privacy policies mean that we can't reveal information on our customers' networks, so it's the PR folks' problem
to tell you that we've learned the error of our ways,
as revealed in the CNET article below.
AT&T admits spam offense after contract exposed By Paul Festa
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
November 3, 2000, 9:30 a.m. PT update - AT&T acknowledged Thursday that it had violated its own spam policy by providing Web-hosting services to a
purported sender of unsolicited commercial email.
The admission came after an English anti-spam organization
publicly posted what it termed a "pink contract" between
AT&T and the alleged spammer, Nevada Hosting.
AT&T had been hosting the group's Web site. "This proves that AT&T knowingly does business with spammers and
shows that AT&T makes 'pink' contracts with known spammers to not
terminate the spammers' services," Steve Linford of The Spamhaus
Project wrote in an email interview. AT&T confirmed Thursday the authenticity of the contract and
said it had been discontinued. "That document represents an unauthorized revision to AT&T's standard contract and is in direct conflict with AT&T's anti-spamming policies,"
wrote AT&T representative Bill Hoffman. "The agreement has been
terminated, and the customer has been disconnected." AT&T's spam policy specifically rules out contracts like the
one it signed with Nevada Hosting. Nevada Hosting could not be reached for comment. Anti-spam groups have long suspected the existence of pink
contracts that allow spammers to promote their Web sites
provided they send their unsolicited emails through other
Internet service providers, according to Linford. The AT&T
contact confirmed those suspicions. The Spamhaus Project's success comes as anti-spam groups
increasingly bypass spammers themselves and instead target
those who facilitate the dissemination of unsolicited commercial email.
Those groups--mostly ISPs and server administrators--are
relatively few and are easier to hold accountable than spammers. Another such pressure group is the Mail Abuse Prevention System
(MAPS), which maintains the Realtime Blackhole List (RBL).
The MAPS RBL blacklists servers left open to abuse by spammers.
While the group's stated goal is to pressure server administrators
to close avenues for spammers, the MAPS RBL has weathered criticism
that it has limited effectiveness in actually blocking spam. The Spamhaus Project, based in London, positions itself as kind of
spam Purgatory on the way to the MAPS RBL. Spamhaus targets entities
that send spam with forged addresses and the ISPs that do business with them. "When it finds a 'stealth' spamming service, or an outfit
selling stealth spamware, The Spamhaus Project sends a notice
to the ISP and requests the service or site be terminated,"
Linford wrote. "Ninety-five percent of spam sites are terminated
this way, and those that aren't are then escalated to the MAPS RBL team. "MAPS are very much our heroes." AT&T representatives have taken to Internet discussion forums
in an attempt to placate spam foes and reassure them that the
company's stated anti-spam policy will be enforced in future contracts. "Our sales agents have been instructed as to the correct procedure
to follow and have been reminded of our existing anti-spamming policies,"
AT&T customer care manager Ed Kelley wrote in a posting to the
"news.admin.net-abuse.email" newsgroup. "AT&T is making every
effort to ensure that this does not occur again in the future." Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-03 19:35:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RISKS: New Jersey shuts down E-ZPass statement site after 
the following pleasant article on privacy was on RISKS.

@_date: 2000-11-04 16:35:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption technology 
Jim, you're misunderstanding the class NP, though you're
correct in not holding your breath.
It's not "all problems that can't be solved in polynomial time."
It's "all problems that can be solved in polynomial time by a
non-deterministic Turing machine."  A non-deterministic Turing machine is allowed to guess answers
(or at least, to guess a polynomial number of answers).
Answers to NP problems can be verified in polynomial time -
the hypothetical machine guesses the answer, and verifies it
in a polynomially bounded time.
There are lots of problems that are outside of NP - they're known
to take exponential amounts of time to solve, regardless of whether
you've got a NTM which can pull correct bits out of /dev/oracle.
There are also lots of problems for which the complexity is unknown,
such as factoring.  Until ~20 years ago, linear programming was
believed to be part of NP, but Karmarkar's algorithm (which I think
was based on Shor's work?) demonstrated a way to solve it in polynomial time,
though with an annoyingly large polynomial.
NP-complete problems are a certain set of problems for which it can
be proven that if you can solve one problem in that set in polynomial time,
you can use only polynomially more work to solve any other problem in that
Usually people reduce things to the Satisfiability problem,
though sometimes others are more convenient.
When I was studying complexity theory from Karp back in grad school,
one thing I didn't understand was the issue of whether there might be
other sets of problems that are similarly hard but not reducable to each other, e.g. a set NP1 of hard problems including satistiability,
Hamiltonian paths, etc., a set NP2 of hard problems including Foo and Bar
that are reducable to each other but haven't been proven to
solve or be solved by NP1 (or at least not both.)
Perhaps it's a definitional thing, or perhaps there are proofs that
were beyond the scope of a first-year grad course, or perhaps
the problems that appear to be that hard just keep turning out
to be members of the well-known NP-complete set, or perhaps
there was something obvious I was just missing...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-04 18:29:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Enter and Win at ABCNEWS.com 
The NSA museum in Ft. Meade is pretty close.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-04 23:23:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption technology 
No - it gives you a direct solution that takes exponential time,
because there are exponentially many answers the thing could guess,
each of which takes a polynomial time to validate.
The "then a miracle occurs" step is that the NTM guesses the
_correct_ answer - that's why it's hypothetical, rather than real.
The reason that it's interesting mathematics is partly that many
NP-complete problems, or NP problems in general, are useful or interesting
to mathematicians, and sometimes to real people as well (:-),
and that it tells us about the complexity of the problem, and about the difficulty of finding answers, and whether to go for
optimal solutions to the problems or to look for heuristics that give
pretty good answers most of the time.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-05 12:04:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Congratulations!  You've finally discovered the Secret Ulterior Motive
behind the Cypherpunks Grocery-Store-Frequent-Shopper Card Exchange Ritual,
which is to discourage them from knowing who's *really* buying
all that chocolate and beer.   (We used to do it relatively often; now it's more of an occasional thing,
especially since the Albertsons/AmericanStores merger means that
Lucky no longer uses cards, but Safeway still does.
Safeway started doing "Thank you for shopping at Safeway, Mr. Cypherpunki"
a while back, and they're currently usually mispronouncing the
person whose dietary habits I'm also disparaging. :-)

@_date: 2000-11-05 23:47:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption technology 
Dave's right, Jim.  The NDTM obtains The Right Answer by using a process
you could call "guessing" or you could call "an oracle".  That's not
"Oracle" like "Larry Ellison telling you what you WILL buy next", it's
"Oracle" like "Stoned priestess telling you that if you attack today,
a great kingdom will fall", and the polynomial-time part is where
you crank that through and find out that yes, it's correct.
(Unfortunately it's *your* kingdom, but it's correct.)  The reason the NDTM is hypothetical is because always guessing the
right answer isn't a technology that's really available,
unless quantum computers can do that with a sufficently useful precision.
(Looks like QCs will at best guess the right answer some of the time,
not all the time, and you'll still have to check it.)
The NDTM doesn't allow the state to be both 0 and 1, it tells you which.
The DTM part verifies that the answer from the oracle is correct,
even though obtained by non-deterministic magic.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-06 00:13:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Here's an interesting twist on gun control ... 
While I agree with this, most states and cities not only require you
to have guns, they require you to hire guys in blue suits to
carry them around.  Back when we had state militias, people were often required to be part of them,
and the Feds still require you to sign up for the draft
so they can tell you to carry them and shoot their enemies
in places like Vietnam if they can't get enough volunteers.
The only difference here is they're giving you a bit more choice
on who you shoot and when....
But then, if the War Between The States was really about slavery,
why did Lincoln use conscript troops to fight it?
(The Secession was to prevent slavery from being banned,
but the War was to enforce nationalism.)
But yeah, it was tacky for Kennesaw Georgia to make their law,
and it's tacky for this part of Utah to do so.
"You have the right to own a gun.
If you do not own a gun, one will be provided for you."
Or, as Woody Guthrie said about the draft,
"Well, they can make me carry a gun, but they can't
tell me which way to point it."
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-06 03:00:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: PipeNet protocol 
Only one of the ISPs I deal with has a traffic limit,
and that probably only gets counted for hits to my web pages,
not from my dialup connection.
Some higher-speed connections have limits, some don't,
but again it's more common for hosting service than for transit service.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-06 04:13:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: USG Terrorism Resources Re: US report urges Arafat to use 
So are you going to put them out on Napster?  :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-06 09:24:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Internet IP scan completed (> 4E9 IP's served) 
It's kind of a cool hack, though apparently there are
at least two companies that have done it.
2**32 is just NOT a very big number any more,
so it's not surprising that somebody has tracerouted
all of it (except 10.* and other private spaces.)
Depending on how efficient they want to be,
there are ways to make the traceroutes take advantage
of the fact that they're sequentially scanning,
so most locations take the same path as the previous one.
I'm probably going to port-scan 10.*, which in this case
is my organization's lab network which has 4 locations
and could use better documentation.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-06 12:40:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Minesweeper and defeating modern encryption 
It's actually with no www.
You're still not getting what the non-deterministic Turing machine does.
The problem is structured as a decision-making problem, where an input is "accepted" if the Turing machine halts in an accept state, meaning the
set of input is a valid solution to the problem (sometimes leading to
ugly convoluted problem definitions if you're really trying to find an optimum
rather than a yes-no problem like a Hamiltonian or 3-SAT), or rejected if it halts in a rejection state (where the proposed answer is not a valid
solution), or doesn't halt (if it's an annoying problem+input.)
"An input is accepted if any move sequence leads to acceptance" means that
there's some collection of next states (bits of answer) that leads to the an accept state.  How do you know _which_ input value leads to acceptance?
That's the magic part.  If there are N bits of input, there are 2**N possible
move sequences, of which the existence of one correct sequence leads to
I don't think anybody's claimed that it has - the Satisfiability problem
and the subset 3-SAT problem don't deal with all Boolean problems,
just ones with a particular form.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-06 20:37:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: [Spam wars, continued...] 
I agree with Jim that anti-spam laws are bad in principle;
in practice they're usually worse :-)
Some kinds of cypherpunks technology don't involve the law; some do.  For instance, user-supplied filters can trigger libel laws
("Hey, your filter called me a SPAMMER!  I'll SUE!").
Carrier-end filters have a similar effect (I'm sure Jim would prefer
that any such filters be installed by the user, not the ISP,
even if they do get installed at the ISP's end of the wire.)
Either way, they're reputation servers of some sort.
But another set of cypherpunks technology is "the cure for bad speech is more speech" - responding to unwanted
streams of bits ("Buy our SPAM today") with equally unwanted bits
("Ping of Death", cracking, and other attacks.)  These tend to
violate ISP acceptable use policies a and occasionally laws.
But social contracts and economics are two sides of the same coin.
While the DoD-funded ARPANET policies against commercial speech were
censorship, the Usenet prevailing opposition to newsgroup spam was
a social-contract thing.  In many cases it's broken down,
except on moderated newsgroups, but a lot of it is still there.
And ISPs implement spam blocking not because they care
(some do, some don't, usually depending on pricing models),
but because their users keep telling them "Hey, I don't want spam."
And social-contract relationships between ISPs mean that
if you don't want somebody spamming your ISP, you don't spam theirs,
and if somebody keeps spamming you and your users don't want it,
you stop doing business with them.
But spam is one thing, and politically incorrect content is another.
Some ISPs have no-porn policies because they see a market for it,
but many have them because they don't want legal problems if some
prosecutor decides that they're selling obscenity in an election year.
And with others, it's a marketing / branding thing - so if you don't
like that kind of ISP, don't do business with them.
Open source technical standards doesn't have a lot of relationship to the spam problem.  They do mean that you can find and fix opportunities for spamming that are being abused, and that
spammers can find and exploit new opportunities.
Back to the 128K problem, with an ISDN line I agree it's nobody's business.
You're getting dedicated bandwidth to a router pool, and whether
you're on full time or not is strictly a pricing thing
(and you'll have a much different opinion depending on whether you're
charged by the minute or jsut flat rate.)
With cable modems, it's a bit different, because the technology is
very asymmetric.  IMHO, the carriers like Excite at Home are clueless and
annoying in their server policies - but it's partly because they don't
have consistent traffic management technology, and partly because
they can get rid of most of the problems by blocking web servers
and now Napster which tend to be resource hogs.
They'd rather be able to shut down users blindly if they have
performance problems rather than having to argue about your web server
using much less bandwidth than your "client" video-conference program,
even though the web server is a much more efficient way to display
your fish tank and coffee pot to the world.  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-07 13:43:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Will it never end ... 
Well, if they hadn'd had public education in the past,
maybe they should get some.  But if they _are_ trying to appeal
to people who've had public education, obviously it's not a good deal :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-07 14:22:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [Spam wars, continued...] 
I was thinking about filters that are installed by the user,
but might get their lists of spammer / spams from a rating service,
just as censorware products get lists from services.
For instance, there are some patterns that are obvious spam
and once you've seen them twice, you block them,
but there's a lot of randomly worded spam out there
which a spam-rating service could help you block.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-07 16:21:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Codebreaking with a multi-Teraflops network: one technique 
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-07 16:34:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Courts interfering with election 
Vote late and often!    It's especially useful if there are enough
Nader votes that the Democrats need some last-minute metabolically challenged voters to help out.
After the 1990 census, New Jersey was redoing the gerrymander to
help solidify Republican and Democrat districts.
They wanted to make a majority-Hispanic district, so they expanded
the boundaries of one district to include Rahway Prison,
which has a lot of blacks and Hispanics in it.....
Who are mostly convicted felons, and can't vote.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-08 02:25:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Cypherpunks Mtg, STANFORD 11/11/00 
Online version: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks   November 11, 2000
  Sat 11 November 1:00 - 5:00 PM
  Stanford University Campus - Tressider Union courtyard
Agenda -
Location Info:
   The meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our outdoor
   meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the Stanford
   University campus, at the tables outside Tressider Union, at the end of
   Santa Theresa, just west of Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
   We meet at the tables on the west side of the building, inside the
   horseshoe "U" formed by Tresidder. Ask anyone on campus where Tressider
   is and they'll help you find it.
   If the weather is bad, we'll meet inside.
   Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tresidder.
Location Maps:
   Stanford Campus (overview, Tresidder highlighted).
   Tressider Union (zoomed detail view).
       Printable Stanford Map (407k).
    [ This announcement sent to the following mailing lists:
  Mailing list complaints or address corrections to bill.stewart at pobox.com.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-08 15:13:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Courts interfering with election 
On the other hand, doing a bait&switch on closing times
is also going to affect the voting response, especially for people who work late or weird shifts and were planning to
vote at 9pm.
Also, maybe Tim hasn't voted somewhere new in a while,
but this is a polling system run by government bureaucrats,
who have a level of enthusiasm and competence for providing
high-quality service for inner-city residents that's
_much_ different from the quality of service that they provide
for rich folks.   Sometimes the poll-workers can read and write,
and sometimes there are enough poll-workers,
and if there's a political machine around, they also know how to
count, and what they're counting, and for whom, and what things are important to count accurately, like money, and what things are not important to count accurately, like poor people's votes.
When things screw up in an overworked clerical environment,
they screw up badly.
Somebody I was talking to last night was at the polling place,
and the guy in front of her was trying to straighten out the
two registrations from the same address, one for John Doe, Democrat,
and one for John J. Doe, Republican (no, they weren't father and son,
they were the same guy....)  That's an easier case for him,
at least if he only wants to vote once (:-).
And it's much messier when the people are tenants who move a lot.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-09 03:51:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: geezers and ballots 
At least with the current vote totals on the sfgate.com page,
Buchanan narrowly beat Browne (about 10% on about 400,000 votes).
This isn't enough to swing that, but it's frustratingly close.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-09 10:15:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
There are at least two problems with that
0) That's what happened now, and nobody likes it :-)
1) The ballots that appear to have been misvoted, about 19000 of them,
disproportionately appear to have been for Gore, and not for Bush,
so it seriously biases the results in that district.
You could avoid this by voiding _all_ Presidential votes from the district.
2) The district itself is heavily Democrat, so voiding all their votes
doesn't fix the imbalance either.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-09 14:41:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Close Elections and Causality 
[lots of good comments on causality....]
A few years ago, Christie Whitman was busy campaigning for governor of New Jersey, and didn't get back home to vote in
a school bond election.  It lost by one vote.
(On the other hand, the local district or state or somebody
ignored their loss in the election and sold the bonds anyway....)
The electoral college system means that in almost all states,
except the one or two with the middlest results,
a difference of a small number of votes doesn't change the outcome.
Usually even changing the outcome for a whole state doesn't
change the outcome of the election either, except a few big states.
In Florida, where the vote totals are close to equal,
a small number of changed votes could change the election.
Arguably, the votes on the 19000 spoiled ballots _have_ changed
the outcome of the election, because the vote went into the voting booth
saying "I'm voting for Gore", and the ballot counters tossed those votes
after they were made.
I agree that that's a strong point - if any of those 19000 voters
was confused, the time for them to raise the issue was at the poll.
If they _did_ ask "hey, this is confusing, how do I vote for Gore?"
at the polling place, and the poll workers told them what to do
and voided their ballots anyway, then they've got a cause of action.
If they didn't complain, it's much harder to argue.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-09 17:11:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: building codes, property rights (follow up) 
Heh.  Having seen Tim's property, at the edge of a fairly high hill,
that'd be a pretty entertaining freeway....
More to the point, if Tim wanted to rent his spare bedroom to somebody,
there'd be a whole raft of constraints and requirements.
I have one friend whose agreement with his housemate was that
she wasn't a tenant paying rent, because then he'd be a landlord
being regulated and paying income taxes - instead she was a housemate
paying her (large) fair share of the utilities, maid service,
maintenance, swimming pool cleaning, etc.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-09 22:39:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Close Elections and Causality 
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-09 22:39:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
George, you've got to remember not to mess with Winston Smith.
Unlike some people who need killing, yer just gonna get unpersoned....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-09 22:54:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
So far, Wavy Gravy's campaign is still out ahead....
Nobody's winning in Florida!  Nobody's in charge!  Nobody's going to fix the economy!
Nobody's going to shrink the military-industrial complex!
Vote for Nobody!
To some extent that's true - but it's also a lot like blaming airplane accidents on pilot error when the
instrument panel is atrociously designed.
It's not just the pilot's fault. Of course, here, the problem happened because the ballot designers
were trying to make it Easier for the old folks.
There are two or three states where Gore won by a narrow margin over Bush
(typically about 48-49% of the total.)  Bush has hinted that if
the recount overturns this one, he'll push hard for recounts there,
which could get him the electoral votes he needs.
And so it begins....
On the other hand, if Bush squeaks by and wins this by 10 votes,
there'll be a LOT of pressure on the Bush electors to do the
honest thing, admit that Gore really won (because of the 19000 trashed Gore/Buchanan ballots), and vote for Gore.
It only takes 2.  And they don't even HAVE to be from Florida,
though those would be the most appropriate ones to fix it.
Knowing for sure?  No.  But Buchanan's not dumb enough to overestimate
his popularity among a bunch of older Jewish Democrat voters,
though perhaps his protectionism appeals to some Fla. Liberals
as much as Nader's does....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-09 22:58:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Godel & Turing - a final point 
That's fine.  The Satisfiability problem, and in particular 3-SAT,
doesn't claim to be complete or universal.  It's just a very large and
versatile class of Booleans, but it doesn't pretend to contain
Booleans that describe encodings of their own truth values
(unlike this discussion :-)   Just things of the form
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-10 02:45:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
Here in San Francisco, having the Straight Party on the ballot
would be pretty controversial.
Voting for the Dead, on the other one's hand, is just fine.
Currently, however, it's still Nobody for President.
(If New Jersey election laws didn't require the candidate to sign
ballot petitions, I was seriously tempted a few years back to put
Frank Zappa on the ballot for President.  He'd declined somebody's offer
because he had cancer, but it only requires 1000 signatures,
which would be an afternoon or two at Rutgers :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-10 05:19:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [Correction] More blather from the DEMS on FL 
This is Florida.   You could always say you voted for Mickey Mouse,
and because he's a local good ol' boy, they'd figure you *meant* it :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-10 05:19:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A very brief politcal rant 
Heh.  I was worse - I was a Republican, but I have rehabilitated myself.
(Besides, the Republican Party *did* pay for my first illegal drug use...)
Our Quaker meeting back in New Jersey had a few members who'd
come over from Unitarianism, because the Unitarians were too
structured and dogmatic....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-10 05:40:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: A very brief politcal rant 
At 12:51 AM 11/10/00 -0500, Ernest Hua mimed :
My original point still stands. The voters should get
what they
want, unless they want something clearly illegal.
That's a clear
Yup.  And they should get it good and hard....
(Man, your mailer is broken...)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-10 16:13:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Late-postmarked ballots from ZOG-occupied Palestine 
So do military personnel who are officially Florida residents
get Extra Slack on their absentee ballots if they're overseas?
They're as likely to vote for the Ruling Party than Israelis are.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-10 20:20:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Late-postmarked ballots from ZOG-occupied Palestine 
Oh, nonsense.  Sometimes you've got business to do.
Sometimes your family is sick.  Sometimes you're sick.
Oregon's vote-by-mail thing was interesting, if a bit slow,
though as with the Internet, it offers a range of choices
for voting early and often that differ from the go-to-the-polls ones.
BTW, did you leave out a "don't" in that second sentence?
Or did you mean people really *do* give government the (dis)respect
it deserves.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-11 01:07:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
The 20th Amendment was ratified in 1933.  Therefore the 1947 law
implements the " Congress may by law provide for the case" part of the 20th.
(Unfortunately, the Postmaster General is fairly high up the list :-)
The 20th does say that Congress can do whatever they want about it,
so they could easily supersede the 1947 act.  Anyway, Al Haig's in charge.
By the 23rd Amendment ("FDR Reoccurrance Prevention Amendment"),
he can't be _elected_ to win a 3rd term - but that doesn't mean he
can't be appointed, though ....   What a bad idea that would be....
In general, the 23rd trumps previous amendments, as any newer law
supersedes the older one, but it's not clear there's a conflict.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-11 01:09:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
Somebody buy that man a beer!
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-11 01:19:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Greetins from ZOG-occupied Palestine 
extreme Yup.  It's now in the hands of disgruntled Postal Workers.
(And apparently there _has_ been a certain amount of malfeasance
in handling the mail ballots, though it's not clear the P.O. were
directly involved.    And the Postmaster General's on the
succession list, at least in the 1947 version.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-11 04:56:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: low tech surveillance-cam countermeasures in Israel 
Lasers can be good too. APCs do make it harder to use the traditional Anglo-American
approaches techniques developed for speed-trap cameras,
which involve ski masks and spray paint or baseball bats.
But rifles can be fun.
On the other hand, cameras keep getting cheap,
and you can hide radio-equipped web-quality cameras
for nearly no money anywhere you've got electricity,
so getting all (or enough) of them can be harder.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-12 22:50:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: 2:15 am, Eastern Time--The Election Train Wreck 
I disagree.  The House and the Senate will be Republican,
or at least nearly so.  Al Gore with a 100-vote Florida plurality would have an extremely difficult time getting things accomplished in that environment.
(Considering what Al wants to accomplish, that's probably good,
especially since first priority is It's Still The Economy, Stupid.)
George W. with a 100-vote Florida plurality and a minority
popular vote position (with Gore and also Nader to the left of him)
would get no respect at all, but would have a Republican Congress
to make it much easier to accomplish things.  I don't *want*
the military-industrial complex rebuilt (though Nader says that
AlGore likes them as much as Bush does.)  Other than small tax cuts,
nothing I've heard Bush suggest doing sounds worthwhile,
and he does plan to spend more of your money even though he acknowledges that it's yours.  Also, Bush would be under immense
pressure to prove he's not a wimp, so he'd go do something
decisive and Presidential as soon as possible, which is not a good
thing to have lightweights doing.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-13 12:08:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: jabbascript ads on algebra.com 
They worked fine when I looked at it, though Jabbascript is
unreliable enough on Netscape that I may have gotten lucky
(e.g. looked at it when the memory leaks hadn't leaked much,
caches weren't too full, rest of the memory on my pc wasn't
swapping itself to death, etc.)
It's unsafe for the users to enable it, because they might
encounter web pages with malicious or broken scripts,
but when it's well-written it really does work ok,
at least most of the time.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-14 00:54:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
That's nice and trustable.  Neither George Bush nor Al Gore
has the time to watch 100,000,000 ballots counted,
though one could argue that we'd be better off if they couldn't
take office until they'd sat down together and done it,
or until one of them had conceded that the other was more patient :-)
Even counting all the ballots in a large city has to be parallelized.
Of course, political parties are often good at that,
at least parties big enough to be successfully elected.
The difficult problems are making sure that the ballot box wasn't stuffed,
and that the people who voted all existed and were unique,
and that their votes weren't obtained through bribery (though deception is
fine :-)
Here in the US, it's traditional that ballot boxes (where they're used)
are sealed at the polling place and ostensibly only opened with witnesses,
but fraud is nonetheless possible and perhaps still practiced on a small
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-14 01:00:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A secure voting protocol 
The state of Oregon uses vote-by-mail for their elections,
though I think there's an option for physical delivery if you want.
I'd be surprised if they require witnesses - if anything,
that encourages your spouse to look at how you voted.
I've never been required to have witnesses for voting with
absentee ballots in New Jersey or California.
Besides, in places like Chicago or Tammany-era New York City,
it'd be easy for the Party to obtain notaries to witness ballots.
and optionally to put the correct party ballots in the correct box
and the incorrect party ballots in the round container.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-14 17:45:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: BSA deploys imaginary pirate software detector vans 
a few value and licensed established." hardware, but
You don't need a specific radio broadcaster in your PC.
Lots of things leak electrically and radiate signals,
some useful and easy to decode.  Just because it's not useful to YOU
doesn't mean it's not useful to an eavesdropper.
Video cards, monitors and keyboards are among the loudest.
Laptop CRT screens are rumored to be much quieter, but it's not so,
at least for most laptops which have an unshielded VGA plug on them
so you can plug in a real monitor.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-15 09:39:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Florida Electorial defection threat! 
That's one reason that Bush has been working on
overturning election results in other states.
Gore would not only have to win Oregon,
which he probably has,
but not lose any of the other states he's won -
anywhere else would require a lot more defections.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-15 15:33:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: BRITAIN DEPLOYS 'CYBERCOPS' TO FIGHT INTERNET CRIME (Fwd) 
Unnamed Administration Sources forwarded this message about a new Internet-based terrorist group in Offshore Northwestern Europe:

@_date: 2000-11-16 01:28:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Aces high 
Also, somebody on another list was ranting about the
interpretation of the results being "To-MAY-Toe vs. To-MAH-Toe",
and the obvious response was "No, Tomatina!"
A good tomato throwing fight _would_ be a pretty appropriate
way to resolve this election.    You can vote early and often...
Attack of the killer tomatoes!
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-16 03:58:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Fwd:  First Site 
Yes, they referred to it a as a "link", and it works.
Haven't you seen this crap before?  Many spammers use it
for just the reason you suggest, dodging complaints,
because it's too annoying to look up "3638141293" in whois
or write to "abuse" there, unlike looking up stupid.user.bigisp.net.
Netscape accepts it just fine; I assume Internet Exploiter does too,
even though I've never seen it used except by spammers.
Joe Baptista points out that Unix traceroute accepts it:
which I found new and interesting news.
So I checked and Win98's MS-DOS ping and tracert both also support it,
and with tracert, you get name lookup as well.
I disagree with Joe's comment that "The decimal format is part of the way the internet works."
It's not.  It's part of the way the dns name resolver libraries
used by several popular operating systems or application packages work.
The Internet works on DNS name resolution and on IP addresses that are
32-bit binary numbers, and while the standards say you're *supposed* to
display those as dotted-quad decimal for human readability,
they probably don't exactly *require* you not to also accept other formats,
though hex would be much less rude than decimal :-)
I found the following chunk of traceroute interesting:
Looks like either the spammer's got a machine that's using multiple addresses,
one of them a non-routable 10.x address, which makes checking on it hard,
or else it's a NAT box, or else  playing cute tricks to reduce
crackers, using a 10.x network internally so they and their customers
can access their head end routers but people from the real world can't.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-16 04:35:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: CIA proctologists 
evaluation, polygraph interview and an extensive background investigation.
It used to be quite common for big companies to do that,
before the advent of politically-motivated drug testing.
You do want to know if your employees are healthy,
especially if they're doing physical labor or driving or
you're spending a lot of money training them or if you're self-funding your medical insurance program.
Also, the military gives people physicals for similar reasons,
and the CIA's sort of related.
Polygraphs, of course, are bogus.
If they're looking for an Architect Stud, we've got John Young here,
so this post is directed to the right place :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-17 09:11:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Florida reject stats, chad vs. optical 
That'd be pretty Mali-cious.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-17 22:28:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: info 
Normally a message like that would just deserve an ignore or a flame,
but that's approximately where New Jersey Congresscritter Chris Smith lives
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-17 22:46:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Bob's Bank. Hi, I'm Bob. Just slip it in this pocket here. 
That sounds a lot like the DEA estimates of how much the street value
of marijuana plants are ("Let's see, under ideal conditions this plant
could produce 2 kilos of product, and the highest price we've ever seen
for dope was $X/ounce, so this flat of 2" high seedlings is worth
FIVE MILLION DOLLARS!")  I bet the counted or double-counted the money
any time anything moved.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-18 01:27:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Aces high (long reply)  
I would hope that they were only RIFFLING the punchcard ballots,
and not RIFLING them :-)    Depending on whether you take the
latter word to mean shooting holes in them with a rifle
or rooting through them to steal the good stuff,
different political factions may have been involved....
No - Keypunches did a fine job of punching out the chads,
and chads could be later recycled as football-game confetti.
The reason for riffling the decks of cards was to make sure
they were all packed loosely enough that the card reader
would read each card one at a time, not misfeeding or
missing cards because there were two cards stuck together
or (worse) one and a half cards stuck together,
leading to inaccurate results and a big mess you had to clean
out of the card reader.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-18 17:03:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ssz.com network trouble 
I did a traceroute (well, mswindoze tracert, anyway), and got a "destination unreachable" from a machine at realtime.net in Austin.
SSZ has often been unreliable; I think it's connected by ISDN,
and it's raining down in Texas.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-19 12:41:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ssz.com network trouble 
Cyberpass seems to be working fine.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-20 01:20:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Carnivore All-Consuming 
Actually, "most" ISPs probably don't have more than two T3s or OC3s,
because most ISPs are the 5000+ little ones; many only have a few T1s.
But big ISPs are a different issue; any of the Tier 1 providers could
melt a Pentium box if they directed a moderate fraction
of their traffic at it.
The question is how the carnivores tell the ISP's network what
they're looking for, and how much cooperation they need from the ISP.
Most ISP traffic is probably web, not email, and the email that's
actually handled by ISPs (as opposed to just passing through)
is handled by big mail servers that could perhaps be told to
forward all mail for targeted accounts, since they need to do
that level of indentification to handle the mail in the first place.
For email, the big player is of course AOL, followed by
specialized mail providers like iname.com, and the portal sites like Excite, Yahoo, and Hotmail, and a few ISPs like Earthlink/Mindspring.
(The business has gotten sufficiently specialized that I'm not sure
how many of those sites really provide their own service rather than
outsourcing to specialists.)   As with big ISPs, if they cooperate,
the job's possible, and if they don't it's pretty intractable.
If you know your target's IP address, it's a lot simpler -
get the routing protocols to shove their traffic your way
by advertising routes using OSPF, BGP, or whatever.
They do have a nice _little_ network :-)  Actually, most of that fiber
isn't even lit yet, much less full, and much of their bandwidth isn't ISP traffic, it's private line sold to businesses or other ISPs.
The last AT&T marketing hype I saw placed us as  well behind UUNET.
The real bandwidth constraints are mainly the routers - most big ISPs
use Cisco 12000 GSRs or products from Juniper or other emerging competitors,
most of which like to call their products "terabit" routers
because they have reasonably large backplane capacity.
A totally different bandwidth segment is inside the big hosting centers -
Exodus, Globalcenter, etc.  Most of that's Gigabit Ether,
with various brands of switches and routers, and an amazing fraction
of their traffic stays in the building, between different colo customers.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-22 10:26:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ICANN should approve more domains, from Wall Street Journal 
I was disappointed that the IETF Ad Hoc Committee wasn't able
to generate their political clout to get their earlier
7-new-TLD plan implemented a couple years ago.
However, one strong similarity between their plan and ICANN's
is that both first rounds of new TLDs were pretty lame,
and if this wasn't done deliberately, it should have been,
because it's a Good Thing.  It's how you get a practice round
before getting to the far more controversial valuable namespaces,
like .inc, .ltd/gmbh/sa, .mp3, .sex and .microsoft.
The limitations on the number of TLDs aren't particularly technical;
if you allow an infinite number of them, you replicate all the problems with .com under . , and don't have a level of indirection
available to fix them with.   It's worth going slowly.
The more important questions are the openness of the namespaces;
I'm glad that ICANN rejected the WHO's .health and Nader's .union,
because they allow political groups to decide who can join
based on their political correctness positions
(would WHO allow .accupuncture.health?  .joes-herbal-remedies.health?
.snakeoil.health?  .homeopathy.health?  Nader's group wouldn't allow a company-dominated union, and might even have trouble with the Wobblies.)
The $50K application fee was pure exploitation of their position;
I don't think they're making any excuses for that.
The big problem is that it limits the kinds of TLDs that can
be applied for to commercial players - experimental namespace use
like .geo is valuable, and hard to get funding for.
And like taxi monopoly medallions in New York City,
once you've charged somebody big money for their chance,
it's politically difficult to charge somebody else less or nothing later.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-22 15:57:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Missouri AG needing postnatal abortion 
He probably needs to move to a non-US ISP, which won't
feel threatened by a US state attorney general.
But that's quite separate from Nixon's threat to bust *him*
every time a Missourian buys and uses one of his licenses;
as an American, he'd need to get quality legal advice
if he wanted to stay in business.
The American Automobile Association will also sell you
international driver's licenses.  They're quite upfront about
them not being a substitute for a local driver's license
from the US state you live in, and most of all US states
require you to get one of their licenses if you live there
longer than some continuous number of days, typically 15-60.
I have seen somebody selling relatively low priced driver's licenses from Tobago or some other Caribbean island.
That doesn't help you in your US home state, but if you're in
some other US state with a Tobago license and a AAA international
driver's license, that's generally legal and workable.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-22 19:37:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: I need your help for my project!!! 
It's not our *fault*.  Trust us.  Really!
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-22 23:09:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: ssz.com network trouble 
The context of my message was "don't panic if you haven't been able
to connect to SSZ for the last few hours, it happens sometimes";
I wasn't saying "don't trust those unreliable bums" :-)
I agree that's not bad for off the shelf equipment not located at
a heavy-duty colocation facility, though I thought you've also had
the occasional power hit take you down.   ISDN isn't the kind of thing
to use if you're paranoid about not having your connection flake
once in a while, but it's pretty good (if the price is right)
for a mostly-reliable service and is pretty good at self-recovery
if you've got a service provider with multiple dialin locations.
Yup.  Telecom networks often get grouchy about that sort of thing,
especially when they're going out to your house or small business,
and I'd been guessing you were probably having that or a power problem.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-23 17:18:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Entering US without green cards  
Well, you could get US papers, but if that's hard,
and if you haven't overly annoyed the Canadians and can get papers there, the border's extremely permeable.
Our right-wing politicians try real hard to keep Mexicans out,
but somehow Canadians don't bother them. So walk across the Yukon, stagger into Anchorage,
and fly south.
A friend of mine found 20ish years ago that the
price for going past the Soviet/US border guards
was a bottle of booze (give the Americans Stoli,
and the Russkis Jack Daniels...)
Or you can go to DisneyLand and cross the border from there
into California.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-25 08:59:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
Nah - too hard to give them credit when they want it,
so they'd do pseudonyms.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-26 19:39:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: On 60" tonight 
Tim, the guy was taking a break from election results to
actually say something about a cypherpunks topic.
We know the election rigging is in progress, and it looks like
Bush is better at it than Gore.
Ooh, that's nasty.  Hope he does it :-)
In practice, the Statute of Limitations probably applies to
most of the things the Clintons did.  Besides, the Republicans have
used far more slack than they had available in trying to prosecute
Clinton for something/anything/whatever.
Meanwhile, the speaker on CSpan Book Passage is talking about how he and his friends attempted to not be swayed by the
Steve Jobs Reality Distortion Field ("We even had *hand signals*
to warn each other when they were getting sucked in..."  :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-26 19:59:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: powerline 
Any Cypherpunks discussion on the topic would be in the archives,
at  in Singapore.  You're probably better off
looking on a general-purpose web search engine,
or looking at specialized sites such as nwfusion.com or eetimes.com.
I think Nortel developed some of that technology,
but I don't know if they're the latest and hottest stuff.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-28 09:05:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell 
Joshua was Dr. Richard Falken's kid's name,
which Matthew Broderick's character guessed was
the password for his account on WOPR, the computer.
"Would you like to play a game?"
It was also the password for rfalken's free trial
account on the new MCImail service :-)
[I was at the NSA Crypto museum last weekend, and one machine
they had on display was a Connection Machine massively parallel processor.
The Connection Machine has a blinkenlights panel that was
inspired by and resembles WOPR's blinkenlights.]
Agreed - Bell may be frightfully clueless on some things,
but he was quite clear that his system depended on both
untraceable anonymous communications and anonymous digicash,
neither of which existed at that time nor yet today.
Remailers then and now were untraceable as long as nobody was
attacking them (because you can't divulge logs you didn't keep),
but weren't designed for the kind of attack than an
ongoing publicly announced assassination pool would produce.
Bell might have been doing wishful thinking about AP, but the activities he was directly involved in were misuse of
SS numbers (which he pled to), and that common-law court thing
that was harassing government officials (I don't think he
pled to anything on that or on the statute-of-limitations-earlier
stinkbombing of the IRS office.)  But he was ordered not to do
a lot of things which he might or might not have been
careful enough to avoid while keeping tabs on Gordon.
Yeah, right.  They lost their copy and can't find it on the net?
Must be tough to have the cops have a built-in excuse to search your house any time they want to go fishing, and I see they've
decided to accuse him of once buying (legal) chemicals for cooking meth.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-28 09:21:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Imagine 
Oh, my - you're saying that Bush has *credibility* in the rest of the
world?  :-)
This reminds me more of the tail-wagging-the-dog situations that
parliamentary systems get into when some minor religious party
or right-wing-wackos or the Monster Raving Loonie party gets to
tell the bigger party what to do because they need three more seats
for their coalition. Too bad Florida has a winner-takes-all system - under proportional
representation they'd have been done weeks ago, with one electoral vote for Nader, 12 for Gore, and 12 for Bush, and that would fairly accurately reflect the opinions of Florida's voters,
unlike the current situation where the margin of error in the counts
is much wider than the difference between the totals.
And it's not even available as a compromise, because Gore's in the lead
without the Florida votes, so that would give him the election.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-28 09:36:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Wanted TLD operators for the ORSC 
Well, if you're not averse to stirring up trouble (:-),
see if you can find the contact for China's proposed
.[Chinese-Unicode-Character-for-Commercial] TLD,
which they announced would be competing with ICANN's .com
for Chinese-language domain names.
I don't know what the phonetic equivalent of the name is,
but maybe they'd also want somebody to run ".chicom" mirroring it...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-28 16:01:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Internet anonymity/pseudonymity meeting invitation 
The Bay Area Cypherpunks Meetings have had visitors such as
"Lucky Green", "Black Unicorn", "Lawrence from Boulder", "Ogre",
"John Doe  multiple "Tim May"s and Detweilers, "Hey You", and
people who either didn't mention their names or gave plausible-sounding names that didn't trigger the "obvious pseudonym" test.
Some of those people have used other names at the meeting as well;
it was quite a while before Lucky decided to let his other
well-known name overlap into Cypherpunks namespace,
and Black Unicorn has used several names in various contexts.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-29 02:07:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Vinge 
*Is* it finally about to appear?  It's been just about to appear
Real Soon Now for the last couple of years, I gather due to
Stupid Publisher Tricks.  It'd be nice if it finally happens.
Meanwhile, A Local Cypherpunk has my copy (relatively large print
paperback, found for about $4 in a used book store);
there was at some point a plot to scan and OCR the thing,
though I'm not sure that ever materialized.
My wife used to program for a calendar publishing company,
located upstairs from the used book store operated by the same people.
The bookstore was an expensive habit, subsidized by the real business; fortunately the size of the place (large but full)
put limits on the owners' bookbuying frenzies :-)
Of course, if you're in the SF Bay Area and *want* to work in
a used bookstore, there's a local religious cult that runs
a really good one in downtown Mountain View.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-29 10:24:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lost password 
Newbie, eh?  We probably haven't discussed this for a month or so.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-29 15:09:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Survey meters. 
I thought it was entertaining - usually we get kiddies trolling
for how to make little b*mbs.  This one's trolling for help in making really big ones :-)
My opinions on where most of the abuse comes from range from
- Kiddies who actually want to make b*mbs or other K00L Anarkey Stuff.
- Kiddies who've got something scrawled on a virtual bathroom wall saying that
- Cops, clueless or otherwise, trolling for business.
- Cypherpunks sending Hidden Stego Messages in the b*mb requests :-)
- Variations on the "subscribe the cypherpunks list to lots of spam" guys.
I suspect it's mainly the second group.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-30 12:01:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Imagine 
At 11:04 AM 11/29/00 -0800, Steve Schear wrote a message that was
in some HTML format that Eudora badly choked over when trying to reply.
It was possible to save it with all the random font change garbage
and funny characters, but not to just send a text reply.
Steve, or whoever The Blue Writer is, says "Correction. He was declared the winner by the fact that he has received 271 of the needed 270 electoral votes."
Bush hasn't received them.  Not only have the Electors not voted yet,
but Florida hasn't selected their electors yet.  They're still
haggling about whether the votes should all be counted,
and the Republicans have done a good job of preventing any recounts from being finished (or used), to the extent of organizing
riots outside the Miami/Dade election office.
They're also trying to decide what to do about the 19000 double-punch ballots
(probably unfixable), and the 15000 absentee ballot applications that
were allegedly criminally altered by the Republicans
(10000 were voted for Bush, 5000 for Gore).
Then there were the 12000 mainly black voters whose registrations were
disqualified incorrectly because they were allegedly felons, based on a database provided by a company whose parent company gave a six-figure contribution to the Republican Party - about 8000 of those
people got back on the voter rolls, and probably not all of the
other 4000 would have voted, but they were much more likely to
have voted Democrat.
I'm not saying the double-punched ballots were Republican fraud;
it looks a lot more like Democrat incompetence in the ballot design,
though it's been suggested that they could also have been from
Democrat attempts at fraud (punch a spike through the Gore hole,
and it won't invalidate any ballots already marked for Gore,
but will invalidate any ballots voting for other candidates.)
The "bunch of elementary school kids had no trouble" press release
is fun, but bogus.  If the teacher had told the kids
"Vote for Gore and Lieberman" instead of "Vote for Gore",
they'd have been much more likely to make a mistake.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-30 15:29:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CNN.com - U.S. Supreme Court strikes down drug 
Of course, when somebody sends _just_ the URL,
with no accompanying explanation of what it's about or why
it's worth the time looking it up and reading it,
we also rant them out for not including at least the first
paragraph or a sentence or two of commentary  :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-11-30 16:31:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: online copy of Vinge's True Names 
Netscape 4.7x choked on it.
Internet Exploder loads it just fine.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-01 01:28:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Re: Shunning, lesbians and liberty 
There are a few causes, some the fault of government, some not.
First of all, the weather here (and most of the California coast
south of here) is much better than inland - it's hard to freeze to death.
If you're going to be homeless, it's a lot better here than
New York or Wisconsin.  And the city's relatively tolerant of bums,
in spite of occasional mayoral progams to make them go away.
Another is the government's policy on mental health funding -
some years ago, they started dumping previously-government-funded
mental patients on the streets, even if they were somewhat crazy.
Then there's the price of black-market heroin - some of the homeless I know are drunks; others are junkies when they can
afford junk.  San Francisco housing is expensive enough even if
you're not spending your welfare check on the black market.
Then of course there's the problem that San Franciscans
don't like new buildings in their back yards, whether they're
businesses or houses, especially yuppie houses or
apartments for poor people.  And they don't like landlords,
so it's seldom worthwhile to go through the hassle and expense
of getting permits to build apartments that'll get rent-controlled.
So the price of existing housing goes through the roof,
and anybody in a rent-controlled place can't afford to move
to a non-rent-controlled place.  And business rents go way up,
so warehouses and other marginal buildings get replaced with condos,
and live-work spaces get used for offices instead of residences.
Meanwhile, of course, San Franciscans are Liberals who don't want
anybody living in substandard housing, so non-city-funded flophouses
tend to get closed down or remodeled into yuppie housing,
and small cheap crowded tenement housing isn't legal either.
It wasn't very good, but it was better than being on the streets.
Of course, some of the fires in local flophouses really _have_
been caused by smoking in bed, as opposed to creative avoidance
of laws against tearing down buildings to build better ones.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-03 13:21:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: A famine averted... 
Doesn't make sense.  If the government imposed rationing, that would have
kept a few people from buying up everything, or if they required the
price to be very high, it would do that, but I assume you're saying they
artificially kept the price low - in that case, it's *easier* for somebody
to buy up everything and hoard it.
Duh - basic supply and demand.  Major disasters imply that obtaining more
stuff in the near future will be difficult or impossible, so buyers
have an incentive to pay more money to get anything they can right now,
and sellers have an incentive to ask for more money for the stuff they've got.
If the sellers gouge too hard, they risk alienating customers and losing
future business to their competitors, but the goods they have are worth
more now.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-03 19:13:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
No, its ONLY job is to do whatever the operator says it will do.
You can choose to use it or not based on that.
However, if you allow non-encrypted email in or out,
you are enabling traffic analysis, so by your assertion,
failing to require encrypted outgoing mail is wrong.
Algorithms the users must know, and don't, lead to random failures,
low reliability, complaints to the admins, and people not using the remailer.
That regulatory mechanism is called the market :-) (even in a gift economy.)
There are several remailer-pinging services out there, and unless they fall into the category of things the remailer supports,
the reliability numbers they report on the remailer will be quite low.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-03 20:48:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
Sure are - it's a followon to Peter Trei's message dated
Tue, 3 Oct 2000 10:48:07 -0400 which said
= I would like to suggest that a remailer could eliminate nearly all it's = problems by only sending out encrypted mails - that is, if after = removing the encryption that was applied using it's own private
= key, it finds that the result is plaintext, it simply drops the message.
That's a remailer checking outgoing mail to be sure it's encrypted,
as well as checking incoming mail.
On incoming messages, it's easy to tell if it's encrypted to *you* -
decrypt it with your private keys, job's done.  If you don't recognize
the algorithm, the message wasn't for you.
Hmmm.  That's a more interesting problem - this does seem to have the
tradeoff that if you want to get messages sent to you using stego,
you shouldn't use a remailer that has a PGP-out-only policy.
On the other hand, mail from a known Cypherpunks Anonymous Secret
Message Remailer adds a certain amount of suspiciousness anyway.
You want to get your stego messages from "Fred's GIF-of-the-Day" or
"Pirate-Muzick-R-Us" or something that's a better cover story -
so make sure those sites accept incoming PGP mail.
If you can reliably find it, it's not very good stego :-)
Open source stego that's not key-based has inherent weaknesses -
the eavesdroppers can easily extract the message from the cover text,
so the message needs to be binary random-looking noise which
somewhat plausibly belongs in the message (e.g. low bits of sound samples.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-03 21:33:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
Doesn't work - many mail packages will encode non-printable characters
in ASCII, either with MIME or UUENCODE or hex or whatever,
and many encryption packages, like PGP, do that already.
If you require PGP Encryption, you can look for the line.  That still gets you into trouble with MIME if you're not careful,
so either be careful or don't :-)
The only way you can really tell if something is encrypted
is for a human to look at it.  Otherwise people will figure out
that they can send messages saying But still, you can keep out all but really determined abusers,
and all but incredibly determined spammers.
(Even basic encryption will keep out almost all spammers.)
(You could check that the whole message follows PGP syntax,
but without knowing at least one decryption key you can't tell
if it's valid or if they wrote the abuse on top of an otherwise
syntactically correct encrypted message.)
If you want to get fancier, you can also limit destinations to known remailers
or to people who've replied to a "You have anonymous mail - return this cookie
if you want to receive it. " request.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-03 22:03:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: one time pad and random num gen 
The internal state of the PRNG is precisely the question.
In a PRNG-based cryptosystem, there are N bits of key,
and if you know them, you can crack the rest of the message.
There are a variety of attacks, including chosen plaintext,
chosen cyphertext, known plaintext, etc. that can tell you
different amounts of information about the key or message.
Some cryptosystems are quite strong, and make the work of guessing
the key based on known quantities too large to be solvable.
Others are quite weak, and mathematicians being the devious sorts
that they are, they can often find ways to exploit the weaknesses.
With a one-time pad, the state of the cryptosystem is as large
as the message itself - you've got one key bit applied independently
on each bit of message.  There is no state of the system that's
smaller than the message itself, and no way to tell if any bit you guess is valid or not, because there's one key bit that will
produce a 0 for it and one that produces a 1.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-03 22:14:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
Remember that we're talking about detecting spam on *outgoing* messages -
any incoming messages have to be encrypted also, which is too much work
for almost all most spammers, and requires them to do computation on
each message (especially if you only output one outgoing message per
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-04 03:42:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
Interesting idea, but far more trouble and CPU than it's worth,
especially if you handle all the cases of MIME-encoded and UUencoded stuff.
Also, it'll probably decide GIFs, JPEGs, MP3s, and WAVs are encrypted data.
It's not going to stop all the harassers either,
just force them to be more clever, while slightly decreasing the
reliability of your remailer.  It's probably better to use
simple detection of encryption (look for the headers)
and put in your own Subject: and header lines advising the recipient
that it's an anonymous message and how to block it,
which will take care of most of the anklebiters and
let you be really apologetic to the recipient about how the abuser is trying real hard to work around your protections.
  Subject: Anonymous Message - Info at At some point, you might decide that Type I remailers aren't really secure enough, and just run Mixmaster anyway.  Then most of this goes away.
The place I found that remailers really get into trouble is Usenet.
It's not the messages directly to the harasser, it's things like forged flamebait sent to gay newsgroups or rec.pets.cats.
Limiting yourself to encrypted output makes it hard to post.
If you're going to post directly to Usenet, it's safe to append and
prepend a bunch of disclaimers to the message body (since nobody
reads headers) about how this was an anonymous message, it's untraceable,
there aren't any records, it's probably forged anyway, and the web page for complaints and instructions is
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-05 09:52:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: stego for the censored 
MP3s are probably a better approach, though somebody has to write a
decent MP3 stego program.   Live concert recordings are good cover,
since they get around the problems of intellectual property (usually)
and the problems of visible differences between widely available
recordings with or without stego (and they have lots of background noise.)
Peter Wayner did a paper a while back on "Mimic Functions" - ways of
encoding data in material that matches cover text using whatever level
of detailed grammar productions you want to use.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-05 21:41:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Spam free secure email accounts. 
8-bit-alphabet plaintext looks like plaintext.
It's easier to recognize popular languages - short bunches of letters separated by spaces.  Less popular languages that use
8-bit alphabets still have easily detected statistics that
are much different from uniformly-distributed cyphertext.
Languages with N-byte characters are much harder -
you have to decide whether to look at Unicode,
(2-byte's bad enough; variable-byte is worse),
otherwise you'll get totally hosed on your chi-squares.
Things that start with popular magic numbers like gif89 also look like plaintext (though they may in fact be stego.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-06 03:16:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
I'm not sure that there will be a HavenCo remailer;
the alternative is a some-customer-of-HavenCo remailer,
or a some-customer-of-a-HavenCo-hosting-customer remailer.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-06 03:16:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers 
That's not something the remailer should be doing - that's something
that the user sending the message should be doing.  If the remailer list shows what jurisdiction the remailer is in, that makes it easier for the user to determine,
but it's the user's choice.  Of course, if the remailer _always_ adds its own encrypt-and-mail hop,
sending to another remailer in another jurisdiction, that's transparent
to the user and a good thing (as long as it can avoid mail loops.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-06 17:20:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Rijndael & NTRU 
While I'm not aware of many companies doing anything about it,
it's not really that tough - all of the algorithms had
relatively similar parameters and sizes and calling requirements, and they were required to provide reference editions.
So you should be able to write a couple of routines like
and plug in the reference editions with some format-munger glue.
Tuning the algorithms for your hardware and software environment is more work, and maybe you want to wait till there's a winner,
but you get to claim you were way ahead of the curve by
announcing support the day of the announcement...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-06 23:26:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: VP debate drinking game 
... Ahh - for when you tired of the *lesser* of two evils :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-07 13:12:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: stego for the censored 
There are better compression mechanisms available -
AT&T's a2bmusic compression system claimed to use about
half the bandwidth for equivalent audio quality,
by using better models of human hearing in their algorithms,
and I think SDMI and one of Sony's formats also do something like that.
The catch is that most of them also include copy protection systems,
with the attempted tradeoff of "better compression for copy protection"
and they haven't been able to overcome the popularity of MP3
(as much because of Napster as because of copy protection, I suspect.)
There are two ways to hide stego text in MP3 or JPEG.
One is before the compression - figure out the kind of sound/picture
data that will survive the compression mechanism, which is very hard, but more useful for watermarking.
The other is after the compression - where you have to
find methods that won't mess up the decompressed version,
which may be hard, but either you might not care about the
decompressed quality (depends on your threat model)
or there might be ways to encode stuff that's either
comment-like, so not decompressed at all, or only affects very small parts of the decompressed.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-07 13:30:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: stego for the censored 
The point is that each message doesn't have decryptable cyphertext.
It only has a secret-share that no recipient can decode until they have enough shares of the same message,
even if the KGB rubber-hoses them, and the KGB cryptanalysts
won't be able to find anything more than random noise in the message
because with <K shares, that's all you can get.
Now random noise may also be suspicious, but it's less suspicious
than something that's got more structure to it.
Even if they do suspect the recipient and seize his computer,
they'll only get old messages, not the new partially-received ones.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-10 23:12:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ralph Nader sends privacy survey to Bush and Gore campaigns 
The Commies could always recognize the FBI plants in their groups
because they were the ones who paid their organization dues....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-10 23:22:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: FBI: We Need Cyber Ethics Education 
Tim's spoof got to me before the original did,
and I'd read about halfway through before noticing that
it was probably a spoof and then noticing it was from Tim :-)
That's the problem with stuff that's too realistically written...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-10 23:36:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Warrantless Searches, S.2516 
Cops at Door:  Open Up! Bang! Thud! Thud! Th...
Person inside opens door Cops in Room: thud! Trip! *&)(!*&$ Person inside: Let's see your warrant:
Cops in Room:  We don't need no stinkin' Warrants, we got ourselves
Person inside: OK, then.  Let's see your fishing license.....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-12 04:11:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Think cash 
Blind humans aren't always good at recognizing screen images.
Neural networks are good at recognizing things.
Sometimes more precisely defined algorithms are good too.
Some examples of recognition systems - you can look in the archives
for pointers to the UCBerkeley "Naked People Finder",
which does a reasonably accurate job of distinguishing whether
pictures on the internet contain naked people.  The people who
did the research on that also designed the "Incredible Horse Finder",
which identifies horse pictures on the net.
I remember that those systems did a lot of modelling;
I don't remember if they also did neural nets or not.
If they wanted to describe shapes of dogs and cats and differentiate between them, it would be relatively doable.
There's also a company out there that does "passfaces" -
they pop up 9 pictures of people's faces, and you identify
which one is in the set that's you password-equivalent.
They do about 4 rounds of this, with random sets of faces;
it's closer to a PIN than a real passphrase in strength,
because they thought that was enough for their problem space.
An interesting aspect of it is that humans are very good at
recognizing faces, but not usually that good at describing them,
so it's hard to give somebody else your passface set.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-12 18:27:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Multi-part security solutions (Was: Re: Rijndael & Hitachi) 
Intrusion detection is important.  Also, if it doesn't cost significantly more, you might as well
use the Medeco lock on the glass door, or use 128-bit RC4 instead of 40-bit.
Besides, the Medeco lock is probably more durable than the El Cheapo,
and less likely to jam in an unlocked position.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-12 18:36:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Make legal threats, go to jail for 20 years cpunk 
Blackmail was already illegal; this just makes some kinds of
blackmail a Federal crime with enhanced penalties,
which I'm not convinced is particularly necessary.
The kind of abuse that's been in the papers that's probably what
this law is designed to make a show of opposing is
illegal immigrants being kept in indentured servitude by the coyotes who import them.  It's mostly Asians working in
the garment industry in California, but there are probably
other large groups like this as well.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-12 21:10:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Burglar Politics, Tempesting PC's that watch TV and DVD 
Here's an empirical result, if we can ignore theory a minute :-)
A few years ago, I was using my laptop a few feet away from
my parents' TV set, and text from my laptop showed up on the screen.
It was shredded into a couple of pieces, because the sync was hosed,
but it was quite identifiable as my text, so a spook with good
equipment shouldn't have much trouble reading it.
If you want more details, dredge the cypherpunks archives.
One of the issues is that most laptops have video ports
on the back to allow you to plug in real monitors,
and if you don't have anything plugged in, they're sitting there
with raw pins pointing out.  I'm not sure if my PC was in
"use both displays" mode or "only use the LCD" mode -
most laptops don't have an indicator other than "the LCD is dark"...
Among other things, most laptops are designed so that the PC model of display card interface is maintained,
so it's transparent to software that's poking around where it shouldn't.
Palmtops probably behave differently, but I wouldn't trust them either.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-13 01:59:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: New OLD cryptograph patent for NSA 
It's often hard to tell whether a physical object violates
a given patent or not - bitspace is often pretty subtle stuff,
especially if it's manufacturing methods rather than end results
that are the subject of the patent.
But increasingly, the interesting patents are (gak) software,
(gak gak) algorithms, and (gak phfft) business methods,
all of which are basically bits that are potentially easy to make untraceable.
Sure, if you actually have to ship somebody the infringing code
on a CDROM or DVD, then there's some traceability,
but that's decreasingly interesting as a distribution method.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-13 10:25:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gov. Bush links Columbine massacre to Internet use 
Back in 1984, I decided it was more important to vote for the
anti-Reagan Democrat than to vote for the disorganized-again Libertarians;
it was annoying that the Dems couldn't come up with anybody less
tacky than Walter Mondale, but it would be better than getting
four more years of Reagan/Bush wars and probably another 4-8 of Bush.
All my vote accomplished was telling the Democrats that next time
they should pick yet another loser to throw the election,
though we fortunately ended up getting rid of Bush earlier,
replacing an evil president with one who doesn't have enough
principles to be consistently evil.  Not doing that again.
If you want to vote for somebody to stop Gore, rather than
voting your conscience, it's probably more valuable to vote for Nader - he's no prize, but the Democrats deserve to get split.
In some ways, it's too bad that Buchanan got the Reform nomination
instead of Jesse, since that would have made splitting the Republicans possible also, but Buchanan does mean that the
Libertarians have a chance of beating the Reform party this time...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-13 10:45:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gov. Bush links Columbine massacre to Internet use 
Feh.  Voting for the occasional crazy may be worthwhile
(like Ross Perot, who may have been a scary guy but was
no worse than Bush; Clinton may have been scary before the fact
but in practice turned out surprisingly good, in large part because
his personal ethics problems kept him tied up all the time.)
Causing more evil mainly gets more sheeple in the mood for evil -
Germany's hundred-plus years of militarism and National and International Socialism wasn't worth the cost.
Yeah - but you do that by drinking ipecac, not by drinking Everclear.
Like, gag me with a spoon....
Let's see - the generation that brought us the Income Tax, Prohibition,
"Separate but Equal" Supreme Court support for mandatory segregation, The War To End All Wars, Teddy Roosevelt/Hearst Newspapers invading Cuba,
Schenck busted for speaking against the draft before the US joined WW1
and the Supreme Court voting that his conviction was just fine,
the destructive reparations against Germany that led to the
rise of fascism, pro-inflation Populists, monopolies and trust-busters...
Most people from that day would feel right at home,
except for little details like cars and MTV and lack of decent trains,
and the government bribing sheeple wholesale instead of Tammany retail.
There are a few differences - the union movement has wimped out,
with the AFLCIO as a conservative establishment-joining bargaining group, compared with the Wobblies and other real strikers,
and by now more people believe that Communism is bad,
and they've got mixed feelings about working for big companies instead of running small businesses themselves after most of a century.
But mostly it's the same old same old.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-16 00:42:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Rijndael & Hitachi 
Or a snowball, or a baseball.  When I was in college,
you could tell which dorms had lacrosse players in them
by the number of broken windows.  Someone else
Deploy that widely enough and you'll increase BB-gun sales radically.
Poisoning a whole household by cracking the cyanide window is bad,
but blowing up the whole window with one little pellet could be fun,
if you're into that sort of thing.
and a clearer head
Burglar alarms are another good approach - if the glass gets broken,
make sure everybody knows about it real fast.
One of my neighbors in college had somebody break into her
apartment by breaking the back picture window.
They stole her TV and one of her two pot plants;
she had to hide the other one in the car while the cops were there.  We presumed they couldn't carry both
pot plants on top of the TV.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-16 00:46:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Authority - is it a useful concept today and in the 
>
Do you mean "Is threatening people with violence to get them to obey you a morally acceptable form of behavior" is the question, or
do you mean "Does threatening people with violence successfully
get what you want often enough that it's worth the risk of having them fight back, or do the peasants usually do a lousy job
if you keep whipping them so it's not worth the bother"?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-16 00:52:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: New penalties to silence whistle blowers 
David Lesher forwarded the following to Cyberia-L
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
October 13, 2000
**      CONGRESS ADOPTS OFFICIAL SECRETS ACT
CONGRESS ADOPTS OFFICIAL SECRETS ACT
Congress yesterday approved the Intelligence Authorization Act for
FY 2001, including a provision that criminalizes the disclosure
of any information that the executive branch says is properly
It is a breathtaking removal of checks and balances on the
executive branch, and an undeserved endorsement of the highly
arbitrary national security classification system.  It is part
of the worst intelligence bill ever legislated, adopted by one
of the worst congresses in the country's history.
"This provision marks the first time that Congress has placed
the full force of criminal law behind the executive branch's
classification system," said Rep. Nancy Pelosi on the House
floor yesterday.
"This ... will create, make no mistake about it, with not one
day of hearings, without one moment of public debate, without
one witness, an official secrets act," said Rep. Bob Barr. "For
those who do not know what an official secrets act is, it is
something that we have never had in this country. It has been
broached many times, particularly in the Cold War era. But our
regard for constitutional civil liberties, our regard for the
first amendment ... has in every case in which an effort has been
made to enact an official secrets act beaten back those efforts."
Until now.  Yesterday's House floor debate on the Intelligence
Authorization Act is posted here:
 Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
Email:  saftergood at igc.org
------ End of forwarded message -------
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-16 02:40:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Fw: [Fwd: Markierte Musik: SDMI Crack] 
Heh.  That's the fun thing about Internet scale when
trying to keep information secret - even with a mass boycott by the
open-souce community against a request for cracking
or massive obedience to license restrictions on reverse-engineering,
it only takes one skilled person (or in this case several)
to totally shred the secrecy of a technically bad design.
Copy protection is a fundamentally hard problem - if you've got a secure processor, with a built-in private key
that can execute commands sent to it public-key encrypted,
or that has a public key built in and only executes commands
signed by the public key, that outputs directly in analog
(or directly to a D/A converter if your threat model
doesn't include people snarfing each tune from hardware)
you can probably make it work.  That's similar to what
we'd need to do really secure voice communications.
Or if you've got sound cards with different secret keys on each card that only play tunes individualized for that card
(so you send your serial number, credit card, and tune request
to PayRIAA.com and it gives you an E-MP3 for your player,
not usable with any other player you've got.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-16 09:46:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
That's unfortunately a potentially serious problem given current practice.
Most remailer keys are unsigned, or at best self-signed, so the only
way to know if a key is the real one is to compare it with the first announcement of the remailer on the remailer-operators list -
which as far as I know isn't archived anywhere.  *Sloppy* practice, and not hard to change if people wanted to.  And some remailers occasionally change their keys,
either for periodic hygiene or because they lost a disk drive,
or at least there are announcements to the list claiming they have,
usually not even signed with the old key.
Of course, no Bad Guy would *ever* think of eavesdropping the
PGP.com or MIT keyservers to do traffic analysis on key requests.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-16 14:43:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Wireless Location Technology for 3G - Nortel / 
Big Brother will know where you are.
Advertisers will know where you are.
But will *you* know where you are?  Or when they know where you are?
Nortel Networks, Cambridge Positioning Systems Plan to Develop Location
Technology BARCELONA, Spain - Nortel Networks* [NYSE/TSE: NT] and Cambridge
Positioning Systems (CPS) have signed a letter of intent to jointly develop
Location Technology for 3G (UMTS) wireless networks. The resulting products, to be developed once the parties successfully
negotiate a final license agreement, will provide location-based, value-added
services for 3G network operators. CPS will develop Location Technology based on the Observed Time
Difference of Arrival (OTDOA) standard. This is an extension of its success
in promoting the 2G equivalent - Enhanced Observed Time Difference
(E-OTD). Nortel Networks will integrate and market CPS products into its e-mobility*
Location Center, part of an end-to-end solution for Wireless Internet. Nortel
Networks believes that OTDOA will become a powerful location method that
will have minimal cost impact on both handsets and infrastructure. Nortel Networks e-mobility Location Center is a pivotal component in the
next generation Wireless Internet. The e-mobility Location Center is the
intelligent hub/gateway between a suite of location determination
technologies and mobility applications and services. Nortel Networks
strategy is to pursue an open standard and standards compliant universal
platform that will enable integration of best-in-class location determination
technologies. This will allow Nortel Networks to provide a fully tested and
integrated, carrier grade, end-to-end solution for location determination,
management and interface into value-added applications and services.
In a recent study, the Strategis Group projected a mobile location market
estimated at more than US$30 billion in 2005. "We are driving the evolution of a profitable, new high-performance Internet,"
said Alastair Westgarth, vice president, Wireless Internet, Nortel Networks.
"With this effort, CPS and Nortel Networks will be able to provide consumers
and businesses with speedy downloads of location-based services on mobile
devices, whether they be mobile phones, handheld devices or laptop
computers." "This letter of intent today builds on the work in 2G that we have been
concluding with Nortel Networks," said Chris Wade, chief executive officer,
Cambridge Positioning Systems. "We believe that location enablement will
be a fundamental technology platform for 3G networks." Cambridge Positioning Systems Limited (CPS) is a company focusing on
the provision of Mobile Location systems and services for mobile phone
users. CPS has two product streams to its business: its high accuracy
location technology called Cursor and a wide range of location-based
applications for corporate and consumer use called Coverge. Visit us at
 Nortel Networks is a global Internet and communications leader with
capabilities spanning Optical, Wireless, Local Internet and eBusiness. The
Company had 1999 U.S. GAAP revenues of US$21.3 billion and serves
carrier, service provider and enterprise customers globally. Today, Nortel
Networks is creating a high-performance Internet that is more reliable and
faster than ever before. It is redefining the economics and quality of
networking and the Internet, promising a new era of collaboration,
communications and commerce. Visit us at  Certain information included in this press release is forward-looking and is
subject to important risks and uncertainties. The results or events predicted
in these statements may differ materially from actual results or events.
Factors which could cause results or events to differ from current
expectations include, among other things: the impact of price and product
competition; the dependence on new product development; the impact of
rapid technological and market change; the ability of Nortel Networks to
make acquisitions and/or integrate the operations and technologies of
acquired businesses in an effective manner; general industry and market
conditions and growth rates; international growth and global economic
conditions, particularly in emerging markets and including interest rate and
currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of consolidations in the
telecommunications industry, the uncertainties of the Internet; stock market
volatility; the ability of Nortel Networks to recruit and retain qualified
employees; and the impact of increased provision of customer financing by
Nortel Networks. For additional information with respect to certain of these
and other factors, see the reports filed by Nortel Networks with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission. Nortel Networks disclaims
any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
*Nortel Networks, the Nortel Networks logo, the Globemark and e-mobility
are trademarks of Nortel Networks. Contact for Press and Analysts: Beatrice Germain
Nortel Networks
33 6 85 74 35 65
germainb at nortelnetworks.com
Susan Kwon
Nortel Networks
skwon at nortelnetworks.com
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-16 19:38:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
I've reordered several sections of the discussion.
Back tracing is only necessary if They weren't eavesdropping
in the first place.   Remember that the goal of remailers
is to prevent serious attackers from tracing traffic,
not just to prevent complainers from succeeding.
If you allow unencrypted incoming traffic, you lose.
If you allow unencrypted outgoing traffic, you also lose,
unless the destination is a public Usenet forwarder or something.
The only unencrypted email you should be delivering to
normal recipients is something like
Eric Hughes and Raph Levien did some work a few years ago
indicating that message sizes may be enough to analyze
traffic flows in a Type I remailer network anyway -
you need to go with Mixmaster or maybe even Pipenets for security.
Of course, no Bad Guy would *ever* think of eavesdropping the
PGP.com or MIT keyservers to do traffic analysis on key requests.
If the spammer can get a gateway to do the work of fetching keys
and encrypting messages for millions of spam targets,
the gateway is probably toast for a few weeks anyway.
Remember that the spammer has all the time they want for
pre-computation - they're only vulnerable once they start
sending out mass quantities of messages.
(On the other hand, what spammers do lack is clues and creativity.)
It used to be possible to extract keys from the PGP keyservers,
which meant that a low-tech spammer could nab 5-20000 email addresses
and a high-tech spammer could also nab that many crypto keys.
I've heard people say there are over a million keys in the current LDAP servers; I haven't explored whether it's easy to
bulk extract them (e.g. query on "email address includes '
If you wanted to build a custom crypto-spamware for this volume,
you've got a few advantages over vanilla PGP.
The bulk of the mail message is the same for everybody,
so there's no need to encrypt the body multiple times -
just encrypt it once and use the same symmetric key for each,
and only do the public-key part separately for each target.
If there are message parts that do change, e.g. the
encrypted part contains the "Request-Remailing-To: target37 at wherever.com"
and the remailer doesn't enforce encrypted-outgoing-only,
you can still make it work by exploiting CBC's self-synchronization.
Set up the message so the variable line is padded to a
whole number of cypher blocks (e.g. N*8 byte) ending with two of
whichever Carriage Return/Linefeed you need,
then two more blocks of disposable junk, then more real text
(again, probably starting with CR/LF), and the CBC will misdecrypt the
disposable blocks but sync up again afterwords.  Ugly, but shouldn't
be particularly destructive, if you can survive the occasional unprintables.
This lets you only do hard work for the public-key encryption
and the symmetric-key parts that surround it, without having
to do symmetric-key encryption on the whole message every time.
It's much tougher to pull this off for something
that needs to create good cyphertext as its output,
so it's much tougher to trick remailers with encrypted-outgoing-only.
You at least have to duplicate encryption for more PGP header,
but you might be able to get past it into the message body safely.
If you're doing a long spam, it may still be worthwhile,
though if all you're sending is two blinking multicolored lines of
you probably weren't creative enough to have done this much work :-)
There are two problems - spammers and harassers.   The prevalent cypherpunks remailer attitudes toward spammers
seems to be keeping them from overwhelming your resources
and making sure complaints about spam go to /dev/null or the
apology autoresponder instead of your real mailbox,
but more serious harassers can get you shut down faster.
A harassment apology autoresponder helps a bit,
but encrypted-only-outgoing radically reduces the threat,
and keeps most of the spammers abusing other people.
If you're running your own Tier 1 ISP, and you host Spamford,
you can become the next Dead AGIS, but it takes a *lot* of complaint.
If you're running your own small ISP, you're relatively safe,
but enough complaints can get your Tier 1 upstreams to drop you.
But if you're just a customer, your ISP may have some tolerance level
but a determined abuser can still get you shut down.
Middleman remailers don't get complaints except about resource utilization - Peter had addressed the issue that
exit remailers need some protection from spam complaints,
but for middle remailers you just don't need to worry.
(You still need encrypted outgoing for security,
but if your output only goes to remailers that enforce
encrypted incoming you don't need to implement anything yourself,
though it doesn't hurt you.)
PGP web of trust works fine, just a bit slower from there.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-16 22:07:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Stop spam! 
Cypherpunks works like any anarchy.  *You're* running cypherpunks.
If you want something done the way you want it done, *do it*
and get other people to help you.
Also, given that the list has been around for almost a decade,
and has archives, you might consider seeing if it's been discussed.
You shouldn't have to search back more than a month....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-18 04:47:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: cypherpunks archives: re: Stop spam! 
Not strictly true - Murphy says that the stuff you
*really* wanted to find in the archives was in the
bit that fell through the cracks when somebody's
disk crashed or power went out for a day :-)
One of the main cypherpunks archives is in Singapore,
on inet-one.com  .
Also, cypherpunks is occasionally gatewayed to Usenet groups,
which have been archived since the Dawn Of Time.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-18 05:24:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Think Cash 
They're also tough for people with different language/culture backgrounds from the author to solve.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-19 02:19:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted?   (NP-Completeness, cracking 
At Tue, 17 Oct 2000 17:39:13 -0700  Nathan Saper  wrote
Data storage probably requires at least an atom,
or at least one electron, or at least one quark.
There are only so many spare ones of these in the universe.
Speed's a fuzzier issue - Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle
limits how closely you can know the velocity and location simultaneously,
plus there are speed-of-light limits on how fast communications
between particles can occur, given that the distances are non-zero.
There have also been calculations on energy requirements for
computation (don't remember the rationale; probably in Schneier 2nd Ed.)
Quantum Black Magic may provide ways to cheat on this,
by creating a set of problems for which the waveform has a high probability of collapsing in the correct state.
(It's also possible to get wrong answers, but NP-hard problems are easy to verify quickly.)
However, extracting the result from the system requires
measuring to a precision corresponding to the number of bits
you're trying to extract from the system - I'm not convinced there's
a way to cheat Heisenberg, in which case you're limited to ~150 bits
(compared to the current resolution of ~5 bits :-)
There's no current mathematical proof that P!=NP, or that factoring is in the hard set of problems (unlike Linear Programming, which Karmarkar et al. showed
could be done in big-ugly-polynomial time, though
in practice the Simplex method almost always was fast enough.)
Also, most symmetric crypto is based on the principle that
it tweaks bits in sufficiently ugly ways that it breaks up any
more efficient cracking methods other than exponential brute force.
It is the other way around.  By showing that some known NP-complete
problem is reducible to Your Problem (using polynomial work), you've shown that any polynomial-time solution to Your Problem
solves the known NP-complete problem in (bigger) polynomial time,
and therefore solves all NP-complete problems.  To prove NP-completeness, you also have to prove that Your Problem is polynomial-time reducible to a (possibly different) known NP-complete problem (thence to all others).
(There are also variants like P-Space Completeness,
which came out after I left grad school, which are a bit broader
than NP-completeness.)
"NP-hard" is a fuzzy term - it includes NP-complete problems,
plus things that aren't formulated as decision problems
(like "find the optimum" as opposed to "determine whether X is optimum"),
and some people use the term for problems that are at least
as hard as NP-complete problems but might be also harder.
So they might count something that solves an NP-complete problem
without bothering to check if it's also reducible to an NP-complete
problem,  because they're satisfied with a result that says
"look, this is at least as hard as NP-complete,
so let's use some fast heuristics instead of going for the optimum."
No, that would be a *Great* *Thing* for academic crypto.
Think of all the brand new exciting research papers that could be
written, and all the searching for new problems that are hard enough,
and kicking holes in new snake oil, and loads of fun in general.
Particularly, anything that proved P=NP would provide lots of tools
for exploring the boundaries between NP-complete problems
and other currently-believed-hard problems such as factoring
(and discrete logarithms, and elliptical curve variations on them.)
We might find out that factoring is *harder* than NP-complete (:-),
though I don't expect that.  My own guesses are that of course P!=NP,
but factoring might not be as hard as NP-complete,
and in particular elliptical curves might or might not be safe
using far fewer bits than regular RSA or DH (though the EC math is
too deep for my current knowledge, so I'm just guessing.)
For *practical* crypto, it would be a major pain to lose factoring,
because most NP-complete problems (e.g. knapsack) don't have forms that
are cryptographically useful - knowing that the right key lets you
solve the problem in polynomial time doesn't mean that it's easy
for the user to *find* a key like that in polynomial time
except by using special subproblems that turn out not to need exponential
time to solve them.
So in practice, we'd have to go back to symmetric-key KDCs
(Key Distribution Centers, for systems like Kerberos),
and One-Time Pads for the really paranoid stuff
(like shipping around master keys for the KDCs) for high security,
plus medium security that's basically Highly Refined Snake Oil,
where the cracker only needs to do polynomially more work than
the users, so in practice it's good enough for your credit card number,
but not good enough to keep anti-government secrets away from the NSA
or secret-government-conspiracy secrets safe from Distributed.Net,
so the convenient stuff risks spy-vs-spy and angry-mobs-with-pitchforks
Also in practice, that kind of breakthrough isn't likely to mature
for at least a decade (between how long it takes for the hypothetical
breakthrough to occur and how long before the system really
takes to adapt to it), and even if we haven't had the
Great Mythical Nanotech Singularity by then, we'll have enough
computer power and miniaturization technology that it'll be much easier to steal keystrokes right off your keyboard and screen,
rather than cracking the crypto, close enough for government work,
so black bag jobs will be common and we'll be back to a spy-vs-spy game.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-19 11:47:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: ADL lists anarchy symbol as racist 
Peace signs, too.   War is Peace, I guess....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-19 14:45:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [spam score 10.00/10.0 -pobox] Re: A way to discourage 
Yeah, right.    Writing to network administrators sometimes works,
or at least puts the spammer into "Whack-a-Mole" mode where
they've got to keep switching their sucker-collection endpoints.
(Unfortunately, free email accounts make that pretty simple,
but you can at least reduce revenue collection from existing spams,
and for spammers selling spamware rather than other scams,
it's important to discourage new suckers from getting in the game.)
A more appropriate response would be to
subscribe them to the cypherpunks list (:-)
Unfortunately, this is bad - the main impact of responding to
spammer's "remove me" or complaint email addresses is that it
confirms to the spammer that they had a valid address,
so they can reuse it or resell it.  So sending the list would
make it easier for the spammers to spam you directly.
There are more cypherpunkish approaches - the "teergrube" project
(go search for the FAQ) or similar trap servers can absorb infinite quantities of spam, v....e....r...y....s...l...o...w...l..y,
so you can reply with lots of "thank you" or "remove me" or
"yes, send me spam, please, please" mail from teergrubed addresses.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-19 17:31:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted?  (DNA thread...) 
Specifically Iceland - the  population is small, and hasn't had
much mixing with other people since the decline of Viking raiding,
and most of the mixing since then was with Norwegians who were
relatively similar.  There were Irish monks in Iceland when the
Vikings got there, and there's some DNA evidence that many of the
early women were from England and Ireland, presumably kidnapped
in Viking raids.  Also, while the earlier saga periods have
mixed-quality record keeping, there's been enough history of
land-ownership records and church and family records of births
to make studies easier.
Other Scandinavian countries would be much more difficult -
larger populations, much more trade and travel and viking,
lower literacy, nomadic Lapps in the north, etc.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-19 17:31:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anyone know easy symmetric cypher for perl? 
Check out the "rsa in N lines of perl" pages -
there were also some short obfuscated RC4 and DES implementations.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-19 19:46:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
I was using dumb terminals (initially HP; later AT&T VT100 clones).
Much better resolution than PCs, and it wasn't till the late 80s
that I could afford a machine for home use that was as good as
a dumb terminal connected to a Vax 780.  (Macs were arguably *better*,
but that's a separate issue.  They were friendlier, but Unix
was much more powerful and usable.)
I was a newcomer to Usenet - didn't get on until late 81 or maybe 82 :-)
It was mostly universities (initially Duke and UNC) and gradually
spreading into other places that had Unix machines, and eventually
ported to support network environments other than uucp.
It's arguable the extent to which that was public or private at first,
because much of the critical mass of discussions was either at government-funded schools or The Phone Company.
Ward Christiansen used to claim he had invented the BBS,
but it wasn't till 1978 (I think it was XModem?),
and I'd been using Plato Notesfiles several years before,
while the Arpanet mailing lists had also been growing for a while.
Eventually I got a PC at home.  I mainly used Netcom's early
ix.netcom.com IP service (with Trumpet Winsock on Win3.1),
though I also tried out Twinsock on a shell account at work.
At NCR our initial PC-based email was an appallingly ugly
hacked-together Kermit thing - one reason I got the Netcom account
was that the Kermit thing would choke and die if you got
more than 200KB in one session, and the cypherpunks list
was too much for it :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-19 20:22:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Insurance (was: why should it be trusted?) 
Both of those arguments are incorrect.
Anonymous has no business telling us how anarchic we can be :-)
If people want to voluntarily engage in hierarchical relationships,
that's still anarchy.  And you can still have leaders in anarchies -
it's just that if they screw up and find there's nobody following them
any more, they can't force their ex-followers to come back.
There are versions of anarchist theory that accept private property
and versions that don't, but both deal with types of "property"
that can be taken or protected by physical force.
"Intellectual Property" deals with the rather sillier concept
that some ideas belong to some people and it's ok for them to
hire guys in blue suits to beat up other people to protect it.
Crypto anarchy creates different kinds of protection mechanisms
for ideas, in ways that beating people up is neither necessary,
useful, or possible, so you can limit most of your transactions
to genuinely voluntary ones.  This isn't perfect either -
if somebody defrauds you, you can't sue them or beat them up,
because your only contacts are a bunch of bits on the net.
So reputations become important, and you've got to build more
incremental transaction mechanisms, and you've got different tradeoffs of risk versus cost (for instance, credit's hard to do.)
Crypto-anarchy isn't Sternerism or Kropotkinism.
It doesn't say anything about whether you maintain traditional hierarchical relationships with your wives, though it does give
you more options for sharing resources with people you like
(whether you consider those resources to be property or not.)
It doesn't mean that the government or mafia can't collect property taxes on your house - though it may mean they
collect them from the resident rather than the "owner",
and threaten to kick out the resident if they don't pay.
It also doesn't mean your mother or work krewe or syndicate or commune or wives can't tell you to clean the bathroom - but it gives you more options for who "owns" the house, and more options for paying somebody to clean it without the government taking a piece of the action.  James is right that getting rid of private property gives you
other problems, but he's wrong that this means one huge
centralized plan that rules everybody - such things are
typically very hard to enforce and maintain, even with
modern technology to make it easier.  You can, and do,
have lots of distributed economic decisionmaking even in most
totalitarian states, between black markets, Russian jokes about
"they pretend to pay us and we pretend we're working",
favors,  bribes, etc.  And there are socialist alternatives
like syndicates and small communes, and there are farming villages
or hunter-gatherer villages out in remote areas,
and lots of other alternative structures for societies
besides just propertarianism and totalitarianism.
Many of them don't work very well, or work fine but fall to
outside invaders, but that's a separate problem.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-20 05:31:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Mac created the modern Internet 
NetComplete - it had a browser, email, and a few other capabilities. You didn't have to use it; I tried it briefly and decided it was
seriously lame but easy to ignore.  The main effect it had on
service was that you were more likely to get questions answered
if you were using their wares than random other things,
but that was around the time that calling Netcom technical support
meant 45 minutes on hold to get some clueless newbie operator-trainee.
ICG ate Netcom, Mindspring ate ICG, and ate or merged with Earthlink.
I've still got my all-you-can-eat dialup account; works fine, has good nationwide coverage,
and has an 800 number that's useful from some hotels.
They do periodically send mail saying "hey, be nice, you're in the top 3% of connect time", but that's the reason for buying
full-time dialup service; if they change their pricing I'll
change my connection habits.  Also, some setup things are a bit different
between Mindspring POPs and Netcom POPs.
I should dump them for AT&T of course (:-), and I may do that
when I get cable modem installed, but AT&T only gives you
something like 100 hours before charging per hour.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-20 22:38:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? (insurance) 
So it's a clear call for charity.  Charity is a Good Thing.
Insurance works by letting people pool risks - most people in
an insurance plan pay more in premiums than they collect,
and a small number collect more, sometimes far more,
than they paid, and the participants consider it a good deal
because the potential costs they're risking are higher than
they can afford, compared to the guaranteed small loss of the premium.
Most health care "insurance" plans in the US aren't primarily
insurance - they're employer-paid benefit plans that cover
routine costs as well as covering premiums for shared risk.
Mixing the two systems leads to lots of policy confusion.
The tax advantages primarily come out of social policy
during the World War 2 government interference in the economy
and the industry and public attitudes gradually adapting to it.
The other cost advantage of employer-paid routine health costs
are that the employer may be able to negotiate a better price
by buying in large volume, whether directly or through
an insurance company that also negotiates better prices
by buying in large volume.   In return, there's the extra
cost of bureaucracy, though in much of the US, the
extra hostility of bureaucracy reduces use of the system :-)
Employers do also benefit from higher productivity of healthy workers with healthy families, and they need to do something
to manage the costs of care for work-related injuries.
Without massive employer-funded health care, most people
would be more likely to pay for their routine costs directly
and buy insurance for excessive costs.
Before the institutionalization of the insurance and banking
businesses a century ago, large numbers of Americans belonged
to mutual benevolence groups - unions, Masons, Moose Lodges,
farmers' granges, the Chinese Mutual Benevolence Association, and churches.
They provided a number of services to their members in addition
to social interaction, typically including money-lending
(new immigrant comes to the country, needs loan to start business)
and also help for sick and injured members and support for people who couldn't find work.  Medical costs themselves
don't really correspond, because medicine was different;
nursing was something your family or friends generally did,
and modern medicine hadn't quite emerged except for fixing some injuries.   The main exception was tuberculosis,
and TB sanatoriums were often run by fraternal organizations,
though some were government-funded.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-20 23:10:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: defaulting on US Dept Ed. school loans 
Yup.  Quit your job at the police force and go join the
French Foreign Legion.  See the world, meet exciting and
interesting people, and kill them.   C'mon, Joe, you can always
change your name.
Declaring bankruptcy is another popular approach.
Of course, the way my generation dealt with the problem
was to have low-interest student loans which the Carter and
Reagan governments inflated into pocket change.
Kids these days have to go back to the old-fashioned way
of financing them, like working hard for a long time to pay them back.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-22 20:50:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Congratulations!  You've finally discovered the Secret Ulterior Motive
behind the Cypherpunks Grocery-Store-Frequent-Shopper Card Exchange Ritual,
which is to discourage them from knowing who's *really* buying
all that chocolate and beer.   (We used to do it relatively often; now it's more of an occasional thing,
especially since the Albertsons/AmericanStores merger means that
Lucky no longer uses cards, but Safeway still does.
Safeway started doing "Thank you for shopping at Safeway, Mr. Cypherpunki"
a while back, and they're currently usually mispronouncing the
person whose dietary habits I'm also disparaging. :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-23 17:20:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Risk and insurance 
Archives are on Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-24 10:38:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gort in granny-shades (was Re: Al Gore goes cypherpunk?) 
But Bob, I thought you usually did "Edit once, send three or four times" :-)
This one only went to cypherpunks and dcsb (plus Declan), without also hitting two or three other lists, unlike most of your
announcements.  (I don't mind - Eudora's pretty good at sorting stuff,
and it's easy to skip the excess copies since they've got the same date and Subject, though I do occasionally get bouncegrams for replying
when some of the lists allow non-subscriber content and some don't.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-25 12:56:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: Illicit words 
Makes a fine substrate for steganography as well :-)
Pick 64 spookwords or spookphrases, which gets you
six bits per word, or four bits with some duplications
to level out distributions a lot.
Heroin Intel Detonator DomIntel Echelon Noriega
Semtex Terrorism Umber Feinstein Phreaking
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-25 18:23:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Congress proposes raiding census records. 
I'd been planning to take the Fifth and write a rant to go with it
explaining why.  There were half a dozen things wrong with the forms
and associated package purely aside from the questions themselves.
But it wasn't a high priority, so I ended up not returning the form.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-25 20:34:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Congress proposes raiding census records. 
that's because you failed to say the magic words to them.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-27 20:32:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Parties 
That was the nice thing about Ross Perot.
If he'd gotten elected, he'd have caused serious chaos in Washington
(even though he was basically just another Republicrat),
and the worst case is the Second Amendment said we could shoot him
if he got too crazy.
Unfortunately, he wouldn't let go of the Reform Party,
preferring to give the party to the Transcendental Meditation cult
if it wasn't going to be run by the Ross Perot personality cult,
and now Buchanan has a certain risk of coming out behind the
Libertarians :-)   (Probably won't happen, since the LP hasn't done
enough successful publicity to get mentioned in the media's
"oh, yeah, there's also Nader and Buchanan" afterthoughts, but it'd be nice.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-28 17:52:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ho to KICK OUT Junkbusters users 
Most advertising banners come from one of three sources -
- advertiser.com/whatever
- ads.website.com/whatever (IP address may belong to advertiser.com)
- website.com/whatever (website.com's IP address and CGI.)
The usual way banner-killers work is to recognize advertiser.com's name
and not download pages or accept cookies from there.
Some may be fancier and check the IP address as well as the name.
It's much harder to junkblock banners that are really on your site -
but that means that your advertiser needs to have a setup that lets you work that way, which most don't (partly for fraud prevention,
though I suppose it's less of an issue for clickthroughs.)
Others may look for banner-shaped things - that's hard to stop.
And then there are folks who turn off images entirely :-)
Your goal can probably be interpreted as "how to detect whether
a user downloaded my advertising banner before showing them real content?".
You can't keep them from seeing the text of your main page before they
download the banner, because that's what includes the call
for the banner image.  (You could do one of those initial pages
that flashes up briefly and then calls the real page, though.)
If your webserver is bright enough (or if you hack it enough yourself),
you could keep it from showing future images if the caller
hasn't read the image.  That's only possible if you know whether they've
downloaded your banner, which usually means that the banner
has to be hosted on your site rather than the advertiser's.
Lots of people turn off cookies - you'd mentioned the issue of
using cookies to tell if people have fetched your banner.
But even for people who accept cookies, the cookie protocols
will only let you fetch cookies with your second-level domain,
so you also need to use one of the banner locations with your domain.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-29 18:10:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Ho to KICK OUT Junkbusters users 
Using cookies for maintaining state in applications like that
is what cookies were originally intended for; it's reasonable to
check and remind people to turn them on for those applications.
But in general, they won't be useful for determining whether
somebody's running a junk buster or not because lots of people
do turn them off.
If 10% of them run junkbusters, it's no real problem for you.
If 90% of them do, that'd be a different issue.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-29 18:37:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: [ga] An open letter to Louis Touton (was) 
This is also the same Joe Baptista who's not supposed to
email or fax the government* of (Ontario, I think?)
because he used to contact _all_ of them when they
(collectively) did or failed to do something that they need to be told to do or not do or do differently or whatever.
Apparently the Canadian equivalent to "needs killing" is "needs faxing"....  and they weren't prepared to deal with that.
[*I'm using "government" in the US sense, which includes everybody
in the civil service working for them, rather than the British sense,
which refers to the top office-holders in the ruling party, (US-speak "The Administration".)
I'm not sure which term Canada tends to use. ]
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-29 18:44:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: thanx my friend 
Abuse at hotmail.com kindly agreed to teach this particular
bomb some phenomenology.  So either he's a clueless kid who'll have to get a new Hotmail or Yahoo account after being whacked,
or he's a clueless Law Entrapment Officer who'll have to do so,
or he's a troll who's had an afternoon's entertainment :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-30 08:33:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Esther's reply on spamming 
and if
... [Tim's message, deleted]
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-31 18:15:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: public keyrings 
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-10-31 22:19:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: California bars free speech of those cutting deals ... 
And it isn't even shut down through law - just FUD,
letting them create a chilling effect without the need for
a full-scale argument in court.
As with Perot, Nader's certainly no worse than the major parties.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-04 21:33:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: about this list, and a poor man's crypto 
The standard way to fix problems like that is to post non-USA-centric
content :-)
You're not the only one to complain about this.  (See answer 1.)
cryptography-request at c2.net will get you a moderated list that's broader
than coderpunks,
but narrower than cypherpunks, no spam, low flaming.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-06 09:36:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RSA Security releases RSA algoritm into public domain two 
mics.com>
When will we see the first RSAREF-compatible public-domain code?
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-06 11:44:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Good work by FBI and SEC on Emulex fraud case 
How often do people check signatures?  If they check them, and they pass, how often do they check keys?
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1

@_date: 2000-09-06 17:29:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: BayFF Celebrates RSA Patent Expiration 9/11 7:30pm SFO Hyatt 
Media Advisory
BayFF Celebrates RSA Patent Expiration
Whit Diffie and Dave Del Torto Speak of RSA's Past and Future
WHO: Electronic Frontier Foundation, Whit Diffie, Dave Del Torto
and music by UKUSA from VirtualRecordings.com
WHAT: `BayFF' Meeting on RSA Patent Expiration
WHEN: Monday September 11th, 2000 at 7:30PM
WHERE: Hyatt Regency San Francisco Airport
(650) 347-1234
Directions are forthcoming on the EFF website: In honor of its 10th Anniversary of defending civil liberties online, EFF
presents a series of monthly meetings to address important issues where
technology and policy collide. These meetings, entitled "BayFF,"
kicked off on July 10th and will continue throughout the year. The upcoming
BayFF features famed cryptographer Whitfield Diffie and MEconomy's Master of
Secrets, Dave Del Torto. They will help us celebrate the RSA patent's
expiration on September 20th, 2000. How will these changes effect the public
at large? What are the benefits? Are there any drawbacks?
Whitfield Diffie, who holds the position of Distinguished Engineer at Sun
Microsystems, is best known for his 1975 discovery of the concept of public
key cryptography, for which he was awarded a Doctorate in Technical Sciences
(Honoris Causa) by the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in 1992. Diffie
received a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematics from the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology in 1965.
For a dozen years prior to assuming his present position in 1991, Diffie was
Manager of Secure Systems Research for Northern Telecom, functioning as the
center of expertise in advanced security technologies throughout the
corporation. Since 1993, Diffie has worked largely in public policy, in the
area of cryptography.
Dave Del Torto's career in Internet privacy and security started in
the late 1980s at the University of California at Berkeley, where he
was one of the original "Cypherpunks." He joined Pretty Good Privacy
Inc. (PGP) as a founding employee in 1996, and in 1997 was part of
the four-man team that published the entire PGP source code in 13
paper volumes, which resulted in the first legal international PGP
freeware (exports of 128-bit crypto have since been greatly deregulated).
He currently serves as the Executive Director of the CryptoRights Foundation
(a human rights security organization) and is the Chief Security Officer of
MEconomy, Inc., a privacy infomediary company based in San Francisco.
**** You can subscribe to EFF's mailing list to receive the
regular BayFF annoucements. To subscribe, email and put this in the text (not the subject line): subscribe BayFF.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( is the leading
civil liberties organization working to protect rights in the digital world.
Founded in 1990, EFF actively encourages and challenges industry and
government to support free expression, privacy, and openness in the
information society. EFF is a member-supported organization and
maintains one of the most-linked-to Web sites in the world.
John Marttila
Administrative Assistant
Electronic Frontier Foundation
415-436-9333 ex 107
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-06 18:00:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: SF Bay Cypherpunks, 9/9/00, E-Dome, Santa Cruz Mountains 
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks September 2000 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday Sept 11 2000
TIME:   12:00 - 6:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  Eric Messick's Dome, Santa Cruz Mountains
This is a low-key meeting at Eric's home in the mountains, beginning about
   ~12 -Bring lunch, undo geographical delocalization, admire mountain
        roads and wildlife. Carpooling would be a good idea, given limited
   ~1 - Admire the E-Dome, Hugh's Lab and the Copper-Insulated Wall,
        socialize, discuss Burning Man, Plan RSA Patent-expiration party
   ** - Eric Blossom's Starium Bump-in-the-wire Cryptophone demo -
        They're finally here, 3DES and everything.
   ** - Bill Scannell's trip to Ascension Island - An alternate landing site    ** - Hugh Daniel - IPSEC and FreeS/WAN update and demo.
As usual, this is an open public meeting on US soil.  Please leave the US soil outside :-)
RSA has released the RSA patent to the public domain two weeks early,
so bring code!  There will still be a party around 9/20-9/23.
Whit Diffie and Dave Del Torto will speak at an EFF meeting Mon 9/11 7:30pm
at the Hyatt Regency San Francisco Airport in Burlingame.  Details  will be posted soon.
Most of the online maps provide unreliable directions, so use the attached.
I find the drive takes about 30 minutes from Mountain View or 15-20 from
the 280/17 intersection except during heavy traffic; parking is country roads and dirt driveways.
Postscript Map to Eric's House - for printing
%  Human readable text directions to the E-Dome:
%                       Eric Messick  or  ||ugh Daniel
%                       15139 Old Ranch Road
%                       Los Gatos, California, 95030-8506
%                       Latitude 37 08' 02", Longitude 121 59' 40"
%                       edome at syzygy.com
%                       eric_&_messages(+1 408 353 4751)
%   From San Jose, take Highway 17 south from Interstate 280 or Highway 85.
%   From Santa Cruz, take Highway 17 North from Highway 1.
%   Exit Highway 17 at Summit Road and head west, in both directions that's
% a right off the highway and left onto Summit Road.
%   Follow Summit Road past two streets on the left until Summit makes a hard
% right turn at the third street, you want to turn left from Summit Road onto
% Hutchinson Road which is more like going straight (in the day time be VERY
% carful making this 'blind to oncoming traffic' turn!).
%   Follow Hutchinson until just after Riva Ridge Road veers up on the left
% and you see a long group of black mailboxes on the right, make an acute
% right turn here from Hutchinson Road onto Old Ranch Road.
%   At the first curve/split of Old Ranch road you want to stay right when the
% road splits, (there is a "SLOW 10 SPEED LIMIT" sign at the fork; keep
% to the right of this sign).
%   Follow the drive down the hill until it flattens out and the trees thin
% out above you, you should see the top of the E-Dome on your left, our
% driveway is the next left.
%  Distance table:
%  South on 17 from Interstate 280 to Summit Road             15.0mi / 21.0km
%  South on 17 from Highway 85 to Summit Road                 10.0mi / 14.0km?
%  North on 17 from Highway 1 to Summit Road                  12.5mi / 17.5km
%  Then:
%  West on Summit from Highway 17 to Hutchinson Road          00.5mi / 00.7km
%  West on Hutchinson Road from Summit Road to Old Ranch Road 00.2mi / 00.3km
%  Hutchinson Road down Old Ranch Road to our driveway        00.4mi / 00.6km
%  Schematic ASCII map to the E-Dome:
%                                   this way to San Jose
%                                         |          .
%                                         |          |\
%                                  |S     |H         |
%                       Old        |u     |W         | N
%                       Ranch      |m     |Y         | o
%                       Road       |m     |          | r
%                           |  */  |i     |1         | t
%                           |__/   |t     |7         | h
%                           /.     |      |
%                     ------++--+--+-+--+-=--------------
%        Hutchinson Road    /             |  Summit Road
%                          /              |
%                   Riva Ridge Road       |
%                                         |1
%                                         |7
%                                         |
%                                   this way to Santa Cruz
%  -/_|  Road
%  +     Road Intersection
%  =     Overpass
%  .     Line of mail boxes
%  *     E-Dome
If you have questions, comment or agenda requests, please contact the
meeting organizer:
   Bill Stewart bill.stewart at pobox.com Cell +1-415-307-7119

@_date: 2000-09-07 15:08:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: StoN, Diffie-Hellman, other junk.. 
At 12:45 AM 9/7/00 -0400, Asymmetric wrote   :
Servers are the price of scalability.  The nice thing about ICQ
and similar instant messaging applications, unlike IRC,
is that the server only tracks who's on and where, and doesn't carry
the actual communication traffic between users.  Obviously this is
for one-to-one conversations between two users rather than IRC's
everybody-to-everybody model.  Another option in this space is the
everybody's-a-server model, like Usenet uses.
Servers also offer the benefit that it's harder to tell
who's talking to whom, unlike point-to-point conversations,
but they do cause risks from compromise and downtime.
That's a MAJOR downside.  Most operating system and programming environments
limit how many open TCP connections you can keep, typically <20,
so this limits the sizes of communities you can maintain.
Also, if you have TCP connections you need to write code to handle
having them go up and down at unplanned times,
while UDP just dribbles in.
On the other hand, TCP sessions are good for data transfer.
Voice over TCP is a sketchier issue - the problem is that
the best way to handle lost voice packets is just to ignore the noise,
as opposed to waiting for the retransmission to arrive and
speeding up or delaying talk until you've caught up.
Your issues about ECB mode with UDP are good, though.
The alternative is to use CBC mode and trash the next couple of packets
after the lost/damaged one - CBC does self-recover.
This is ok for voice; may or may not be for chat.
The rule of thumb is that you need at least twice as many bits of
DH as you need of secure session key for your application, and you need
at least as many bits of DH as you would need for RSA.
You wouldn't want to use fewer than 1024 bits of RSA these days,
so don't use fewer than 1024 bits of DH.  That's enough for multiple
128-bit keys.
There are various format proposals for turning the DH key into a session key,
like using Hash(DHKey,YourIP,TheirIP,maybe-a-counter-or-Salt).
4096 may be overkill, but it depends a lot on how often you'll be rekeying
and how long you're willing to watch the CPU crunch to set up a connection.
The bigger risk, though, is the quality of random numbers available for seeding your DH keys.  Don't even DREAM of using Delphi's builtins,
if it has them - go find good crypto-quality-randomness work to reuse,
unless you know you'll only run on Linux where there's /dev/random.
At least use sound-card noise or user-entered mouse tracks to help.
Lots of "secure" systems have been cracked by cracking their random seeds.
If you don't have any other keying mechanism, you need to worry about
man-in-the-middle attacks.  A simple approach is to use PGP public keys
to sign the keyparts; that lets you reuse all the PGP infrastructure.
There are alternatives, at least for voice, like reading the bits of the shared keys to each other.  See the PGPFONE docs for much discussion on user interfaces - and think about how much of their code you can rip
off\\\\\\ reuse.
Also read the Photuris internet drafts - there's a lot of experience
on denial-of-service attacks that they've incorporated,
and it doesn't take much work to prevent most of them.
Gak!  Don't do something that ugly.  There are lots of math libraries
such as the GMP Gnu Multiple Precision integer package.  Depending on how
Delphi feels about calling C routines, the most you should need to write
in assembler are some little wrappers to format the function calls,
and hopefully you don't need to do that.
Also, some versions of the RSAREF libraries had Diffie-Hellmann code in them,
as well as multiple-precision integers.
Other chat and messaging systems have been written.
Check out GALE at gale.org, and look through the Cypherpunks archives
for encrypted  IRC and DCC variants.  Don't let that stop you from coding,
but do steal code rather that writing from scratch when you can.
It's been high for years - thanks for adding Signal :-)
Listening in on cordless phones can be a legitimate cpunks kind of topic,
though it's been discussed in the past and this was probably just a troll
or a clueless newbie.  As far as giving people drugs, the standard
Cypherpunks approach is to say "That's a hardware problem" and then
discuss whose Palm-pilot digicash system you can use for payment, though there has also been crypto protocol work like
"The Cocaine Auction Protocol" on how suppliers and consumers can
find each other without interference by non-participants,
or building conferencing systems for ravers where the server operator
provably doesn't have anything subpoenable that would indicate which
chatters were discussing where to get drug X at event Y.
(There are also noisier Cypherpunks approaches to drugs, like saying
"Jim, yer off yer medication again" or "smells good, got any more?" or
"He's obviously smoking something *very* good and not sharing" or "No, in a geodesic gift economy you really *might not* charge for drugs." :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-07 16:24:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Germans to tax PCs for Lars 
So does the proposed law require companies to pay GEMA
if they make or sell anything in this category?
If they don't pay, what happens?  Lawsuit?  Criminal prosecution?
I don't expect that US newspaper reporting gets the details precisely correct.
In the US, there are a couple of organizations, I think ASCAP and BMI,
that manage the intellectual property rights for most musicians.
If you play music on the radio or do other public performances,
you have to pay them their standard rates.  It's not mandatory -
there are non-ASCAP musicians, and radio stations (particularly
religious talk/music stations) that don't participate,
but if you play music from their members on the radio without
a license from them, they'll sue for copyright infringement.
(The main reason religious radio stations often don't use ASCAP
is that they're a niche market, but the payments to ASCAP
cover the whole market and are priced high enough that stations that don't play new commercial music
don't want to pay that much.  Of course, some of them just
don't like sex, drugs, and rock&roll :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-07 18:31:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Domestic surveillance: infilatration 
I can't say I'm surprised.  A decade or so ago, I went to an anarchist convention in Philly that was being watched by guys in suits in a big American car, who were identified as the Philly Police Red Squad.
I'd been surprised such things still existed.  We moved from the Quaker
school where the main convention was to an anarchist coffeeshop, and they reappeared.
(A Quaker friend of mine said "It's not a *real* anarchist meeting unless somebody brings them coffee and doughnuts." "Yeah, I offered to do that, but they'd brought their own thermos" :-)
would be
water at the
yesterday, a
Presenza approved
warrants were sealed
they were
the undercover
That sounds like a clear case of libel.  before the
to police
Any chance of the ECPA applying to this surveillance?
as the key
"allegedly originate
trade unions" or
Yup.  Red squads.  Nice that they can occasionally find a *real* Red to
be paranoid about, though I'm not sure where they can find a Communist
party with any funding.
PGP was of course designed for environments similar to this - people you've met in person introducing other people they've met in person,
particularly in the heavily infiltrated anti-nuke movement.
On the other hand, it was oriented towards True Names, where you're
usually pretty sure that if Bob signs a key for Carol who signs for Dave,
that you're really sending email to the Dave you thought you were sending
it to, though Dave may or may not be a Fed.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-08 02:06:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: StoN, Diffie-Hellman, other junk.. 
You can still do CBC with UDP.  You might want to look at hybrid solutions,
like basic connectivity and voice connections on UDP and separate TCP
for data transfer, though that may be more trouble than it's worth.
There are synchronization problems you can recover from and ones you can't.
You need to stay aligned on the encryption-block barrier, e.g. 64 bits for DES
or 128 bits for some other algorithms.  If you lose that, you're toast.
But if you always pad your packets to multiples of the block size,
you don't have a problem with UDP, since packets either arrive or don't.
So if you lose a packet, then you've toasted the first 16 bytes of the next,
but the rest of the packet and the rest of the conversation are ok.  With TCP, you don't lose packets, though you don't always have convenient mechanisms for keeping track of packet boundaries, but you're always going to write in block-size chunks anyway.
Any symmetric algorithm will have maxed out by 256 bits, and most by 128,
though you may want different keys for your two directions.
So generating the DH key with 1024 bits is probably enough,
though it doesn't hurt much to do 2048 or 4096 -
no need for separately generating a key and shipping it.
In particular, DH takes advantage of both machines' sources of randomness,
which is a major win over something generated by one end
unless you've got a good reason for it.
Sometimes Mallory _is_ your ISP - even without Carnivore.
Public key technology only needs one untampered data transfer to happen,
and PGP has a lot more infrastructure for that than trading PRNGs.
Signing DH keyparts is a job for public-key signatures.
By saying "I'm going to put this chat server on the Internet"....
Crypto has its own special denial-of-service flavors in addition to
the regular ones, and Photuris addresses a lot of it with minimal work.
The "Library GPL" was written to address just that problem.
Stallman calls it the "Lesser GPL", because he doesn't like it (:-),
but LGPL says you have to distribute source code for the LGPL'd libraries you use or modify (or indicate where to download them) but doesn't GPLize the
code you wrote that isn't part of the libraries.  So you can use it in
your proprietary product without publishing your code, charge money for it,
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-09 01:44:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: StoN, Diffie-Hellman, other junk.. 
Not incorrect, but 2**256 possible keys gets you into age-of-the-universe territory for cracking.
I'm not aware of one.  IDEA's "non-commercial" definitions have gotten
fuzzier over the years, and it's patented in lots of places.
Avoid Misty.  Several of the AES candidates had policies of
"it's patented now but if we're the AES winner you can all use it for free",
which means you won't really know licensing issues until NIST picks a winner.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-10 04:23:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: test: ignore: Re: Algebra.com Dysfunction? 
You sent your message to toad.com; I'm trying this through algebra.com.
owner-etc since Friday the 8th, 13:42 cst last coherent message.
known reasons for these strange messages rather than the relay?
the problem, hopefully so, if not, I have a nice log of 50 or so messages
from the algebra.com server with null content and otherwise useless purpose
:) )
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-10 04:30:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: test: ignore: Re: Algebra.com Dysfunction? - Seems to work! 
I don't know if algebra's sending out bad messages, but this one worked fine.  I'm using cypherpunks at cyberpass.net as my cpunks feed,
so that says it's getting between those two just fine.
Headers if you want them:
Return-Path: owner-cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
Received: from wormwood.pobox.com (localhost.pobox.com [127.0.0.1])
Received: from sirius.infonex.com (sirius.infonex.com [216.34.245.2])
Received: (from majordom at localhost) by sirius.infonex.com (8.8.8/8.8.8) id
EAA29103 for cypherpunks-outgoing; Sun, 10 Sep 2000 04:23:51 -0700 (PDT)
Received: (from cpunks at localhost) by sirius.infonex.com (8.8.8/8.8.8) id
EAA29079 for cypherpunks at infonex.com; Sun, 10 Sep 2000 04:23:36 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from cyberpass.net (cyberpass.net [216.34.245.3]) by
sirius.infonex.com (8.8.8/8.8.8) with ESMTP id EAA29064 for
; Sun, 10 Sep 2000 04:23:25 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from mail.virtual-estates.net (cpunks at video-collage.com
[160.79.196.177]) by cyberpass.net (8.8.8/8.7.3) with ESMTP id EAA08789 for
; Sun, 10 Sep 2000 04:25:23 -0700 (PDT)
Received: (from cpunks at localhost)
X-Authentication-Warning: video-collage.com: Processed from queue
X-Authentication-Warning: video-collage.com: Processed by cpunks with -C
Received: from smile.idiom.com ([209.209.13.26])
X-Relay-IP: 209.209.13.26
Received: from billstewart (sji-ca5-13.ix.netcom.com [209.109.234.13])
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Light Version 3.0.5 (32)
Old-Subject: test: ignore: Re: Algebra.com Dysfunction?
Precedence: first-class
Reply-To: Bill Stewart X-List: cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
X-Loop: cypherpunks at cyberpass.net
X-UIDL: 078ec938d46bf0807ff8995691e7af79
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-13 00:57:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RECYCLED CPUNKS MESSAGES APPEARING FROM INFONEX 
I'm starting to see a number of old cypherpunks messages
reappearing from  sirius.infonex.com (sirius.infonex.com [216.34.245.2]).
I'm not sure if they're going to everybody on cypherpunks (unlikely),
or everybody who uses the cyberpass.net majordomo,
or if it's just infonex clearing out undelivered stuff to my ISP.
Either way, if you start seeing topics that we covered a week or two ago,
maybe it's because of mail problems, so check the date.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-13 07:35:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: SF Internet self-defense course 
The Eudora PGP Plug-In deliberately decrypts received mail and stores it unencrypted, specifically to discourage the
"You must escrow your private keys so we can decode your plaintext"
attacks that the FBI/NSA/WhiteHouse anti-crypto mafia were pushing
a couple of years ago.  That's a different issue from storing your
mailbox in a PGPdisk volume or some other encrypted filesystem
or having the mail decryptor re-encrypt for storage with a different key
(which wouldn't be that hard, since you could use a different
public key to encrypt the session key and leave the symmetric-encrypted part of the message alone.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-14 01:36:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Aryan Nations incident - Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was 
It's not a "deep pockets" thing, it's a "shallow pockets" thing.
Deep pockets cases are where you want the money, so you drag somebody
with lots of money into the case if you can.  In this case,
and Morris Dee's previous KKK case, the objective isn't *getting* money -
it's *taking away* all the money the bastards have to put them out of
and then twisting the knife and rubbing salt in the wounds by
using their former Bad White Boys playground for something they dislike.
If they had deep pockets, this would be hard.  But soft targets like the AN or KKK chapter don't have a lot of money,
so a lawsuit for shooting at people or beating them up can be enough
to bankrupt them, even if all you get is a couple of double-wides
on a hunk of scrubby land.  Also, they're less likely to have
good legal representation (at least these days - in the KKK's heyday
the town judge and lawyers might well have been members),
so they're easier to beat.
Also, this is rural Idaho - stunningly gorgeous country, where the
traditional way to relate to the wildlife involves firearms,
so even if she *had* been shooting her gun it'd've been pretty normal.
The newspaper reports didn't say whether the real bright Aryan boys
decided gunshots must have been an invading Jew army before
they saw that the car was full of white people, or whether they
at least looked at them enough to decide they weren't blacks or cops...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-14 04:04:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lee Free - Judge Apologizes For Government's Conduct 
That's why it was critical that Lee be guilty of *something*,
at least one charge, so he doesn't have a strong position for
suing the Feds for big bucks individually and organizationally.
He may still have some ability to do that, but I'd be surprised
if the plea bargain deal didn't address it somehow, even if it's
not in the part that's in the press.
Was that Perry, or Deutch?  I think I saw recently that Deutch _is_
getting his wrist slapped somewhat hard now.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-14 04:53:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: censorship rears its hypocritical head 
Yep - all those commercials for "Be All You Can Be, Join The Army" and
"Join The Navy, See The World, Meet Interesting People and Kill Them", and
"Army Reserve - Spend Saturdays Keeping In Practice as a Trained Killer" and
all the war movies the Pentagon helps get made, and "COPS" tv shows, and
"The Drug War - Fix Moral and Health Problems By Declaring War" and its
related "Job Training and Practical Entrepreneurism For Inner-City Youth"
both of which teach kids that violence is a good way to relate to your
neighbor -
in some cities, the training extends to franchising opportunities,
starting your own "Young Crips" neighborhood chapter.
There's also the "Starve Young Children By Economic Blockade" programs for
ridding the world of Hitler-of-the-year candidates that's worked so well,
and the "Be Afraid - Make More Anthrax Vaccine Before Terrorists Use It" gigs.
The government really *should* stop marketing those violent programs.
Before they mess with the (really large) motes in the movie businesses' eyes.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-15 09:27:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
By the way, if Jody only wants to fax the document,
and Petro only wants to receive it by email,
Petro can set up a JFAX.COM account which will
accept faxes and email them to him (as TIFF files.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-17 15:25:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: RE: RSA Patent Expiration Composite Party - Sept. 21 
Oh, come on - back when we were that age, instead of old geezers,
we did our share of staying up late at night dancing and consuming
various mind-altering substances*.   These kids are staying up a bit later, and some of their drugs hadn't been invented in our day,
and their music is no worse than some of the garage rock bands...
And while they're not walking 20 miles through the snow to school
like we did, it's San Francisco, so they're still walking 20 blocks
uphill both ways to the nearest parking space.
[* Mostly ethanol and caffeine.  I was fortunate enough to be in the
drink-age-18 days, but they hadn't invented decent mass-market coffee
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-19 03:19:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: GA-CAT-CA 
As Tim pointed out, they're not trying to force every cat herder
to provide a sample of cat hairs.  They're trying to get a reasonably broad spectrum of cat fur samples (about 1600),
so they can find the genetic differences between them,
which will make it easier to use cat hair as evidence,
or at least easier to tell whether it's usable.
It may be that they'll find that it's easy to tell that there's
a 90% or 99% or 99.99% chance that the cat hair found on the suspect was from the victim's cat Snowball as opposed to the suspect's cat Mehitabel,
or it may be they'll find that one white cat hair looks about like another.
Most cats have multiple colors of hair, so color alone isn't always
indicative, though I can usually tell which cat the cat hairs on my
computer keyboard are from.
As far as mandating hair samples goes, not that they're doing that,
if they can require you to get a license to possess a dog,
they could include hair samples as part of the process;
they could also require licenses for cats.
Actual genetic testing of millions of cat hair samples would be
prohibitively expensive, but storing samples for analyzing if
there's a specific need for it wouldn't be as difficult.
But it's still a big expense and hassle, and it'd be much
simpler to get a warrant and collect samples from the
victims' and suspects' houses or cats when needed.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-22 23:37:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: -C-P- Re: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
If you put the tag at the end of the line, not the beginning,
it doesn't break sorting - all the articles of a given thread
stay together.  One difference between what you do and what
some other mailing lists do is that cypherpunks uses multiple list servers,
and yours munges the Subject: lines while the others don't.
Most mailing lists that label their traffic use just one server;
if they're using multiple servers, they're administered identically,
so you don't have a mixture of munged and undamaged topics.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-23 00:08:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: <nettime> Rebirth of Guilds 
Mutual benefit societies didn't arise any more than horses appeared because of the need to pull carts.
Mutual benefit societies arose because they were ways for
people to help each other and to get help.
In some places, the state has taken over functions that people
used to get through social institutions, and in some places,
the state has helped business drive out the mutual benevolence groups
(for instance, in the US, banks and insurance companies had politicians make banking and insurance regulations that drove out many of the lending functions that benevolence groups provided.)
To some extent, the social institutions were strongest within
immigrant ethnic groups and other frontier social groups,
and weakened as cities grew and people assimilated into them -
in a mass society it's often easier to let the state be the
"somebody" who ought to do something rather than doing the work At 12:43 PM 9/20/00 -0400, R. A. Hettinga forwarded:
logical as
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-23 01:00:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Qualcomm bouncing MIME messages 
Eudora has trouble with some of the MIME variants used by Mutt.
I don't know if that's because Mutt's outputting wrong formats,
or because Eudora's failing to interpret them correctly,
but if they reuse the same code in their mail servers
it wouldn't be surprising if their policy chokes on some of it.
And there's *lots* of other badly formatted mail out there,
though lots of that is spam.
If you do good bouncegrams when you reject incorrectly formatted mail,
the sender will probably retry, so occasional false positives
on mail from humans aren't a big problem, and of course bouncing
mail from spambots isn't a problem.  The worst case is when you
reject mail that was generated by a bot you actually *wanted*
to receive mail from, but hopefully most of those have administrators checking their rejects.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-27 15:06:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Reno shocked! 
Louis Freeh recently had to explain to some Congressional committee
about why they busted Lee and treated him like that.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-28 03:15:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: New email could confound law enforcement 
Ray - it looks like Disappearing Inc. has been disappearing.com
for about 1.5 years longer than you've been disappearing-inc.com.
In October 99, Maclen Marvit, the CEO of Disappearing, Inc.
spoke at the Cypherpunks meeting in San Francisco,
shortly after they had a front-page article in USA Today
(may have been business front-page, but it was still really
nice timing for a small startup to do their press release
on a slow news day :-)  And there was substantial discussion
of them and their service in the Cypherpunks mailing list.
Were you paying attention when you picked the name?
Or had the meme just been floating around long enough after
their announcement that it had gotten unstuck from its roots?
You probably ought to sell them the name at cost.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-28 09:36:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Why Free Speech Matters 
Jim, you've always come out strongly in favor of regulating
businesses that do things in ways you don't like,
and using government to do it rather than market forces.
That's  'freedom for me but not for thee', whether the
behavior in question is kissing people or selling them stuff.
The basic choices you have for regulating people's behavior
in society are talking to them, not talking to them,
or beating them up.  In most "civilized" societies,
beating people up is frowned on except when the government does it,
and governments provide lots of mechanisms for chicken out
before they have to resort to violence (doing what the business
regulators tell you to do, or paying the fine, or going to jail
peacefully instead of shooting your way out, but all of these are
things you do because the government will otherwise shoot you,
and periodically they hold a Waco to remind you that they will.)
In a more civilized society, whether it's an anarchy or just a
society where people ignore the police whenever possible,
that leaves you with ignoring people who do things you dislike,
or refusing to do business with them, or organizing boycotts,
or picketing or other forms of expressing your dislike for
how a person runs his business activities or non-business activities.
I think most of us agree that the ballpark acted like
major-league assholes, but that's a separate discussion.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-28 19:07:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Why Free Speech Matters 
I didn't see them, but I assume you define a public business as
one you want to be able to boss around, and a private business to be
one you don't care about bossing around?
There are several layers of activity and ownership in this ballpark case.
If the ballpark were owned and managed by an individual or partnership,
and the owner(s) told the women to leave, they've got a problem because
they sold them a ticket to the game.  On the other hand, the women could
have engaged in behavior that was sufficiently disruptive that throwing them out would have been appropriate (e.g. kissing on home plate
while the game was going on, instead of in the stands), and most courts
would side with the ballpark in that case.  However, the owners would
have the moral right to refuse to sell them tickets in the future -
that's part of the owners' personal freedom, just as either refusing
to watch ballgames at that stadium or leading a boycott
against major-league assholes is part of the women's personal freedom.
Whether the owners _should_ do something like that is a separate issue
(get real - that'd be inappropriate in Redneckville, let alone SF or LA).  But if it's their park, Darwin will take care of them.
Some liberals like Choate think that the public can't be trusted
_as individuals_ not to do business with bigots, so the public needs to hire legislators to harass bigots for them.  It's a mistake -
if the public are bigoted enough that that's a problem, they typically elect legislators who make laws mandating separate bathrooms for nonwhites
and separate but equal government-funded schools and
mandatory school uniforms and bans on gang colors or clan tartans, and
keeping colored immigants out of the country even if they're
refugees from US-funded military dictatorships.
The only time it's safe to trust the legislature with moral issues is after the people become moral, at which point you don't need legislation.
But the women weren't thrown out by the owner, they were thrown out
by an employee.  The owner has some responsibility for the employee's
actions, because the employee is acting for the owner, but unlike an owner, the employee has a responsibility not to be stupid.
(As noted above, stupid owners are at their own risk...)
The appropriate thing for the owner to do is damage control,
whether that's instituting sensitivity training for employees or
profuse apologies for the rude behavior of his ex-employee.
Presumably the employee acted because of a complaint from
other customers, rather than thinking it up on his own,
but he should have had the sense to do something else,
like offer the complainers or the lesbians a better seat,
or tell the complainers that yelling "Ewwww, Grossss!!!"
is annoying to the other customers and makes them look like rubes.
Corporations are a special case - almost everything is done by
employees, though some employees are also stockholders,
but unlike businesses operated by their owners,
they're a legal fiction created by the government,
so if the government wants to attach strings to the favors it grants,
they're not violating the rights of the recipients.
If the government bans or regulates businesses from operating except
in return for accepting the strings, that's a different problem,
and the favors that it grants may not be legitimate for it to grant,
but in general, if you don't like corporate regulations,
don't be a corporation, be a proprietor.
Most of this is moot in San Francisco - with Socialized Baseball,
the city government kicked in a lot of money to the ball teams
to help build the stadium and encourage the team to stay in town.
The whole thing's a crock, and the sports team have a great scam
going by threatening to leave town if they're not bribed to stay,
but the city should have some say over how the place is run
(regardless of whether the local version of the scam leaves them
owning the stadium like some cities or just lending to the team's
building project like other cities.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-29 09:19:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Algorithm queston. 
There was one guy from Japan who kept trying to create discussion,
in relatively-clueless mode, but he wasn't a cryptographer,
so he couldn't give us good reasons to use it other than it being from Japan,  and there are patent problems with the algorithm
(I think he may have been connected to the company that owns it),
and some of its relatives were broken (or maybe it; I don't remember).
Tim flamed him a lot.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-29 23:40:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Shunning, lesbians and liberty (was: Re: <nettime> Rebirth 
It takes a lot to get a whole town annoyed enough at you
that they won't do business with you.  You can do it,
but it's much easier to do in a small town where
it's easier to leave than in a large city.
Demands without consequences are stupid.  "Play nice" or else what?
"Play nice or I'll cry a lot and flame you on Usenet!"
"Play nice or I'll take my ball and go home!"
"Play nice or I'll picket your business and you'll lose customers"
"Play nice or I'll shoot you"
Governments usually go for "Play nice or we'll use as much violence as it takes to get you to obey us", which isn't nice at all.
Oh, it's way too late for that :-)
:-)  In particular, it gets into the debate of how land ownership works,
how it's justified, and how the land gets given out.
Here in North America we usually resolve it by saying that the
British/French/Mexicans stole it from the Indians and we
stole/bought it from them and most remaining Indians are dead,
which may or may not be related to naming many baseball teams after Indians
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-29 23:41:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Fw: Others are protecting freedom of speech too. 
Marcel - did the original posting to the mh_mirror or freenet-chat
lists indicate where the article was from?  If you removed it,
could you send me the originals?
It looks newspaperish, but doesn't indicate (AP) or (NYTimes) or whatever.
If it's a newspaper that takes replying letters to the editor,
or at least to the author, it deserves a reply.
The reason I ran a remailer was that it we can prevent violent people from telling others what they can and can't say, whether those violent people are
spouse-beating individuals or citizen-beating governments,
and any one person in the world can stand up to all of them.
That doesn't mean it won't be abused (of course it will,
and I eventually took mine down because of abuse, as most remailer-operators have), but we don't have to put up
with violence any more.
Yes, and if they worked, there wouldn't be a need for a National Coalition Against Censorship :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-30 19:52:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Avi in Cryptonomicon 
Also, there had been some discussion of whether the crazy General was Chinese, and whether Neal had something against Chinese.
There were actually three crazy generals.  One was Macarthur (:-)
One was the Japanese general, who I think was only referred to as
"The General", who was responsible for the prison camp that buried all the gold and had the workers killer.
The other was General Wing (in the Randy Waterhouse thread),
who had been Goto Denko's coworker who escaped after they
flooded the gold storage mine.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2000-09-30 22:39:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CDR: Re: More Columbine fall-out 
The police and fire departments want them so that if there's an
emergency, they can get at them quickly.
The blueprints registered at the town/township/county building department
were probably looked at once and stuck in a box, maybe kept in a warehouse,
and not looked at again once the check cleared (or in the case of
New Jersey, once the required bribe was paid.)
Not something you can get to in a hurry, if it was even kept.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-04-04 18:28:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Affording an attorney... 
There's not only no stipulation about whether you can afford counsel,
there's no stipulation about the government paying for counsel,
or about counsel having to be a licensed or trained attorney.
It only says you're allowed to HAVE counsel.
The business about the government paying for an attorney for you
is based on the Supreme Court's *interpretation* of this amendment
concluding that the right to bring counsel with you is pretty lame
if you can't afford to pay counsel, and that therefore the government
ought to pay for counsel for the indigent.
There's also no right to insist that the government provide you with
*good* counsel - public defenders have a reputation of providing
service quality similar to government-funded health care,
at best idealistic until they get too jaded, but the competent ones
are overworked to the point that you still don't get great support.
If you want to argue about assistance of counsel in cases like Jim Bell's,
you're better off trying to argue that counsel should "assist",
not "hinder", and that people who don't want the negative assistance of
counsel that doesn't do what they want should be allowed to dump their PD,
not be told that only the PD and not they themselves have the right to speak.
(A quick read of Declan's description of one day of the trial sounded
like Bell's counsel was trying to help, perhaps competently,
and helping Bell is a tough job for anybody....)

@_date: 2001-04-04 18:55:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
Well, we *could* act like good Libertarian party member and
go for the internecine warfare (:-)
As Kissinger once said, the reason academic politics is so vicious
is because the stakes are so low, and that often applies to
philosophically oriented parties, where it's calm rational Libertarians
or loony Constitutionists or Trotskyites....
Jim Choate's characterization of Seth's opposition to Libertarianism
isn't particularly precise or accurate, but Seth and Jim both do
strongly disagree with various aspects of _L_ibertarian philosophy,
_l_ibertarian philosophy and economics, and their adherents.
Certainly if Libertarians can find reasons to passionately disagree with
other libertarians and act like obsessive bull-headed kooks,
non-Libertarians can do so as well :-)  And if you're not sufficiently
satisfied going after the level-headed mainstream academics like
David Friedman, we'll be happy to find somebody out on the lunatic fringe
to keep you occupied tweaking your favorite pet issues....

@_date: 2001-04-06 11:55:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: San Francisco Cypherpunks, 4/7, 1pm, Moscone Center 
Saturday April 7 Cypherpunks Meeting in San Francisco.
The meeting will be at Moscone Center North,
The room number will be finalized in a couple of hours,
and we'll post signs at the door as well as sending out mail.
This is the FIRST Saturday of the month, because the RSA conference will be
the following week and many usual suspects from out of town will be around.
The meeting will start at 1pm, and will be followed by dinner afterwards.
Agenda: The primary agenda is discussion of the work people are doing,
projects, things you're playing with, current events in crypto and privacy.
If you'd like to give a talk, please contact Bill or DDT.
 From BART or MUNI:
 From Caltrain:
Driving: 4th st goes South, 3rd goes North, Howard goes West.
Parking: Official Parking Map

@_date: 2001-04-06 13:31:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Seth Finkelstein, reluctant cypherpunk? 
Seth is a long-term contributor to the Cyberia-L list,
which a reasonable number of Cypherpunks also read
or at least occasionally post to, including Declan and JYA.
He's been a major contributor with The Censorware Project
(which I gather is a trying to restart after a previous
death-by-infighting that followed a few years of good work)
and is strongly in the anti-censorware camp as opposed to the
censorware-will-save-us-by-deflecting-worse-forms-of-censorship camp.
He does computer consulting (not sure what type),
and is one of the technologist/activist types on Cyberia-L
rather than one of the lawyers.
And yes, as some people have commented, he does flame against
Libertarianism, among other things, but he's also
a strong supporter of free speech.

@_date: 2001-04-06 18:33:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE*N: San Francisco Cypherpunks, 4/7, 1pm, Moscone 
Saturday April 7 Cypherpunks Meeting in San Francisco.
The meeting will be at Moscone Center North, in Room 122.
Go in the door, take the escalators downstairs.
We've been told that we shouldn't need badges to get to the room
(and they're still setting up the exhibit floor),
but if that turns out to be incorrect, check with the registration desk
and ask for Kellie.    Bill's cellphone is +1-415-307-7119,
but cellphone reception on Moscone is normally poor to non-existent :-)
This is the FIRST Saturday of the month, because the RSA conference will be
the following week and many usual suspects from out of town will be around.
The meeting will start at 1pm, and will be followed by dinner afterwards.
Agenda: The primary agenda is discussion of the work people are doing,
projects, things you're playing with, current events in crypto and privacy.
Several people have said they'd like to talk; please contact Bill or DDT.
 From BART or MUNI:
 From Caltrain:
Driving: 4th st goes South, 3rd goes North, Howard goes West.
Parking: Official Parking Map

@_date: 2001-04-10 21:46:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: Jim Bell Trial: Fourth Day (fwd) 
At least for a while, the Oregon DMV sold their database on CDROMs.
Then somebody upset them by putting one of the CDROMs on the web :-)
The web version didn't let you look up by name, just by license plate,
but Senator Mark Hatfield wife's license plate is AAA111 or 111AAA,
I forget which, and doing a relatively complete search was pretty trivial.

@_date: 2001-04-10 23:19:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: bit disturbance 
Interesting problem, but how is it related to Feistel nets?
Is there other work that you know about (not referenced in the
NYTimes article) that suggests it?
Hamming codes are the standard error-correcting code things.

@_date: 2001-04-11 00:19:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Jim Bell Trial: Second Day 
Any large company, particularly in the telecom business,
gets lots of subpoenas, lawsuits, etc., and it makes sense to have
somebody in their corporate legal department who's the front end
for managing that sort of thing.  Telecom companies not only
have regulatory issues that generate lots of paperwork,
sometimes initiated by the company, sometimes by governments,
and sometimes by third parties (often the competition),
but they also have lots of trucks and backhoes digging up streets,
which leads to whole rafts of opportunities for lawyers :-)
A particularly special case is wiretap requests and similar
demands for information about customers.  You *don't* want those to be
handled by some random droid - you want them to be handled by a
lawyer who's got lots of clue about what kinds of requests are legal,
what are non-supportable fishing expeditions, where the boundaries are,
what to do with requests that might divulge information about non-named and how to find the right people in the to deal with any requests that they are going to honor.
Ideally, you'd want this lawyer to be a junkyard dog too-cranky-for-the-ACLU type,
rather than someone who rolls over if asked nicely,
but there's also a lot of need for responding to subpoenas for
billing records in civil disputes where you'd expect the carrier to respond.

@_date: 2001-04-11 18:31:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Janet Reno speaking at UC Berkeley Graduation, 9 May 01. 
The San Francisco Chronicle reports that the University of
California at Berkeley has selected Janet Reno to speak at graduation.
The ceremony will be held at the Greek Theater on 9 May,
and is only open to graduating students and their families (oh, well :-)
The San Francisco Cacophany Society reports late-breaking news
that a draft of her speech has been leaked to the public.

@_date: 2001-04-13 13:11:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Remailers - Packet Radio on the International Space Station 
There's a slashdot article about the digipeater on the ISS.
You basically send packets up and it repeats them back down.
More technical details on It's a low-volume thing, and only works when the space station is visible
but would be an interesting hack for remailers.
There are already a few repeaters that take the packet radio
downlink and mirror it to the Internet.
Heavens-above.com also has a list of a few dozen amateur satellites,
though it doesn't say which if any are used for packet data
as opposed to voice.

@_date: 2001-04-13 15:10:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: abnormal mental condition: Ninth Ct Model Criminal Jury 
Does this include "The prosecutor was paranoid" or
"was the judge *stoned* or just senile?" as reasons to acquit?

@_date: 2001-04-13 15:42:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Recommendations for RSA in C++ 
There's always "RSA in N lines of Really Ugly Perl" :-)
RSA only takes a couple of operations - easy to write it yourself
if you've got a bignum package, like the GMP Gnu Multiple Precision
math package.  The harder part, if you need to implement it also,
is finding big primes, but you may find code for that also.
Most or all of the international versions of PGP don't use RSAREF.
If you can find a version of "PGP 2.3" or earlier,
it predates the RSAREF code use, and is much smaller than
modern PGP bloatware (largely through lack of a GUI.)
Depending on the licenses those use,
you may be able to snag their code.

@_date: 2001-04-13 15:50:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: GPS bugs (was: Jim Bell Trial: Third Day (fwd)) 
> > The power supply was a considerable source of speculation.  If the bug had
 > > been attached to the battery, then it would have been much more  > > Stories had it that Bell had checked under the hood; it would not take
 > > more than a VOM to detect a discharge.
"Whatever recharges the battery" in a car is the alternator.
You'd wire it up to a battery feed instead - the lighting system
is distributed widely enough around the car that that's probably convenient
if you want to put it somewhere harder to see.
Doesn't matter - they're not trying to locate Bell within 100 feet
to target him with nuclear weapons, just keep general track of where
he's going and be able to demonstrate where his car was at least to the
across-the-state-line level of accuracy.

@_date: 2001-04-15 18:15:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reading List (for the umpteenth time....) 
The book wasn't just about Ender being raised to be the Last Bugkiller.
Much of the activity was Ender's brother and sister
carrying on conversations on The Net, with multi-layered
reputation systems affecting who got invited to speak
on particular mailing lists, who got listened to, etc.
Some of the cypherpunks implications were that we all saw
reputation systems as a goal that Really Made Sense,
but also that turn out to be much harder to implement,
even on non-fictional paper, than to describe in fiction.
What kinds of algorithms do you use?  How do people outfox them?
How do you deal with not only the real Detweilers,
but with people using the kinds of pseudonym hacks that
Detweiler was constantly ranting against, such as creating a
bunch of pseudonyms that all give each other positive ratings
and positive reviews of each others' articles,
to create a bunch of reputation capital that's undeserved
and can later be burned if needed.
And what are the chances that Tim's email filters still
toss out discussions about Detweiler?  :-)

@_date: 2001-04-15 18:20:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: chaffing and winnowing 
Other than the initial flurry of activity around the announcement,
there isn't much in chaffing and winnowing that's
really useful in most real-world environments
that would encourage development of new variations.
The fundamental point was that if *any* kind of digital signature
system is permitted, it can be used to implement encryption,
so bans on encryption technology are inherently bogus.
That doesn't mean that various governments won't try it,
or won't make laws requiring users of digital signature systems
to give up their signature keys when ordered by a court
or sometimes by police, but it doesn't really affect the
forced disclosure of encryption keys problem.

@_date: 2001-04-16 09:19:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Culture of Secrecy, Disinformation, and , Propaganda... 
I don't know if Jim meant to send that reply about Usenet;
the sentence was chopped off in the middle, just after the
glaring incorrectness :-)  Usenet's newsgroup conventions have
been controlled by various Cabals over the years, but participation
has always been optional, and John Gilmore created the alt.groups
precisely to make it explicitly continue to be optional.
That doesn't prevent most newsgroups from turning into
permanent flamewars or dumping grounds for spammers....
But Usenet today doesn't really work the way the original
decentralized Usenet did.  NNTP allows clients to connect to
big servers, and the volume of traffic has become too large
for small sites to get a complete feed, so there's increasing
concentration at the bigger ISPs' news servers.
A few years ago, a friend who runs a small ISP estimated that a
full Usenet feed required "3 T1s, or 1 T1 if you don't get the porn groups"
and it's presumably gotten much larger since then.
"Nobody goes there any more - it's too crowded."
Napster was designed for a central index server,
but that didn't scale and the protocols were reverse-engineered
to make it easy to provide OpenNap servers that aren't
part of the Napster.Com server cluster.
It's still more vulnerable than Usenet or Gnutella,
but the model does scale decently once everybody ignores
the main Napster folks and moves to offshore servers :-)
Jim Choate replied to Ray Dillinger:
 > > Usenet is an example of a system which is fully distributed.
 > Actually this has the same limitations as the 'Napster' model,
 > it requires a centralized
 > > If all the backbone nodes went down tomorrow, a thousand linux geeks
 > > across the country could work out the news routing software and
 > > could put it back up without them inside of a week.
 > The same could be said for Napster or any other software once the
 > 'intellecutal property' is widely enough know. Something to do with
 > 'advancing the state' I suspect.

@_date: 2001-04-17 21:40:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Timothy McVeigh 
Ramsey Clark, former US Attorney General and well-known leftie,
did a movie about the Yankee-Iraqi war.  He drove about 1000 miles
in a week during the heavy bombing period - a lot of driving around
at night with no headlights (so the Yankees don't bomb him,
but at major risk of driving into craters in the road)
and interviewing people who'd been affected.
Some of the notable interviews were a neighborhood in Bagdhad that
had half a dozen buildings bombed by US attempts to take out a bridge -
the locals were starting to think about blowing it up themselves
in self-defense when the US finally succeeded.
Clark did a segment at the notorious "baby milk factory",
and while it probably was legitimate, his film *really* looked like
somebody trying to make a propaganda coverup pretending that
this  factory was a
baby milk factory.  There was a pallet of bags of white powder
with a sign in English saying "Baby Milk" on it, etc.
Not one of the high points of an otherwise excellent movie.
Of course, leave aside issues like the appropriateness or
safety of baby formulas as a substitute for breast-feeding -
many of the same liberals who watched the film have been boycotting
Nestle' for years (and watching the Nestle' borg buy up the industry)
because of their dishonest promotion of these products in the
third world where average people don't have safe water supplies
and can't afford the product, and would be much better off
spending the money improving the nutrition of the babies' mothers...

@_date: 2001-04-18 09:51:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: hello, I would like to learn how to hack a bit 
But the opposite will also get you in trouble -
if you allow certain plants to grow on your property,
numerous federal agencies will _also_ be very, very angry :-)
And if you try to argue that *you're* not growing the plants,
the plants are doing the growing themselves,
they'll bust you for aiding and abetting plants...
Here's a bit "1".  Here's another "0".  Hack away....

@_date: 2001-04-19 00:03:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: ~400 bits - New Discrete Log Record due to Joux and 
120 digits is about 400 bits, and while the computer is respectably fast,
it's just 4 processors.  (Remember that Alpha MHz != Pentium MHz.)
10 weeks of preprocessing, plus about 12 hours per key afterwards.
So 512-bit Diffie-Hellman is pretty close to toast,
at least if you re-use the modulus, and likewise 512-bit El Gamal.

@_date: 2001-08-02 01:31:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Stegotext in usenet as offsite backup 
"Your message may cost the net hundreds if not thousands of dollars."
Usenet may be effective for Blacknet and samizdat and
unreliable storage of critical secrets where the Fedz won't
stomp them all out, but it doesn't scale well for normal backups.
You can use one of those "100megsfree.com" sites, or buy storage,
and use some anonymizer to stash your stuff there.
The real advantage of using Usenet as opposed to a non-broadcast medium
is that it's much harder for eavesdroppers to find the people reading it
when they're targeting the writer, so you can use a Blacknet service anywhere;
if that's not relevant, then don't bother.
A broadcast medium like Usenet used to flood the net with
huge numbers of copies for a week or so, and after that
only a few archive sites like Deja would have it in findable form.
That's probably less true today, since more people read it
with NNTP on their ISP's machine, and many non-huge ISPs
use a small number of NNTP service providers instead of doing their own,
while the Dejanews-like services are less dependable.
Stegoizing usually inflates your data by a factor of 10 or so,
if you're trying to use credible stego (as opposed to simply titling
your cyphertext as pic12345.jpg or maybe adding some file headers.)
The real problem is that most of the searchable Usenet archive services
ignore binary attachments, so they won't keep the contents of your file.
So you'll need to use a stego system that turns it into text,
like Peter Wayner's Mimic Functions or Dilbert's Pointy-Haired-Boss-Speak,
adding yet another layer of content inflation.
Anything you post on Usenet is pretty much toast.
If you make plaintext world readable, it's world copyable;
if you don't like that, only post cyphertext.
Maybe the Berne Convention theoretically protects you, but so what?
You're proposing putting this stuff on Usenet instead of a storage site
because it's too hot for you to handle, so don't expect the
US copyright system to help you much :-)
It's especially rough on any Plausible Deniability you might have had.

@_date: 2001-08-02 10:26:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Just because it is made public doesn't mean it's 
It's not that straightforward, because Postol has a security clearance,
so he's under more restrictions than somebody who doesn't.
If he obtained the information entirely from already-public sources,
as opposed to obtaining documents with classification markings
that don't also have declassification markings on them,
he should be safe from prosecution, but that doesn't mean they
can't pop his security clearance for it.

@_date: 2001-08-07 01:47:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Advertisements on Web Pages 
It'd be a fine way to finance Assassination Politics, except the people
advertising that way are also the primary targets :-)
Most of those annoying things use JavaScript, which you should
normally keep turned off unless there's a page you *really* want to see
badly enough that you're willing to risk allowing to run dangerous stupid code
on your browser.  Some of them may use Java instead.
A slightly cuter technique is to pop up the new advertising window *behind*
the windows with the real content.  When you're done reading the
real windows and close them, the ad's sitting there politely waiting for you,
trying to sell you that X10 camera yet again.

@_date: 2001-08-07 02:01:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Voice crypto: the last crypto taboo 
CDPD is available flat rate in much of the country;
not sure if the performance is adequate for voice, though.
(I haven't tried it, but unfortunately I'd guess "not close"...
the throughput is about 19.2 before overhead, ~14+ after,
but there's likely to be way too much jitter and/or latency
because it rides alongside the voice cellular.)
Circuit-switched cellular modems are available, but too slow
for most speech systems, though perhaps the 5.6kbps coders will work.
Metricom, of course, is in the process of biting the dust hard this time.
802.11 networks are starting to emerge rapidly, if the recent
WEP crypto cracks don't kill them off and if they find their own business (Starbucks wins by having you sit in their stores buying overpriced coffee;
airport-located systems win by charging business travellers money.
Most US-Wandering Cypherpunks who need cryptophones while travelling
are within two blocks of a Starbucks :-)
2.5G GPRS Wireless is available in about half of Seattle,
and should be available much more widely in a year or so,
so depending on the pricing model it might be usable.
The general question of "How do you make money on encrypted IP voice?"
is a subset of "How do you make money on IP voice?",
a hotly contested issue in the market right now.
Wireless companies will be happy to charge by the minute,
and the coffeeshop pricing was mentioned above.

@_date: 2001-08-09 02:07:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE CYPHERPUNKS Saturday, Aug 11, 1-5pm, Stanford 
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2001 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info
DATE:   Saturday 11 August 2001
TIME:   1:00 - 5:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  Tressider Student Union Courtyard,
         Stanford University Campus
         Palo Alto, California, USA
    "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
As usual, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited.
Some events and topics that have been happening recently
include Sklyarov, Defcon, Worms From The Borg, and New FBI directors.
PGP is ten years old!  Several of us were at Phil Z's talk.
The 802.11 WEP Wireless Encryption Protocol has been cracked
even more thoroughly.  The Fedz couldn't crack Nicky Scarfo's PGP key,
but they could steal his passphrase by cracking his computer.
    The Stanford meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our
    outdoor summer meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the
    Stanford University campus (in Palo Alto, California), at the end of
    Santa Theresa, at the tables outside Tressider Union, just west of
    Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We meet at the tables on the West side of the building, inside the
    horseshoe "U" formed by the Tresidder building. Ask anyone on campus
    where "Tresidder" or the "Student Union" is and they'll help you find it.
    If the weather is bad, we'll meet inside.
    Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tresidder.
    Location Maps:
          (zoomed detail view):
     Printable Stanford Map (407k).
    GPS Coordinates: 37d23:40 N 122d04:49 W
    If you get lost on the way, you can try calling:
      +1.415.307.7119 (Bill)
If you have questions, comments or last-minute agenda requests, please contact the
meeting organizers:
     Bill Stewart bill.stewart at pobox.com
     Dave Del Torto ddt at cryptorights.org

@_date: 2001-08-09 21:04:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Making text difficult for OCR? 
It depends a lot on your threat model.  If the people who want a copy
are determined enough, they'll just retype it :-)
If you're trying to make signs that video-cameras can't read,
that's a different problem than trying to publish comic books
that teenagers with too much time on their hands can't scan,
or trying to publish source code on paper so that your customers
can inspect the crypto without being able to scan/modify/compile it.
(The latter may satisfy the Gnu Public License (:-), but isn't
particularly useful for crypto, because people can't use it to
produce a binary they can trust...)
If your problem is to make the OCR job require enough manual tweaking
that the reader might as well just retype it, here's what I'd do:
split up each letter into multiple pieces, using different colors for
the different parts of the letter, and vary the color maps across the page.
Also do this for the background space.  And dither the pieces!
OCRs usually work by identifying features of the letter (vertical on the left,
horizontal in the middle, vertical in the lower right, etc.),
after deciding what parts are in the letter and what aren't.
So instead of having to find the black stuff on the white background,
or the yellow stuff on the blue background, it's having to find the
green and cyan dither stuff and the aqua and turquoise dither stuff
on the blue and indigo dither background and the indigo and purple background,
and further down the page you've shuffled other colors in and out of the mix.
So even if it's smart enough to edge-detect blobs of dithered stuff
on top of other dithered stuff, the blobs don't add up to recognizable letters -
they add up to fragments that only become a letter if you
put them all together successfully.

@_date: 2001-08-10 20:34:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Hacking Internet Park Benches 
Turns out it's really just a park bench with four phone lines
for laptop users to plug in modems, and nobody'd thought to
block long distance or international calls.
After they'd called their local council, they called
Bill Gates's secretary, but didn't reach Mr. Bill himself.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Friday, August 10, 2001 11:12 AM
 >Date: Fri, 10 Aug 2001 13:35:01 -0400
 >To: farber at cis.upenn.edu (David Farber)
 >From: rsolomon at dsl.cis.upenn.edu (Richard Jay Solomon)
 >Subject: the Internet park bench
 >
 >
Thursday, 9 August, 2001, 13:44 GMT 14:44 UK
Bad start for internet bench
The teenagers took advantage of the free service
Two teenagers discovered the world's first internet bench could be used to
make free international telephone calls.
The cyber-seat, which is based in a public park in Suffolk, UK, went online
on Monday.
Neil Woodman and Dan Sanderson, both 17, took a normal telephone handset
along to the bench, which was created by Microsoft's MSN service in
partnership with the local council.
The pair cheekily phoned St Edmondsbury Council to warn them of the problem
and then tried to call Microsoft boss, Bill Gates.
For archives see:

@_date: 2001-08-12 15:37:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Stem Cell Speech? 
As Tim May pointed out, this isn't an issue of whether to ban the research,
it's an issue of whether to provide Federal Funding to pay for the research.
But the Feds are setting policy about privately-funded human cloning research,
and probably could set policy about embryonic stem cell research if they
wanted to.  The commerce clause is pretty much infinitely extensible,
or they could argue it's Protecting The General Welfare of US homo sapiens,
though of course the real issue is "Mah constituents think it's creepy and
keep rantin' at me about how Ah'd better do something, so of course Ah'll
vote for your bill."
The Equal Protection clause would even work, at least until somebody takes
it to the Supremes and says that Roe vs. Wade bans
Special Rights for Early Americans.
You could even stretch the DMCA far enough to cover it - either the
embryo or its parents owns copyright on the DNA, and there are technical
methods used to protect copying (so the cells only turn into the
kinds of body parts they're supposed to), and developing a mechanism
to evade that protection is a violation of the DMCA even if the
individual copyright owners participating in the research don't mind
having their DNA copied.
On a more serious note, I hope that any laws and policies they write
banning cloning are narrowly limited.  Lots of people get upset about
cloning *entire* humans, creating a new human being who's a pseudo-twin
of the original one, but that's much different from cloning body parts,
such as creating a clone of your liver or kidneys to replace the damaged ones.
A ban on the latter would be a real tragedy.

@_date: 2001-08-12 16:02:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Secret Warrants 
It's not a request that makes sense -
- you can detect electromagnetic radiation emanating from your house,
         if you're willing to look at a wide enough range of frequencies
         and can differentiate from other similar radiation, such as that
         from your computer or your tv or cabletv or vcr or power line or PDA
         (if you're not in a single-family home) your neighbors.
         Costs money, probably too much work, difficult, but semi-possible.
= you might be able to detect changes in the analog side of your phone line,
         at least if they're twiddling it nearby where you can watch them,
         but they can diguise that by working from a Phone Company truck.
         You've got no chance of detecting tapping on the digital side.
- Neither of these methods will detect equipment that lurks around
         waiting for commands before transmitting.
- It's also difficult to detect elint eavesdropping hardware in your
         neighbor's place that's pointed at you, especially if you have many neighbors.
- It's difficult to detect black-box jobs that add hardware features to your PC;
         you might see bump-in-the-cord keyloggers, but you probably won't see
         anything hidden inside the case itself.  Epoxying everything together
         can reduce this risk, and increase the chances that you'll notice,
         especially if your PC is a laptop that you stick in the safe when
         you're not using it or carrying it.  But you're not that paranoid.
- It's difficult to detect software changes - you can discourage them by
         using a Real Operating System instead of Windows, and running
         things like Tripwire that detect changes in critical files,
         and of course making sure that nobody's snuck in and swapped the
         CDROMs of software you're using for bugged versions so that the
         next time your hard disk crashes and you need to reinstall Red Hat or Win2001
         or applications get hosed and you need to reinstall Palm tools or other apps that
         you're not getting bugware as well.
A much easier approach is to bug your own place - set up your cheap camera
         pointing toward your PC desk, with that small pc running
         motion detection and tracking who's been there.
         Or at least use a burglar alarm that's got some off-site or
         other reliable mechanism for telling you when you've been burgled.
         In Nicky Scarfo's case, picking alarm companies is a tough decision -
         being in a Mafia Watch neighborhood is find for non-players'          but players have to worry whether they're being set up by

@_date: 2001-08-21 08:03:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ex-MI6 agent put porn on police computer 
I guess that's another case of "Military Intelligence is an oxymoron"....

@_date: 2001-08-21 09:49:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition  
Also, most laptops have a VGA connector on the back, which leaks heavily.
An external VGA screen might be a bit quieter, because the cables can be but it still depends on how capable the attacker is.
And basically, if the Feds are sitting outside your house listening
to whatever they can from your computer, you've already blown your security :-)
Shoulda used Blacknet.

@_date: 2001-08-22 18:00:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Send Law Students, Idealists and Grant Proposals.  Was:  
The movie ending was an annoying wimpout compared to the book,
but there were some scenes that they did well,
particularly the one where Hackman and the other lawyers are
telling Cruz the importance of "Billing".
Directly applicable in parts of the computer consulting biz....

@_date: 2001-08-22 18:07:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Lawyers, Guns, and Money 
XML's a decent match with tuples, and providing an easily
standardized and malleable data interchange format is not only
an easy thing to bolt on but a potentially big win for usability,
as well as providing the lastest buzzword compliance.
Of course, just because you *can* use it to make things cleaner
instead of uglier and more complex doesn't mean you have to.
Lots of the recent user interface trends are a waste of, umm, skins.
A certain 3.5-letter-acronym company or its suppliers recently
put lots of effort into enhancing its secure VPN dialer product,
and I *wish* they'd focused on testing the Mac product instead of
doing customizable look&feel for the Windoze versions...

@_date: 2001-08-22 18:16:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special edition  
Back when I was playing with that technology,
there was no such thing as "cheap, effective, portable" :-)
The three main applications for shielding were
- FCC-grade quietness - so your neighbors don't complain about TV interference,
         but that's not enough to stop eavesdroppers
- TEMPEST-certified equipment, which not only needs the
         technical capabilities correct but also the testing and paperwork,
         which tended to add ~$5000 per PC.
- ElectroMagnetic Compatibility (EMC) testing, which uses
         big shielded rooms to make quiet environments for testing hardware in.
         The technology's pretty similar to TEMPEST-room shielding,
         except that you put the noisy stuff outside instead of inside,
         but it's the big expensive non-portable end of the product spectrum.

@_date: 2001-08-22 18:49:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Voluntary Mandatory Self-Ratings and Limits on Speech 
If you're talking about tobacco advertising or dirty pictures on the Net,
politicians will tell you "Oh, No, the Freedom-of-speech-and-press stuff
in the First Amendment isn't about that, it's about protecting political But if you're talking about campaign finance, "well, no, elections are too
important to let people with money pay to have their opinions published,
that would corrupt the election process."
We've got a current case in California, reported in the 8/21 SF Chronicle,
where Gov. Gray Davis is asking a judge to block psuedonymous TV ads
criticizing his atrocious mishandling of the electricity crisis.
This is pure political speech, not even mentioning elections or opposing just slamming the "Gray-outs from Gray Davis".
According to the article by Ray Delgado, Davis's campaign committee sued,
complaining that the American Taxpayers Alliance, based in DC, broke
California law by not registering with the CA secretary of state
as a political organization and not disclosing the identities of its donors.
They spent about $2M, and it's headed by Scott Reed, a Republican
campaign consultant, and registed with the IRS as a non-profit corporation.
Delgado says that Time Magazine identified Reliant Energy as a big contributor,
and the Center for Responsive Politics says their prime donors are oil&gas (big surprise there, eh?)  The Alliance's lawyer, James Bopp, says that this
ad is an assessment of the gov's performance in office, and protected by the First.
Davis's mouthpiece is Joseph Remcho, and the Judge is
San Francisco Superior Court Judge David Garcia.
(Of course, I'd be extremely surprised if the ad also criticizes Davis's
predecessor, Republican Party Reptile Pete Wilson, whose economic cluelessness
got us into this mess, leaving behind a system that would take *far* more
economic competence than any major Democrat can be expect to have to repair

@_date: 2001-08-22 19:09:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Voice crypto:  
Tim, Dr. Evil, and others were talking about Starium and other secure voice.
The Voice Over IP market has been growing rapidly,
with wiretappability built in,  and the Fax Effect making it more likely that
if you're on a VOIP call over the Internet or telcos it's insecure.
The primary standard in use is H.323, which doesn't do crypto
and which picks its TCP ports in ways that are hard to simply force
through IPSEC unless you're doing that for all your traffic.
Some of the followon standards may help, and there are other
VOIP systems out there (mostly proprietary), but H.323 is dominant.
SIP and MGCP are more wrappers around H.323 than competitors.
Other than random hobbyists or software developers,
most of the VOIP market is in several categories
- Microsoft Netmeeting users on the Internet (it's free,
         and comes with almost every $50 PC camera.)
- PBX replacements running on companies' private networks,
         behind firewalls and usually not carried on the Internet.
         They're pretty safe; corporate nets can be hacked,
         at least by insiders, but so can PBXs.
- International carriers providing gateways between US and non-US
         telcos, generally with the Internet in the middle
         but sometimes with their own private IP nets in the middle.
         These are tappable at the US telco edge, but for internet-based
         services, the Internet's probably an easier place.
- US companies like Net2Phone that provide cheap connectivity
         from PC users to telcos, and similar businesses being proposed
         but DSL and cable modem providers.  These have the problem that
         CALEA wiretap requirements apply to any telco-like provider,
         and any non-telco ISP or VOIPgate can be tapped at the telco edge.
I've been trying to set up voice communications on Linux that
I can try over IPSEC in my lab, using  to see how it sounds
and what issues come up while using it.  So far, I've confirmed
Hugh Daniel's comments that sound card support on Linux is dodgy,
unreliable, and a real pain.  Once I've got stable operating systems again
that don't complain about missing sound-chip driver modules,
I'll probably just run Windows (sigh) Netmeeting across the freeswan
and also across the Nortel Contivity stuff we're installing.

@_date: 2001-08-22 23:00:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable    
[The remailer-bandwidth sub-thread...]
Attention *is* the limited resource; if it can be turned into
script-kiddie-fodder it's ostensibly possible to get lots more.
The big wins with Zero Knowledge were supposed to be two things -
professionalizing the software so it's easy to install,
and a business model that encourages ISPs to keep it around
so you're not constantly worrying about getting kicked off your ISP,
which leads to much of the monitoring that requires ongoing attention.
Doesn't look like they won, but I'm glad they tried.
Julf's original remailer ran on a 486 fed by a 64kbps private line.
Modern remailers may get enough more traffic than that, but I doubt it -
that's 691MB/day if you're not worried about really fast response time.
I think most of the current remailers get a few thousand messages/day,
probably averaging less than 10KB/message, so there's plenty of Headroom.
Encryption burns a lot of CPU, but CPU's pretty near free these days.
If the system gets used for Napster-like services, however,
that involves lots more traffic.
Cable modems don't gain you much - there's great downstream speed,
so the remailer doesn't interfere with your other usage much
and you can absorb bursts of traffic, but the upstream is usually limited
to 128kbps in most of the US - only double the capacity of Julf's.
Also, most cable-modem carriers have highly short-sighted views of
what activities they want to allow and how many complaints they'll tolerate,
so you could get the boot pretty fast if you're not a middleman or in-only.
Petro's example of a colo site with dual gigabit feeds is more interesting,
though that's highly unlikely to be full-time access for Gig-E per host,
and most host computers can't keep up with that kind of load anyway.
Still, the last estimate I heard for Usenet (probably 2-3 years old)
was that the non-binaries used about 1 T1 full-time and the binaries used 2 so that's a total of ~5Mbps of drivel delivered right to your doorstep;
remailers definitely should be smaller than that Until It Changes.
Somebody said that remailers are pretty far down on the list of people
who the government wants to Squash.  True, but it wouldn't be hard to get
most of them shut down quickly if they did want to, either directly
in the US and cooperating countries, or through online cracker attacks
elsewhere (particularly by harassing the ISPs of the remailer operators,
who may not fold to overseas political pressure but don't like being attacked.)

@_date: 2001-08-22 23:08:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Traceable Infrastructure is as vulnerable as traceable  
n amics.com>
Dual Counter was a serious crypto product that was broken and failed.
But Skipjack was apparently strong enough, within the limits of 80-bit keys,
and while the academic whitewash team didn't have time for more than a
cursory examination, that wasn't the real problem with the system.
After all, it came with a guaranteed wiretap capability,
was a clear political scam, and rapidly acquired public hatred and ridicule,
plus the only advantage it had was being stronger than 1-DES,
which was in practice strong enough for almost all non-money-transfer apps.
The whole system reeked badly, but the Skipjack part was the strongest link.

@_date: 2001-08-23 09:07:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bomb Law Reporter - special TEMPEST edition  
This stuff was a *lot* easier when computers were slower.
I used to test my TEMPEST room at 450MHz, since that was high enough frequency
to cover any realistic level of emissions from the upper harmonics from the and it was also a short enough wavelength that leaks were pretty detectable.
It doesn't take much to get a leak - copper foil on a joint wearing out,
or the copper mesh we'd stuff inside gaskets getting set unevenly.
The waveguides we used for fiber or air vents were typically 1/8 inch wide
and an inch or two deep - and if you pushed a paperclip halfway through you'd
twang the leak meter.
Well, that was fine for computers that were around 10MHz.
These days, when 1GHz is slow, there's tons of stray energy above that,
and that stuff is much more penetrating, plus you've got all the
100 and 133MHz memory and disk bus stuff.
Fortunately, the equipment runs at much lower power levels;
you can run on batteries instead of 208-volt 3-phase (:-),
but I'm still glad I don't have to design a room or even a box
for that level of tightness.
That room was still in active use with a VAX 8650; we retired it
about when we put in the Sparcstation 1 or 1+ - were those 25MHz?

@_date: 2001-08-23 09:26:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Top Firms Retreat Into Bunker To Ward Off 'Anarchists' 
That's rather old news, and was even rather old news when the newspapers
discovered it; the "anarchist protestors" PR spin was just taking advantage
of current events to hook an article on.
Ben Laurie and thebunker.net are well known in cypherpunks circles,
and you'll find a fair bit of discussion in the cypherpunks archives.
IIRC, they were even bidding on a second bunker for expansion space,
though given the last 3 months' transition in the US internet hosting space (from "We're all building like mad!" to "Ohhh, noooo!  What a glut!")
I hope they're able to make the right financial choices.
The UK is probably not flooded with the things yet, and
while a nuclear-proof bunker may be overkill for offsite backup space,
you do need a certain level of security and reliable power
if you're in a business like banking that can't afford to lose data.
Also see the last month's worth of userfriendly.org/static cartoons....

@_date: 2001-08-23 09:42:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Space War" 
Bamford's book "Body of Secrets" has a lot of good discussion on
moon-bounce work by the NSA.  As Phillip wrote, two of the main
applications were passive eavesdropping on Soviet communucations
(though satellites later did a *much* better job) and
very non-directional communications to/from spy ships.

@_date: 2001-08-23 09:49:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: 10'th Anniversary 
Cranks have been up on the list since pretty near the beginning....

@_date: 2001-08-24 20:23:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Security Against Compelled Disclosure 
I realize this discussion was a couple of weeks ago, but I'm just catching up to it now :-)
Ignoring the flamage and the inter-listmanager discussions, if possible,
I'd like to address the problem of removing attachments.
Removing big attachments is one thing,
but there are a number of posters whose mail programs use MIME
in ways that are likely to get removed, even if they're just using it
for PGP signatures.  While I'd prefer to encourage such people not to
use formats like that, they *do* happen (especially on the remailer-operators list,
where each different sub-version of Mutt seems to use a different format...)
Tim May periodically flames the users of attachments, and while I agree that
binary attachments are often non-portable and non-readable by many people,
there are attachments that are just text with MIMEage headers around it,
which are perfectly fine - if your reader can't do anything useful to display it,
it *should* be able to show you the raw message body and let you read around
the junk, just as you'd probably read around PGP signature headers.
         Bill

@_date: 2001-08-24 20:56:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Secret Warrants and Black Bag Jobs--Questions 
This discussion has touched on a variety of topics, some of them at cross If you catch one cop in black ninja gear inside your house, and shoot him,
at least in California, you'll probably have legitimate self-defense claims,
and if he did yell "Police", well, dead men tell no tales.
Shooting a blue-uniformed cop inside your house will be much tougher
to get away with, even though it's legally not particularly difficult.
But it's extemely unlikely the cops would be doing a legally-authorized
black-bag job with just one person - much more likely they'd have
two or more, because sneaking into a Mafioso's house alone is dangerous,
and as Dr. Evil points out, they're going to try very hard to make sure
you're not home.  This will probably include knocking on your door under
some pretext, because if you *are* home, they'd much rather have you know
that they're watching you than that they're trying to sneak in and
black-bag your computer.  And it'll probably involve having lookouts
outside to radio the inside man with a "Cheese it, the Mafia!" warning
if you show up at an inopportune time.
Of course, if you shoot multiple cops in black ninja gear outside your house,
even if they're engaged in a military assault, it does tend to annoy
the rest of them leading to unfortunate consequences,
even if you're doing so purely in self-defense.
I have had cops break into my house, looking for a neighbor who had used
my apartment number on his car registration instead of his,
and been the confused occupant acting in a way they didn't expect,
but they weren't a SWAT team; it was a 6am service of an arrest warrant,
with three cops, and they'd been pounding on the door for about 10 minutes
yelling for "Anthony"; I had gotten to bed at 3am, and when enough of the
racket got through to wake me up, I initially assumed it was the neighbor's
friends or non-friends looking for him, though the word "Police" got used
enough I figured I had to go see what was up and staggered down the stairs.
Cop was standing in my front hall, and I yelled at him to close the door so the
cats wouldn't get out enough times to back him outside before we resolved the
other issues.  Unfortunately, I was still asleep enough that I didn't check out
the warrant, so I don't know if he's a Home Invasion Robber or something else
dangerous I should know to avoid, or just was being busted for failing to for a DUI charge which is no threat to me....

@_date: 2001-08-25 14:17:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentenced to 10 years in prison 
Declan - I've found that "Irfanview" is an excellent tool for
reading lots of different graphics formats, including TIFF.
Available at the usual download sites.

@_date: 2001-08-25 16:18:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Top Firms Retreat Into Bunker To Ward Off 'Anarchists' 
Definitely.  That's why any large computing facility makes sure to have
two or more physically separate cable connections, with dual building
entrances, minimum distances between cables, etc.  A nuke bunker probably
was built with the cable exits some distance from the main building,
though depending on the age and paranoia level it may not have been done
with reusable technology (e.g. coax vs. conduit that you can run fiber in.)

@_date: 2001-08-25 17:10:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
The....Comfy Chair?
One of the difficulties of working in the Bay Area is that when conferences
*are* here, I often don't get a chance to get to the daytime parts,
and many of them are price-structured in a way that you can't just
pay for evening events.  So hanging around the lobby and the bar in the evening
is the way to get to them.
For Usenix, that's not so bad - it's always been part relaxicon
as well as session-oriented convention, and more than a few companies
have started out with conversations in the bar....

@_date: 2001-08-25 17:24:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Comped scribblers the bane of conferences 
But PFF is also a Pundit-Con - it gets its value not only from the speakers
and attendees but also from the reporters who attend, and they're as important a
part of the business expenses of the conference as booze and rubber chicken,
and there'd probably be fewer paying attendees without them.
Similarly, at PR-oriented computer conferences (Comdex et al.) that's the case,
while at academic conferences (Crypto in Santa Barbara, for instance),
they're not, and obviously at journalism-oriented conferences they're
the target paying audience so they're not comped.
I suspect Tim's objection to paying high rates for conferences where
journalists are comped is partly due to the content and style of the

@_date: 2001-08-27 00:25:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Thinking About the Crypto Unthinkable 
Hey, I resemble that remark (Undergrad and Master's degree on Operations Cool subset of applied mathematics - it touches on enough different fields,
including the algorithm-analysis stuff that overlaps computer science
and complexity theory, probability and statistics, simulation, scheduling,
inventory theory, graph theory, measure theory, abstract stuff like matroids.
Good for looking at systems design, and it worked well for me,
though you risk being too generalist and not specific enough at anything.
Unfortunately the whole field of Linear Programming changed just about
the time I left college :-), with Karmarkar's work showing that
LP could be done in polynomial time (though with a big ugly constant multiplier
that means that the theoretically-exponential Simplex algorithm tends to converge faster.)
There was work from operations research that was on the rather bogus side,
like the stuff that encouraged development of square pineapples because the
cans fit tighter on shelves than round ones....

@_date: 2001-08-27 20:26:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Chaum's Workshop on Trustworthy Elections - this week, Tomales 
OK, so it's a bit late, but I was going through recent RISKS Digests.
26-29 August 2001, Tomales Bay, California: WOTE (Workshop on Trustworthy
Elections) is a small research-oriented workshop devoted to advancing
technologies for election integrity and ballot secrecy, organized by David
Chaum and Ronald L. Rivest.  Topics include: Cryptographic protocols,
computer security, audit, operational procedures, certification,
tamper-resistance, document security, integrity, ballot secrecy, voter
authentication, all as related to trustworthy elections.

@_date: 2001-08-28 09:17:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy 
Slashdot is reporting that they've backed off in response
to negative public pressure.
So for the moment you don't need to wear a mask to shop there,
though they're probably still using cameras,
and in many parts of the UK the local government is
also videotaping the street.
David Brin's book "The Transparent Society" suggests that you
might as well get used to it.  Technological change driven by
the Moore's Law effects in computing power are making
video cameras and computer image processing get cheaper rapidly,
so the marginal benefit of using them doesn't have to be very high
to outweigh the marginal cost.  The real issues are still getting data,
but the costs of sharing data are low and getting lower,
and the government intervention that forces everyone to use
picture ID to do almost anything makes it easier.
Brin's conclusion is that since we won't be able to stop it,
we should work to make sure government activities are
open and watchable by the public.
Similarly, the cost of correlating non-image data has decreased rapidly -
many of the information collection practices used today date from
the 1960s and 1970s, when a "mainframe" might have a megabyte of RAM,
less than 10 MIPS of CPU, 100MB of fast disk drive, and everything else
was tapes and punchcards, and it required a large staff of people to feed it.
These days you can get pocket computers with ten times that capacity,
and a $5000 desktop Personal Computer can have a gigabyte of RAM and
a terabyte of disk drive with the Internet to feed it data;
that's enough for the name and address of everybody on Earth,
or a few KB on every American, and online queries are much faster than
the traditional methods requiring offline data sets.
That means that not only can governments and a few big companies decide
to correlate pre-planned sets of data about people, but almost anybody
can do ad-hoc queries on any data it's convenient for them to get,
whether they're individuals or employees of small or large businesses.
So if there's any data about you out there, don't expect it to stay private -
even data that previously wasn't a risk because correlating it was hard.
European-style data privacy laws aren't much help - they're structured for a
world in which computers and databases were big things run by big companies,
rather than everyday tools used by everyone in their personal lives,
and rules requiring making them accessible to the public can be turned around
into rules allowing the government to audit your mobile phone and
your pocket organizer in case there might be databases on them.
American-style data privacy laws are seriously flawed also -
not the fluffy attempts at positive protection for privacy that
liberal Nader types and occasional paranoid conservatives propose,
but the real laws which require increasing collection of data
in ways that are easy to correlate, such as the use of a single Taxpayer ID
for employers, bank accounts, drivers' licenses, and medical records,
"Know Your Customer" laws, national databases of people permitted to work,
documentation proving you're not an illegal alien, etc.
There's lots more data that would be readily available, but the
bureaucrats that collect it restrict access or charge fees that
reflect the pre-computer costs of providing the information.
If you need a reminder, go buy a house and look at the junk mail you get,
or have your neighbor's deadbeat kid register his car with your
apartment number instead of his and see what shows up.

@_date: 2001-08-28 11:39:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Scarfo Judge Politan lets FBI Not Tell how bugging was done. 
Sigh.  The FBI buggers convinced Nicky Da Judge to let them slide.
FBI let off cyber snooping hook
By Kieren McCarthy
Posted: 28/08/2001 at 10:41 GMT
The FBI has been let of the hook in its court case against mobster Nicodemo Scarfo. US District Judge Nicholas Politan has now ruled that the Bureau will not have to reveal precisely how it managed to log evidence that Mr Scarfo was involved in illegal gambling and loan sharking.
Mr Scarfo's lawyers claim that the FBI bugged him without possession of a bugging warrant and so the evidence it gathered is inadmissible in court since it was obtained illegally.
Previously Judge Politan said the FBI would have to reveal how it managed to bug Mr Scarfo's computer after it had failed to unscramble encrypted files on his computer. Not unreasonably, the judge said that for him to decide whether it had been obtained legally or not, he would have to know the method that was used. This information would have had to be given to the defence.
But the US government has persuaded the judge that the defence should only get an "unclassified summary". How'd it do that? Well, would you believe it but there's some strange law that can be invoked at times such as this. This one is called the Classified Information Procedures Act - which amazingly allows information to be withheld if national security is at risk. The FBI also promised to give a secret meeting in which it would go into further details over how the system worked.
The FBI installed some kind of key-logging software on Mr Scarfo's machine after it failed to crack his encryption software. Since it didn't have a warrant to bug him, Mr Scarfo's lawyers say his constitutional rights have been infringed. The FBI says the technology it is using falls under current bugging legislation but many remain unconvinced and claim the FBI is going beyond current laws.
It doesn't inspire confidence either when the head of the FBI, Robert Mueller, testified to the Senate a few weeks ago that he was "not familiar" with key-logging technology. That seems about as likely as the Pope being a closet Jew, but then Robert wouldn't lie, would he?
Many observers will be concerned at the failure for the American legal system to bring out into the open the unnerving possibilities that the latest technology makes available to intelligence agencies. .
Related Stories
FBI chief Mueller lied to Senate about key-logging
Mafia trial to test FBI psying tactics

@_date: 2001-08-29 23:05:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks <> Crypto-Anarchist 
Some Zen Poetry
         Choat's Noh Crypto Anarchist
         An empty message

@_date: 2001-08-29 23:25:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Stealth Computing Abuses TCP Checksums 
A group of researchers at Notre Dame figured out how to use the
TCP Checksum calculations to get other computers to do number-crunching for The article has the amount of great mathematical depth you'd expect from CNN :-)
But it does say that the paper will be published in "Nature" this week.
It's a really cool hack, though not especially efficient for real work.
Of course, the Slashdot discussion follows typical structure -
there's an interesting technical suggestion (ICMP checksums may be usable
and are probably more efficient than TCP), some trolls and flamers,
the obligatory "Imagine a Beowulf Cluster of those!" comment,
and some speculation about the potential legalities and other uses for it.

@_date: 2001-08-31 22:12:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: USA Today Editorial on Scarfo case, 8/30/01 
On the domestic spying front, USA Today has an editorial
disapproving of the FBI's Scarfo wiretap, and an editorial response
by Edward Allen, former FBI deputy assistant director (the FBI can't
reply directly because of the judge's gag order.)  The FBI front
says predictable things about how the FBI needs to use advanced technology
to keep up with the high-tech dangerous criminals, and how asking for
technical information on sources and methods is going too far.
USA Today's editorial is on the right side of the issue, in some parts
aggressively so (yay!) though they soft-pedal the legal problems in
the FBI's warrants.   They do have a moderate level of
understanding of the technical issues, and make some nice points on the
value of open review of government activities, pointing out that the
outside reviews of Carnivore found flaws in it that were hindering the FBI.
They also say, after acknowledging that Scarfo is "unsympathetic",

@_date: 2001-08-31 22:13:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: China Stories - US Busting Crypto Exports, Fighting Censorship 
The NYT and USA Today both have articles about the
Customs busting two US Chinese guys for exporting US military crypto gear.
It's the KIV-7HS, made by our old buddies at Mykotronx (who made Clipper.)
The NYT said the Feds were worried that if the Chinese reverse engineered it,
they'd be able to crack lots of our crypto secrets.
Normally I'd say that if that's the case, it's really shoddy crypto -
but one of the interesting things Bamford mentions in "Body of Secrets"
is that one of the US spies, I think Hansen or Walker, had been
feeding crypto keys to the Russians, so the crypto gear they got from
the Pueblo made it possible for them to crack years of messages;
perhaps they're worried about the same thing here.
Eugene Hsu of Blue Springs, MO and David Yang of Temple City CA
face a maximum penalty of 10 years in jail and $1M fine.
Meanwhile, the NYT had a front-page story that one of the
US propaganda agencies is proposing to help fight censorship in China
by promoting Safeweb, which is partly funded by In-Q-It, the CIA venture fund.
They've apparently got about 100 servers, and the Triangle Boy feature
makes it possible for them to keep changing IP addresses to make
blocking harder.  I assume if there are also Chinese Spies using it,
the CIA will be able to get the operators to rat out their identities...
But the main use will be to feed lots of news into China.
I'd already mistrusted Safeweb - not their honesty, but their technology,
since they require you to enable Javascript to use their tools.
Yes, it makes it easy to write cool and powerful tools,
but even if _their_ Javascript is perfectly secure,
the fact that you need to have it turned on leaves you vulnerable
whenever you read other web pages.  (Also, their Javascript is slightly buggy;
I've had trouble with window size and positioning issues.)
A third China Card in the news is the GAO's announcement that they
suspect that Code Red originated at a university in Guangdong.
Keith Rhodes, GAO's chief technologist, gave written testimony to
the House Government Reform subcommittee, but didn't return US Today's calls.
Of course, the real blame belongs to Microsoft - and US Today,
who are getting surprisingly technical this week, has a couple of articles
about the recent Hotmail/Passport hacks, in which security consultant
and former Yahoo security advisor Jeremiah Grossman, who had recently
cracked Hotmail in three lines of code, now has it down to one line...
This is another cross-site scripting attack.

@_date: 2001-12-03 01:27:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: 256 Bit Encryption for Secure Email and Secure Online File 
org>
OpenPGP, ClosedPGP, GPG, PGP2.x, and X.509 all have blazingly ugly data especially for keys.  The main advantages of recycling one of the
N variations on PGP formats or one of the K variations on X.509
are that you can reuse code, and in some cases you can gain compatibility
with existing user bases.  On the other hand, you can gain compatibility
with existing user bases by letting PGP users sign messages saying
"My Cryptoheaven Public Key For Messages is  and for Signatures is and similarly letting X.509 users do the same if they want.
It's not automated, but it can work ok.
Also, of course, you'd need to register the Rijndael and SHA-256
entities onto the **PG** formatspaces, but they're generally designed for it.
The cleanest key format I've seen is in CryptoKong - it has the
advantage that Elliptic Curve cryptosystems let you use short keys,
at least if you believe that the math works adequately,
and it's not trying to use any "KeyID" as an abbreviation for the key,
so it's just a simple direct encoding of the key,
without PGP's annoyances of KeyID lookup and risks of KeyID forgery.
Of course, it's also not mapping KeyIDs to users, only to messages,
so if you want to maintain relationships between them,
you've got to do it yourself, and if you want to have
senders of some messages vet senders of other messages,
you need to track the messages yourself.  James Donald's implementation
uses an Evil Microsoft Access database to save messages,
but you could do a different implementation if you wanted to.
Was the real motivation for using their own format simplicity?
Or not-invented-here-ness?  Or not-thinking-ness?
Or unwillingness to wade through the huge amount of existing ugly code
just for compatibility with existing ugly formats?
Does it matter much?  They're in the Software / Internet Services business,
so either they'll find a niche where they get lots of users
(in which case it's worth reviewing their code for real security),
or they'll fail to do so and Darwin Will Get Them,
like so many other projects out there, or they'll end up with a
small but fanatic group of users who keep them going,
or somebody will discover a Serious Bug which will blow away their security
(though they do have at least semi-open source available for review.)

@_date: 2001-12-03 01:56:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: More damage to liberty than I expected. 
That traceroute looks suspiciously like it's going to
Philadelphia.  (Second prize, TWO nameservers in Philadelphia...)
The www site's there also, safely and reliably on dry land.
However, if you do a traceroute to Ryan's remailer.havenco.com,
you'll see a path that goes quickly to London, to "unknown.level3.net",
then quickly to "havenco-gw", then with much more delay to
213.169.220.162, then with similar delay to remailer.havenco.com.
Havenco's talked for a while about metastasizing,
putting servers in a bunch of places for reliable fast performance
for non-critical data and mainly keeping the critical database parts
and more paranoid material over in Sealand.
Certainly they'd want to have basic advertising material
and some of their DNS mirrors on dry land.
Also, it's interesting that the whois record for havenco.com
is registered from Cyprus.

@_date: 2001-12-03 02:23:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bookstores and von Mises - was: fuel injected firearm 
von Mises has been dead for a while and his publisher is
probably not actively running wholesale specials.
Besides, he's like one of those Tedious Dead White Male Classics authors;
nobody actually reads him, they just read commentaries
or literary criticisms on him, or the Cliff Notes or comic-book
"von Mises For Beginners" versions (don't know if they've done him,
but the Heidegger one makes it palatable to at least approach Heidegger* :-)
or more likely, economics/politics textbooks by people who have occasional
references to von Mises but haven't actually read his work,
just the commentaries/litcrit/cliffnotes/comics about him.
An interesting "why don't bookstores carry ____" event happened a
couple of years ago.  Some lefties ranting for independent bookstores
and against big chain bookstores here in San Francisco commented that
"if you look in the big box monoculture bookstores, you won't find Chomsky"
(I think this was a Tom Tomorrow cartoon - bookstore droid replies
"Politics?  We've got lots of Rush Limbaugh over in Aisle 7")
A couple weeks later I looked at Borders, and sure enough they had
several Chomsky titles in their index and at least one on the shelf.
Don't know if they'd always been there, or if it was a rapid response
by a very clueful big chain trying to head off bad publicity
and zoning hassles.
                                         Bill
(*One-line summary of Heidegger:
You're going to die and be really truly dead.  Get used to it and quit

@_date: 2001-12-03 09:46:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IT revealed: Dean Kamen shows off mystery transportion 
At 09:53 AM 12/03/2001 -0500, Declan McCullagh forwarded articles on
the Ginger Hype Generation Machine finally being revealed.
Boy, what bad timing Kamen has.  Not only is it too late for
Christmas sales (if in fact the things are shipping anytime soon,
as opposed to this being a demo for next Christmas shipping),
but overall it's a year or two too late to catch the Razor Scooter fad
and the San Francisco geek toys market, where there are
some people still commuting on $500 electric scooters
(Doug Barnes used to haul one on Caltrain, for instance),
but an N-thousand-dollar device that's only usable for short hauls
within cities, it'll be a real tough sell.
The real question is whether, next year when he's trying to sell quantity,
anybody will list to the next round of hype.  On the other hand,
this announcement is at least timed to keep people from
totally forgetting him as more dot-com vaporware,
so maybe it's not that bad timing after all.

@_date: 2001-12-03 10:48:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: MD5 (was Re: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware: 
Especially on Microsoft OSs, it's too easy to create logging
that doesn't look like a regular file for which you can watch
size or checksum changes.  Hidden files are trivial to use,
though many utilities ignore their hiddenness,
but with more work any good virus-writer can do a better
job of hiding a file.  Or you can find things that are
always changing for obscure Microsoftish reasons,
or look like devices that can't be checksummed.
Or you can store the data in the "unused" space at the end
of the last block in a file - especially as disks get larger,
disk blocks also get larger, so there's more space at the ends,
and any utilities that are checksumming files won't notice,
because it's not in the file.  Or you can store the data
in "unused" disk blocks, if you can keep the file system from
reaping them, though diskwipe utilities will occasionally catch these.
The unused block space _might_ sometimes be hidden or overwritten
by encrypted file systems, if you're using them; YMMV.
Hans Dobbertin's work a couple of years ago makes MD5 sounds pretty shaky,
but you could also use SHA-1 for your checksums,
or your favorite non-crypto fast checksum.
But that's more work than the Fedz will bother with;
much easier to hide stuff on Windows than to hack checksums.

@_date: 2001-12-03 10:49:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cryptoheaven 
It probably means "generates too many complaints to the operators" :-)

@_date: 2001-12-04 00:30:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Viridian Note 00283: Geeks and Spooks  
I'll echo Ken Brown's "Yee-hah!" rating for this article.
When Bruce goes on a rant, he goes on a rant, and this rant is worth reading
just for the literary value of a good rant, even if we get bashed
at least as much as Microsoft and the Spooks and the
Nixon/Reagan/Bush/Bush Administration do.
Bruce's suggestion for a recording device is somewhat different in style
from David Brin's various RodneyKing shouldercams and other ubiquitous cameras,
and a bit different from his fictionalizations in "Distraction",
but, hey, it's doable, and this is a ranting essay, not a calm book like
"The Transparent Society".

@_date: 2001-12-06 01:53:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: SF Cypherpunks, Saturday, 12/8, U.C.SANTA CRUZ, 
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting, 8 December 01, U.C.Santa Cruz, College VIII Room 240, 12:30-5:30
We're meeting Way Down South in the land of Boletus edulus mushrooms
and Monarch Butterflies*, which are both in season, and Banana Slugs.
It's an open public meeting on US soil, everyone's invited,
and it's another month where the Second Saturday showed up early,
so it's this Saturday.
* Eric Blossom will be giving a talk and demo on Software Defined Radios. *
An anonymous cypherpunk may allegedly be discussing development status
of unnamed anonymity products or more reasons for anonymity.
Several less anonymous cypherpunks will be discussing
tools to build, or rebuild, or build differently -
what lessons have we learned from PGP for the next product?
What's a practical toolset for a human rights organization?
Now that the list has been Officially Declared Dead (stego-mpegs at 11:00),
harassed by flooded machine rooms and mailing list glitches,
we've been taunted by some science-fiction authors,
finally probably been published by others, and been dissed by several
Intellectual Property judges, and informed that civil liberties
and due process are pre-millenial relics, we've got some slack
to re-evaluate the cypherpunks movement.  What technologies
should we be looking at?  What needs building next?
What succeeded?  What failed?  What synergies do we need to exploit?
We'll also be discussing schedules for February's meeting,
since The RSA Tradeshow will be the 18th-22nd in San Jose.
If you're an out-of-towner expecting to be here for the show,
please send some mail if you know if you'll be around the
weekend before (Presidents Day) or after the show.
======= Directions and Transportation ======
Kristen Tsolis has reserved a room for Saturday, 12/8 from 12:30~5:30.
UCSC College VIII Room 240.
While UCSC is a mere 30 minutes from Silicon Valley,
it's tough to get to from SF without a car,
so Bill Stewart will be meeting several Usual Suspects at
Mountain View Caltrain at 12:13pm (train leaves SF at 11:00.)
Look for the burgundy-colored Chevy van, or for Bill :-)
The Caltrain schedule (  )
Drop email to bill.stewart at pobox.com if you want to be waited for.
UCSC can be a maze to the uninitiated, so you will want to print this map.
The meeting space at UCSC is clearly marked:
here are some more maps:
To get to UCSC, take US 280 or CA 101 to US 880 or CA 17 south. Take CA 17
south to Santa Cruz, then CA 1 north to Bay St. Turn right on Bay which will
take you to the base of campus. One can also come south from San Francisco
on CA 1 to Bay.
At the base of campus, take a left onto Empire Grade, which will take you to
the West Entrance. Take that right onto Heller, and then take a right on
Koshland into the College Eight Lower Parking Lot. There's no need to pay
for parking on weekends, and as long as you don't park in a 24 hour space,
you won't get a ticket. If you need assistance with handicapped parking,
please email kristen at pobox.com.
Walk up the stairways between the College Eight dorms until you reach the
top flight of stairs. When you are facing the top parking lot, turn right
towards Room 240.
The cafe there will be closed for Christmas Break, so bring your coffee and
victuals with you.
*Natural Bridges State Park: Bill Stewart's Cellphone is +1-415-307-7119, if you're lost and he's not.

@_date: 2001-12-06 02:04:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FreeSWAN Release 1.93 ships! 
From Claudia Schmeing 's summary:
1.  Release 1.93 ships!
     ===================
     1 post Dec 3
     A number of small improvements have been added to this release, which was
shipped on-time.
Some highlights:
* Diffie-Hellman group 5 is now the first group proposed.
* Two cases where fragmentation is needed will be handled better, thanks
   to these two changes
        The code that decides whether to send an ICMP complaint back about
        a packet which had to be fragmented, but couldn't be, has gotten
        smart enough that we now feel comfortable enabling it by default.
   and
        IKE (UDP/500) packets which were large enough to be fragmented used
        to be mishandled, with some of the fragments failing to bypass IPsec
        tunnels properly.  This has been fixed; our thanks to Hans Schultz.
* If Pluto gets more than one RSA key from DNS, it will now try each key.
   This will help when a system administrator replaces a key.
* There is preliminary support for building RPMs.
* SMP support is better.
* The team has eliminated a vulnerability that might permit a denial of    attack.
     We are in the process of chasing down a couple of significant bugs (which
     have been there since at least 1.92 and possibly earlier), and we *might*
     ship another release quite shortly if we nail them down and fix them.  If
     we don't, we won't.  Barring that possibility, the next release is planned
     for the end of January; a more precise date will be announced shortly.

@_date: 2001-12-07 00:42:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A note to virus authors 
I was surprised how effective such an amateur job was;
my corporate email system was pounded into the ground for
a couple of days.  Unless I'm misunderstanding the descriptions of this thing,
it didn't fire up automagically just from opening the message
or using the MSOutlook Preview Pane function -
it had to convince a sucker to actually run the file,
either by clicking on it or by saving it and running it.
Perhaps the descriptions have been incorrect?
Of course, one of the problems of Outlook-style mail systems
is that they often have mailing lists that hit the whole company,
or at least sets of tens of thousands of people, and this does seem
to do a good job of trolling for those lists, and continually pounding
once it starts, so it only takes a small number of suckers for it to explode.
I received a few thousand copies that I was aware of;
after I put a mail filter on my machine, there were probably
a few thousand more.
Of course, the quickly installed filters that our mail admins used
trashed all messages with "hi" in the Subject line,
even if it was in the middle of words like "behind" or "chief" :-)

@_date: 2001-12-10 23:57:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Customer Acts Odd? U.S. Wants to Know 
Suspicious?  Those are simply *routine* in the telecom and computer businesses :-)
You'd think that they'd find it suspicious of customers *did* read all the closely, in great detail.  It's less common now after the dot-com crash
than during the heat of tulip-bulb mania, but if customers really understood technology
there'd be less need for data sales people to bring along systems engineers
to wave their hands and tell them what to think, or for companies to hire
lots of customer support people to explain how to reset the coffee-cup holders on PCs,
or for trade rags and internet sites to keep hyping new trends.
Meanwhile, the technologies and economics are constantly changing in the so even if a customer or vendor understood what they were doing three months ago,
that doesn't mean they still understand it today.
Now, I don't sell missiles or grenade launchers, but computer encryption are part of my stock in trade - they're letting customers move from dedicated
private lines and semi-shared frame relay and ATM networks to shared Internet connections
and still get the privacy and security they got from the more expensive and tools for cracking computer security devices are also routine commercial product,
just like pressure gauges for checking car tires or chemical emissions detectors for
car exhaust.

@_date: 2001-12-12 23:19:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Slashdot | Google Expands Usenet Archive to 20 Years 
I was surprised that among their lists for first this and that
they didn't list the first use of a .com, .net, or .edu address on Usenet.
There were lots of  addresses even in the first few months
(viz. the TCP-IP-Digest article), but they were pre-DNS person at machine formats,
where the machine names were relative to the sender's hosts [.txt] file
and were therefore not in theory globally unique names, though in practice
they usually were.

@_date: 2001-12-12 23:35:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FC: More on Symantec, McAfee, loopholes, and 
I think the real answer lies at the intersection of
Annalee Newitz (another actually tech journalist besides Declan!:-)'s
answer and Adrian's.  Anti-virus software has two main techniques -
         - look for recognized bad stuff, and
         - look for suspicious changes to good stuff.
plus an anti-technique
         - look for recognized non-bad stuff if one of the previous
         techniques detects bad or suspicious activity.
If the targets of Magic Lantern don't suspect any virus-like problems
and report them to an anti-virus maker who can analyze its behaviour
and include it in the list of known bad stuff, Nothing Happens.
If the Magic Lantern authors are careful to cover up any changes
they make to important files so they don't look suspicious,
         "These aren't the viruses you're looking for.  Move along."
then they also duck the second detection technique.
The two obvious ways that the anti-virus companies could cooperate
with Evildoers, Federal or otherwise, are to actively not comply
with requests to include Evildoer things in their Bad Stuff lists
or to explicitly put recognizers for Evildoer stuff in the OK list.
But if the Feds and the Targets don't tell them what to look for,
then implicitly they usually would not be detected.
                         Bill Stewart

@_date: 2001-12-17 19:35:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reg - Linotype copyright action on Adobe-format fonts 
"ATM" is "Adobe Type Manager".  Linotype is a big font house.
Intellectual Property laws for fonts are normally even stranger than for regular material,
but if any of these are in Postscript, they're also programs,
so there may be DMCA issues, and there's obviously some contractual
relationship with Adobe that lets them copyright implementations.
(I have *no* idea if there's Dmitri Sklyarov-related material here,
as in "Did Adobe do Something Bad, or was Someone Else careless",
but it's entertaining speculation, at least in the absence of actual Does anybody know ATM implementation details?
Adobe's web page describes ATM Light as a
which implies that at least some ATM fonts are real Postscript.
Fairly usable Fair Use reformatted excerpt from The Register's article follows.
Linotype gets heavy over free ATM font downloads
By John Lettice  - john.lettice at theregister.co.uk
Posted: 17/12/2001 at 12:15 GMT
German company Linotype Library GmbH is flexing its ATM font copyright muscles via 'cease and desist' letters with potential $30,000 legal tabs attached. The fonts in question do seem to be owned by Linotype (or to be strictly accurate, its parent company Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG), but are probably part of a batch that accidentally wandered into the shareware sector in the early 90s.
The fonts are frequently found for download on OS/2 sites, and have tended to propagate via mirrors, with the assumption that they're shareware propagating along with them. This was the case for Ian Manners, who runs  and who contacted The Register after receiving his letter from Linotype.
What does seem clear is that Linotype is making heavy legal noises in order to clear the fonts off download sites. And strangely enough, the fonts themselves (Cascade, Flora, Frutiger, Helvetica, Isadora, Linotext, Linoscript, Optima, Palatino, Peignot, Present, Shelley and Univers), are currently on sale at Linotype Library's site.
The fonts Ian was hosting complicate matters further, in that internally they have an Adobe copyright stamp in them. Adobe itself sells the fonts in question, and labels them as Linotype's trademark on its site. It seems fairly clear that the fonts are Linotype's property, and that even people offering cloned versions under the same names are going to be vulnerable to legal threats. From the Linotype letter, however, it doesn't seem to be the case that they're universally trademarked throughout the world, which could make actual legal action complicated.

@_date: 2001-12-17 20:36:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban 
> I don't recall the rationale used by the USPO to forbid
 > CJ from posting to cypherpunks.  Anybody know the answer to that?
For CJ to be on Cpunks is Hangin' out with his old Bad Company from the 'hood,
like that Jim Bell dude and the other guys on the Group W bench,
talking about criiiime and father-rapin' and poetic-terrorizin' and creatin' a disturbance.
The fact that they can't tell a web site from a mailing list
when they're writing orders forbidding him to do it
suggests it's not a deeply-thought-out policy here.
But that was just the point, in the Jim Bell case -
the Fedz came in with their 24 8x10 color glossies with circles and arrows on the back,
but unfortunately the judge and jury didn't have seeing-eye dogs,
so they actually looked at the things and listened to the Fedz,
and they *didn't* understand the technology enough to know that
Assassination-Politics-Quality Anonymity *isn't* available or usable,
and in particular, AP-Quality payer-and-payee-anonymous digital cash isn't and that if those fundamental building blocks aren't there,
then any discussion of "how could it be used?" or "like, that'd be cool, huh huh!",
at least by people who *do* understand the technology and state of its is strictly speculative philosophical bullshitting, not active conspiracy.
Now, it's possible that the Fedz in question really understood this at the but Jim Bell's such a mainstream sympathy-inspiring figure,
especially with his alleged history of stink-bombing IRS offices and
his alleged paperwork-based harassment of bureaucrats and politicians allegedly
with the so-called "common-law court" folks, some of whom allegedly *are* dangerous loons,
that in the absence of extemely competent counsel, skilled at
not only explaining really obscure technical material to hostile non-techies
but also at dealing with seriously uncooperative clients,
a conviction was a slam-dunk, so not only does it give them
Federal Brownie Points for busting a "dangerous terrorist assassin"
and preventing him from doing anything else real,
but it serves as a deterrent for future JimBell-Wanabees who *don't*
understand that the technology isn't there, and besides, he was in their face,
and kept getting in their face after they'd successfully framed him.
Is it likely that Jeff Gordon understood what was real about the tech
and was doing this out of pure malice, as opposed to not understanding it
and actually believing that Bell was a real threat?  I doubt he cared enough
about justice that, if he did come to understand that AP wasn't real,
that he'd either apologize for his mistake or let it get in the way of an easy win.
And CJ just kept jumping in the way yelling "Nyahh Nyahh" and looking wacko,
and even back before 9/11, furriners didn't have civil rights,
and he didn't get the "Oh, he's just Canadian" exception to that,
because he was scaring the Canadians too.
I've almost always found the weather in Seattle to be gorgeous,
except one or two times that it was also pouring rain here in San Narcisco;
maybe I'm just lucky.  And Seattlers *smoke* a lot also,
and it's always that nasty tobacco stuff, unlike down here :-)
But the bigger problems are that they're Fedz,
and that they fundamentally don't have much useful work to do,
and that there's real hostility to them up there which they respond to
in macho-tribal fashion, and face it, if you've got a choice of
keeping your job by doing a big dangerous-terrorist bust,
would *you* rather go after the real Aryan Nations types,
or would you rather go after a Jim Bell or CJ which gets you
almost as many Brownie Points without actually being
dangerous or requiring serious police work?
Sure, your coworkers might know it's a sucker play, but it looks
almost as good on the paperwork that goes to Washington,
which is good for the budget and your department's reputation,
and in return they'll be happy you got this annoyance out of their face,
and it's not like they're getting much non-cynical self-respect
out of what they're usually doing.

@_date: 2001-12-17 23:17:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Ban,  
Hey, Protestantism gave us the "priesthood of all believers",
and if that's too much work, the ULC will ordain you for $20.
The Internet lets everybody be a journalist, or at least a political Won't be a problem getting either of those jobs :-)
(However, as many people have discovered with acting or Internet startup,
getting a job in the field is easy, but getting a *paying* job is tougher...)

@_date: 2001-12-23 01:29:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Pay per use remailers and remailer reliability tracking. 
Espresso is important, basic machines are cheap, and the real decision
is whether walking down to Starbucks to avoid making it yourself
is more an interruption to your concentration or an opportunity
to spend time in the real world and to check out the Mondex smartcard machine
that Starbucks gave up on using :-)
But the easy part of doing digital cash is the software,
and it doesn't take years of Stallman-level or Chaum-level or
Ian-or-Ben-or-Lucky-level wizardry to produce it, though it's
really helpful to have their insights into what didn't work
and what pieces were useful for consumer-quality realizability.
Lots of people can turn the algorithms into reliable code;
lots of people can build user interfaces, though you if you want
it to run on the latest Microsoft GUI API environments and
all Mac environments from 6.5 through 10.1.2Coca you'll need a few
extra helpers to add the ugly details.  (*I* could even do the programming,
though you'd get a basic web forms interface and a text interface
that looks suspiciously like "throw stone knife at dwarf", "404 Knife Not with none of that modern Javascruft or "ncurses" aesthetics in it :-)
The hard part is getting people to take the stuff.
30 years of Kernighan, Ritchie, and Thompson, 20 years of Stallman and 15 years of X and Gosling, and 10 years of PGP & Linux has gotten us partway to
World Domination in technical areas, often by getting the good parts stolen by the bigger commercial interests, but money's harder to change;
Black & Scholes and Fair & Isaac and Milken and Visa/MC/AX and Schwab and
later E-Trade and just possibly PayPal have changed things,
but Mondex didn't happen, and Micropayments didn't happen,
and in spite of all of Hettinga's enthusiam and Chaum's business acumen,
anonymous digital bearer cash hasn't successfully rocked the world.
It not only takes technical skills to ship working stuff,
it takes business skills to find a market where it works and
promote it enough that enough people are using it that
some level of anonymity can actually happen.
Lucky and the Mark Twain Bank had the technology, and had the
service working in the abstract, aside from the minor problem that
there was nothing to buy except pictures of Cypherella
before they stopped allowing that, though perhaps if they'd
been a bit later to market and jumped into E-Bay when PayPal did
they could have pulled it off (or perhaps not - that's a market
where reputations have a really high value, and you'd have to
structure an escrow market around your digicash that would
undo most of the anonymity even if the digicash provided it.)
Doug and the Austin Cypherpunks Credit Union folks had the technical skills,
and the interesting hook that in the US, Credit Unions have
much less regulation than Real Banks, but figuring out how to make money
from such an activity was tough, and unlike MTB, they decided not
to launch a business they didn't know how to make money with :-)
Getting the real thing working requires real marketing skills
and being in the right place at the right time; occasionally
you can hit it off, like the kid who wrote WinAmp and was pressured
by his parents into making it Shareware and not just freeware,
or the Hotmail folks causing the free-web-based-email wave
(and catalyzing many of the appallingly stupid Dot-Com Business Plans.)
Perhaps one advantage of the dot-com crash is that people starting
businesses today are much more likely to do the solid business planning
and the initial technical decisions before they get enough
funding to leave the garage and hire the 200 programmers that
it takes to prevent any real work from being done while you're
having meetings to coordinate development of the hot-tub-scheduling website.
But if you're not going to use the marketdroids, you have to find
some really solid alternative to get the stuff widely used.
Maybe it's as simple as finding the next Ochoa brothers and
showing them how selling bearer cash cards can help their business,
now that the tough part is moving the green paper and not the white powder,
but the nearest recent equivalent was The Napster Brothers,
and they didn't successfully capitalize their need for a payment system.
Mojo Nation may have been a bit closer, as a small dedicated group
of enthusiasts working on a payment system combined with a transport mechanism
for the goodz, but they didn't pull it off either.

@_date: 2001-12-26 18:27:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Explosive smuggling (@#%$@# deleted) 
High-speed trains are almost as much fun to blow up as planes,
and muckers can do that by blowing up the tracks without
even having to get on the train.
Back when I was living in New Jersey and commuting to DC,
I usually took the train instead of the plane -
it took about 15 minutes longer, but was much nicer
(I lived closer to the train station, and most places I went in DC
were closer to the train than the airport, which made up for the
Metroliner being a bit slower.)  Now that they're adding an
hour or two to the plane trip, even the slow trains would be a slam dunk,
and they've now added an even faster train (though I'm not sure
if it stops in Central Jersey or just Newark.)
Here in California, if I'm going to Burbank it's still an hour or so
faster to fly than drive, but getting more ridiculous,
though for Orange County or LAX it's still a lot faster to drive.
But at least you can drive down the Grapevine without them
demanding that you take off your shoes, jacket, hat, pager,
cellphone, wallet, computer, wristwatch, screwdrivers, pocket knife,
nail files, scissors, car keys, and golf clubs
and unwrap all your Christmas presents.

@_date: 2001-12-29 02:20:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: VANGUARD: Actions Have Consequences:  or, How to Advance 
>
Jim, I'm really surprised that you forwarded this spam to the list.
I received it directly also.
While he does have some useful comments about political organizing,
some of what he says about liberal/conservative differences is a pure crock.
We're in the middle of a radically activist right-wing statist administration -
they're doing far more than the Reaganites ever accomplished as far as
building up the political power of the military, reducing civil liberties for
citizens as well as non-citizen residents and travelers, strengthening the police agencies,
and moving power away from Congress and into the Executive Branch.
And yet this spammer Martin talks about conservatives not being activists.
To the extent that he's talking about the public rather than the
party activists and the elected and appointed officials,
conservatives today are less activist than during the Reagan/Bush and the early Clinton administration, but the new Administration
is the most activist we've seen in ages, whether or not they
were actually elected.  One of the technologies for getting
grassroots and astroturf support that both big parties developed extensively
over the 80s/90s is the use of direct mail for fundraising and
generating letters to politicians - the conservatives
and particularly the Religious Right Wing were probably more effective
than the various sets of liberals.  This looks like an attempt to
do similar things on the net.]

@_date: 2001-12-29 03:19:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
[Various discussion about spammers using crypto to use remailers.
There's not much, but it's there.  Encrypted-Outgoing-Only
reduces the problem a lot, since there aren't many people who'll
positively respond to encrypted spam :-) ]
At 08:15 PM 12/19/2001 +0100, Anonymous replied to Peter Trei:
Obviously there are some destinations that need to be exceptions.
Usenet's easy - keep track of known mail2news gateways,
and any time you send mail to Usenet, you need to put lots of disclaimers
about it's remailed, it's probably forged, there's no way to reply, etc.
Mailing lists are tougher, because you obviously can't keep a list of them.
Another way to deal with unencrypted outgoing message is to send mail
saying "we've received an anonymous message for you.  You can pick it up
at  within 7 days."
or some such.

@_date: 2001-12-29 03:27:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Yes, the user must nest those himself.  If he doesn't like doing it by hand,
there are client programs that can do this automagically.
The only way to get security is for the originator to do the encryption -
otherwise, if ANY remailer in the chain is compromised,
the Bad Guys can read the message.  If the originator does the crypto,
then EVERY remailer in the chain has to be compromised to break it.
The remailer-stats pingers publish this information on web pages;
you can retrieve it and read it by hand, or use a client program to fetch it.
If you don't want to keep it, don't.
And some of the clients are web pages themselves (Javascript or whatever),
so you can just retrieve them.
And obviously the sender needs to be able to pick the remailers to use -
depending on the type of message, some messages need to be sent through
remailers in appropriately safe jurisdictions, other messages don't
need much security but need high reliability or high speed
(so you want to pick remailers with good stats.)

@_date: 2001-12-31 20:56:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: End-to-end encrypting US GSM phones? 
First of all, the sound system on a Palm Pilot can't handle the job -
there's no microphone, and the speaker system mainly knows how to beep
(you can play different tones, but it's not made for voice.)
Somebody said here that the iPaQ audio is half-duplex - too bad,
because push-to-talk is annoying.
Second, crypto is hardly ever the CPU bottleneck - voice compression is.
Public-key operations take some time, but only at startup;
RC4 at 9600 bps won't keep your CPU warm, and even AES at 32kbps isn't much.
But voice compression, if you want anything fancier than ADPCM,
does take a lot of horsepower, either from a CPU or a DSP or ASIC.
(ADPCM's dirt-simple, and works fine for 32kbps, but is pretty ratty at
16kbps or below.  Almost anything else starts burning lots of CPU
if you want to go 16kbps or tighter (some of the delta-modulation stuff
isn't very CPU-intensive, but it's also not good for low bit rates.)
I'd be surprised if anybody could get a dragonball to do the voice
compression tightly enough even if there were audio hardware support.
In the current cell-phone world, you typically need 9600 or below,
and 4800 would be better.  Cell phones do have voice compression built in;
unfortunately, the software isn't designed to let you get at the compressed
data stream and do other things with it, and if you're using modems,
you need one or two more sets of similar hardware to transmit it after that.
(The easy data channel in the US, CDPD, doesn't work for voice -
it fits the data into gaps between voice packets, so the latency
is generally way too long and way too variable to handle voice.)
Does GSM support handset-to-handset data connections?
Or does you have to use modems?   How fast are they?
Almost all of the newer cellphone data formats are fast enough,
usually 64kbps or more, if anybody bothers deploying them.
(I'm not counting the Japanese i-mode stuff.)
32kbps (plus async overhead, if any),
lets you use dirt-simple compression algorithms,
or you could burn some of your 206MHz horsepower on better compression.

@_date: 2001-12-31 21:10:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
Depending on the recipient, you might or might not be encrypting the message.
But the important security you're protecting is the connection between
the sender and the recipient.  Depending on the application,
the sender may be trying to prevent the recipient from knowing his address,
or the two of them may be trying to prevent outside eavesdroppers from
knowing that they're communicating, but in either case,
you only have that security if you can trust the remailer system
not to divulge the relationships.  If you let the sender's system
do all the encryption, then the entire chain needs to be compromised
for the connection to be revealed; otherwise any remailer along the way
can rat him out.  That doesn't mean that you can't gain some security
by remailers in the middle also adding hops on their own,
but the sender can't depend on that (at least unless he trusts
the remailers that are doing that), and of course you risk routing loops,
which are ugly things to detect in connection-obfuscating environments.

@_date: 2001-02-01 19:13:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Saw your post.Need help 
Depends a lot on what "basic information" means.
An IP address identifies an interface on a machine,
and the machine is probably either operated by a service provider
or gets connectivity from a service provider.
Depending on the service provider, you might or might not be able
to accurately identify an account on the machine in question, and may or may not get them to tell you what information they know about
the account;
if they give it to you, that information may or may not actually provide you true or usable contact information about the owner of the account, who may or may not be the person actually _using_ the account to send you
the mail.
Alternatively, the service provider may have a privacy policy that
refuses to tell _you_ the information about the account,
but may allow them to delete the account if the user violates their policies.
So start with the address you have - is it the address for a well-known free email service (e.g. hotmail, yahoo, iname, mail.com, netzero, juno).
If so, Murphy says the account holder probably provided bogus or non-useful info when setting up the account, so even if their privacy
policy lets them tell you that the account belongs to
"Bill Clinton, 1600 Pennsylvania Ave, Washington DC",
the return address is no longer valid.  But you might get the ISP
to delete the email account; that's the most you'll get
unless there's clear criminal activity or you want to hire a lawyer for a lawsuit.
If it's a commercial ISP providing non-free service, the user might
have a real account they're paying for, which means they're more
likely to have used real account information, but the ISP is likely
to be less willing to tell you any of it, or to delete the account
because they're making money from it, unless it clearly violates
their terms of service.
If all you know is the IP address, how do you find the machine?
The whois function on arin.net lets you look up the IP address,
which may belong to the machine's owner, or else to an ISP.
The whois function on betterwhois.com can tell you registration information
about the domain name of the machine.
Traceroute's pretty good about identifying machines, and hence ISPs,
which is particularly useful if the IP address is on a machine belonging to the person you dislike rather than a sevice provider.
(MSWindows's "tracert" is a wimpy version of the same utility.)
Of course, that doesn't always work, especially if the machine hosts
a bunch of domain names for customers (most web servers do;
many email servers also do), so the same IP address is used for
bigisp.net and user1 at bigisp.com and also user1-domain.com,
for user1, user2, user3, .... etc.  ISPs are usually even less willing
to drop paying customers with large machine connections,
unless there's a spam problem.
It used to be that in cyberspace, nobody could hear you scream,
but most machines have sound cards these days.
You could record some screams and email them to the miscreant,
then see if you can hear them when they receive and play them :-)
It's more effective for people in your office than outsiders. :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-03 15:47:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Coderpunks 
Coderpunks-request at toad.com will get you to a quiet list
with a high signal-to-noise ratio.  It's not dead,
but it's usually not very busy, since nobody codes any more :-)
Cryptography-request at c2.net will get you to Perry's probably-still-moderated list, which has more traffic,
and does more cryptography discussion than coderpunks,
plus occasional relevant political or business news.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-05 19:24:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: fast way to decode RSA encryption 
This was discussed on the cryptography at c2 list, though somebody did a nice job of putting the disjointed email
conversations into readable order for slashdot.
The key to the "new" method is solving to
which is the discrete log problem,
just like the previous "new" "crack" of RSA,
then using that answer to solve the factoring,
not necessarily that efficiently.
Since the discrete log problem is about as hard as factoring,
a not-blazingly-efficient solution to the discrete log part
is less efficient that the best factoring methods.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-07 17:14:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Man Bites Phone 
A man at the centre of a French corruption scandal ate the chip from his mobile phone in an attempt to keep its secrets, according to a report in today's edition of the Times. Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-07 20:29:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Citing Security Sights Seen at Security Sites 
Unfortunately, spell-checkers usually aren't that good at
evaluating word choice :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-07 21:32:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: published secret - similiar to AP prot 
One simple approach - have Bob use a CGI script for publishing the material,
e.g. that notifies Bob when the URL is accessed, and either returns
the desired file or another URL that points to the real file.
More complex - have Bob require a signature from Alice on the request.
Another approach - have the CGI script tell Alice the URLs for files that belong to her, or tell the recipient the URLS
for files that match a given keyword.
You have to think about threat models.  If Alice is under attack,
do the attackers have Alice's mailbox that would contain the URL?
Do they have Alice's private key?  Do you care?
Does Bob have a site like Cryptome where anybody can read everything?
Does Bob have a samizdat site where only people who have the
password for a file can access that file (and maybe the password
is the hash of the file)?   If Bob doesn't want legal problems because of Alice,
it's safer if he doesn't tell Alice, or at least doesn't
do anything different for Alice than he would for any other customer.
He can also be much safer if he doesn't store the file in a form he can decrypt.   A few years ago, I developed a couple
of protocols for variations of this problem.
All of these methods were designed so that Bob wouldn't
have to return a key to Alice - that lets it work over remailers.
The simplest version works like this
The author creates the file, calculates the key,
and sends the file to Bob, preferably over a secure channel.
Bob calculates the key, calculates the filename, encrypts and stores the file, then forgets the key.  If Alice (or somebody she gave the key to) wants to retrieve it,
she gives Bob the key, Bob calculates the filename
and returns the encrypted file.  That still leaves Bob with
some risk, because if he someone gives him the key,
he can find and decrypt the file, but the only way for
somebody (or Bob) to know if he has the file is to know the key.
Note that if you try to store multiple copies of the same file,
it's detected when Bob calculates the filename,
so Bob doesn't need multiple copies of the same Metallica track,
unless different people have compressed them creating
non-identical files.
Because the key is based on the file contents, not just keywords,
the attacker needs to know the whole file contents to
verify that it's there - the attacker can't just try
searching Bob's file system for "Osama" "cocaine" "narcoterrorism".
If Alice wants to make it easy for people to find her writing based on keywords, she can store the index
in a different file (somewhere else on the web,
or perhaps in a different file on Bob's samizdat site.)
Some versions that are more paranoid give Bob more protection
or the author more control:
and the retrieval uses "handle" instead of "key",
so Bob or an eavesdropper can't decrypt the file at retrieval-time
if he didn't save the keys, which is safer for Bob,
because he can't tell if the material he's storing is ThoughtCrime.
lets Alice give people her friends the key and handle,
but gives her a token she can give Bob demonstrating that she's
authorized to do things like delete the file.
(Also, you could use the control and not the handle, or whatever.)
None of these prevent Bob from reading the file he's storing.
If Alice cares about this, she should use separate encryption.
part. Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-08 10:16:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: About IBM's new USBKey 
Capacity isn't much of a problem - the Linux Router Project folks
can boot off a 1.44 or 1.72MB floppy, so even 8 MB should feel roomy (not:-)
Flash memory is pretty cheap these days - I think 8MB is about $10,
so the choice of 8 vs. 16MB is just price vs. market demand.
Are there any BIOSes that let you boot the computer from USB?
I suppose it would be a logical thing to do, since USB
is a reasonable speed for supporting floppy drives or CDROMs,
but I haven't seen it on BIOS menus before.
For laptops, there are PCMCIA flash cards that emulate IDE drives,
and also have write-protect switches, which lets you boot safely
as well as quickly.  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-08 18:45:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IW: Tools Stunt DoS Attacks 
Most DDOS attacks forge their source address, changing between
large numbers of forged addresses, so the site under attack can't
defend itself by blocking the addresses that attack it.
If a Bad Guy has thousands of slave machines, they can still
launch a big attack, but if they need to use their own addresses,
the target can block the attackers (still not easy for large numbers,
but at least it's possible.)   Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-08 22:42:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting, STANFORD 02/10/01 
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks   February 10, 2001
  Sat 10 February 1:00 - 5:00 PM
  Stanford University Campus - Tressider Union - Inside Upstairs
Agenda -
Location Info:
   The meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our outdoor
   meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the Stanford
   University campus, INSIDE Tressider Union, at the end of Santa Theresa,    just west of Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
   Ask anyone on campus where Tresidder is and they'll help you find it.
   Because the weather will be bad, we will be meeting INSIDE.
   There's a spiral staircase that goes UPSTAIRS to the second floor,
   and we'll be in the seating area near the upstairs end.
   Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tresidder.
Location Maps:
   Stanford Campus (overview, Tresidder highlighted).
   Tressider Union (zoomed detail view).
       Printable Stanford Map (407k).
    For directions, finding people, or general information,
call Bill Stewart at +1-415-307-7119
[ This announcement sent to the following mailing lists:
  Mailing list complaints or address corrections to bill.stewart at pobox.com.
Online version: Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-09 00:36:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: fast way to decode RSA encryption 
Yes, your analysis is way off base.  The reason is that there are much better algorithms for factoring - a factor of 10 difference in the number of clock cycles per step
is rapidly dwarfed by an algorithm that takes far fewer steps.
If you look at Schneier's book, there's a discussion of
factoring algorithms - Quadratic Sieve algorithms are good for
fewer that 120-150 digits, and above that there are algorithms like
the Number Field Sieve and its variants with run times of
which is a lot fewer than trial division.
Check out Odlyzko's work on solutions to the discrete log problem.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-09 13:07:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IW: Tools Stunt DoS Attacks 
Agreed - if the ISPs aren't spoof-proofing, it's very tough to defend
against, as Lars and I noted.  But if ISPs, particularly the cable and DSL
ISPs, are spoof-proofing their outgoing packets, there won't be an unblockably large 1,000,000 addresses, just a still-annoying 1000 addresses, and the addresses you'll be blocking are mostly sites you won't miss (cable, DSL, and dial-up subscribers) rather than a random scatter
of probably-useful systems and networks around the net.
The magic of SYN attacks is that you don't have to accept
more than one SYN from a given machine at a time,
at least for a given port, so you don't have to use firewall rules
except to limit the range of ports that are being targeted,
and when you start to build rules, you only need 1000 of them.
Fortunately, that's only 80 Megabits, not Gigabits, so it's only a T3-killer, not an OC-768-killer :-)  Still annoying.
You can fill the T3 with about 1500 dialup users,
and about 5 times as fast with cable modem or IDSL,
15-30 with faster DSL, and of course much faster with university machines (where you're limited by the university's aggregate outgoing bandwidth
rather than the individual smurves' bandwidth.)
Of course, if you've only got a T1/DSL/Cable line, you're toast.
But there are several different attacks here -
I'd be surprised if there's a legitimate use for 8KB SYN packets,
though I'm not sure any current firewalls have an easy way to
detect and block that, so it may work.
Some attacks are likely be blocked by firewalls -
ports you don't want, UDP packets and traffic pretending to be
from open TCP connections when you haven't done a SYN first.
Those still flood your incoming pipe - some ISPs are
offering network-based firewalls that can do simple filtering
at the upstream end of the connection to reduce the
bandwidth you spend on anklebiters.
But still, a 1000-machine attack is hard to do much about by yourself,
and as you say, the upstream providers will get swamped also
until you go out smurf hunting and get the things killed off.
There have been some proposals to add various tracing to the
backbone networks that may be of some help in the future.
Things could be far worse, though - imagine if some popular software
package that people installed on purpose had DDOS capabilities,
like a hacked Napster client or Quake Performance-Booster or Netscape Foobar-Graphics plug-in or a more clever than usual MSWord virus.
Bad stuff.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-09 20:09:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: published secret - similiar to AP prot 
Some options:
- Bob is running the "We Mirror Everything" site
- "We Mirror Things for Politically Sympathetic People"
- "We Mirror Things Unless we sent you a rejection notice"
- (back when Cypherpunks believed there would be digicash Real Soon)
  Alice sent Bob some anonymous digicash to pay for storage
- Alice sent Bob some non-anonymous payment outside your threat model
- Bob is a random user running a Napster-like space-sharing protocol,
- Bob used a non-direct response method, like posting a receipt
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-10 01:52:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: well wheres the manifesto on bomb making? 
Hey, it's not my *fault*!
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-10 10:44:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Brit Intel Telling Tales 
More to the point, are there any free web page sites in the UK?
Might as well give _them_ all copies....
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-12 13:04:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Slashdot | Michigan May Outlaw Anonymity Online 
Remember that this isn't a law - it's a proposal by one cop.
In a free country, you always expect at least one cop or politician
to have some offensive or wacko idea that makes the press -
the real questions are how far can he run with it,
does his electorate throw him out on his ear next election,
can he convince the legislature to act on his proposal,
and do the courts throw the law out if it gets made.
With the label "Child Pornography" attached to the proposal,
any legislators who understand it and want to block it have to walk carefully, but the old "refer it to the committee on
whatever and let it get boring things attached to it and studies done
until everybody lets it die" trick is usually safe,
especially if it can get reviewed by the committee's counsel
in the light of existing court cases like McIntyre.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-13 09:04:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: **Why doesn't Napster just move offshore? 
Yeah.  Something Napster-the-Program-like could easily move,
and there are a large number of OpenNap servers run by random people,
but Napster-The-Company is trying to make money for its investors -
it's no longer a couple of college students whose objective
is to have fun and share music of dubious copyright status.
Because Napster is headed by identifiable US individuals
who've been hit with court orders, the scenario of
"Napster shut down and a surprisingly similar company
reopens in Tonga" would be looked at very closely.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-13 12:00:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Here you have, ;o) 
The double extension doesn't hide the .VBS - that's just
Microsoft's usual "hide the extension since the couch-potato
user doesn't want to see how the magic works" feature.
The trick with double extensions is that after
Explorer or Outlook hides the .VBS, the user sees the ".JPG"
and says "Oh, this is a picture, I'll click on it",
instead of "Hmmm, this is something I don't recognize,
better leave it alone."
Similar tricks are used for .doc.vbs, .xls.vbs, .txt.vbs, etc.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-13 14:53:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Please delete one of the references in your archive 
very much.
Dear Mr/Ms Ponnavolu -
The cypherpunks mailing list runs on multiple servers.
There are several subscribers around the world who maintain archives
of the list, plus anything that's ever been on the web tends to
be copied in google.com's caches, even if it disappears off the
original site.  While you can't change the past, if you would like to change
the future's view of the past, you'll need to contact the
administrators of the actual archives.
Also, your request to be removed from the archives
was mailed to the list, and it will therefore appear in the
web archives of the list, and be cached at google and other places.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-14 08:51:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: April RSA, Cypherpunks Meeting Schedule - Request for Comments? 
The 2001 RSA Security Conference will be April 8-12 in San Francisco.
The Bay Area Cypherpunks monthly meeting is normally the second Saturday,
except when there are major conferences in town.
If you're visiting the area that week, are you likely to be here
for the weekend of the 7th or the 14th?
Enough Usual Suspects are expected to be in town the 7th that if we don't move the meeting, we'll probably do a get-together
at a nearby brewpub.
Passover starts the weekend of the 7th/8th and ends the weekend of the 14th;
Easter is the 15th.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-02-14 19:03:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ah, now I catch Declan's trick 
Netiquette is somewhat conflicted about this -
especially when replying to a noisy list somebody isn't on,
including their name in the To: or Cc: tends to drag them in
to a large discussion that meanders off onto other topics.
Bcc: is one way to avoid this problem; Reply-To: is another.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-01 21:28:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reminder... Mac Crypto  Jan 29th - Feb 1st 
RAH isn't forwarding to Cypherpunks at the moment
--- begin forwarded text

@_date: 2001-01-01 21:53:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Cost of Natural Gas [was Re: The Cost of California   
Heh.  I drove by that one this afternoon after visiting the hot springs.  As long as there's no major earthquake in the nearby fault before tomorrow, I don't expect to be glowing in the dark when I next see you, but it was a seriously stupid place to build a big nuke plant,
even if it's not in anybody's backyard (except Vinnie's,
and the few other Cypherpunks in the area, and Cal Poly SLO, and...)
However, without some rate relief, PG&E may be out of business
before the Big One hits, so the difficulty of cleanup won't be
their, um, fault.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-01 22:59:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anarchy Eroded: Project Efnext 
Simplification of protocols so they can sell out to Microsoft/AOL?  :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-02 02:23:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anarchy Eroded: Project Efnext 
Yes, it was Gale  .
You may note the relationship of its name to Zephyr's :-)
Version 0.99a came out in July; Version 0.99cheese was sometime
unspecified last millenium.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-04 12:16:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Escaping the Internet Archives - Re: Please remove... 
Cheryl - Happy New Year 2001!   Cypherpunks is a mailing list.  Are you asking us to remove your message from the list archives?
There are multiple archives run by various people around the world -
they're even more decentralized than the mailing list,
plus the list is gatewayed to some Usenet newsgroups,
so there may be Usenet archives as well.  The ones that
are easily located by search engines are in Singapore and Germany.
Also, the google.com search engine caches articles it finds -
even if we delete them, they won't disappear.
Your message to the list, and this reply to it,
will be automatically entered in the archives as well,
joining your original message.
Most archivists don't like to change the past, especially when the things run automatically, but the reason you'd be in one of the archives is because you sent advertising email
to three of the email addresses used by the cypherpunks list on September 28, 2000 using your addresses cheryl at socialplus.com
and your_friends at socialplus.com .    	P.S.  Please do not hesitate to contact me at the above numbers.  The usual reason people ask to be removed is so spammers don't find their names on the net.
Given the reason your name appeared on our list,
your request will probably elicit more amusement than sympathy,
but we haven't hesitated to archive your contact information.
Perhaps it was a mistake, or someone gave you bad business advice
on useful ways to increase sales, and you did include your contact
which is pretty unusual for a spammer, but you'll find that
information you've posted to the net never disappears
(unless it's something actually useful that you need badly,
in which case it hasn't disappeared, it's just where *you* can't find it.)
Good, bad, ugly, whatever...  you can't escape your writing.
There're flames out in some Usenet archive that I posted in 1982,
back when it was called Netnews and wasn't carried on the Internet.
If information never disappears, how do you keep it from
coming back to haunt you?  Best you can do is have a common name -
somebody named Jim Johnson wouldn't have to worry about this.
(Won't work for you.  Sounds like your family's Iranian?  :-)
The next best you can do is use minimize the amount of contact
information and other unique correlatable data you provide, and use different email addresses for different things.
So, for instance, Yahoo mail says you live in Orange, NJ -
determining whether that's true shouldn't be hard.
USSearch.com thinks so too, but they just got that from Yahoo.
And your email addresses cmgmba at yahoo.com and cheryl at socialplus.com
were easily linkable by anybody searching on your name
even before this message stuck them together.
By the way, SocialPlus.com's privacy policy says you collect a _lot_ of information,
which isn't surprising for a dating meta-service, and says that it's
only disclosed under a variety of conditions, including the gaping big hole of telling advertisers when users view their ads
(on viewing, not just on clickthrough.)  It does recommend using your
pseudonymous screen names, and warns that       therefore, care should be taken in disclosing personal information.       by Visitors or Subscribers."
So please understand that your publicly disclosed information is public.
But, hey, you've come to the right place, and have we got a deal for you!
The Cypherpunks mailing list deals with electronic privacy issues.
You can't fix the past, but there are a variety of privacy-protection tools or businesses that people on the list have created that
can help you keep your future information private or less linkable.
 provides anonymous web surfing -
and it combines well with free email and web hosting offers.
You can use it for free, or pay for better performance and more features.
There's a great list of similar tools at
(it's there because all the censorware products block web anonymizers.
 's Freedom project provides a variety of services,
including multiple email and web identities and cookie management for a
small fee, with cryptographic protection.
David Brin's "The Transparent Society" provides some discussion on how
traditional views of privacy have been made obsolete by technology -
get used to it, and make sure there are webcams pointed at government officials so they behave themselves, since they'll be
pointing webcams at you.   Paperback ISBN  0738201448
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-04 20:17:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: OceanStore - anonymous and distributed data storage? 
Yup.  It's the URL for the front page, and articles roll off
the bottom as new ones are posted, as Jim knows.
However, the project has some very interesting concepts,
and is worth looking at.   Distributed storage,
M-of-N replication, security handled mainly by
storing only plaintext.  I haven't looked at their approaches to
traffic analysis or anonymity, if any.
 is the project home page.
Publications are at I don't recognize the names of the principals on it - are there any Cypherpunks who've worked with them?
More of the real documentation is hidden in the
parent project's pages - has  Microsoft Powerpoint presentations with the good stuff.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-05 09:10:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Announcing Cypherpunks-India 
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: application/pgp
Size: 46 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-01-05 18:36:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anglo-American communications studies 
It's strongly related to the age of the building,
as well as climate, fuel costs and convenience, etc.
Most modern construction uses forced-air heating,
it's cheap, responds rapidly, doesn't take up room space, and
the ductwork can be used for central air-conditioning.
My condo in Silicon Valley uses electric baseboard heat,
which was a fad in the 60s and 70s when electricity was cheap,
and has high ceilings so it doesn't need A/C in this climate.
My apartment in Berkeley 20+ years ago had a gas-fired wall heater,
relatively small and efficient for a 3-room place.
My house in New Jersey, built in 1931, had steam radiators,
with an oil-fired boiler that was originally coal-fired;
my sister's house in Delaware is a bit older and has hot-water radiators.  I paid less for winter heat in the Berkeley apartment
than I did for summer electricity in New Jersey;
I pay more now for winter heat in this mild California climate
than I did in New Jersey where the winter gets reasonably cold,
because electricity's more expensive than oil (even with
lower night-time prices) and high ceilings are much better
for keeping cool in the summer than warm in the winter,
plus nobody bothered to insulate buildings out here in the 70s.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-05 21:21:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Electric Kettles 
That's because Real Americans don't drink tea - we have electric coffeemakers.  The Mr. Coffee machine got
most people to switch over from percolators to drip-filter coffee, though some people still drink (yecch!) instant coffee.
Other than tea and instant soups or similar things, most foods that require boiling water involve cooking them in pots,
which you do on the stovetop.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-07 11:27:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: remailer test failed 
Simone - your remailer test failed.   It looks like two things went wrong.
1) You mailed it to the cypherpunks mailing list itself,
2) Your message needs to be plain text.  You sent it using a for cypherpunks-unedited-outgoing; Sat, 6 Jan 2001 13:39:59 -0800 (PST)
by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id NAA04399 for
; Sat, 6 Jan 2001 13:39:56 -0800 (PST)
22:39:38 +0100
request-remailing-to: simone.lotti at tiscalinet.it
questa h una prova
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-09 12:33:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bell Case Subpoena 
I'd think there'd be serious problems with most of the evidence
in this case being hearsay, except stuff specifically
posted by Jim Bell.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-10 01:43:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: MS Product Activation for Windows (licensing) 
Copy protection is annoying when you have only one machine.
It's much more annoying in the commercially interesting case,
which is when you have many machines and are
copying things legitimately.
I've got a lab with half a dozen year-old El Cheapo PCs
and half a dozen Genuine Antique AT&T Pentium 90s.
Then there's the stack of old-beater laptops,
which are very nice machines to put in a rack of routers
when you just want a Ping/FTP/Web target.
The El Cheapo PCs each came with a licensed Win98;
I've got the disks in a stack, and keeping track of which CD goes with which PC would be a serious annoyance.
It's actually worse, because the PCs are pieces of junk
that need to be have major chunks of Windows reloaded
every once in a while, though at least Win98 has less of the
"you have moved your mouse, please put in the Windows CD and reboot"
that Win95 had.  It's annoying enough to keep track of
which Win98 serial numbers go with which CDROMs -
writing the number on the CDROM helps, but you can't
read it when it's in the drive :-)
The P90s were covered by a site license; I never had
individual media for them (and most of them don't have CD players,
which makes the "Please put the Win95 CD in the drive" more annoying.)
The copy of Win95 I've got on CDROM was from somewhere else.
Many of them are happily running Linux now.  N of them hang out on a DSL connection for doing firewall testing,
and they're named "Kenny" because they're targets for kiddies,
and it's nice not to mess with copy protection when I
reload the OS.
Some of the laptops still have their CDROMs; some don't,
and the ones that do often have funky drivers.
That's why they're still running Windows....
at least they don't crash very often, though you still
have to reboot them if you change static IP addresses.
And I paid cash money to upgrade the home machine to Win98 Second Edition specifically to get Internet Connection Service, which didn't work as promised
and trashed the DLLs used by several other commercial products
in ways that uninstalling didn't fix.
Will I feel guilty if I install WinME on two or three boxes?
(Skeptical, yes, but guilty?  No.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-11 00:42:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bell Case Subpoena 
Oh, right, good point.
But haven't there been people actively forging Bell's headers?
I forget who was forging whom in the CJ mess.
(And even that's not counting Detweiler.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-11 01:01:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IP, forwarded posts, and copyright infringement 
At 11:36 AM 1/10/01 -0600, Jim Choate replied to Declan's >> > post:
The paperback book example has nothing to do with intellectual property -
it's about real property, the dead-tree portion of the book that's left
when the bookstore mails the front cover back to the distributor for credit and claims the rest of the book has been destroyed.
Somebody, I think Jim, incorrectly said this was an issue about royalties,
which would be IP-related, but it's not - royalties are what the publisher pays the author when the book gets sold, while this is about
what the bookstore does or doesn't pay the wholesaler when the book
does or doesn't get sold.  (I'm not sure which legal rules cover it -
fraud, tort, conversion, maybe theft by the store, so possibly
possession of stolen property by the purchaser or other recipient.)
However, that doesn't mean Declan's correct :-)
Before the Digital Millenium Copyright Act, he probably would have been,
but the DMCA is a vague ill-defined mess of evil intentions that
are increasingly being expanded (or at least people are attempting to
expand them; how much holds up in court remains to be seen.)
The DeCSS cases are a relatively direct use.  The Scientology claims
against E-Bay for using electronic tools (their auction system) to
violate their intellectual property constraints (by helping
ex-Scientologists sell used E-Meters to people who haven't paid
the Church of Scientology for their trade secret religious materials)
is a way blatant stretch, but seem to have been enough to intimidate E-Bay.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-11 01:29:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [spam score 5.20/10.0 -pobox] Re: IP, forwarded posts, and 
Heh.  I'd been assuming the original question was going to be about Macintoshes or something :-)
Meanwhile, the spam filters at pobox.com suddenly decided
that almost everything posted to Cypherpunks or Cyberia-L
this evening rates a  [spam score 5.20/10.0 -pobox],
so in standard Choatean fashion, I figure I ought to leave it
in the mail headers like his CDR: internal-use fields.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-11 19:46:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [MEETINGPUNKS] Jan 2001 Cypherpunks SF -- "CRYPTO" author 
Cypherpunks/Meetingpunks Announcements for January 2001!
Every month they seem to doubt us and expect our early demise, but EVERY SECOND SATURDAY, rain or shine, we have ... wait for it ... that's right: a Cypherpunks Physical Meeting (that means you show up!) somewhere in the San Francisco Bay Area, and this coming Second Saturday is no different... no budget, no frills, no BS (just the way Martin would've liked it) we're not going away until the NSA does. Check out the complete scoop at:
  This Month in SF:   All Jan Meetings:    Admin/List Page: The Handy Shortcut: January 2001/San Francisco Meeting Synopsis:
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks (80th Chairborne Regiment) January 2001 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday 13 January 2001
TIME:   1:00 - 6:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  San Francisco Law Enforcement Regional Training Center
        (San Francisco Police Academy)
         Room 102  (or follow the cribs)
  This is the First Cypherpunks Meeting of the Millennium!
  The January 2001 Physical Meeting of the San Francisco Bay Area
  Cypherpunks will feature Steven Levy, author of the new   cypherpunk book "CRYPTO". If you haven't got your copy yet, buy one   and bring it to the meeting! We'll also spend some time catching up   with Cindy Cohn on the EFF's DVD/DeCSS case. At the end of   the meeting, we'll remember our departed friend Martin Minow   (who would have really enjoyed Steven's book).
  As always, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil and members of the
  Public are encouraged to attend, especially Martin's Friends and Family.
Meeting Agenda:      (all timings are approximate)
      "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
  12:00 -  1:00 - Informal milling about, food & beverages.
   1:00 -  3:00 - General Meeting:
                  HAL2001 Planning
                  A Report from Burma!
                  CryptoRights Foundation News
                  MojoNation Update
                  (Possible Mystery Ph.D.: Vna Tbyqoret)
   3:00 -  4:30 - Special Guest: Steven Levy, author of "CRYPTO"
   4:30 -  5:15 - Cindy Cohn, EFF: Update on the DVD/DeCSS Case
   5:15 -  6:00 - "Remembering Martin Minow"
   6:00 -  ?    - Dinner at a nearby restaurant usually follows the
                   meeting.
FULL INFO: ................................. end here .................................
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-15 11:01:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Voice over OTP during WW2.  
There's also one at the NSA museum in Fort Meade.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-16 11:31:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: could you help me?? 
The Cypherpunks archives are at There's been occasional discussion over the last 10 years;
you should be able to search for some of it.
Also look for anything about TEMPEST (if you can limit the search
to capital letters, that should help.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-17 18:07:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: crypto implementation for small footprint devices 
There's been a lot of work in the Smart Card community on
fitting crypto into small memory space - I don't know if the
"Independent Smart Card Developers' Organization" is still active
- probable address - plus there are products from a number of smart card vendors.
Dallas Semiconductor's i-button includes a crypto version.
Certicom has the patents to many of the Elliptic Curve cryptosystem
versions, and they've done a lot of work on products for small environments.
ECC has an advantage over RSA and Diffie-Hellman public key methods
because the key lengths are much shorter, typically 160-256 bits
instead of 1024 or 512.  On the other hand, the math is much more complex
than the bignum modular multiply and exponentiation that RSA and DH use,
so the code space would be larger.  And 128 bytes may be large on a smartcard,
but it's not that big on anything else.
Is your space constraint RAM, or ROM/Flash code space?
It's easy to fit the data space for most crypto algorithms
into a few KB; the complexity is in the code space.
Some of the data transfer formats wrap a lot of header
and encoding around it, but some are simpler.
Unfortunately, ASN.1 and PGP both put lots of complexity
into data formats to squeeze out a few bits of space,
so the code tends to be bloatware.
If you're willing to do your own data formats, or use XDR,
you can eliminate most of this.  (Simple bignums, etc.)
On the other hand, if you want full browser capability,
you'll need to do real SSL, so you can't avoid them.
Most of the crypto algorithms themselves are relatively small -
RSA and Diffie-Hellman are each a few lines (plus a bignum handler).
The RC4 symmetric-key algorithm is extremely small,
and operates on 8-bit bytes rather than bignums or bit-twiddling,
and the 128-bit versions are very secure as long as you
follow a few simple rules about usage.
DES is ugly, and the hash functions are ugly,
but they're still not very large.
The 2-lines-of-perl versions are horrendously ugly,
and drag in perl's hugeness, but most of the ugliness
is because Perl doesn't have native bignums and
because they were converting from decimal input instead of hex.
The Lisp and Python equivalents are pretty clean and still small :-)
Digital signatures themselves are generally more complex
because you need to handle the name of the thing that's being signed,
and any semantics that thing drags with it.  For instance,
are signatures fully general with N layers deep of key certification,
or are you just going to handle signatures from a built-in key
signing hashes of messages and code updates?  (Or signatures from
keys signed by a built-in key.)
What you need for space depends a lot on your objectives and on
how general you need to be.  Sometimes you can get by with
a few primitives to secure your communication to a central server
and do the more complex stuff on the server.
You're also going to have issues if you want to use the crypto
for protecting television content :-),
since that's typically a fast-moving target that changes
almost as fast as the pirates figure out how to crack it.
But even that crypto normally fits on smartcards.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-17 18:34:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
Remember - Republicans aren't against Gun Control or Wiretapping,
they're just against Democrats, so they've been using these things
as excuses to beat up Democrats.  Now that it's their turn in power,
of course they're in favor of things that will make it
harder to shoot people in power and easier to catch people who do...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-19 08:52:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SpamCop authorization code 
It's not really spam - it's response mail from a site where
somebody registered with cypherpunks at wherever as their email.
The "Don't Share this with anyone" aspect is fun, though.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-19 09:17:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Yet another spam generator 
You're missing the point - it's intended as a steganography system,
and like most such, it won't stop somebody who has the same system
from destegoing it, but it will stop or substantially reduce the
likelihood of Echelon or similar keyword systems from snarfing it.
(You could also do a terrorist-mimic version* if you want to
_increase_ the chances of Echelon picking it up.)
Of course if you need security, you need to stego cyphertext only.
The web site probably should emphasize this, but you can always
paste in PGP output.  (Obviously you'd really want to run the code on your own machine and those of your unindicted co-conspirators,
and use custom grammars.)
I have a friend who could have really used a program like this
a few years ago - he was working in Ethiopia, and he had enough trouble
keeping the local kleptocrats from stealing his computers
"they don't run without the passwords, so you can't resell them"
and the phone company yelled at him for making phone calls in Dutch,
which their eavesdroppers couldn't understand; French or Italian
or English would have been ok if he wasn't using a local language.
We got him a copy of PGP, but he didn't feel safe using it.
I think it _was_ Peter Wayner who posted it - this is an implementation
of his "mimic functions" paper from some years ago.
My former Senator, Joe Biden, got caught for plagiarizing Kinnock once -
it doesn't take a computer to generate bad speeches :-)
Does anybody have a copy of the Dilbert cartoon where
Dilbert's written a "Pointy-Haired-Boss-Speak" version of this?
Semtex Escobar Cocaine Radio Echelon TEMPEST Pablo Assassinate Semtex Semtex W Osama's Radio Directionfinding
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-19 09:29:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: REAL assassination politics 
It's obviously to prevent another Clinton administration,
just as it was used to prevent various Kennedy administrations :-)
Also takes care of any lingering Gore recount problems.
Constitutionally, before you assassinate someone, you have to propery indict the target and hold a trial in which
he or she is present, has a lawyer available, and is allowed to question the witnesses and appeal whether any
sentence of death is cruel or unusual punishment.
_Then_ you can sneak up on them and kill them,
or poison their cigars, or give them an Israeli cellphone
or a Ford Pinto.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-22 10:04:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reno rocks out 
Unfortunately, national security was not protected,
and the vote-stealer did get inaugurated :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-22 14:18:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
One of the major values to fiction is that it lets you think about
the social implications of technology, in most cases without
going deeply into the technology itself.  That's important for
cypherpunks, though the street finds its own uses for tech,
and it's easier to describe crypto non-bogusly than it is to
describe star-drive engines or brain-machine interfaces.
Neil Stephenson's Cryptonomicon is of course recommended,
and classics like Vinge's "True Names" and "A Fire Upon The Deep".
and Stephenson's "Snow Crash".  Orson Scott Card's "Ender's Game"
has some nice treatment of reputation systems and pseudonymity -
unfortunately it's *much* harder to get the tech correct than it is
to write about what if feels like to use well-designed systems :-)
Brunner's "Shockwave Rider" and Sterling's "Islands in the Net"
hit some of the appropriate space.
"Trouble and Her Friends" has some good treatment of cryptographically
protected subcultures, though that's more as redeeming-social-value
for a book that's written for genre.  "Idoru" by Gibson does some of the same.
Then there's "ruthless.com" by "whatever hack writer Tom Clancy's franchised his name out to these days" - Bad Tech, 1-dimensional characters,
but it's interesting to see whose political agenda he's selling out to.
Bring your barf bags, but read it....
Etizoni is a very technical boy.  Unfortunately, his value system
led him to invent "Fair Cryptography" (that's "fair" as in "Fair Trade",
not "fair" as in "actually fair to anybody" :-), which covers a couple of variants on key escrow.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-22 15:20:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NONSTOP Crypto Query 
I don't know about mainframes, but it wouldn't surprise me,
though the cooling and power systems are a bit large.
I do know that there was a PBX on Looking Glass back in the 60s -
a friend of mine did telecom for SAC Offutt, and says that
one of the people on the plane once noticed that there were
two lines busy on the PBX, but nobody on the phone.
They tracked it down, and found that some guy in the barracks
had a 16-button Autovon phone, and had dialed the magic number
on the ground-based PBX to get forwarded up to the bird,
dialed across the PBX and back down, then dialed out on AUTOVON.
Needless to say, unlike barracks phones which couldn't call much of
anybody off-base without asking the operator to set up the call,
the PBX on Looking Glass was allowed to call anybody in the world
that it wants to, at any priority it needs, so the guy was doing
a reasonably high-priority call to his buddies in Guam.
(AUTOVON was the old DoD AUTOmatic VOice Network, which had
a 5-level priority system to make sure that important calls get through.
To some extent, the priority system was also used to allocate
expensive resources, e.g. voice calls across the Pacific were more likely to succeed at Priority level than Routine,
and probably wouldn't get knocked down before you finished.
The extra four Touch-Tone buttons were used to signal the
priority level, and specific phones and locations were limited
in the level of priority they could dial.  Alternatively,
if you only had a regular phone, such as most phones on base PBXs,
you could place a priority call by asking the operator to connect you.
As a friend of mine said "We were authorized to make Flash-level calls,
but only if we actually *saw* a nuclear explosion..."   That's level
4 out of 5.)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-22 16:43:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
Gak.  How did I spaz so badly on that one?  Of course it was Micali.
Ignore my whole paragraph!
I think Etizoni did something technical though, but maybe it was
some other privacy-degrading thing, or maybe I'm remembering him
commenting on fair cryptosystems.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-23 00:57:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Some other math/crypto sci-fi 
It's worth reading the Illuminatus! trilogy first.
I tried finding that in used book stores a decade or so ago,
and for a while there was a Conspiracy to prevent me from
collecting the whole set....
But yes, Foucault's Pendulum was a howler as well as
having some deep material in it.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-23 01:28:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Recommendations for Cypherpunks Books 
There's always Ayn Rand - "The Fountainhead" has at least some
depth of characters, as opposed to her later and more polemic
"Atlas Shrugged", with its much thinner characters and
increased preachiness.
On the other hand, a lot of Frank Lloyd Wright's buildings haven't
passed the physical tests of time, and I gather geodesic domes
tend to leak even if they're not built as badly as those that Some Local Cypherpunks are living in - we'll see how
geodesic economies do...
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-24 15:29:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: APM: GnuPG and Perl GnuPG Interface for 
Isn't this really equivalent to using Conventional-only encryption
instead of public-key encryption?  Or is there some reason you want
to keep a public key in the process?  As with any customer-chosen
passphrase, there's the wimpy-passphrase problem, but you could
do something with salt to help strengthen it.
And avoiding public key should speed up your protocol a good bit,
though you've still got a public-key phase in your SSL.
At 05:15 PM 1/24/01 -0600, Jim Choate Forwarded:
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-24 16:47:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Microsoft DNS back up. 
Declan - Microsoft's DNS is back up; the article in
The Register  says their problems were due to DNS issues, not security
or denial of service attacks.
Previous story about it being down
There's much discussion on Slashdot,
but not much of it's useful :-)
With Microsoft trying last year to push the term
"Digital Nervous System" to usurp the acronym DNS,
in spite of it being the third or fourth most important
aspect of the Internet (and one of the most controversial),
having a Digital Nervous Breakdown seems like poetic justice.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-25 00:35:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Blank Frank and Lori Banks 
files.  program work. program? Mrs. Banks  Mrs. Banks - Cypherpunks is a large, noisy mailing list.
In addition to talking about cryptography, privacy, and the effects
on economics and politics of being able to talk and conduct business
without government interference, and random other topics,
we end up receiving lots of mail from people pretending to be
teenagers asking us about bombs, hacking, credit cards, etc.
Some of them are clueless kiddies who think we'll tell them
how to steal stuff to make bombs so they can be rilly kewl d00ds,
some of them are annoying kiddies who've found they can stir up
lots of annoyed discussion by posting provocative or clueless questions,
and some are probably cops who think they can stir up business
by finding people doing stuff with Bombs and Computer Crime
that make good headline material.*
So don't be surprised if readers like Blank Frank take you for one of these three categories (start at the middle and work your way out),
and either gives you the flames you're looking for or
the abuse you deserve if you're one of the clueless types.
Your message could be perfectly legitimate, but it's just
dripping with troll bait....  We haven't had anybody
saying their somebody's Mom who wants to break into her kid's
machine before, but hey, there's a first time for everything.
On the other hand, many of us were once teenagers who had
parents who didn't understand us (what a surprise, eh?)
and a request saying "I don't trust my kid and I want to crack
his passwords to spy on him" isn't guaranteed to get more
sympathy for you than for your kid.
Anyway, that being said, there are only a few reasons for having
lots of Microsoft password files around.  One is that your son has created
lots of logins on your home computer, either for his friends to use
or because he's creating lots of different identities for himself.
The former is something you may want to talk to him about,
depending on how much control you want to have over that computer
(is it his bedroom game machine or are you running the family business on it?)
Another is that he has logins of his own on multiple machines using
Microsoft-style logins.   That's kind of odd - is he running a bunch
of web pages on FrontPage-based servers, or is he cracking into
corporate machines?
The "17 passwords" is pretty close to a magic number, which is the number
of "access devices" it takes for possessing stolen/cracked passwords
to become a US Federal crime.  I forget if the number is 15,
in which case by asking us to crack them you're asking us to
commit a Federal crime (remember the discussion about cops trying
to win friends and influence headlines through entrapment?),
depending on whether you have authorization to access the machines
that those passwords apply to (if you give us permission to crack the
passwords for your own machine, it's not a crime, but if they're
the passwords for your kid's publishing accounts on commercial porn sites,
that might be criminal, and if they're for accounts your kid's
trying to break into, or if you're really the kid or a cop,
it could be criminal.)  So if you're thinking about breaking into your kid's machine,
because you don't trust him, yes, you've got some relationship
problems you'll have to deal with.  Not much different from asking
your kid where he went and having him say "Out" - either you go
ask all the neighbors where he went because he won't tell you,
or you work on the relationship, or you hire a private detective
to track him, just as you could probably hire Access Data or somebody
to break his password files, if you were willing to risk criminality.
I'd recommend going for the relationship....
*  (Perhaps some are even good cops trying to do what they think is their job by stopping clueless kiddies from posting dangerous inaccurate information where more clueless kiddies will find it.  We do have some cops and Feds on the list that are open about it, and they're good folks we go shooting with :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-25 01:17:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spam attempting Paypal scam 
The cypherpunks and coderpunks lists just received spam from
"Betty Hill" saying you've just been sent $200.  CJB.net is a free URL redirection service - it would have pointed off
to somewhere (presumably a moving target) to snarf up some Paypal
account information and any other data it could.
The anonymizer couldn't display it, either because it's closed down
or just one of those things that the Anonymizer can't grok,
but it is an interesting scam.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-25 09:04:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Some other math/crypto sci-fi 
owned by
On a slightly more cypherpunkish theme, before Cryptonomicon had the
base-52 Solitaire encryption, there had been some people who'd done
256-card implementations of RC4.  That's a lot of cards -
a 64-card version would still be reasonably secure.
The Illuminati collectable-card-game cards from Steve Jackson Games
would do well (maybe there are 256?), but it's easier to do
something with suits and numbers on lots of the cards;
a Tarot deck has something like 79 cards, and an appropriate
amount of deliberate obfuscation.  There's also the Silicon Valley Tarot (which first appeared on the web,  but SJG sells the cards) which has more localized archetypes,
like The Hacker, The Garage, The Ace of Cubicles, Bugs, Encryption.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-26 21:03:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: search engine attack on GWB 
I'll leave discussion of whether the term is actually
inappropriate for GWB to those who are better informed ;-)
Google's search engines do weight their responses based on
how many web pages link to a given page - there's probably
some minor trick involved in getting the keywords into a page that doesn't use it (or at least perceived by Google to be.)
But it's not that hard to develop an HTTP server that will
serve up large numbers of "different" web pages that all reference
the page you're trying to push - the server can go pretty fast
when it doesn't need to read an actual file or search directories, just output a bunch of cached strings in some slightly random order that
keeps google happy.   Depending on google's search algorithms,
there may be optimal mixtures of different domain names,
IP addresses, and file names to encourage google's spiders to
come back as fast as possible, and it's highly probable that
somebody's been experimenting with that precisely to
promote their commercial site.  It helps to have high bandwidth,
and it may help to piggyback on an existing web server just to
include pointers to the fake-site-pool to increase the number of
real links coming in from the outside world.
Is google already trying to track hacks like this?  Probably :-)
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-01-28 23:16:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: test message to cypherpunks@toad.com - please ignore 
majordomo at toad.com seems to think the list doesn't exist.
Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 2001-07-16 17:17:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What NAI is telling people 
The usual principle of
"Never attribute to malice what can adequately be explained by stupidity"
applies here, though with governments having ample supplies of both you can't always be sure.   NAI's US organizations can't sell directly to
anyone in countries on the Yanqui Enemies List, be they freedom fighters,
government thugs, or just everyday businessfolks, but even Official Enemies
can still download freeware off the PGPi non-US-owned sites.

@_date: 2001-07-18 13:31:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Who can tax a satellite? 
So how much does Cuban Air Traffic Control charge for U2 overflight support?
1960 - 2001, with some reasonable interest rates for late payments....

@_date: 2001-07-18 13:47:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Who can tax a satellite? 
But ownership is easily fixed - a few magic words from a lawyer
(ok, with a lot of expensive research into tax and accounting issues first),
and the satellite is owned by a Caribbean corporation owned by Hughes,
so it's no longer physical property subject to Los Angeles property taxes.
That doesn't mean a tax collector can't try to attach one of Hughes's
buildings near LAX, but it becomes a much different problem.

@_date: 2001-07-18 16:15:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: TIME.com: Nation -- Supreme Court: Relax. The Heat is Off 
Looking in your car windows is non-invasive.
Looking in your house windows with binoculars is non-invasive -
you're shipping photons to the public outside world,
and they're just picking them up the way they'd
go through your garbage cans, which is also non-invasive.
Shining bright spotlights in your windows at night to
see through your curtains is probably invasive.
Looking through your house walls with infrared goggles
strikes me as really tacky but in some sense non-invasive.
It's nice that the Supremes decided that seeing through walls
without a warrant is not ok, because normal people can't see through walls,
but it actually was a bit of a stretch.
And technology has moved from night-vision goggles being
used Russian military equipment at gun shows to
$100 things you can buy at Fry's (which work outside
but don't see through walls), but soon enough anybody
will be able to see through walls if there's enough market.
(Anybody can already do that just like police can now,
but the hardware's expensive enough that most people don't bother.
Steven Wright has a line about "I couldn't tell if they were
cops or just people dressed up as cops, but that's really
all that cops are anyway...")

@_date: 2001-07-25 18:17:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ashcroft Targets U.S. Cybercrime 
I'm not sure which of the >s are Petro, Schliesser, Measl, or others,
I think this was Petro, who I think was a Marine, and therefore should know The Uniform Code of Military Justice *requires* soldiers to
refuse to obey illegal orders.
Police generally are required to uphold the Constitution,
and no amount of weaseling about "I'm not the departmental legal counsel,
I'm the guy with the blue suit" relieves them of that responsibility.
There are substantial differences between these two situations -
usually an illegal order to a soldier involves shooting people,
while an unconstitutional action by a cop involves arresting people
or serving warrants on them, which can be argued about later,
so it's far more critical that a soldier individually do the right thing,
even though an inappropriate refusal by a soldier can result in lots of
dead people, while an incorrect refusal or inaction by a cop
only results in somebody not getting arrested or the
city's insurance company paying a bunch of lawyers for a lawsuit.
It's both.  And enforcement of laws typically has a huge latitude -
the DMCA doesn't say anything about refusing to give Dmitri a bail hearing,
or whether to take every piece of electronics in a "hacker's" house.
The "I know it when I see it" test for obscenity is very broad.
And the property-forfeiture-for-drugs laws may allow police to
steal anything nailed down or not if they think they can make a case
that there might have been drugs around that the victim won't have
the resources to successfully defend against, but don't require it,
and enforcement seems suspiciously correlated with which police
departments make a profit from doing it.
Certainly Janet Reno and Louis Freeh were a bad lot and we're well rid of them,
but Ashcroft's belief in the Constitution certainly appears not to
include the First Amendment.  We'll see how much he likes the others
as he goes along.
I strongly disagree.
Let's start with a terminology rant -
Cops used to call themselves "peace officers".  Sure, it was propaganda,
but the point is that they're there to "serve and protect"  (at least for the upper classes.)
Or they claimed they were in the "Justice" business.
Now they're calling themselves "Law Enforcement", trying to use the
culture's leftover respect for "law" as a protection of individual rights,
rather than its current meaning of "whatever the legislature writes",
whether that's special-interest support like the DMCA or
religious/cultural preferences like the laws against some drugs,
and trying to use this to justify the use of however much force it takes
to force people to obey.  No different from what an invading army does.
If a cop believes that a law is unconstitutional or unjust,
then if anything his job is not to resign and let someone else enforce it,
but to prevent its enforcement, at least through inaction
if not through active reorganization of the police force.
If equal application of the law has a part to play here,
it's in getting other cops NOT to impose injustice,
not in copping out by imposing injustice himself or quitting.
It was clear, just wrong - but go ahead :-)
         [Example 1 - people don't know if they'll be pulled over by Good Cop or Bad Cop, especially near town border.]
         [Example 2 - Good Sheriff replaced by Officer Hardass. ]
It's still wrong to enforce unjust laws, and also to enforce unconstitutional ones.
If a law's on the books, the citizens have to decide individually whether to obey them.
The examples given involved concealed handguns and searches for same -
if police are doing unconstitutional searches, there are problems anyway.
Problems with differing laws at borders are difficult anyway,
but having a location where laws are enforced less strictly is certainly
no risk for the neighbors, and we've already got enough laws that you're
probably violating some of them without even realizing it.
A friend of mine has a button that says "if the public were required to
*know* all the laws, and not merely to obey them, there'd be a revolution

@_date: 2001-07-25 18:39:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Assasination Politics in the Middle East 
I saw a wire-service article the other day that said that
Ariel Sharon's government had put out or endorsed a list of
radical fanatic extremist Palestinian group leaders who were targets for
assassination in revenge for the recent bombings in Israel.
Perhaps the article got mangled in translation or
I misread it because the train was noisy,
but it sure looked that way.  It didn't mention Arafat

@_date: 2001-07-27 20:59:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Inadvertently appropriate spam from TLAVIDEO.COM 
TLA Video.  So *many* possibilities :-)
We've got your FBI surveillance videos, your NRO satellite photos,
CIA spy movies, KGB spy movies with similar plots, OMB fantasies, IRS S&M FCC bootlegs of "Seven dirty words you can't say on TV",
movies about chocolate from the FDA and NEA,
science fiction from the DOE and EPA (and the Warren Commission),
even a few old black&white WPA films.
And an 800 number just waiting for some 2600 kiddie to have fun with it....
         [body of spam mostly deleted]

@_date: 2001-07-28 17:21:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FBI Scarfs up Scarfo's PGP passphrase, Federal Court Case 
The article's somewhat long, and has quotes by David Sobel of EPIC
and various Feds.  The Feds didn't have a wiretap warrant,
only a search warrant, and black-bagged Scarfo's computer.
         "Armed only with a search warrant, the FBI broke into Scarfo's          and put either a program on his computer or an electronic bug in his keyboard -
         officials will not say which - and recorded everything typed by the son
         of the jailed former boss of the Philadelphia mob."

@_date: 2001-07-28 17:38:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Tampa using cameras to scan for wanted faces-- 
Some of y'all still have enough hair to do that :-)

@_date: 2001-07-31 02:13:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Criminalizing crypto criticism 
Naahhh...  You ought to be able to buy a much better government than that.  :-)
That actually is part of the problem - governments writing laws about things
they don't really understand.  It's most obvious in high-tech areas,
but even something as potentially simple as the tax code confuses them,
because there are thousands of pages of special cases designed mostly
independently to attempt to achieve various social goals or help various
special interests, too many for anyone to keep track of when trying to
band-aid the code to achieve the next social or political objective.
And the special interests who are successful in getting them to do things
generally aren't much more competent about it, and the unexpected
consequences may or may not help them.

@_date: 2001-06-10 18:04:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "This Is Your Brain On Cow" 
An acquaintance of mine and his druggie friends decided that
since many drugs have different effects depending on whether they're
consumed in original plant form, refined powder, or smoked,
they'd try smoking some caffeine pills.
Crunched up their No-Doz, put it in their pipe and smoked it.
Do not try this.
Everything caffeine does to you, the jitters, the headaches, etc.,
all at once in a big unpleasant rush...
Stick to the brewed stuff.

@_date: 2001-06-11 23:29:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: (on Young's "private language") 
John's writing may lead to some speculation about whether he
did a little too much James Joyce in the 60s,
but it's worth reading a much higher fraction of the time than
most Internet writers, and when he's making stuff up
it's almost always creative and interesting.
On the other hand, it's less clear whether *you're*
asking about people who write in a gently intellectual spirit
or whether you're talking about goyish intellectuals here...

@_date: 2001-06-12 00:05:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole!  (And digging out...) 
ORBS *was* a reputation server - as with any real instance of such,
the reputations it publishes are the opinions of the publisher,
and the rest of the users of the higher-level reputation system
have to decide how much creedence to give those opinions.
In this case, a sufficiently large number of people rate ORBS
the way Mac, Choate, and measl do, i.e. varying degrees of dislike,
that they're now toast (and good riddance to them.)
 > Whoa. commie privacy leftie punks? what was ORBS?
 > And we don't have to talk about holding guns to
 > heads. We're talking about holding a boycott
 > to heads.  Sounds pretty commie leftie to me.
 > Talk about sheeple, jeez.
Boycotting a boycott organizer, plus boycotting a boycott
organizer who's boycotting another boycott organizer.
While Declan's comment about Choate was a bit offtopic,
you could draw analogies between ORBS and the McCarthyite Red Baiters.
"I have a list here of 200 Spammunists, and if you don't trust my list,
YOU must be a Spammunist Dupe and we'll put you on the list too!"
Unlike Vixie's MAPS, which was mostly well-behaved and reasonable,
ORBS was a loose cannon blasting around at random,
and to continue the Anti-Commie analogy,
they _did_ go busting into places hunting suspected Spammies,
and harassing anybody who objected like FBI agents
harassing anybody who insisted on seeing a warrant.
A real reputation system needs to deal with extremes like this,
including small, loud agitators, big quiet ones Disneyfying the culture
or Moral Majoritarians, ranting Detweilers with axes to grind
(who gave us invaluable practice before the spam floods hit)
and all sorts of other problems.
ORBS was a good learning experience.  So is the trouble that people like
John Gilmore (and to a lesser extent, me) are having with
spam-blocker technology (mainly closed relays) blocking legitimate email.
The 802.11 wireless LAN technology and the risks of drive-by spammers
balanced with the desire for open access give us some more opportunities
to find a good balance of openness vs. ease of abuse.
Anybody want to build a hashcash-enabled SMTP relay for wireless?
Or for that matter, a hashcash-enabled SMTP proxy for general use?

@_date: 2001-06-12 00:38:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Automatics 
At 12:46 AM 06/11/2001 -0700, Tim May replied:
The military recoilless rifles are more or less bazookas -
their objective is to fire a relatively large and usually explosive shell
to blow up tanks, trucks, and other big hard targets,
while still being conveniently portable.
I'm also puzzled by the "flakes" comments - rapidly expanding gasses
are plenty of reaction mass, though perhaps there's some sort of
wadding to provide increased gas pressure that gets flaked in
the explosion.

@_date: 2001-06-12 00:58:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Entire ISP Forced to Close 
Most of my experience is with big backbone providers,
big enterprises, web hosting services, and very small ISPs.
Early on, there were three main backbone providers - MCI, UUNET, Sprint -
and a small ISP would buy their first T1 feed from MCI (cheapest),
and as soon as they could justify a second T1, they'd buy it from
one of the other providers so that hopefully there wouldn't be
bad routing instabilities on both at the same time.
Things have gotten much more reliable, but also much bigger,
and most ISPs still buy diverse connections when they need more than one.
Almost every web hosting ad talks about having multiple connections,
whether that's 2 T3s or 2 OC12s to different backbones,
because you still need it for reliability.
If you're out of service for a day, you lose customers, fast,
while if your performance is doggy for a day, they'll usually stick around.
Having N thousand small ISPs, and hundreds of small web hosting businesses,
plus dozens of big ISPs and hosting services means there's lots of competition -
if you provide undependable service, people will leave, unless
they're somewhere geographically special or have other special issues.
Most non-huge US ISPs don't have large numbers of physical peering circuits,
but ISPs that use the public exchange points or carrier hotels
often peer with a number of other ISPs, because that either requires
just administrative agreements (on a routed exchange point)
or additional PVCs (on an ATM exchange point.)
Some exchange points work by everybody peering with the exchange
rather than with each other, but it's a similar effect.

@_date: 2001-06-12 09:27:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Thermal Imaging Decision Applicable to TEMPEST? 
TEMPEST really refers to two kinds of technology -
keeping equipment quiet, and reading signals from not-quiet-enough
equipment.  The former category is the main thing that would
apply to private citizens, and it's not addressed here.
I suppose there's also the issue of whether police can use
evidence eavesdropped by private citizens, but there are
probably similar cases dealing with cameras.
Agreed.  The decision sounded like it there'd have been no issue
if the police had obtained a warrant first - after all,
they could have no-knocked on the door and come in,
if they'd had any actual evidence.
And they could have lurked outside the house watching for
suspicious-looking visitors if they thought this was commercial.
And unfortunately, just because the guy won in the Supremes
doesn't mean he gets his dope back :-)

@_date: 2001-06-12 10:00:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
There are movie critics who'd *like* to block you from seeing some movies,
and if you're under 17 they're somewhat successful at it (or under 13 at And there are critics who make sure that some movie *scenes* don't get shown.
And movie critics like Rudy Guiliani who block some kinds of movie theaters
from some parts of their cities.
And there are movie critics who have enough influence on the market
that movies they pan don't stay on the market as long as they
might otherwise, so you might miss a movie because of that.
And that doesn't even count the movie critics who decide that
some movies not commercial enough so they don't get made.

@_date: 2001-06-12 10:19:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ORBS sucked into a black hole! 
ORBS's relay hunter software was often extremely aggressive,
pounding heavily on systems trying to see if it could send test spam.
Some ISPs and systems disliked that kind of rudeness and blocked them,
and that was enough to get you blacklisted.
At one point, MAPS was blocking ORBS, so MAPS users all blocked ORBS
         (Mommy, mommy, he's on MY side of the room!  Make him stop!)
so you didn't even have to be trying to block them to get blacklisted.
Also, harboring spammers can be much harder to verify -
some places let them operate out in the open,
while some expected their spammers to be stealthier,
and it's hard to tell a stealthy tolerated customer
from a stealthy not-caught-yet policy-violating customer,
especially from an ISP who's mostly in the colocation business
so the spammer may be a customer of a customer or
a customer of a customer of a customer.
Plus colocation or hosting customers may leave open relays
out of ignorance, or by mistake,
or because they don't have a good technical alternative,
and their ISPs may get crap from ORBS.
And that doesn't even count ISPs who have strong and enforced
anti-spamming policies but have occasional sales people who
are clueless about spam and willing to write contracts allowing violations -
my employer got embarassed by that a year or so
and the VP had to yell at everybody to make sure it doesn't happen again :-)
MAPS wasn't always the most flexibly-responding system,
but at least you could negotiate with them.
Also, spamming is active misbehaviour, while open relays aren't -
they're just something that's too easily abused, and closing them
reduces the tools available to spammers.
It's too bad - it was much easier for me to send email from my laptop
when I could use the same mail relay regardless of whether I was
connected to the LAN at work or dialed into my ISP,
because "att.com" would forward my mail either way.
(Then when that got closed, "research.att.com" would...)
Now I have to switch mail servers depending on where I am.

@_date: 2001-06-17 15:00:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Will the real Slim Shady please shut up 
It depends.  If you're talking about obscenity on the radio or internet,
or commercial speech like tobacco advertising, then, no, the
First Amendment isn't about that, it's about protecting political speech.
Of course, if you're talking about election campaign finances,
and whether somebody can spend their own money to promote their
political beliefs, that's a much different story -
elections are *far* too important to allow that sort of thing.
Maybe *I'm* Slim Shady...
Yeah.  The US equivalent, National Public Radio and its relatives,
used to be a reasonably adequate knockoff of the BBC and CBC.
Over the last few years, it's increasingly turned into a
propaganda engine for corporatism, brought to you by
a grant from Archer Daniels Midland, Big Oil 1, Big Oil 2, etc.,
with less of the interesting in-depth foreign coverage.
This has unfortunately also happened to Pacifica Radio,
the socialist network that used to carry obviously slanted but
interesting coverage of international activities.
But it's now getting about 15% of its funding from the
Corporation for Public Broadcasting, in spite of its previous claims
to not take corporate advertising (which would affect its content),
and it's gotten watered down to the point that it not only would
probably not fight the Seven Dirty Words You Can't Say On TV case,
it's become almost as insipid as PBS and the Capitalist Broadcasting System.

@_date: 2001-06-21 19:46:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Aryan Anonymity, White Hoodies Style 
Because they want to walk down the middle of the street
without wearing automobiles.
Not that New Yorkers are particularly bothered by jaywalking,
but it's the kind of thing that upsets some people.
Needing a permit to march non-blockingly down the sidewalk
or hang out in the park (limiting their incendiary activities
to rhetoric and not cross-burning) would be a constitutional issue,
but that's a mostly lost battle as well;
if you want to act like a parade in a big city,
you generally need a permit.

@_date: 2001-03-08 15:19:00
@_author: Bill Stewart home email 
@_subject: OK, which node is down? [WAS: Re: Denial of Service Attackon  
As far as I can tell, I've been receiving this discussion via
so it must be ok....

@_date: 2001-03-09 10:59:33
@_author: Bill Stewart home email 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks March 2001 Physical MeetingAnnouncement 
(Not sure if this got to the meetingpunks or cypherpunks lists;
sorry if it's a duplicate.)
See for SF, Toronto, & Bangalore Cypherpunks announcements.
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks March 2001 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday 8 March 2001
TIME:   12:00 - 5:30 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  Alpine Inn (aka Alpine Beer Garden)
         3915 Alpine Road, Portola Valley, CA 94028 USA
    "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
At Noon, we mill around for a bit: the organized program begins about
1:00 pm.
As usual, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited.
TECHNICAL TRACK
      .xxx domains and a W-Washington update --  Declan McCullagh
      Declan will hold forth on his recent work opposing the creation of
      a .xxx top-level domain.  Also, he'll give an update on what 'W'
      seems to be up to in Washington, vis a vis export, network
      e-commerce, and anything else we can convince him to talk about.
      PKCS  application development: Project 'Minow' -- Rodney Thayer
      Rodney will talk about his recent adventures in the world of PKCS
      tokens.  He's been developing a set of tools to work with various
      kinds of key storage devices, including the iButton.
POLICY TRACK
      Open discussion on TLD's, new.net, etc.
CONFERENCE TRACK:
      Our brethern and sistern are off in snowy Boston freezing there
      encrypted key material off.  We'll have an update next time,
NOTE NOTE NOTE:
      Next month's meeting will be the Saturday BEFORE the RSA
      the 7th, that's the FIRST Saturday of the month, following the
      canonical standard nonstandard algorithm change for RSA Conference
      month.
    Alpine Inn, Portola Valley
    Just behind Palo Alto toward the ocean. Take the Alpine Road exit
off 280
    heading away from the flatlands for a few miles until you see
    Rd on your left - and it's right on that corner.
    For lo these many moons - the flotsam, jetsam, bikers, movers,
    VC's and horsemen of the Bay Area have mooted at this historic
    Many a standard (ISO, ANSI, IEEE, RFC, et al) has been hammered out
    on the carved up tabletops - lubricated by burgers and beer.
    We meet at the tables out the back door and to the right.
    (In case that wasn't clear, it's a BEER GARDEN.  Has food too --
    etc.)
Location Maps:
If you have questions, comments or last-minute agenda requests, please
contact the meeting organizer/victim:
Rodney Thayer rodney at tillerman.to +1 408 757 9693

@_date: 2001-03-10 12:33:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Shooting down 'Bandit Satellites' 
Platinum costs vary, but I've never seen it above $500/oz,
and I think it's more often about $300, e.g. about the price of
good marijuana, which far more than 1 in 1000 hobbyists can afford :-)
How much of it do you need for a can-sat engine's catalyst?
That's separate from questions of whether it's easy to work with,
or whether you can get the catalyst into the form you need,
e.g. wire mesh or particles spread on fiberglass or whatever.

@_date: 2001-03-10 12:36:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Slashdot | The Future of Copy Control 
That's an easy job for a mail filter in most mail user agents.
It's not like there's no other clutter in Cpunks...

@_date: 2001-03-10 12:41:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Register - Has the NSA broken EU encryption? 
I'm puzzled by this whole thing.  Somebody's alleging that the
EU's Really Important Secrets are protected by an EU algorithm,
and that some EU employee ratted them out to the NSA,
and the NSA and EU are both denying it.
What secrets does "the EU" have?
Shouldn't they be operating mostly in public?
Why would they use a cryptosystem that was easily broken,
(other than GSM mobile phones, of course),
rather than a decently strong cryptosystem where the
main problem is theft of keys from the relevant users?
It all sounds pretty bogus.

@_date: 2001-03-10 13:17:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: DoJ and Cypherpunks... 
(And I'd attribute the lack of Subject: line to incompetence with
mail user agents rather than to malice.)
JYA is very definitely a Journalist, but in a newer
internet-related form that Fed procedures may not have caught up with.
Declan, on the other hand, works for one or more traditional press
companies, so he fits in the Journalist bureaucratic pigeonhole,
even though some of his press companies are mainly online.
While I mostly agree with Tim's views that the First Amendment
doesn't carve out special civil rights for journalists,
governments do generally distinguish between categories like
"works for a big enough press company that we might get flamed
in front of a large audience if we harass him, and they've got lawyers",
unlike journalists who work for small rantzines (no slack for them),
or freelancers like JYA.
Still, it might be fun to harass the Feds for not following their
own procedures in subpoenaing JYA, though that's pretty irrelevant
to the case itself since they're mostly Bureau CYA rather than due process.

@_date: 2001-03-10 13:51:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FC: MIT programmers create 7-line Perl app that decrypts 
DVD CSS decoding in 7 lines of perl is a cute hack,
but it doesn't accomplish one of the main goals of DVDCSS,
which is to explain the structure of the lame crypto algorithm.
Even if you unwrap this to put the white space back,
it's dense unreadable line noise.

@_date: 2001-03-13 23:38:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: WSJ: NSA Computer Upgrade 
NSA COMPUTER UPGRADE - [The Wall Street Journal, B1.]  What does it take to
send an e-mail to all 38,000 employees at the government's premier computing
center, the supersecret National Security Agency?  "An act of God," says the
agency's director since 1999, Lt. Gen. Michael Hayden.  The NSA, he
discovered to his chagrin last year, has 68 e-mail systems.  He has three
computers on his desk - none of which can communicate with the others.  To
deal with those frustrations, Hayden is now plunging into one of the U.S.
government's biggest information-technology outsourcing deals ever.  More
than 15 companies, including AT&T, Computer Sciences, IBM, General Dynamics
and OAO, have formed three teams to compete for a contract set to be valued
at as much as $5 billion over 10 years.  Requests for proposals went out
last week; the winner will be chosen by July.  Project Groundbreaker, as the
job is called, will be a curious venture by any measure.  The winning
consortium will take over running the NSA's office-technology
infrastructure, including thousands of desktop computers and a Medusa-like
tangle of software and internal communications systems.  Hayden describes
the current setup as "anarchic, convoluted and complex."  It is a holdover
from the days when the NSA, for security reasons, was broken into dozens of
sealed-off compartments.  Each bought its own computers, developed its own
software and built its own networks, intentionally cut off from the rest of
the organization.  Hayden now wants to open the place up, at least
internally.  Whoever wins the Groundbreaker contract will have to meld the
current mess into one seamless network, so that for the first time the
agency can move around top-secret files as any company would, but without
fear of an external security breach.  If Groundbreaker succeeds, industry
experts predict it could set off a wave of other big outsourcing deals
within the federal government.  Likely next candidates include the
departments of Energy and Defense, and even the Central Intelligence Agency.
"This will set the standard for how all similar deals proceed," says Thomas
Robinson, president of CSC's Defense Group, which is leading one team that
also includes General Dynamics and Verizon.  The leaders of the other two
competing consortia are AT&T and OAO.

@_date: 2001-03-17 14:23:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Shooting down 'Bandit Satellites' 
Interesting - wish gold and silver would do the same :-)
Probably either increased industrial use or reduced mining...

@_date: 2001-03-19 22:35:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: John Doe vs. John Doe: Virginia Court's Decision in Online 
Sent: Saturday, March 17, 2001 4:18 AM
CYBER LAW JOURNAL
Virginia Court's Decision in Online 'John Doe' Case Hailed by Free-Speech
By CARL KAPLAN
Cyber Law Journal
In what was apparently the first Internet defamation case to involve both
an anonymous plaintiff and anonymous defendants, the Supreme Court of
Virginia refused to grant an unidentified company access to America
Online's confidential subscriber information unless the firm agreed to
reveal its identity.
The plaintiff in the case, named in court documents only as "Anonymous
Publicly Traded Company," dropped its efforts to subpoena AOL after
agreeing on Wednesday to the dismissal of a related case in Indiana.
Douglas M. Palais, the lawyer for the plaintiff company, declined to
explain why his client had dropped its case.
While the litigation is no longer pending, the ruling handed down in
Virginia could set a precedent for similar lawsuits across the country. In
its decision, the Virginia court said that an anonymous plaintiff could be
given subpoena power only if it would suffer exceptional harm, such as a
social stigma or extraordinary economic retaliation, as a result of
revealing its identity.
For archives see:

@_date: 2001-03-22 18:53:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: 8 year old arrested for paper gun, words 
Yes, but either the kids didn't say things like
"I'm going to kill you all" to the class,
or else they watched the TV News enough to know whether
it's a bad day to say that sort of thing (....)
Or at least they only said it on the playground when they were playing
Native Americans and Invading European Cattle-Enslavers.

@_date: 2001-03-25 18:58:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Meet the FBI: Re: hello 
Just because a crime is Federal doesn't mean the FBI will be involved;
depends on what you did, whether it's known at the time you did it that
there were Federal crimes involved, whether the investigation is something
that local cops can handle just fine or that need Federal help,
whether the Feds are FBI, DEA, BATF, IRS, or other Federal agencies, etc.
Sometimes the crime involves an actual victim and a crime scene,
and it may be obvious enough from the crime scene or victim complaint
that there are Federal crimes involved and enough complexity or
inter-state activity that the local cops will bring in Feds.
But sometimes the local cops don't need Federal help.
Also, sometimes the "crime" doesn't involve a victim -
it's private transactions between parties who aren't complaining
about it as long as neither party rips off the other party.
Sometimes those "crimes" are discovered by prying local cops,
sometimes by prying Feds, and sometimes the activity starts off
victimless, there's a dispute, and in the absence of the
ability to use the legal system to resolve conflict,
the parties resort to the pre-Common-Law Anglo-Saxon method of
Trial By Combat to resolve the problem, and the cops
discover that the participant has become deceased due to
issues of Interstate Commerce, or recognize him from The Files,
and bring in the FBI for help.
And sometimes the criminals are the BATF, and the FBI are
brought in to cover up, er, resolve the situation.

@_date: 2001-03-26 01:35:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Slashdot | 3D Microfluid Computers Used To Solve NP 
Cryptographically *un*interesting.
         > [Good discussion of key lengths, deleted...]
The microfluid computers were solving small instances of NP problems;
larger volumes would let them solve larger instances, but not
blazingly large, though you could get respectably large by using
an ocean-full of the stuff.  That gets you a few extra bits of solution.
But it's not solving general-purpose computing - it's solving
specialized problems which may be somewhat useful for small
instances of NP-hard problems, so it may be useful for
possibly-NP-hard problems like factoring and discrete logs.
Adding a few bits of key length to those problems is less annoying
than adding them to most symmetric-key algorithms, where
there's more likely to be structure to the key length
(e.g. adding a few key bits to RC4 is no problem,
as long as you're below 255, but adding them to DES doesn't work.)
Judging from the abstract, it's still cool stuff,
even if it's not all that practical.

@_date: 2001-03-26 09:51:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: semi-anon test from a throwaway account part deux 
It's been 30 years since I read The Time Machine,
but didn't the Eloi only have 1 L in their name?
 > Received: from [204.156.156.63] by web13205.mail.yahoo.com; Wed, 21 Mar 2001 18:37:14 PST
How fast they trace Yahoo is an open question -
If you care, find an anonymizer to read your webmail through.
I'm reading off-line, but the IP address is probably that of
the machine at the internet cafe you're using -
depending on how organized the cafe and someone tracing you are,
they may be able to find you quickly, or not.
For instance, if you're at joesinternetcafe.com,
Joe's Internet Cafe, 1234 5th street, San Francisco,
and Joe's system adminstrator can tell that
.63 is the table in the corner, you may be toast.
On the other hand, if your IP address is a
NAT box on a DSL line connected to Pac Bell Internet,
at a chain of coffeeshops staffed by non-technical baristas,
         "I don't know how the router thing works.  Want donuts?"
and you're a 17-year-old kid in a room full of
15-20-year-old kids playing Quake, you'll have plenty of time
to boogie out of there before the cops show up,
or certainly before they figure out it was you -
unless you've threatened to nuke Washington now,
any investigation will be after the fact,
so the real issue is whether you paid by credit card or cash
and whether any name you used is traceable to you.

@_date: 2001-03-28 23:35:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Virginia law bans anonymous remailers 
Remailers aren't for falsifying email transmission information -
they're for concealing and deleting that information.
You're not pretending that your mail originates at foo.remailer.net,
you're just not telling anybody how it got there.
Even a nymserver doesn't do that - joepseudonym at foo.nymserver.net
isn't claiming to really live inside that mail server,
just to have an address on that server.
The features in Netscape and Eudora that let you pick your From: info
might count, and of course Fakemail and similar programs definitely would.
A more interesting issue is how this applies to AOL screen names,
and also how involved AOL was in the creation of the law,
since they're largely a Virginia-based company.

@_date: 2001-03-30 12:43:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Mr. Choate, an important message  from Justice Scalia.... 
Discussion by Jim Choate, Declan, and Aimee -
Marbury vs. Madison was an entertaining power grab by the Supremes,
but while it may not have been explicitly planned by the bunch of
politicians who wrote the messy compromise that's the Constitution,
the Constitutional requirement that there be a hierarchy of courts
with one Supreme Court means that something like it should happen.
If you don't like the idea that the Supreme's job is interpreting
the constitutionality of laws made by the legislature,
their job at minimum involves deciding appeals in specific cases,
and it's possible under Constutionally implied-but-unspecified
conditions to appeal cases up the hierarchy.
Some of those cases will involve questions where a law made by Congress
or by a state (at least after the 14th amendment)
conflicts with the majority of Supreme Court judges' opinions
about what the Constitution (and amendments) directly states
or with what they believe are fundamental civil rights
which the 9th and 10th amendments confirm may exist even though they
are not specifically enumerated.
So even if, in a Choatian World, they couldn't say
"We're the Supreme Arbiters Of The Meaning Of The Constitution",
they can still say "We're the top of the judicial hierarchy,
and we say that X is a bad law, and will rule in any case that
is appealed to us that that the accused is not guilty
and award legal costs to the accused."
Under common law, throwing out cases of unjust laws is not only
the job of the jury, it's also the job of the judge
(though the judge also works for the King, and it may also
be his job to enforce unjust laws.)
Lower courts don't like getting overturned, so they'd generally
stay in line given a ruling like that, and if not,
the accused can spend the costs of the appeal and win.
And since most courts generally follow precedents,
once the Supremes have announced that X is a bad law,
they'll generally stick to it for quite a while,
or at least until the political climate changes and
they decide some case doesn't quite fit the conditions
that the precedent was set under, or weasel-word around it,
or decide to do a rare break with tradition and issue a
contradictory opinion.

@_date: 2001-03-30 14:48:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: We've filed a motion to quash my subpoena from the DoJ 
Declan - Do you know how to reach this clueless reporter's editor?
Does Wired News _have_ editors that check this stuff out?
"Assassination Politics" is, of course, not a site, just an essay,
and while Bell may be an obsessive wacko, he does know the
technology well enough to know that digital cash and
anonymous remailers aren't sufficiently developed or deployed
to actually implement AP.  The web page that the article points to,
on John Young's Cryptome archive site, is not an assassination service,
but merely a copy of Bell's essay.
Given the current trial, this sort of irresponsible reporting is
not only potentially libelous, it could endanger Bell's
ability to get a fair trial if read by any potential jurors.
         Bill Stewart

@_date: 2001-03-30 21:56:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NIST Symmetric Key Block Cipher Algorithms workshop 
Akamai isn't a DoubleClick type of service -
it's a distributed caching system that allows web sites
to get better performance by caching static web content
on large ISPs and other sites likely to be nearer to readers
than the content owner's web site.
Akamai _could_ do detailed who's-reading-what tracking if they
wanted to  (I don't know if they do), but their basic objective
is to ship pages fast and bill the page owners for bandwidth.

@_date: 2001-03-31 13:22:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: update.532 [Black Hole Computing] 
That was very interesting.  Kind of reminds me of
Cypherpunks Semi-Arch-Nemesis David Brin's "Earth",
where people messing around with small black hole creation
cause the risk of Bad Things happening.
In practice, we're less likely to see black hole computers
developed than Nanotech Grey Goo computers,
Does "LIGO" stand for "Light In, Garbage Out"?  :-)

@_date: 2001-03-31 14:36:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Face Recognition Technolgy Is Next - Big Brother Arrives 
Mask laws in the US, when they're not about bank robbers,
are generally targeted against the Klan.  The KKK occasionally
claims to have religious content - they're out burning crosses -
but that hasn't stopped enforcement that often.
Islam is highly varied - some of the Arab and Persian cultures
are heavily into veils for women, some aren't.  Not sure about Indian.
The Taliban have recently been requiring that men grow beards
(I'm not sure if they require long ones or if short is ok.)
Some of the Arab traditional headdress for men has the
relatively lightweight kaffiyehs, like Yassir Arafat wears,
while some go for heavier, more concealing coverage such as the
turban-like things the Tuareg and other deep-desert folks wear.
That doesn't have religious significance - it's about sunburn and
sand and wind and heat and cold, and immensely practical stuff
if you live in that climate, as well as culturally familiar,
just as cowboy hats and bandannas are sometimes practical
and sometimes just for style.
Many of the Sikh turbans cover the beard as well as the hair.
And Sikhs do get hassled at airports.
You can always go with Nun outfits.  It's easier to get away with
if you're female, but here in San Francisco that's certainly
not a requirement...
Sports events should give you lots of options.
Ski masks, football helmets, hockey goalie masks, green paint -
just make sure you're wearing a jersey for the right team :-)

@_date: 2001-03-31 14:42:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ecash tech layoffs 
At 10:00 PM 03/29/2001 -0800, Steve Schear wrote to cypherpunks:
Does that mean the price of the patents will be lower the next time
they get sold off?

@_date: 2001-03-31 17:33:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Louis Freeh and False Alarms [RISKS] 
Obviously this calls for wiretaps on Freeh's phones and email and
hidden cameras in his house to prevent future occurrences....
 From [risks] Risks Digest 21.28
FBI Director Louis J. Freeh said he and his wife had been baffled by a
series of false alarms from the security system in their Great Falls area
home. Fairfax County police responded each time, but no suspects had been
It seems that two of his six sons, then ages 5 and 4, had been amusing
themselves by making their 2-year-old brother run in circles in the basement
to set off the motion detector. "They would sit and watch for the police to
come," Freeh said.
[AW notes: no discussion of why the motion detector was on in the basement
while the children were home, nor why the police didn't adopt a "call before
responding" policy after some number of false alarms.]

@_date: 2001-03-31 18:18:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Screwing Jim Bell 5 
Generally Google only caches the text, not the pictures.
For example, if you look at the following page,
you'll see that the picture reference is which expands to   If you try to see if Google cached it anyway, by looking at
it's not there.

@_date: 2001-11-01 00:55:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Osama bin Laden as SF fan 
All your Berts are belong to us?
PROMIS from Inslaw?

@_date: 2001-11-02 21:29:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Using Thermite to Drop Suspension Bridges...and U.S. plans 
Which Gubmint? CA Gov. Gray Davis appears to have taken the FBI's warning
seriously enough to go out on a limb and announce that they'd
gotten a bit more specific than "Be Afraid, Be Very Afraid,
Terrorists are Hiding under the Bed and we WON'T TELL YOU WHICH BED
they're hiding under because that would give away our sources and methods!
But This Time it's Rilly Cred-a-Bull!"  And I think they were only
saying that because Jay Leno was giving them a hard time about
doing a second no-specifics-attached iteration of "Wolf! Wolf!"
and they were worried the sheeple might not fall for it.
Of course, that's entirely separate from the problem of whether
there *are* wolves, and whether they're more likely to
opportunistically take advantage of the current wave of terrorism
to do their own, or whether they're more likely to lie low because
there are too many cops running around who might catch them,
plus too many other people who might get credit for their work,
or whether some of the wolves work for or at least with the Feds.
I'd be surprised if you couldn't do the job with an
OKC-sized truck bomb - stop it at an appropriate point on the bridge,
have the engine compartment smokebomb go off to create plausible deniability,
hop into the car your co-conspirators are driving just in front of you,
and drive away.  If your smokebomb is good enough, and you do it during
low traffic, you might get off the bridge without getting caught.
The question is how much you trust your backup co-conspirator
who's sitting at the vista point with the radio transmitter....
If they're not keeping all trucks off of the bridges, they can't stop it.
The Feds have apparently decided that they should drop their policy of
helping the Peruvian Air Force shoot down suspected drug dealing planes,
like that US missionary and her baby they took out this spring
(shot them down and machine-gunned them as they swam out of the plane.)
Not because extra-judicial executions are wrong, of course,
or because shooting down civilian airplanes is terrorism,
but because their accuracy has been low enough to cause embarassment.

@_date: 2001-11-02 21:40:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Wed 7 Nov Stanford - Provos talks on Detecting Steganogaphic 
Niels Provos will be talking at Stanford on Wednesday,
just a few hours before the EFF BOF at the Linux shindig in Oakland.
Does anybody have a picture of a Peter Honeyman related shirt to
auction off on E-Bay with appropriate embedded content?  :-)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Fnord-content: low, with scattered Elvis later in the evening
          4:15PM, Wednesday, November 07, 2001
     NEC Auditorium, Gates Computer Science Building B03
Topic:		Detecting Steganographic Content on the Internet
Speaker:	Niels Provos
About the talk:
Steganography is used to hide the occurrence of communication.
Recent suggestions in US newspapers indicate that terrorists use
steganography to communicate in secret with their accomplices. In
particular, images on the Internet were mentioned as the
communication medium. While the newspaper articles sounded very
dire, none substantiated these rumors.
To determine whether there is steganographic content on the
Internet, this talk presents a detection framework that includes
tools to retrieve images from the world wide web and
automatically detect whether they might contain steganographic
content. To ascertain that hidden messages exist in images, the
detection framework includes a distributed computing framework
for launching dictionary attacks hosted on a cluster of loosely
coupled workstations. We have analyzed two million images
downloaded from eBay auctions but have not been able to find a
single hidden message.
[see the abstract at  for
a list of resouces and related news articles. -dra]
About the speaker:
Niels Provos is a Ph.D. candidate at the Center for Information
Technology Integration of the University of Michigan. His
research interests are focused around computer security.
Contact information:
Niels Provos
CITI, University of Michigan
535 W. William Street, 3rd floor
Ann Arbor, MI
GPS: 42.2775 N, 83.754167 W.
734 764 5207
provos at citi.umich.edu
Thanks to the Computer Forum for support.  The Computer Forum
is the industrial affiliate program for the Computer Science
Department and the Computer Systems Laboratory. Contact Suzanne
Bentley, bentley at cs.stanford.edu, if your company is interested
in participation.

@_date: 2001-11-04 00:24:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Metricom assets sold for $8.25 million 
By the time this article got forwarded to me,
the URL for the original article was gone, but the title's
pretty indicative :-)   has a "goodbye" page,
with pointers to the bankruptcy auction for interested bidders.
A google search reveals that back in September,
Metricom turned down Aerie's offer for $20M  (oops),
and also that Aerie had been planning to spend $3.5B
to build a 20000 mile fiber backbone for the ISP they wanted to be.
 >From: steve at strohpub.com ("Steve Stroh")
 >To: "Dewayne Hendricks"  >Subject: Metricom assets sold for $8.25 million
 >Date: Fri, 2 Nov 2001 14:36:19 -0800
 >MIME-Version: 1.0
 >
 >
 >Dewayne:
 >
 >What's not mentioned in this article:
 >* What Aerie bought was mostly intellectual property - the software and
 >designs for the radios, patents, etc.
 >* Unclear is if Aerie bought the existing inventory. Apparently there are
 >lots of radios already manufactured, but not deployed, sitting in storage.
 >* Metricom's WCS spectrum is not included in the sale to Aerie (apparently
 >the asset managers feel that it will fetch considerably as much as $50M -
 >sometime). Unlikely given AT&T Wireless Services' decision to junk their
 >Fixed Wireless System which will free up more WCS spectrum.
 >* None of the physical assets of the network are included in this sale,
 >including poletop radios, wired access points, network operation center,
 >etc. All of that was "abandoned in place" to free Metricom of the liability
 >of back rent, lease payments, and other liabilities.
 >* Rights Of Way were similarly abandoned...
 >
 >It'll be interesting to watch!
For archives see:

@_date: 2001-11-04 17:59:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Maine National Guard bars Green Party leader from flying 
It's one thing for a minimum wage ArentSoBright security guard
to be concerned about the people carrying scary computer parts.
(Hi, Dave!)  That's a problem, but it's a one-off.
This is something different - the Guardsman is sworn to uphold the
Constitution, yet he's violating someone's rights in what
appears to be a pre-planned retailiation for her political beliefs.
That's a one-strike firing offense, like a cop getting caught stealing.
The appropriate action is for the Guard's probably non-existent
equivalent of Police Department Internal Affairs to find out
who else was involved in this offense, and what level of pre-planning
really happened - was it truly a random thing?  If it was political,
that's also sufficiently illegal that the Uniform Code of Military
Justice requires soldiers to disobey, and failing to do so is another
one-strike-you're-out kind of thing.
Does the Guardsman only deserve firing, after an appropriate
court-martial, or does he also deserve civilian punishment?
The separate issue is the airline - the airline employee clearly
deserves a reprimand, and whoever told all the other airlines that
they don't want this Green Party person flying does as well.
They sold her a ticket, and violated their contract to carry her,
and the issue of whether it really was safety-related or whether
a really egregious breach of contract is a question for a court.

@_date: 2001-11-04 18:05:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Soldiers in airports screening-out political dissidents 
As a recent article on Posse Comitatus pointed out, P.C. is just a law,
not a Constitutional requirement, so it can be changed any time the
politicians feel like it, and since the War On Drugs militarization,
it's basically become a requirement that if the Law Enforcers want
military assistance, they have to fill out the right forms in triplicate,
but it's just a procedural separation, not a church-and-state kind of thing.
The correct punctuation is "What, were those congresscritters Gotta get those commas in the right place...

@_date: 2001-11-04 19:01:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_DRUDGE_REPORT_FLASH_2001=AE_-_New_Yorker_?= story false, says 
Drudge flashes about lots of things.  It's nice to get a bit of context
besides just the URL, Jim...
This is the Pentagon claiming that the story about Delta Force getting shot up
during a raid on Afghanistan is incorrect.
Seymour Hersh is a journalist who's annoyed the Pentagon for decades,
printing stories they don't want printed.
This one they're denying before it even hits paper...
Also, I don't see any evidence that he "strongly debunked" the story;
he flamed it aggressively, but to strongly debunk something
you need facts, not just assertions.  You also need to have read the
story you're debunking, which the spokescritter indicates he hasn't.
The phrase " My guess is and my belief is that" also makes it clear that
he doesn't know the facts of what happened, though he does indicate
that US forces had a helicopter accident and some parachute accidents,
and comes close to implying some problems with friendly fire,
because he'd rather admit that than admit that The Enemy shot US soldiers.
PENTAGON: NEW YORKER STORY FALSE, NO SERIOUS INJURIES DURING DELTA RAID
Sun Nov 04 2001 15:13:35 ET
Joint Chiefs of Staff General Richard Myers strongly debunked a story
filed by the NEW YORKER's Seymour Hersh [set for publication on Monday]
which claims U.S. Delta members were seriously injured during a raid on
Mullah Omar's complex in Afghanistan.

@_date: 2001-11-04 19:20:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A Deliberate Strategy of Disruption (washingtonpost.com) 
Very strange - the article headline and subtitle are seriously
at odds with the contents of the article.
Sounds like the headline editor has much different opinions than
Bob Woodward and the primary authors.
It's about the 1147 people detained in the anti-terror dragnet.
Only 185 of them have problems with their immigration papers.
The Washington Post identified 235 of them, and tried to figure out
what strategies the Feds are using to pick their targets.
The Feds, of course, assert that for except the people being held as
material witnesses, all of the detainees violated some law or other.
Evidence suggests otherwise, and most of them have not been charged
with any crime.
Lots of detail.

@_date: 2001-11-04 20:12:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: American Schools Need Flattening Too 
It's pretty clear that the school district is violating her
civil rights to freedom of expression and freedom of association,
and that the either judge and school board lawyer doesn't understand
either anarchy or anarchism or the Constitution, or that if they
do understand them they don't like them, though it's not clear
whether the kid understands anarchy or just likes black t-shirts and
dislikes war and has a problem with school district arbitrary censorship.
On the other hand, the idea that anarchists need an
officially-supported club at a government-run school is a bit silly -
she and her friends could just as well get together at the local
coffee shop, or the mall, or hang out by the Coke machine.
It's definitely nice to see parents sticking up for their kid.

@_date: 2001-11-07 01:41:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Mail filters in qmail? 
Declan suggests Procmail, if you want a powerful, flexible tool.
Alternatively, many mail reader programs include filtering capabilities.
mail readers also do.  So you're covered with Procmail on Unix,
and client programs on Windows and Macs.

@_date: 2001-11-07 10:54:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Plugging leaks 
Nah...  While Gray Davis may have some resemblence to soapy water,
Melon forgot to enable the Babelfish bureaucratese<->English translator.
The FBI spokesman actually said
"Wolf?  What wolf?  You believed that?  Hahahahahah!"

@_date: 2001-11-08 01:35:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: (Yet more) Not getting it: DoE removes nuke info (not) 
Aerial Photos of Indian Point Nuke Plant
Topographic Map

@_date: 2001-11-09 12:06:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks, November 10, 2001, San Francisco 
See for SF, Toronto, & Bangalore Cypherpunks announcements.
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks November 2001 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday 10 November 2001
TIME:   1-5 PM (Pacific Time)
LOCATION: San Francisco Foundation, 225 Bush St., 5th Floor
"Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
As usual, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited.
However, it's in an office building, so they'd appreciate if you
have a nom de plume to sign in with.
Any problems, call Bill Stewart at +1-415-307-7119.
Black Unicorn continues with Part II of his talk on the black market,
Len Sassaman will be talking about the Mixmaster email remailer tool -
Dave Del Torto will be presenting current work for the CryptoRights Foundation,
San Francisco Foundation at 225 Bush Street (5th Floor) in SF,
very close to the Sutter Stockton Garage and BART.
It's about a block and a half north of 1st & Market St.
 From Caltrain, most of the busses go up to 3rd & Market St.
and turn either right or left.
Map URL:

@_date: 2001-11-09 12:22:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Black Unicorn's talk at Saturday's meeting 
In Part One of "Squeezing the Jello" we covered the basics of the production
of Cocaine HCl. We touched on the economic incentives to produce cocaine,
down to the level of the peasant farmer. We also introduced some of the
major players in the Medellin and Cali Cartels based in Columbia, examined
their development into the "godfathers of cocaine" and discussed the
challenges they faced in producing a market and distribution network for
cocaine in the United States. We examined the evolution of the cocaine
market and the increasing challenges to the transportation and logistic
segments of international narcotics trafficking starting primarily in the
Reagan era. We discovered the first hints of the adaptive nature of cocaine
smuggling and the narcotics trafficking empires, now risen in power and
influence both in Latin America and in the United States. Finally, we
discussed the increasing technological and military involvement in the "war
on drugs" and the changes in the cocaine trade, including the fall of the
great cartels, that followed those developments. We ended with a
description of the status quo of the cocaine trade today.
In Part Two, we will review some of the things we learned in Part One. We
will examine the cocaine trade again with an emphasis on its economic
impacts and changes over the last three decades. We will go over the major
players in the trade and their eventual fates. We will transition to the
current state of affairs in the cocaine trade and draw some conclusions
about the effectiveness of enforcement efforts given the evolved and
advanced nature of the international narcotics trade. Finally, we will
examine in detail the fates of the large players in the trade, the missteps
they may have made and how the trade has evolved. The talk will end with
some predications about the direction of the cocaine trade, the prospects
for stopping the import of cocaine into the United States and the lessons we
might learn about underground economies from the more than three decades of
experience the international narcotics smuggling trade has given us.
Methods we might use to apply these lessons to cypherpunky projects will be
outlined and some related and future projects will be introduced to the
See you there.

@_date: 2001-11-10 00:55:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Security-by-credential or security-by-inspection 
They require the forger to have access to the format used
by the fingerprint storage system, not that that's _too_ hard.
They also require that a minimum-wage security guard
be able to do fingerprint matching, which says that the
system needs to be automated and somewhat error-tolerant.
Besides, run this sort of scam on the public for very long,
and you *will* have a database of fingerprints -
not hard to put on line.
The main thing it accomplishes is that it somewhat reduces theft
of ID cards, and forces people who lose their Internal Passport
to keep getting new ones with their own fingerprints
or use better fake documentation when they reapply.

@_date: 2001-11-13 01:22:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Sedition 
So the Boy Scout rifle range I went to as a kid would get busted
if they were doing the same in California today?
What a relief!  :-)

@_date: 2001-11-13 01:29:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: List still alive? 
> Messages came to a screeching halt on the 10th.
While I'm not seeing a huge amount of traffic, there are flame wars :-)
Probably too many people away for the weekend at the
Subversiveness Training Seminar In The Sierras,
or at the Cypherpunks Cocaine Importing Seminar in San Francisco,
or taking a break to write code, or generally
sleeping off a rainy weekend...

@_date: 2001-11-17 01:06:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: HOWTO Build a Nuclear Device 
Isn't a plowshare a bit more appropriate thing to beat it into?  :-)

@_date: 2001-11-18 23:52:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ralph Merkle on Radio - Art Bell, Tuesday Night/ Wed Morning 
Art Bell is having Ralph Merkle, Stanford PhD,
the co-inventor of public key cryptography as a guest,
Tuesday night/Wednesday morning.
The SF station that carries him is 560am.

@_date: 2001-11-19 22:31:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Nuclear Pipe Bombs 
The ban implicitly covers americium-based smoke detectors,
but fortunately when I lived in the East Bay I was a few blocks
out of Hayward city limits so I could use them,
as long as I drove the long way around when I bought more :-)

@_date: 2001-11-27 01:36:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cat Herding... (was Re: in praise of gold) 
More likely the "fare" was 1.10, but whatever :-)
There's a nice changemaking application for the Palm Pilot
that lets you input the amount of money you want to pay somebody
and the size of payment you can make, e.g. $1.10 and $5.
It splits a circle into appropriately sized pie slices,
you spin the dial, and either pay or don't pay.
Of course, getting a bus company to trust your Palm Pilot
not to be running a rigged version may be tougher
than getting your mathematically inclined friends to accept it :-)

@_date: 2001-11-28 02:25:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Drivers License as ID Card 
Congressional approval for this sort of thing is about like the
proverbial ham sandwich that prosecutors can get grand juries to indict.
It wouldn't be a problem in itself, but Congress can delegate
much of it to the bureaucratic\\\\\\\\\\\executive branch.
Furthermore, while states probably couldn't make the kind of
agreement that would give one state Constititional standing
to sue the other for non-performance of the agreement
without a bit of help from Congress, they can certainly have their
bureaucrats go discuss common standards without getting busted for
anti-trust violations.

@_date: 2001-11-28 08:23:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: cypherpunks@lne.com down - bouncing mail since 11/27  
Mail to cypherpunks at lne.com appears to be bouncing since sometime yesterday.

@_date: 2001-10-01 01:02:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Larry Ellison wants National ID Card database 
Somebody on the list, promoting a total boycott of Oracle,
quoted Larry Ellison as saying:
We need a database that knows,
when you walk into an airport and say you're Larry Ellison,
whether to take the big orange boot off your private jet's wheels that's
there because you keep violating the quiet-hour curfew at San Jose airport
And it needs to do this at every airport in the country so that,
if your flight plan gets you into San Jose too late at night,
they won't let you take off, even if you have caught up on your fines.

@_date: 2001-10-02 13:09:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Congress drafts new "anti-terror" bill -- with expiration 
It's nice that the proposal has a sunset clause in it,
to limit the amount of time that we're subject to the
various good or bad half-baked suggestions and the various
agencies' requests for powers they've always wanted.
Expect that the worst parts will get extended indefinitely over the years :-)

@_date: 2001-10-03 02:35:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: cryptome down ? 
Another useful stopgap is the dynamic DNS providers,
such as dyndns.org, which give you a third-level domain
and convenient tools for updating your information.
They're oriented towards the dial/dsl/cablemodem users
who want to run web sites and other servers from
machines that have dynamic IP addresses -
your machine keeps them updated with your current address,
so people who connect to yourmachine.theirservice.net
get to wherever you are now.

@_date: 2001-10-03 03:06:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: cryptome down ? 
Domain names are supposed to have at least one primary DNS server
and at least one secondary DNS server, and some names
will arrange to have more than one secondary.
It wouldn't be at all surprising if Verio uses
one server as the primary for both names and one as the secondary for both.
It's probably worthwhile for you to arrange another secondary -
there are crypto-friendly sites that will probably be happy to do so
(e.g. toad.com, havenco.com, thebunker.net, etc.)

@_date: 2001-10-03 10:28:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: USG muscles Arab TV stations to present its view 
I'm offline, so I haven't read the full article, but
Al-Jazeera news service was one of the users of the
Infocom Corporation, web site in Texas that the Fedz shut down September 5.
At 11:46 PM 09/06/2001 -0500, Jim Choate wrote to the Cypherpunks list
 > It's an outrageous story.
 - 9/5/01
 - 9/6/01
Infocom Corporation, is a web hosting and computer sales company based in Richardson, Texas,
supporting over 500 clients, particularly Arabic web sites,
which were shut down temporarily during the raid (many are back up now).
Clients include Al-Jazeera television and the newspaper Al-Sharq, both based in Qatar, and
several major Muslim American organizations such as the
Council on American Islamic Relations, the Islamic Society of North America,
the Islamic Association for Palestine and the Holy Land Foundation.

@_date: 2001-10-03 10:31:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: and now for something completely different... 
This wasn't so much a change in bin Laden's character,
but a change in targets.  Or, as John Walker's bumper sticker puts it
         "Evil Empires - One Down, One To Go"

@_date: 2001-10-03 18:35:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Security Measures 
Are rain dances still legal?
Or only in the dry season?

@_date: 2001-10-03 19:03:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FC: Responses to ICANN preserving Net-stability against 
Yes, but he's got the "Hey, how did somebody from the *public* get
one of the public slots on the board of directors?!?!?" seat
on the board, and the cabal is trying to prevent anybody like
that from actually happening again :-)
The current Capability-based operating system project is
EROS, the Extremely Reliable Operating System, (I think it's .org.  You can't just look for  for obvious I know it was active a year ago; not sure what they've done lately,
but the last I heard, their ringleader was at a university professorship,
so there may be grad students developing it some more,
and they were looking at making it microkernel-based.
One of the other well-known capability-based systems was KeyKOS;
some of the main folks from that are at Agorics.com.
There are three or four main kinds of attacks/failures for the domain system -
- Failures/Attacks on the servers themselves
- Attacks on the data transmission - various technical attacks such as
         spoofing DNS requests, adding extra records to responses, etc.
         DNSSEC and similar kinds of authentication are important for preventing these.
- Attacks on the data, e.g. forged change requests - that's another very strong
         reason for authentication technology, whether it's PGP or dumb - Social engineering attacks on the system, such as UDRP abuse by trademark          trying to reverse-cybersquat, as well as cybersquatting abuses,
         and delaying the extra TLDs.
James Love  suggests:
Depends on what you think their original mission was :-)
If your initial goal is World Domination, mission creep's no problem...
I've been especially concerned with their grab of the IPv6 numberspace
and the price-fixing that's prevented almost anyone from buying it.
There was a while that MAE-East was in a parking garage in Maryland,
with not much more than chain-link fence for protection.

@_date: 2001-10-04 00:46:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Nifty secret bank system 
This system accomplishes two main things - moving money securely,
and working around government interference with money transfers,
particularly India's restrictions on their non-convertible rupee.
It's approximately the same system that the Italians ran
so successfully during the Middle Ages - have offices in
multiple cities in Italy and Spain, and there's enough traffic
in different directions that the deposits and withdrawals
in each city are mostly balanced, so the risky and expensive
job of shipping gold and silver between cities only needs to be done
on the net differences, not on the much larger gross,
and depending on the level of trust between the different parties,
you can float for quite a while and more easily absorb the
occasional loss to pirates or shipwreck.
This market's a bit more directional, perhaps, but it's dealing
with cultures that have been doing lots of trading for millenia,
and understand the value of repeat business, so it can adapt to
the current needs, and adjusts prices to reflect the costs of
moving the net transfers and the current risk value of trust.

@_date: 2001-10-04 01:05:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: America needs an enema... 
Welcome back!  Is your password still "No"? :-)
No worries on the "abusive" part ....
As far as anarchy and government go, the US has had Neutrality Laws
in place since somewhere around the 20s or 30s to keep us from
getting into another War To End All Wars, and they also
cover individuals as well - Americans aren't allowed to go
make war on people without their government's permission.*
If those laws aren't repealed in the next couple of weeks,
we'll see how many of the patriot-militia types break them
and go shoot up a bunch of the wrong Afghans...
[* I don't remember if they applied to individuals at the time
of the Spanish Civil War, but they have since then.]

@_date: 2001-10-04 09:57:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ZKS Shutdown 
It's on Slashdot.
 - shutdown warning
 - warning that
         with fewer servers, your anonymity is less protected
         from traffic analysis
 - discussion

@_date: 2001-10-05 10:42:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Martyrdom Videogame 
Just another example of the trend that you
don't need to be religious to exercise religious bigotry.
Hating other people and insulting their values
doesn't require either understanding them
or having values of your own.
It's frustrating how rabidly intolerant a lot of
ostensibly socially liberal people are.

@_date: 2001-10-05 21:14:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could do 
There was a recent article on Posse Comitatus by some military lawyer
that was mentioned on some list in the last month.
IANAJAG, so I don't know how valid it is, but he asserts, probably correctly, that:
1) Posse Comitatus is just a *law*, not a Constitutional clause,
         not a court decision - Congress made it, so they can change it,
         any time 51% of them think it's a politically useful thing to do,
         as long as they can talk the President into it,
         and most Presidents aren't all that averse to being given more power.
2) In practice, Posse Comitatus has evolved into a procedural issue,
         not a separation-of-powers issue - the military can't be used
         for domestic law enforcement, at all, for any reason, ever,
         unless they're asked properly on the approriate 3-part-carbon form,
         with the blanks filled in neatly and a signature at the bottom,
         in which case it's just fine if the military brass agree.
         The War On Politically Incorrect Drugs has a lot to do with this,
         but it's been happening anyway.
3) P.C. isn't even an ancient law - it evolved after the War Between The States
         (you could look up the date, I think 1870s).
         So it didn't apply to Northern Aggression, whether you accept the
         Nationalist-Manifest-Destiny position that the Southerners
         were a bunch of rebels who should be stomped down to protect unity,
         which wasn't bothered by legal niceties that weren't written yet,
         or the pro-independence position that free people don't need to rebel,
         they can simply secede, in which case the Confederacy was a foreign
         country that the Union Army was invading, and P.C. wouldn't have          even if it had been written by then.
Back in the 60s, during the race riots, it was pretty common to have
National Guard troops on the streetcorners to intimidate blacks.
Even in Wilmington, Delaware.  Sometimes they were also used on
student protestors.  Not the kind of thing you'd expect in a free country,
but this was America.

@_date: 2001-10-06 14:22:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Satellite of love 
The NRO's web page "How to Contact Us" information doesn't say
         "Put a big sign on your roof and we'll call you."
but it does have pointers to CIA recruiting information.
 - kids! Build your own satellite!
 - pics of a spy satellite
NIMA has cut back on what pictures they'll distribute,
according to John Young, but there's still some good stuff there.
 - lots of GPS-related material.
 - anguilla ICBM addresses.
Vince Cate:
1       -1393191        -2000673        18.2166667      -63.05  181300 -630300 20QMF9471314158 MF91    NE20-06 P       PPLC            AV      0                               N                      THEVALLEY       The Valley      The Valley
 - Afghanistan
 - GPS Technology.
Amazing - they used to talk about 1 meter resolution....
More than 10% fail on launch - I'll be happy to let them stay unmanned...
Reminds me of the scene in "The Right Stuff" where the astronaut
is talking about how he's about to get thrown into space
by a rocket built by the lowest bidder.

@_date: 2001-10-07 22:17:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Let's Attack The Irish White Christian Terroroists... 
Yes, but they don't do that when they're bombing pubs or department stores.
Bobby Sands's suicide for his cause didn't kill other people,
but that doesn't mean the IRA as a whole aren't murderers and thugs
(nor does it mean the British overlords or the
more extreme Protestant groups aren't murderers or thugs either.)
On the other hand, US tobacco merchants, who kill about 7000 Americans per plus some harder-to-estimate number of people in other countries,
have been putting warnings on their products for 35 years,
and lots of people still don't get out of the way in time.
(Plus the US government has not only subsidized growers over the years,
they've actively subsidized tobacco export marketing.)

@_date: 2001-10-08 08:56:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
More to the point, most spiders don't cache images, only text,
so much of the interesting content isn't cached.
I'm not sure how many of them cache PDFs; some of those are
searchable and indexable, while some are just bitmaps.
On the other hand, the Feds generally don't have as much
fancy-graphics-design-for-inaccessibility, so more of their text
may be cacheable than typical business sites.
Shutting down web sites with data that terrorists could use
has been going on for a few years - apparently many of the
haz-mat sites are no longer accessible to the public,
including one of the Bay Area sites that shut down a few weeks
before we had a major refinery fire.  Yes, there are potential
threats to public safety if terrorists can use this data,
but there are more serious threats if the public can't use it
to determine what's near them, and far more serious threats
if fire departments can't access the data conveniently.

@_date: 2001-10-08 21:59:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: AGAINST ID CARDS 
It's a really, *really* bad idea.
It's politically much easier to successfully oppose an obviously bad thing,
like National ID cards and other internal pass laws,
than to successfully oppose incremental changes in existing systems.
And forcing states to use uniform practices means that you
can't find a place to have a driver's license merely
indicate your driving skills, as opposed to hundreds of other uses.
For instance, collecting SSNs for driver's licenses,
which makes it possible to correlate drivers databases with
most other databases in the country, was done back in the 80s,
and in many states the SSN is printed on the DL or IS the DL number.
(The Federal Privacy Act had little effect on this process -
it's just a law, so future laws can easily change it, and did so.)
Another big change in DL policies was the requirement for
citizenship papers to get permission to drive.
Here in California that was largely done to prevent the
clear and present danger of people speaking Spanish while driving,
and many other states have jumped on the harassing-immigrants bandwagon.
Since many jobs need driver's licences (or at least transportation),
immigrants now have a major financial incentive to get them,
so the price and supply of corruption in motor vehicle departments
has gone up substantially.  Before this, the main people who needed
high-quality driver's licenses were convicted bad drivers
who were trying to dodge the system, and that was easier to stop.
(There was also a demand for fake ID for underage drinkers,
but low-quality fakes are fine for that, and they don't need to be
Driver's licenses have increasingly become tools of social control -
the common excuse is "deadbeat dads", and in many states
conviction for drug possession offenses also gets them suspended.
Until 9/11, you could still routinely travel without government ID,
though many airlines have a policy of training their people to lie
about "no, that's always been the policy".
ACLU Cards with pictures would have helped that - don't leave home
without one - but I doubt we'll have that freedom again for a while.
New Jersey, BTW, encodes lots of information in the DL number -
the S8235 at the beginning of mine was a Soundex for "Stewart",
the 5 digits at the end encoded birthdate and I think
race or eye color, and some of the middle six digits may have also
encoded that, though some were just serial numbers.
It provides some security against licenses forged by
people who don't know the rules.
         [They're also listed in plaintext.  The forms let you
         update your address, but not most of the personal data,
         so my weight still shows what I weighed when I was 22.]
As long as there's a driver's license number printed on the card,
it's a unique ID for database lookups attached to your name.
If the other certifications are encrypted, that means that
*you* don't know what they say, but cops who run the card
through a computer lookup will - and cops will *have* to
run the card through a computer lookup to use them,
whereas now they can just look at them if they want.
If you could get a card that just had your picture and the
certifications, and not your name or address,
that might be an improvement, but it ain't gonna happen.
And meanwhile, in many states you've got some flexibility about
whether the license lists the address where you get snailmail
or the address where you sleep or the address where you own land.
Expect any uniform standards to erase that.
What can the ability to do database lookups do?
Well, if the signatures indicate that you're black,
or a Registered Republican Voter, or a Welfare Recipient,
or a Registered Drug Offender, it's much easier for
anybody who wants to target you do do so.
If the databases are only accessible to authorized users,
that increases the demand for bribable authorized users,
especially if the expanded set of uses expands the set of
authorized users.  It's possible to keep the different sets
of information separate, if there's the technical skill
and political will to do so, but there's little enough of the former
and none of the latter among the kinds of people who'd
make the requirements for that kind of system.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2001-10-08 22:05:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Risks of bogus e-mail addresses "FROM: ObL": Risks Digest 
Actually, the press article describes the message as an "SMS",
which is a GSM Short Message Service cell-phone text message,
rather than an email.  This implies that the Belgian police
are either routinely eavesdropping on GSM text messages,
or else some intelligence service is doing so and asked them
to do the local legwork.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, October 08, 2001 3:50 PM
 >Date: Wed, 3 Oct 2001 14:11:16 -0400
 >From: pcw at flyzone.com (Peter Wayner)
 >Subject: Risks of bogus e-mail addresses "FROM: ObL"
 >
 >Sincerely yours, *Not* Osama bin Laden?
 >
 >A Filipino in Belgium ended up in jail after *receiving* a joke e-mail
 >seemingly from Osama bin Laden (but apparently from one of his friends),
 >asking to "stay with you for a couple of days."  The man was freed only
 >after a Catholic priest vouched for him as a regular attendee each Sunday.
 >[
 >
 >   Ah, there's nothing like putting faith in identity, keyword scanning
 >   surveillance, and data stored in computers.

@_date: 2001-10-14 02:27:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Annual Linux Showcase Nov 8-10 Oakland Marriott 
Free registration until 10/15 for exhibits - the whole show is Nov 5-10,
with exhibits on Nov 8-10.  It's related to Usenix.

@_date: 2001-10-16 12:15:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: .mil censor$ commerc. satellite imagery 
That was interesting.  Today's SF Chronicle also has another article
on satellites, mainly focusing on the technology,
which is a lot better than during the First Gulf War.
Much of the content comes from GlobalSecurity.org,
a non-profit space and defense analysis center,
and there are also pointers to SpaceImaging.com.
Resolutions are better, and battlefield commanders can get color pictures,
weather images, infrared coverage which is good for checking bomb damage,
radar images, and faster responses for everything.
The article talks about 1-foot resolution; some other articles have
said there's technology as good as 10cm, though that's
mainly for narrow-focus pictures, not wide-area.
By contrast, First Gulf War images were mainly 10meter.
French Spot satellites have 1-meter resolution,
and Ikonos was at least that good before the military did the
exclusivity deal.   A new commercial satellite called
Quickbird is being launched later this week by DigitalGlobe Corp.
It should do 2 feet for black&white and eight feet for color and infrared.
One of the Internet map sites, I think Mapquest, also has
aerial photos for many US areas.  I'm not sure if they're satellite
or if they're airplane-based.  It's good enough to clearly make out
my condo complex, including the pool, and the image shows a
purple blob on the street that may be my car.  Amazing stuff, and free,
though it doesn't cover the whole US.

@_date: 2001-10-17 09:24:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [NEWS] FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems (fwd) 
David Lesher  sent the following to CYBERIA-L at LISTSERV.AOL.COM
National Journal's Technology Daily
PM Edition
October 16, 2001
HEADLINE: PRIVACY: FBI To Require ISPs To Reconfigure E-mail Systems
PHOENIX -- The FBI is in the process of finalizing technical
guidelines that would require all Internet service providers (ISPS) to
reconfigure their e-mail systems so they could be more easily
accessible to law enforcers. The move, to be completed over the next
two months, would cause ISPs to act as phone companies do to comply
with a 1994 digital-wiretapping law. "They are in the process of
developing a very detailed set of standards for how to make packet
data" available to the FBI, said Stewart Baker, an attorney at Steptoe
& Johnson who was formerly the chief counsel to the National Security
Agency (NSA).
The proposal is not a part of the anti-terrorism legislation currently
before Congress because the agency is expected to argue that the
Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (CALEA) already
grants it the authority to impose the requirement, Baker said. He
added that some ISPs already meet the requirements.
Baker, who frequently represents Internet companies being asked to
conduct electronic surveillance for the FBI, made the revelation
Tuesday in a panel discussion at the Agenda 2002 conference here on
how the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks are likely to affect the technology
industry and civil liberties. He elaborated on the plan in an
Such a stance could result in considerable cost to many ISPs, and it
would constitute a reversal of previous government policy, which held
that ISPs are not subject to CALEA's requirements. But Baker also said
"it has been a long-term goal of the FBI and is not just a reaction to
Sept. 11."
Mitchell Kapor, chairman of the Open Source Application Foundation and
a founder of Lotus Development, also spoke on the panel. Kapor also
started the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) and has been a vocal
advocate of Internet privacy. EFF played a significant role in the
CALEA debate, and divisions over whether to support that law led to a
split of the organization.
"Under the cover of people's outrage [over the terrorist attacks] and
desire for revenge, lots of things that have been defeated before have
been brought back in [to the anti-terrorism legislation] without a
demonstration that the lack of appropriate law is a problem," Kapor
said in an interview. But on the whole, Kapor and Baker shared more
common ground on the acceptability of new electronic surveillance than
they had in the past, with both expressing the view that now is a time
for calm reconsideration of positions rather than butting horns over
the details of how civil liberties would be curtailed by an
anti-terrorism bill.
"I find myself more in the middle than I used to because my identity
in life is not as a civil liberties advocate," Kapor said. "Part is
being an American and a world citizen." Baker said it was entirely
appropriate for the FBI to conduct far more surveillance.
"What has changed [since Sept. 11] is the view of the technology
community," Baker said. "I used to get calls like, 'How can I beat the
NSA?'" said Baker. "Now, people call and say, 'I have this great idea
that would help NSA,' or, 'I want to go volunteer and do outreach on
behalf of the FBI or NSA.' There is a real change of people's view
about who the bad guys are."
A host is a host from coast to coast.................wb8foz at nrk.com
& no one will talk to a host that's close........[v].(301) 56-LINUX
Unless the host (that isn't close).........................pob 1433
is busy, hung or dead....................................20915-1433
For Listserv Instructions, see Off-Topic threads: Need more help? Send mail to: Cyberia-L-Request at listserv.aol.com

@_date: 2001-10-18 17:52:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Expert" fooled by Bert Stego 
You're missing the fundamentals of conspiracy here -
the secret steganographically-hidden message in the Osama & Bert poster
*is* the picture of Bert :-)
But what does it *mean*?  Is it just to distract you from the fnords?
Osama doesn't use Occam's razor, after all.
Is it the basic principle that the reason you don't understand why
they've hidden Bert's picture in the picture of Bert
is that *that just shows how clever they are*?
Or is it something more subtle, more dangerous,
a denial of service attack cleverly designed to keep the experts
distracted by analyzing this South-West-Asian version of a koan,
looking beyond the picture of one puppet clapping to find the
invisible hand hidden inside, trying to see the fingerprints through
the cloth instead of looking around them at what's really happening
behind their backs.
Wheels within wheels, man.
By the way, there was iocaine powder in both glasses.

@_date: 2001-10-19 10:26:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FBI grammar (was Re: FBI utilizing supermarket club cards 
More to the point, English grammar also has a thing about
evolution, flexibility, and development and acquisition of new words,
so the mere fact that "data" was a plural noun when we first stole it,
or alternatively a collective noun, doesn't mean that that's
what we did with it when we were done adopting it into common usage.
Besides, the FBI ought to be bashed for what they *said*,
not just the inarticulateness with which you believe they said it.
English and American languages do have a lot of fundamental structure,
including a variety of competing structures,
but they're fundamentally usage-based, not centrally-controlled like French.
(And at that, French central control of language was merely a successful imposition of Parisian culture and language on the rest of the country,
intended to stomp out resistance from Provencal, Breton, and other
regional languages and dialects, during the periods when various
kings and dictators and emperors were imposing their control on the
economics and politics of the region.  .)

@_date: 2001-10-20 13:44:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: http://www.cnn.com/2001/HEALTH/conditions/10/20/anthrax/ 
Does that mean they're switching over to actual milk or cream for coffee?
At least there's some good coming out of this :-)

@_date: 2001-10-20 14:15:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Another precious moment from shrub... 
If this is the Soviet sponsored tyranny that replaced 40 years of
"He may be an SOB, but he's OUR SOB" brutal dictatorship,
it's Nicaragua.
And the US government spent $9/voter (or maybe vote, I don't remember which)
on campaign funding for the election where Chamorro beat Ortega -
that's far beyond the amounts spent in normal US elections -
plus they'd funded military resistance and civil war against the
Sandinistas, so the economy was seriously damaged not only by
Marxist stupidity and traditional cronyism and corruption,
which would have done a number on it all by themselves,
but by the need to spend large amounts on the military,
the destruction caused by both sides of the conflict,
and the diversion of otherwise-productive people into war,
and of course by the serious limitations on international trade
caused by the US military mining their harbors.

@_date: 2001-10-21 23:30:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: And another one bites the dust, another one down, another  
Depends a lot on which strain it is - some varieties of anthrax are
treatable by penicillin and some other common antibiotics,
while others are resistent and need Cipro.
Unfortunately, telling them apart takes a couple of days of culturing,
during which time your patient dies if you guessed wrong,
but apparently the penicillins do a much better job when they work
without being anywhere near as nasty for the patient.

@_date: 2001-10-21 23:34:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Is FBI's Robert Blitzer related to Wolf Blitzer? 
The London Times article on FBI torture referred to
"Robert Blitzer, a former head of the FBIs counter-terrorism section".
Does anybody know if he's related to journalist Wolf Blitzer?

@_date: 2001-10-22 19:05:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Conman, quantum entaglement and no cat 
Now, if Penn and Teller had done the same thing, they'd say
"Of course it's a trick!  We fooled you guys,
and you couldn't catch how we did it!
People only use 10% of our brain capacity,
but we're using 15% of ours and you're using 5% of yours,
so tricking you is *easy*!  And we can do it again,
with Teller hanging upside down in a straightjacket
over a bed of nails!"
Occasionally you can see how they do their tricks,
usually in the "Mofo the Psychic Gorilla" schtick,
but that's because while you're catching them doing one trick,
they're actually setting up another one.  Mofo knows.....
BTW, Penn did a nice anti-Clipper rant in his computer column
about N years ago.

@_date: 2001-10-22 19:54:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
My brother was a Teamster once, when he had a job in a warehouse.
He decided that if he was going to have to pay union dues,
he was going to work towards making the union local have some
actual control over where the political-contribution part of the dues went
instead of letting the Teamsters national bosses control it.
(Do not taunt Happy Fun Teamster!  He had a good time messing with them...)
I'm strongly opposed to laws requiring companies to deal with unions,
but also to right-to-work laws that forbid companies from doing
exclusive deals with unions, except insofar as they're counteracting
federal mandatory-union laws.  After growing up watching Philadelphia TV,
it took me a long time to be willing to view unions as anything other
than the violent thugs who kept burning down construction sites
and beating non-union workers and excluding incorrect racial groups
and helping Mafiosi shake down businesses, though some of the businesses
also helped Mafiosi shake down unions and hired their own goons
(both blue-suited and free-market) to beat up union members as well -
government and Pinkerton thugs have been just as violent and murderous,
particularly in the coal mine strikes and northwestern lumber strikes,
and the government has occasionally provided National Guard strikebreakers
to do scab labor as well as to beat up strikers, which is
inappropriate in a free market.
Politics aside, though, I've dealt with construction unions and
communications workers unions, and
sometimes unions have been able to provide good service both for
their members and for companies that hire them -
you can go to the appropriate union hall and get well-trained workers
to do the projects you need, and they provide workers with a certain
amount of mutual insurance, often including medical and pension benefits.
It's not that much different than what many of the Silicon Valley
technical body-shops provide, except that the internal dispute-resolution
methods are much more strictly seniority-based than competence-based,
and it's more collectivist than individualist, but that's not as
inappropriate as you'd think for industrial-age businesses that
need large groups of workers for mass-production work rather than
individual artisans.
Business hiring is a process of negotiation in a market,
in which all sides are trying to maximize their return,
just as buying and selling are.
Capitalists are out to make money, and so are workers,
and if forming a union is an effective negotiating tool
for the workers to get more of the pie than they'd get individually,
then I wish them good luck, just as if forming partnerships
or other kinds of business alliances are an effective business tool
for business owners, I wish them good luck too -
as long as they stick to moral methods, rather than
threatening violence against strikebreakers or strikers
or hiring politicians to give them an unfair advantage.
Employee Stock Ownership Plans have also been an effective method
of aligning the interests of unions and companies -
they tend to encourage cooperation by leading both sides to
recognize their mutual intersts.  Of course, when you start
giving workers stock, and telling them they're "empowered",
you find they not only care about the company's success,
they really lose patience for upper-management cluelessness,
and in a unionized company, sometimes this is more visible to
clueless upper managers than in a non-unionized company
where the pointy-haired ones can ignore their "empowered" workers.
Collectivist anti-management rhetoric, greedy union bosses,
and various other cluelessness and abuses by unions sometimes
cause employers to go broke or generally keep the pie smaller
than if they were willing to share the wealth and do the
win-win strategy of growing their market or at least their market share,
and eventually Darwin will get those people; same holds true for
greedy, stupid, and short-sighted business-owners or managers.
Unfortunately, this often turns into a lose-lose situation,
especially when organizational conflict causes a business to be
too inflexible to adapt to changing market conditions.
Back when part of the company I was in had some threat of becoming
unionized, some of my co-workers joked about how we ought to
respond by forming a Wobbly local, and run it against the CWA/IBEW/etc.
The IWW may have a bunch of economically clueless class-warfare rhetoric
about the worker class never having common interests with the boss class,
but they can be pretty individualist and they certainly don't
put up with greedy union bosses trying to push them around.
(One guy from another union referred to them as the "I Won't Work" society.)
They do have an unfortunate history of violence as well,
but hey, if we've got to be part of One Big Union,
might as well have it be One Big Highly Disorganized Union,
and it seems to really torque off the Teamsters.

@_date: 2001-10-23 01:13:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Netscape Out! 
6.0 ranged from bad, if you had enough RAM, to mind-bogglingly amazingly bad
if you ran on Win98 with 24MB RAM.  It was way beyond atrocious -
just trying to load the startup page (set to "about://") took
tens of minutes of little pieces dribbling onto the screen.
6.1, on the other hand, seems to work tolerably well,
at least on my 64MB RAM machine.
I normally use Mozilla (though I'm finding that 0.9.5 crashes a bit more than 0.9.4.)
The one main gripe I've had about Mozilla has been that a number of
plug-ins either don't work at all or have installers that get confused
if your machine has both a Netscape 6.x and a Mozilla on it,
and tends not to install itself where the Mozilla can find it.
I use IE for pages that have too much broken Javascript to survive on Mozilla,
or for pages that have plugins that my Mozilla doesn't support.

@_date: 2001-10-23 01:18:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
Yee-hah!  I'm glad that finally got worked out!
Well, anywhere the phone jacks and dialing standards are compatible.
You probably want to stop at Fry's or some overpriced airport shop
and get a collection of different shaped phone jacks and alligator clips,
if you're taking them to places with Funky Phone Standards.
Depends on whether the fire sale includes intellectual property
or just parts.   That's certainly a call for companies in this line of work
to (preferably) do a "read-only open source" if they're not doing real or at minimum do a source code / design escrow.
At the time they started, AES wasn't finalized.
The main negatives about 3DES are that it's slow and ugly,
plus it takes a bit too much code space and needs 168bits of key,
but it's incredibly thoroughly studied and everybody trusts it.
And 2048-bit Diffie-Hellman provides plenty of key bits,
and when you're doing voice at 4800-24000kbps ( = 600-3000 Bytes/sec),
the encryption isn't your big horsepower consumer,
compared to the voice compression, and even if you do compression in ASICs,
you still need to keep enough CPU around to do the Diffie-Hellman in
reasonable amounts of time and handle connection handshaking,
so 3DES isn't any big strain.

@_date: 2001-10-23 09:07:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: openbsd encrypted fs 
I don't have a BSD system around to check -
what does this approach do?
Is Dr. Evil's concern with loopback just the speed?
(Plus the ugly minimal user interface, which is a job for a script.)
Machines are enough faster these days that I'd think the
only places that's a big hit, other than database apps,
are swap space, and you can mostly fix that by buying enough RAM.
If you've got applications that insist on putting data in /etc or /var,
or for log files in general, you have to be careful about the order the
system starts in.  And if you're worried about people seeing your config files
that might show who you communicate with, you could go paranoid about this.
IPSEC secrets may be a concern, if stealing/cloning the disk lets someone
forge your identity.
Laptop theft belongs in *most* security models.

@_date: 2001-10-23 09:31:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: USPS:  glowing by leaps and bounds 
Adds new meaning to a "glowing letter of recommendation" :-)
This isn't the kind of thing you back off on, once you've started,
because the potential threat of muckers out there doesn't decrease over time,
thought the number of wannabees and copycats may be temporarily high.
The real question is how much does the government want to either
scare us about the threats or reassure us about how well
they're protecting us, or both - given that they've been waving the
anthrax flag for four or five years now, I'd expect this is long term.
Magnetic media shouldn't be bothered - you need to be careful around
X-ray machines, but that's because of electromagnets, not radiation.
Unexposed photographic film could have a real problem with this,
depending on quite what they're using.
I'd worry more about medicines and other biologicals and foods -
obviously you're not going to ship a live-culture vaccine through this...

@_date: 2001-10-24 13:39:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Is there a subway in DC? 
The DC Metro is one of the nicer subways systems in the country.
And for both NYC and DC, the subway definitely beats most other
transportation methods - neither city could support even the
parking needs for their residents or workers if everyone drove,
and busses aren't managed in a way that they could replace subways,
particularly because even with many more of them,
they'd be stuck in traffic that the subways can avoid.
Besides, especially in NYC, there are so many interesting people
that you encounter on the subways :-)

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:35:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
Analog shouldn't really be cheaper than digital these days.
A digital cellphone with roughly the same parts costs ~$100,
and includes radio parts as well.
The big costs of a device like this are
- amortizing development costs
- packaging for smallness and cuteness
- designing for low power use.
A sound card costs $5, a modem costs $10, a PC104 card is $$25-50;
you should be able to integrate them on a board for a similar cost,
as long as you don't mind a somewhat slow public-key step
(or paying to license elliptic-curve algorithms),
and if you don't mind the power and space from general-purpose designs,
i.e. a simple, ugly, AC-powered board like the
never-finished "Harmless Little Project".
Real designs would eliminate most of the inter-card glue,
and cut down on unused interfaces, and eventually put stuff in ASICs.
But you have to run enough volume to amortize the development costs.
If you want to do off-the-shelf today, probably the easiest choice
is to start with a Compaq iPaq - they're about $500, and burn batteries
too fast to be really ideal, but they're fast enough (unlike Palm)
and include audio hardware (don't know if it's full-duplex),
and you can hang modems on them.
Some of the scrambler descriptions sounded like they were digital,
not analog, but still had wimpy homemade crypto.
My memories of the device that used Bell Labs crypto algorithms
are that it was *probably* the "commercial-sale-approved weak crypto"
version of the STU-III that we did back in the late 80s,
and if so it's weaker than DES, but I haven't actually seen it.
(We did multiple versions on that platform - the STU-III used
NSA-supplied crypto chips, the Federal-Unclassified-Use version
used single-DES, and I don't remember if the commercial one was
exportable or not.)

@_date: 2001-10-25 17:41:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Dilbert Random Number Generator 
Dilbert's been visiting the Trolls In Accounting,
who have been spitting all over his data.
Now he's on a tour, and the troll is showing him their random number generator.

@_date: 2001-10-26 19:08:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Democratic critters' biochemwomdterror plans 
That's a bizarre enough title all by itself.
Of course, the Gepper isn't the Democratic Party Fearless Leader,
though he is the leader of the Congresscritters of the
Democratic Party.
So are they in favor of it, or against it?
These titles keep sounding more and more like the Committee for State Security
or the Committee for Public Safety.

@_date: 2001-10-26 19:51:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: a question 
One of the fun things about the internet is that
you can't just put things behind you -
information is never forgotten unless it's useful.
There are flames I wrote on Usenet back in the early 80s archived;
if only it were as easy to find the useful stuff.
As the song says, "C'mon Joe, you can always change your name".
If you did know, you'd have written to the people who run the
archives, not the people on the mailing list you once spammed,
not that either will erase it.  And there's more than one archive.
Looks like the Mitch's original "remove-me" request didn't make it to the lne.com list,
but it's in the inet-one archives.   Tim's reply included the spam.
The address of Mitch Shoemaker, the spammer, looks very much like
the address of
SHOEMAKER'S AUTO BODY  82  Iron St Rear N  Bloomsburg PA 17815 (717) 784-3585
which probably explains why none of the four listings in Anywho
have the same address as Mitch the spammer.
Shoemaker, Angie  90 Alexis Dr  BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815  570-389-1834
Shoemaker, Charles E  345 E 8 St  BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815  570-784-2690
Shoemaker, Paul  90 Alexis Dr  BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815  570-389-1834
Shoemaker, William L  918 E 7 St  BLOOMSBURG, PA 17815  570-784-1218
I'm guessing that the area code for Shoemaker's auto body is now 570.
You should have known that it was rude and deceptive,
and had some clue that the only way you can make money from it is
by getting a bunch of suckers to lose money.
Whether or not that's illegal is really a secondary issue.

@_date: 2001-10-26 19:58:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Conman, quantum entaglement and no cat 
Or rigging the lottery drawing, but surely *that's* never been done :-)
You can also simulate time travel through delayed transmission;
         cf: The Sting
for examples of that.  Probably wasn't done here, but it could have been,
and putting out a broadcast story of "Earlier today, The Amazing Bogomeister
successfully predicted the Powerball Lottery", showing Himself with
the clock in the background *clearly* indicating the time as
an hour before the real lottery drawing took place would reinforce it.

@_date: 2001-10-26 20:05:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A champion of liberty speaks about privacy, cash smuggling 
She said "interstate".  That's WITHIN the US, not even outside the country.
That means she wants you busted if you take cash across state lines
without reporting it to the Proper Authorities, who can of course
confiscate it as suspected drug money.  Fortunately, that failed.
You'll have to read the passed bill to find out whatever atrocious
things they've added to your ability to engage in foreign commerce.

@_date: 2001-10-26 20:37:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: web.archive.org Internet archive to open ---google + 
It's not as outrageous as you'd think.  100GB drives are around $200,
which means that a terabyte will cost you about $3K if you throw in a PC
and some networking gear to connect it, so you could replicate that
in your basement next to your DES-cracker for about the same price -
the more expensive problem is getting the fiber optic connection
from the Presidio to your basement to keep it updated.
More to the point, recent news articles say the Feds have been
getting Google to delete things for them.
         Anybody know what's been deleted, and whether it's still in Wayback,
and whether we can get copies out into the public before anyone pressures
Brewster Kahle?

@_date: 2001-10-26 20:54:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The new Internet archive 
The article title was "web.archive.org Internet archive to open"....

@_date: 2001-10-28 22:26:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Fwd: [biofuel] VW presents new synthetic fuel strategy] 
Making biodiesel from virgin oil scales well, since you can use
non-food-grade oils, but there's still a substantial ecological effect
of converting land from non-farming or food-farming to energy-farming.
Waste vegetable oil has a much different scaling ability -
until you get most fast-food french-fry leftovers used for fuel oil,
it scales up really well, but after that it hits the wall.
Ethanol has similar problems - you need to grow a lot of sugary or starchy which not only displace food crops (having similar land needs),
but at least in third-world countries tend to be grown by
slash-and-burn agriculture, which rapidly destroys land, usually rainforest.
On the other hand, for an area that doesn't have oil,
the tradeoff between wasting farmland for energy crops and
using it for export crops to buy energy from outside could go either way.
Of course, when the "area" has government boundaries defining it,
especially in the third world, there tends to be a huge amount of
social policy and/or corruption distorting the market prices.
But sometimes you can exploit other governments' corrupt social policies,
e.g. grow cocaine or opium and buy oil or food or toys with the profits.

@_date: 2001-10-29 17:05:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Pravda Propaganda On The NRA, GOA and Militias 
Back when LaRouche was being a leftist, it was obvious that
the Evil Rockefeller {Commie/Capitalist} Jewish Bankers' Conspiracy
must be running the world, because everybody from wacko lefties
to rightwingers like the Birchers and the more extreme rightwing wackos said so.
The SPLC may have its problems, but it looks a lot like
Pravda's problem with them is that they're Jews.
Bush Sr. was the guy who got us into the whole New World Order biz;
to see his son, elected because of his father's clout (ok, and the
lack of any credible Republican opposition) and surrounded by his
father's cronies, do anything else would have been highly surprising.
They may be Commies, but they want their own intellectual property enforced :-)

@_date: 2001-10-29 17:20:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Entertainingly dangerous spam - Access and use your PC from 
I received the following entertaining spam message.
Their product
I wonder who else it allows to access from any web browser, anywhere :-)
=========== BEGIN SPAM HERE ===============
Return-Path: OWNER-NOLIST-1643_MediaTrec1_GoToMyPC*BILL*-STEWART**POBOX*-COM at MLM3.JOBSONLINE.COM
Delivered-To: bill.stewart at pobox.com
Received: from mlm4.jobsonline.com (mlm4.jobsonline.com [216.35.218.199])
Received: from mlm3 (mlm3.jobsonline.com) by mlm4.jobsonline.com (LSMTP for Windows NT v1.1b) with SMTP id <12.00020FC2 at mlm4.jobsonline.com>; Mon, 29 Oct 2001 12:12:02 -0500
 >> Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary="06986E0E1E196312E032AFBC"
X-UIDL: 976db5a1925596ff0fe346ba08cac846
You are receiving this recurring mailing because you registered to receive special offers from an Email OffersOnDemand marketing partner. If you would prefer not to receive future messages from Email OffersOnDemand, please scroll to the bottom of this message and follow the instructions.
Access and Use Your PC From Anywhere
*** Please forward this email to anyone who needs to access their computer away from the office. ***
Introducing a new technology for
Dialpad users that PC Magazine calls "revolutionary" and The New York Times calls "ingenious."
GoToMyPC allows you to securely access and use your office computer from any Web browser anytime, anywhere.
TELEWORKERS: Work on your office computer from home, easily and securely, with just an Internet connection.
TRAVELERS: Access and use your computer and files from hotels, airports, Internet cafes  anywhere with Web access.
AFTER-HOURS ACCESS: Access and use your office desktop, email and other corporate resources after hours from any location connected to the Internet.
DEMONSTRATIONS: Invite your prospective buyers to remotely view your computer screen for on-the-fly demos.
Download The Free Trial Now!
Member Services - This message is brought to you by Email Offers OnDemand. To find out more about Email Offers OnDemand visit  or write us at 541 N Fairbanks Court, Suite 2800 Chicago, IL 60611. , If you would prefer not to receive future marketing messages from us, Click here , or visit  , enter your email address, and click on the unsubscribe button. Only unsubscribe requests submitted to this page can be fulfilled. Email OffersOnDemand cannot fulfill unsubscribe requests submitted elsewhere or to the email boxes of individuals.
======= END SPAM ===========

@_date: 2001-10-29 18:16:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Speaker Wanted - This Wednesday, Pulver Conference - Presence & 
(Brad spaced on the title....  brad at templetons.com )
This is Brad Templeton from the EFF.  This Wednesday I'm moderating a
panel at Jeff Pulver's semi-annual conference on Presence and Instant
Messaging.   It's a smallish (couple of hundred) conference where you'll
see most of the commercial players in instant messaging, with the very
notable exception of AOL.
However, having attended this conference I have found that most of the
people there pay little attention to issues of security and privacy in
the IM world.  Sometimes for real reasons (most IM is forced by NAT and
firewalls to be routed through central servers) but often times simply
because they haven't bothered.
The panel I am moderating is on these topics of Presence and Instant
Messaging, and due to various circumstances, right now I have only 2
other speakers on it, who will speak about the privacy and security work
being done by two standards bodies, the PAM formum, and the IETF SIP working
group.  I have my own talk on the design and political issues, but I can
move a lot of that into my plenary talk later in the day where I want to
get those issues out.
In particular I am interested in technologically interesting projects or
research to allow privacy, encryption and anonymity in instant messaging,
and also in presence data and location-aware devices.  (Part of the
conference is also on location aware services, E911 manadated location-aware
phones etc.)
So I apologize for not asking until today, but if you have done any work
in these areas you would like to talk about briefly, I could have a slot
for you, and get you free attendance at this normally $2,000 conference.
Last time Lenny Foner gave a great talk on his work.
The conference info is at  and my session is
This Wedesday, Oct 31, at 9:45am.  It is at the Marriott in Santa Clara.
Sorry as well for posting without regularly reading cypherpunks, but I
need to keep my email load down.

@_date: 2001-09-01 09:40:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: secure IRC/messaging successor 
Jabber seems to be emerging as the main cross-ISP instant messaging platform.
I'm not sure how much security it offers, but I've heard that
somebody's doing something along those lines.

@_date: 2001-09-01 09:53:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
It wasn't that the US government _allowed_ IRA fundraising,
except in that the First Amendment protects such things.
For a long time, the US Government hadn't banned it,
though a couple of years ago Congress passed a law allowing the
President to declare specific organizations to be Offical Terrorists
and ban fundraising activities by or for them.
I don't remember if the IRA is on the enemies list, but Hizbollah.org is.

@_date: 2001-09-01 09:59:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Borders UK and privacy 
So that _who's_ constantly new?  Somebody, but would it still be you?

@_date: 2001-09-01 20:02:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: News: "U.S. May Help Chinese Evade Net Censorship" 
The difference between Real Open Source and giving copies to the NSA
is that Real Open Source users will often send YOU the bug reports
instead of just keeping them to themselves :-)
But yes, if you're giving away free betas, the NSA can have them too.
And if you're doing the "$49 for 5 nyms" deal, they can buy them too,
whether they admit that they're doing it or whether you just get
orders from the Maryland Procurement Office or a credit card
belonging to R.Canine, Columbia MD.
The more interesting question is NSA's access to the server software.
If they want it badly enough, and don't want to admit it,
there's probably some small ISP with In-Q-It funding out there.

@_date: 2001-09-01 21:46:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: stump go boom, and keeping kanooks at bay 
Stump remover doesn't go boom, it goes fizzle fizzle smoke smoke smoke,
for a long time until your stump has burned away down into the roots.
You might be able to extract some KNO3 from the other gunk,
but there're probably better ways to get your pyrotechnical supplies.

@_date: 2001-09-04 12:40:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Errata - Re: Cypherpunks List Info 
Infonex.com is the same system as cyberpass, so it's presumably dead now.
The information on UNsubscribing still should be there,
since some people may need to do that,
but subscriptions don't need to be.

@_date: 2001-09-04 13:25:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot - tools vs. services 
It's a tough call.  The services model has some obvious advantages -
- business model, if they can develop one successfully,
         to fund enough servers, clients, jurisdictions, and ISPs
         to overcome the inertia, hassle, and dropout factor that
         make it hard to create and sustain a scalable secure system.
         ZKS doesn't appear to have succeeded, but perhaps an expensive
         system for more paranoid users or profitable applications
         (e.g. tax avoidance through jurisdictional arbitrage
         or tax evasion through money laundering) can win.
- potentially higher software and service quality.
- less subject to changing fads, e.g. a Napster failed - will Gnutella?
But it has some serious drawbacks -
- you have to trust the service, unless you can be sure it's designed
         with no way for the operators to trace the users,
         including subtle methods like making sure Usual Suspects
         get connected to compromised remailers.
- centralization makes them attackable - Not everything's as
         centrally controllable as Julf's remailer was,
         but not everybody's as honest as he is about shutting down
         rather than continue service when vulnerable,
         and some governments are much more aggressive than Finland
         at attacking systems.
- business models can fail - Napster Inc., ZKS aren't doing so well.
- specialized markets may produce too small a user community,
         making it possible for eavesdroppers to watch the whole system.
         If there are only 100 players, you can pretty much tell
         who's using it, even if you don't know specifically who's
         talking to whom.  For some target markets, this is ok,
         for instance if you're primarily trying to keep the communications
         patterns private from the other players in your market,
         rather than from outsiders, but for others it fails badly.
For tool-based approaches, the ideal is to at least piggyback on some
existing service, e.g. Apache, or Gnutella/Napster/etc., or ICQ/Jabber/AIM,
so there are a large number of players and lots of cover traffic,
making the system relatively sustainable and tracing difficult.

@_date: 2001-09-04 21:14:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Motives 
Our esteemed Senator Diane Feinstein from California,
occasionally along with other people such as Joe Biden from my
home state of Delaware, occasionally proposes laws against disseminating
information on the internet, particularly about bombs and such.
(By contrast, an elementary-school education in Delaware includes
a trip to the duPont gunpowder-making mills, learning about
local history, colonial industry, and safe explosives-making.)
So some of the bomb ranting is about her disrespect for the First Amendment.
Some of it's pretty clearly from people who troll for the fun of trolling.
Some of it might even be lam3r k1ddi3z trying to look k3wl.
Some if it, especially post-Columbine and post-J*m B*ll,
does appear to be from people trolling usual suspects on the net
hoping to find some of them who are scary or stupid enough to entrap
into some witch-hunt, a political speech, a newspaper story,
a criminal conviction, whatever floats their boat.
There actually are laws against blowing stuff up or
possessing tools to do so, at least in some circumstances,
or conspiring to do Bad Things, or corrupting minors into doing so,
and for many purposes an accusation is really more useful than a conviction.
Most of it's actually produced by the service* that the Cypherpunks Cabal
Central Conspiracy Committee hires to make the list appear to be
Mostly Harmless by posting a flood of decoy material and
other slanderous and evil material so that the few genuinely dangerous
messages can be dismissed as "oh, yeah, kooks troll us with stuff
like this all the time" or "Oh, yeah, and last week they claimed we were
conspiring with hizbollah.org and the Bilderbergers."
[*Plausible Deniability Inc.]

@_date: 2001-09-05 22:28:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Melon traffickers --> Soul traffickers 
I was shocked, *shocked* to receive the following disturbing message in my I've removed the headers because *surely* they must be from some forger trolling for
hate mail directed by the outraged public to some innocent member of our for surely Nobody would put their own name on this kind of material.
O,  tempora!  O,  mores!
   ~~Request-Remailing-To: cypherpunks at lne.com

@_date: 2001-09-06 19:42:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks 9/8/01 - GOLDEN GATE PARK - EFF Music Share-In 
See for SF, Toronto, Seattle, & Bangalore Cypherpunks announcements.
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks September 2001 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday 8 September 2001
TIME:   1 - 6 PM (Pacific Time)
Location: Golden Gate Park, corner of Haight & Stanyan
"Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
As usual, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited.
The Cypherpunks Secret Cabal Meeting starts at 1:00,
so bring blankets, lunch, tape recorders, drums, etc.
The slightly-better-hidden agenda is at  or
It's the east end of the main part of the park (not counting the Panhandle.)
    Music Share-in Festival in Golden Gate Park
   Hosted by Wavy Gravy and John Perry Barlow
    EFF Music Share In
    Saturday, September 8, 2001, 2pm-5pm PT
    Golden Gate Park (corner of Haight & Stanyan)
    Join the Electronic Frontier Foundation and ten Independent bands for
    an afternoon of music supporting artists' rights. All bands performing
    grant permission for their Share - In performances to be recorded and
    shared with friends under EFF's Open Audio License. Tapers are
    encouraged and welcome.
    Ten bands will play in two stage areas in the meadow. Hosting the main
    stage are Wavy Gravy and EFF co-founder John Perry Barlow. Musicians
    performing at the event include singer/songwriter Adrian West, the
    jazzy Alex Buccat Quartet featuring Sanaz, folk/pop band Atticus
    Scout, high-altitude bluegrass string band Hot Buttered Rum, soulful
    solo performer Michael Musika, the political satirists of The Planning
    Commission, Berkeley-based party band Shady Lady, classical Indian
    instrumentalists Srini and Raja, acoustic rock performer Vanessa Lowe,
    and singer/songwriter Wendy Haynes.
    Come with friends and family! Hear great music, feast on Ben and
    Jerry's ice cream and support a great cause. Best of all, It's FREE!
    There will also be booths, t-shirts and CDs. Visit our website at:
          for more information or call +1 415-436-9333 x101
Directions: East end of the main body of the park.

@_date: 2001-09-06 22:55:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Slashdot | Texas Arabic Hosting Provider Shut Down By FBI 
At 11:46 PM 09/06/2001 -0500, Jim Choate wrote to the Cypherpunks list
 > It's an outrageous story.
 - 9/5/01
 - 9/6/01
Infocom Corporation, is a web hosting and computer sales company based in Richardson, Texas,
supporting over 500 clients, particularly Arabic web sites,
which were shut down temporarily during the raid (many are back up now).
Clients include Al-Jazeera television and the newspaper Al-Sharq, both based in Qatar, and
several major Muslim American organizations such as the
Council on American Islamic Relations, the Islamic Society of North America,
the Islamic Association for Palestine and the Holy Land Foundation.
On September 5, the FBI raided them, with a sealed search warrant,
looking for information on terrorist groups.
They also served subpoenas on the Holy Land Foundation,
based across the street, which some of the news articles say
the FBI suspects of having ties to Hamas.
FBI spokeswoman Lori Bailey said the investigation was not aimed at InfoCom's clients,
but she declined to say why authorities targeted the company.
80 agents were involved in the search of the files, and carried boxes of out of the building.  It was part of a two-year investigation by the
North Texas Joint Terrorism Task Force (multi-agency incl. FBI, SS, Customs.)
The Reuters article on Yahoo describes Al-Jazeera as
One of the Slashdot commentators said it reminded him of the
Steve Jackson Games raid.  Given the presence of news organizations,
potentially including journalism work products subject to ECPA protection,
this is my reaction as well.
Later stories include the FBI denying accusations of anti-Arab bias,
and a statement by 10 American Islamic groups accusing them of an
"Anti-Muslim witchhunt promoted by the pro-Israel lobby in America".
The FBI denied the raid was any kind of witchhunt,
``We were executing a search warrant as part of a criminal investigation.
It had nothing to do with anti-Islamic or anti-Palestinian or
anti-Middle East issues or anything like that,'' said special agent Lori

@_date: 2001-09-06 23:28:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Friday, 9/7 - International Day of Action Against Video 
Perform for a video camera today!   Or alternatively, go buy a cheap webcam
and surveil somebody who's already performing (oh, wait, that wasn't what they meant :-)
The EFF announced the following:
Friday, September 7 - International Day of Action Against Video Surveillance
   Join privacy-minded citizens in raising awareness of public video
   surveillance
     Electronic Frontier Foundation ACTION ALERT
     (Issued: Friday, August 31, 2001 / Deadline: Friday, September 7, 2001)
   Introduction:
    On Friday, 7 September 2001, a variety of groups from around the world
    will be collaborating on an international day of autonomous protests
    against the constant, indiscriminate and technologically sophisticated
    video surveillance of public places by both businesses and law
    enforcement agencies, and in favor of the right to privacy, which is a
    fundamental human right. The protests will take the form of short
    skits and plays, the majority of which will take place in front of
    "webcams," so that people all over the world can watch them via the
    Internet.
   What YOU Can Do:
      * If you are concerned about surveillance cameras in your area, and
        would like to get involved in the protests, then see New York's
        Surveillance Camera Players' (SCP) "How to Stage Your Own
        'Surveillance Camera Theater' in 10 Easy-to-Follow Steps!" at:
                * To add your group to the confirmed list of activists, email SCP
        at:
          notbored at panix.com
      * Contact your legislators about online privacy issues. For
        information on how to contact your legislators and other
        government officials, see EFF's "Contacting Congress and Other
        Policymakers" guide at:
                * Join EFF! For membership information see:
             Privacy Campaign:
    This drive to contact the Judiciary bureaucracy about their invasive
    policies is part of a larger campaign to highlight how extensively
    companies and governmental agencies subject us to surveillance and
    share and use personal information online, and what you can do about
    it.
    Check the EFF Privacy Now! Campaign website regularly for additional
    alerts and news:
         Background:
    The proposal reads as follows:
      We propose --
     1. that an international day of action against video surveillance --
        specifically: the constant, indiscriminate and technologically
        sophisticated video surveillance of public places by both
        businesses and and law enforcement agencies -- take place on
        Friday, 7 September 2001;
     2. that people who wish to intensify the struggle to protect and
        strengthen the right to privacy (a fundamental human right) should
        undertake autonomous actions at the local level and in a
        completely de-centralized fashion;
     3. that, if and when possible, at least some of these actions should
        be undertaken in front of webcams that have already been installed
        in public places by private companies that are insensitive or even
        hostile to privacy concerns (in addition to disrupting "business
        as usual" for these companies, the use of webcams will allow the
        entire world to see 7s01 anti-videosurveillance actions as they
        take place);
     4. that all individuals and groups participating in the 7s01 day of
        action keep in touch with at least one of the groups listed below
        and/or each other;
     5. that at least one Web site links to or actually displays images
        from these actions as they take place;
     6. that this proposal should be posted on-line and sent to as many
        people as possible and as soon as possible; and
     7. that this proposal be translated into as many foreign languages as
        possible, but especially French, German, and Italian, for it is in
        France, Belgium, Germany and Italy that the anti-videosurveillance
        struggle is the most visible at the moment.
    List of participating groups:
          EFF's action alert:
           Contacts:
      Bill Brown, Surveillance Camera Players
        notbored at panix.com
        +1 212-561-0106
              Will Doherty, EFF Online Activist / Media Relations
        wild at eff.org
        +1 415 436 9333 x111
                                   - end -

@_date: 2001-09-11 07:29:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old 
apparently two planes crashed into the World Trade Center,
and the top of one tower is gone.
another either crashed the pentagon or bombed it.
airports all closed.

@_date: 2001-09-11 07:37:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old 
Highly unlikely to be physical damage; it's just slashdotted
because everybody with an internet connection tried it first.
The San Francisco Chronicle is still working because it's early morning
on the West Coast; they're sfgate.com, picture on the front page,
and the AP story is at

@_date: 2001-09-11 07:56:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old 
even Akamai is slashdotted....  Here's the SF article printer-friendly version;
sorry about the formatting.
Planes crash into World Trade Center, creating horrifying scene; no word on Tuesday, September 11, 2001
)2001 Associated Press
URL:  (09-11) 06:39 PDT (AP) --
AP National Writer
NEW YORK (AP) -- Two planes crashed into the upper floors of both World Trade Center towers minutes apart Tuesday in what the President Bush said was an apparent terrorist attack, blasting fiery, gaping holes in the 110-story buildings. There was no immediate word on deaths or injuries.
The president ordered a full-scale investigation to "hunt down the folks who committed this act"
The twin disasters which happened shortly before 9 a.m. and then right around 9 a.m.
In Washington, officials said the FBI was investigating reports of a plane hijacking before the crashes.
Heavy black smoke billowed into the sky above the gaping holes in the side of the 110-story twin towers, one of New York City's most famous landmarks, and debris rained down upon the street, one of the city's busiest work areas. When the second plane hit, a fireball of flame and smoke erupted, leaving a huge hole in the glass and steel tower.
"Today we've had a national tragedy," Bush said. He called it "an apparent terrorist attack."
Ira Furber, former NTSB spokesman, discounted likelihood of accident.
"I don't think this is an accident," he said on CNN. "You've got incredibly good visibility. No pilot is going to be relying on navigational equipment."
"It's just not possible in the daytime," he added. "A second occurrence is just beyond belief."
The towers were struck by terrorist bombers in February 1993, killing six people and injuring more than 1,000 others.
All New York City-area airports were shut down, and several subway lines were immediately shut down. Trading on Wall Street was suspended.
"The plane was coming in low and ... it looked like it hit at a slight angle," said Sean Murtagh, a CNN vice president, the network reported.
"I was watching TV and heard a sonic boom," Jeanne Yurman told CNN. "The side of the World Trade Center exploded. Debris is falling like leaflets. I hear ambulances. The northern tower seems to be on fire."
Thousands of pieces of what appeared to be office paper came drifting over Brooklyn, about three miles from the tower.
A senior government official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the agency is pursuing reports that one or both of the planes were hijacked and that the crashes may have been the result of a suicide mission.
The source stressed that the reports are preliminary and officials do not know the cause of the crashes.
"It certainly doesn't look like an accident," said a second government official, also speaking on condition of anonymity.
In 1945, an Army Air Corps B-25, a twin-engine bomber, crashed into the 79th floor of the Empire State Building in dense fog.
In Sarasota, Fla., Bush was reading to children in a classroom at 9:05 a.m. when his chief of staff, Andrew Card, whispered into his ear. The president briefly turned somber before he resumed reading. He addressed the tragedy about a half-hour later.
)2001 Associated Press

@_date: 2001-09-11 08:23:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon,Old 
INteresting exchange from cyberia-l.
Mark was online earlier, and sent an article saying
         Try NYC traffic cams:

@_date: 2001-09-11 13:06:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What's going on? World Trade Center, Pentagon, Old  
The mailbot deleted the pictures.
That's not a nationwide thing or an all-phone-companies thing -
most NYC-based numbers would be hard to reach,
and maybe some long distance carrier's database is in NYC,
but it's unlikely they'd have only a single database.
I'd heard there was a crash in Camp David - this is first I'd heard of this.
He was making speeches from an AFB in Louisiana.
The logical places to go would be Camp David (guess not...)
or Andrews AFB or the Fort Ritchie, MD emergency site.
The less logical place to go is back to the White House -
it's a bit riskier, but would make good PR.

@_date: 2001-09-12 00:47:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The 4th Airliner Shot Down? 
The airliner that crashed in Pennsylvania was the one where one of
the passengers called his family on the cellphone and said (after other things)
they were going to try to rush the hijackers.
I'm not sure if that's the same plane where the cellphone caller
said the hijackers claimed to have a bomb or not,
but even if they *said* that it doesn't mean they really had one.
So it could have been a bomb, or it could have been a fight in the cockpit.
Some of the pilots may also have had family killed by Israel
or by US bombings in Iraq or the ten years of blockade --
today's (pre-bombing) Marin County CA paper had an opinion-page column
by somebody who just had permits rejected by the US export bureaucrats
for water chlorination systems they were trying to export to Iraq;
they smuggled them there anyway because unsafe water is *still* the
leading cause of death in Iraq.  Soldiers who are really angry
are sometimes willing to do suicidal attacks.

@_date: 2001-09-12 12:16:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Manhattan Mid-Afternoon 
And even then, Swedish president Palme was assassinated some years ago.
(By contrast, some Swiss president died a few years ago,
in a public place if I remember the story correctly,
and it was a week or so before anybody realized who it was
or that their president was missing.)

@_date: 2001-09-15 23:12:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: U.S. Held Liable in '90 Kidnap 
It's an excellent ruling, even though it is only allowing the
doctor to recover damages for the parts of the kidnapping that
happened in Mexico and not the time he spent in jail in the US
before he was acquitted.  The Justice Department said they'll appeal,
and given the impending campaign to capture Osama bin Laden,
which this could interfere with, they'll probably win.
But it's the Right Thing to do.

@_date: 2001-09-16 15:42:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
Sandy Wrote:
 > The question is not, "Can 250-story buildings be made safe?"
 > The only question is "How can they be made safe?"
The related question is "How can they be made economical?";
Todos Santos may have been, but it had the advantage of being fictional,
as did Gibson's nanotech-Nippon buildings that grew at night when
nobody was looking.  Unless we can get the economic systems
to support the number of people who work in a building like that,
including commuting costs from residential areas,
to balance out the benefits of working near each other,
the non-replacement of the building will be just evolution in action.
Donald Trump is a capitalist - if building his proposed
kilometer-high New Trump Tower would have made sense without
the subsidies he's been so good at talking New York into giving him,
it'd probably be built by now.  It's not.
Rebuilding it doesn't make sense, though I did enjoy the picture
that's been floating around the net of the replacement building,
four towers shaped like a hand with the middle finger extended. :-)
If it weren't for the near-infinite value of land in Manhattan,
I'd say it would be better to build your basic eternal-flame monument there.
Agreed - the Empire State building and Chrysler Building are cool,
but the WTC was ugly, though the view from the restaurant was impressive.
(...and the John Hancock tower in Boston at least had the entertainment value
of guessing where the next glass window was going to fall off...)
And the Parthenon lasted over 2000 years - it didn't turn into a ruin
until the Turks blew up the ammunition storage there in the ~1850s.
The Internet makes it possible for anybody to work from anywhere they want.
Of course, that's why everybody moved to the San Francisco Bay Area
to be near the action :-)

@_date: 2001-09-16 16:32:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: AP - Was Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
AP was designed to implement several objectives:
- Let the customer or customers for the service remain anonymous
- Let the service provider get paid without getting caught,
which includes remaining anonymous to the customers,
where the primary threat is governments tracking the payment.
- Let the potential target know the depth of public opinion about
his/her actions, encouraging a change of behavior to prevent the
bids from becoming sufficiently high.
In this case, the Feds didn't feel the need to remain anonymous
when they put out their "Bring Me The Head Of Osama bin Laden" contract,
nor did the dot-com millionaire who recently bid $10M.
And if bin Laden hadn't figured out that the Feds disliked him
by the time they fired 75 cruise missiles with his name on them
after they accused him of the embassy bombings, sticking his name
up on a computer bulletin board system won't change that much.
While anonymous digital cash, if it existed, would make payment quieter,
that's not the real problem for the stoolie who fingers bin Laden.
The traditional "here's the number for a secret Swiss Bank Account"
should do fine, or handing over the Magic American Express Card.
The problem is that anybody close enough to bin Laden who suddenly
started spending lots of cash after the Feds moved in would
suddenly be a very obvious candidate for community disapproval;
that's one mujahid who's better off leaving a revenge/suicide note
followed by CNN reporting that a small explosives-laden Cessna
was shot down over the Potomac.
Yeah - unlike Salmon Rushdie, there may be fewer people who want him killed,
but they'd be much more serious about it.
Include a public key with the anonymous tip,
and have the Feds encrypt the Swiss Bank Account Number with it.
Or at least have the money-delivery instructions signed with that key.

@_date: 2001-09-16 17:50:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Bugged" calling cards? 
If you're fancy about it, and don't mind a little trademark violation,
you could even print up a nice card that *looks* like
it's from the reputable long distance company the target uses :-)
A couple of years ago, when fast-buck artists used pyramid scams
that actually involved bothering your friends in person
instead of just spamming the internet, you might have even
been able to find a calling-card business that made this easy,
because they had some business model involving advertising cards
to the people your suckers\\\\\\customers called.
The important thing is to find something that's
account-based rather than one-shot cash-up-front -
it's a lot cheaper for those companies not to need a billing system,
but sometimes the stickiness of repeat customers justifies it,
though they're more likely to send mail that doesn't list calls.
Most of those companies are gone now, but you could check the cards
for sale in your local convenience store or ethnic grocery
or lottery-tickets-and-liquor store and see if any of them
will do what you need.  Ethnic groceries are especially likely to work,
because telephone calls to third-world telcos are the most likely
to still have prices high enough to make workarounds profitable,
while US and UK prices are low enough that far fewer people care.

@_date: 2001-09-16 21:22:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: On Internet and social responsibility 
Jim, the First Amendment is a fine thing, but it's got very little
resemblence to twentieth-century US government practice :-)
Non-electronic speech and press gotten better treatment, mostly,
since we've gotten away from the days of the Schenk case,
but electronic speech has been heavily censored and controlled,
particularly under the Roosevelt-inspired monopoly over the airwaves.
But even the writers of that pro-central-government batch of
political compromise called the US Constitution appear to have
considered laws against fraud, slander, and libel to be reasonable
grounds for laws, and in some cases for duels.

@_date: 2001-09-16 21:33:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Suspending the Constitution 
There are two separate things going on there -
half of that money is for fixing New York;
the other half is for getting revenge on Bush's Enemies List
and letting the Military-Industrial Complex go kill people
so that the Americans believe Bush Is Not A Wimp.
Bush has been somewhat milder than the more rabid Congresscritters,
but some of that's just the basic Bell Curve plus media behavior -
with 500+ of them, you'd expect the more extreme to sound
fairly extremist, and you'd expect the media to cover the extremists.

@_date: 2001-09-16 21:54:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IP: RE: Senate votes to permit warrantless Net-wiretaps, 
Hear, hear!   That's particularly true for Feds pursuing terrorists -
there are enough Federal judges, either regular or FISA Star Chamber types,
that any cop who's doing something other than hot pursuit can get a warrant
any time they need to - and if Congress doesn't think this is the case,
the solution is not to drop the Constitution, it's to hire some extra judges
to work nights, and give them an internet connection to keep busy on slow What's much harder to do in real time is give the judge enough real evidence
for more than a rubber-stamp review.  Even that's better than nothing,
because it keeps the cops maintaining some pretense of respect for law
and creates accounting records of the warrants, but it's likely to be
pretty shoddy.

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:22:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: C-SPAN on Pentagon Renovation 
Many years ago, when I was a tool of the military-industrial complex,
I was part of a project that bid on replacing the communications
infrastructure of part of the Pentagon, which included bidding on rewiring it.
Yow, what an ugly and impossible job that was!
The prime contractor we were working for didn't win the job,
so fortunately we didn't have to deal with it.
Just because the Pentagon is not compliant with fire safety codes
doesn't mean there isn't a lot of asbestos all over the place -
running new wiring in the ceiling would have been very risky,
even if anybody *had* a complete picture of what's in the ceilings there.
Bidding on the job was, IIRC, entirely unclassified,
so there are large parts of the blueprints that don't
even identify what agencies control some of the blacked-out spaces.
George Bush doesn't have all the right clearances to all the
different projects that have stuck stuff in there,
and some of the wires were installed by people who are dead now
and will never be able to tell what they were for or whether
they're still in use, but you can't just fish new stuff in
next to them, because a lot of the wiring troughs and plenum spaces
aren't sufficiently clear.  It's kind of like an old-fashioned
computer room or telco building where you can't quite get the
floor tiles to stay down, because there's so much excess wire
that there's no room for the moat monsters
these aren't the skeletons you're looking for
There aren't a lot of wiring / electrician companies that have
general enough permissions to work on the place.
This was 1990-1991, around the beginning of the Desert Scam war,
because one thing everybody insisted on was that,
while the wiring plans couldn't overly violate TEMPEST by being antennas,
they *did* need to get CNN piped in to everybody.
I was commuting past many of the places you hear about on the
NYC traffic radio reports; stopping by the UN to do anti-war protests
on the way back from bidding on rewiring the Pentagon was
heavily into cognitive dissonance territory, and one of the things
that helped push me into finding honest work...

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:30:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Crypto-anonymity greases HUMINT intelligence flows 
Back when Osama bin Laden was accused of the African US embassy bombings,
the Clinton administration decided they had to Do Something Decisive,
so they fired off about 75 cruise missiles at
"Osama's Chemical/Biological Warfare Factory" (somebody's legitimate
pharmaceutical plant in Sudan) and another place he was rumored to hang out.
It's not clear whether this sets him up for Double Jeopardy protection
if anybody takes the $5M reward and rats on him, because they didn't
bother with the formalities of a trial, just a declaration of guilt
followed by punishment, but it was Constitutionally pretty dodgy.
And if it's not strictly targeting innocents while knowing they're innocent,
failing to find out the facts before attacking people with missiles
is sufficiently negligent that I'd count it in the same category.
I think the US did pay off the factory owner after finding out
that they'd screwed up.  I don't know how many people got killed
in the process, though.

@_date: 2001-09-17 01:54:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SYMBOL 
Wow!  Sounds like an amazing building.   Too bad it won't last.
If India doesn't straighten out their problems with Pakistan,
it sounds like it won't last long enough to get 50,000 workers
before somebody takes it out.  Any way to sell short on it?

@_date: 2001-09-18 01:32:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Majority of Americans want anti-encryption laws, poll says 
Apparently one of Tim's neighbors is on the Other Side....

@_date: 2001-09-18 09:49:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Code Red seems to be back. 
Seems like Code Red or one of its little friends is back.
I think breaking up Microsoft is a bad idea,
but there are days it would be nice to have their
Web Server and Email Worm-Propagators run by companies
other than the operating system company just so fewer people
would be running that dangerous dreck.  :-)
Somebody did a paper about a hypothetical "Andy Warhol Virus",
studying how long it takes to take over a server,
how many servers you can attack per minute, and
what it would take to coordinate an attack that really hit everywhere.
15 minutes is about enough to hit most of the net,
if you find holes in Apache and IIS that don't need manual tweaking,
and if you don't alert people by scribbling their pages with
"Hacked by Chinese" or "Reformatted by bin Laden" before you're done.
Our chief weapons are surprise, exponential growth and
dividing up target address space effectively,
with quick checks to make sure you don't waste time on infected machines,
and, purely optionally, an almost fanatical analysis of hosting center configs.

@_date: 2001-09-18 20:11:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Melon traffickers --> Soul traffickers 
Common-carrier status is a complex deal, including some protection in return for lots of regulation.
But it's not the only choice - the ECPA and DMCA and even the otherwise-evil Communications Decency Act
provided some protection for network operators under various conditions.
Of course, just because the ECPA or CDA gave you some protections,
that doesn't mean some subsequent law or regulation can't wipe them out;
these aren't Constitutional amendments, they're just laws or regulations
that can be changed whenever some legislator or regulator thinks it's or fails to notice that a new rule is stepping on an old one.

@_date: 2001-09-22 22:09:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cooksey: Expect racial profiling 
WASHINGTON  U.S. Rep. John Cooksey, R-Monroe,
         told a network of Louisiana radio stations Monday that
         someone "wearing a diaper on his head" should expect to be
         interrogated in the investigation of terrorist attacks on the
         Pentagon and New York City.
and he jingoes on from there.  Cooksey doesn't say whether he was
including the KKK in the category of people with diapers on their head,
or what to do about politicians who need to change their own diapers.
He does acknowledge that some turban-wearers are Americans,
and some aren't Muslims or Arabs, but he still thinks they
need to be pulled over, because bin Laden and many of his followers
wear turbans.
Bin Laden has also been rumored to wear pants.
Cooksey won't be running for House again in 2002 - he's planning
to run for Senate instead.  I hope the Democrat's better,
though this is the part of the country that put out
"vote for the crook" bumper stickers when the crook's
opponent was (ostensibly ex-) Klansman David Duke.

@_date: 2001-09-23 12:16:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Op-ed on encryption: Privacy is no longer an argument 
It is bait and switch, but the argument is that if the
cops have keys to the house of the guy who drove the car into yours,
they can go see if he's got any co-conspirators and arrest them,
so the risk of getting caught is a deterrent to wouldbe co-conspirators
in future wouldbe crimes, and meanwhile it lets the cops look good
by catching the guys who helped do it.
It's interesting to me that this looks like Ashcroft was
somewhat on our side back when he was in the Senate,
though of course that doesn't mean he'll stay that way as AG.

@_date: 2001-09-23 12:31:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Larry Ellison volunteers to donate the S/W for Nat. ID 
Was that Saturday's paper, or Sunday's?  What page?  It's not in the on-line.
Anybody want to start boycott-oracle.org?  :-)

@_date: 2001-09-23 13:10:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Larry Ellison, Nazi Collaborator: Oracle for Natl ID 
A system like this would certainly make sure that if you
walk into an airport, and say that you're Larry Ellison,
and want to take off in your private jet during evening quiet hours,
or your flight plan says you'll arrive at your destination
during that airport's evening quiet hours,
the airport won't unlock the big orange boot on your jet's tires.
Otherwise, it won't stop any terrorists from renting jets.
In our next edition, we'll explore the applications of
national ID cards into where you can sail and dock large boats...

@_date: 2001-09-23 13:13:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Op-ed on encryption: Privacy is no longer an argument 
Well, of course.
But the analogy here was comparing house keys to crypto,
which, unlike houses, can only be opened and searched if the cops
have access to the keys, or if somebody left the back door open
or used weak enough crypto for brute force to let them break in.

@_date: 2001-09-23 14:14:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FUCK ORACLE, FUCK LARRY ELLISON 
Hey, it's today's newspaper, some of the cyberliberties crowd haven't
even gotten up for the morning yet...

@_date: 2001-09-24 00:00:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ellison, National ID discussion on Slashdot 
Most of it's not very deep...
 > > will you divest?
 > yes
Two months ago would have been better :-)
They've gone from about 20 to 10.7....

@_date: 2001-09-24 00:13:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: 419 letter (was Re: CDR Anonymizer 
The 419 scam is a bit different from most "Can you help me get my money"
scams that need the mark to contribute some up-front money,
or too-good-to-be-true investments, or house-repair jobs that never get done.
In this one, the cons are pretty much admitting that the money
was stolen by some corrupt official who's their relative,
and they're asking the mark to help them get the loot.
So the mark isn't an innocent dupe, but a guilty dupe,
and has no business complaining about the lack of honor among thieves,
and if anything, the mark who complains to the cops about being ripped off
would deserve to be busted if there were in fact any stolen money in Nigeria.

@_date: 2001-09-24 01:05:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FC: Oracle's Larry Ellison urges national ID card for 
I hate to trigger Godwin's Law so soon (though somebody else already did it),
but are there any Bay Area tattoo shops that want to volunteer to help
with the National ID numbers?

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:00:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Smallpox? 
There are two large terrorist organizations that have smallpox supplies -
the US* and Russian military biological warfare groups -
and there are occasional rumors that other terrorists may also have them.
Each of the big terrorist groups claims that they need to keep the stuff
so that they can prepare vaccines in case the other side uses their stash for CBW,
and that they can't do a mutual disarmament because they can't trust each other
not to keep some hidden stash - plus the possibility that some other
terrorist group may have some, or that there may be some in the wild
that could reappear some day and we'd then be defenseless.
This is especially bogus for smallpox, because (as Jenner discovered),
cowpox is usable as a vaccine against smallpox, so keeping that
should be good enough, though the smallpox-based vaccines are more convenient.
There's a certain amount of counter-argument that says that the
other terrorists might have done some genetic engineering to create
a mutant smallpox that isn't bothered by cowpox immunity,
and therefore they need to keep the Genuine Bad Stuff around.
[*Technically the US probably uses the Center for Disease Control
to run the repository, but it's the basically the military's control here.]

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:08:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FAA new rules and the nEW gEStApo (was Nail clippers 
Make sure you also ban raspberries and bananas - and loganberries.
                          "Suppose he's got a pointed stick."
Wouldn't be hard to get a set of Nunchucks through an x-ray.

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:30:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Muslims and Christians Stand United 
CJ's one of the more colorful fiction writers on the list....

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:48:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Only if you're recording - the cheap X10 cameras work just fine
with the back end plugged into a monitor rather than a recorder.

@_date: 2001-09-26 15:33:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cooked/umodified lists?  (was: Re: MIME-encoded PGP / 
The spam was fairly bad - now that I've been on the lne.com list,
there's much less that gets through.  (Yay!).
I've found the message-mangling less annoying than the spam.
One problem you'll find is that even if you mutt-sign your messages,
the people on the lne.com list are going to receive them de-mimed,
so you can't depend on the mutt-mime-sigs getting through.
I don't mind MIME attachments, much, though it's much nicer to be
able to read PGP-signed messages inline than to have to
double-click on the things and feed them to PGP just to read them;
the versions of Mutt that didn't have this problem were almost
always hand-hacked by users who didn't like mutt's choices of options.
I use Eudora, which AFAIK doesn't lie about attachment filenames,
(e.g. the classic attack on MS Mail products of sending something
named foo.doc.exe or bar.jpg.pif and triggering an executable),
so I think I've been safe when I've opened attachments.
But I'd generally rather not have to deal with them.

@_date: 2001-09-26 23:21:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Setting clocks 
There was a while that purpleturtle.com, a free email service
based in Jersey (Channel Islands, not New Jersey),
was off by about half a day; not even a round number of hours.
After I nagged them about it a couple of times, they fixed it.

@_date: 2001-09-27 01:00:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Get Real 
A friend of mine was in the Air Force, and one of his buddies had
put down as a reference on his security clearance application
the job he'd had at the corner candy store growing up in the Bronx.
The D.I.S. folks freaked because the candy store owner
denied knowing him, he'd seen nothing, didn't know nothing,
never hearda da guy.  He had to have his father go back to the
store owner and say, hey, it's ok, it's just my kid in the Air Force,
they're not regular cops, and they really don't care about the
numbers game in the back....

@_date: 2001-09-27 01:09:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Defeatist Compromising Commentary From Reason Magazine 
But how many *individual* stories are those, as opposed to either
wire service stories appearing in multiple newspapers or
content skimmed from wire service stories mixed with other content?
Is it really one set of FBI pronouncements being used in all of them,
or is it multiple sources in the government hawking the same party-line memes
to reporters, or is it actual multiple independent sources?
Some of the stories probably also include reporters going to
Usual Crypto Suspects like Schneier and Zimmermann
asking for comments on the government/wireservice stories,
which at least adds some independence and diversity.
Possibly some of the reporters who've covered crypto issues in the past
may have added things from their own knowledge.
But for the most part I've seen articles that are basically all the same.

@_date: 2001-09-27 01:29:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
If you're looking for territoriality, alarm capability,
and something cops and crooks don't know how to work around or prepare for,
don't mess with dogs - go for geese :-)
The cops may bring dog biscuits with them to distract dogs,
but with geese, that's just a noisy feeding frenzy,
and if they didn't bring bribes, well, you can reason with dogs,
but geese don't fall for the "Nice doggy" alpha-crap...
Of course, this only works well out in the country,
though I had a suburban neighbor in New Jersey who had geese
for a while before deciding some of the neighbors might get
bothered by the noise, and in Tim's case there's a risk that the
psycho dog next door might decide they look like food,
but they're cheerful to have around and don't require the
constant time and attention and work a dog needs.

@_date: 2001-09-28 11:36:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Ominous New Power Of Loose Lips 
Fax machines, also - Tienanmien Square had them,
and the Russian Coup Attempt had emails from the front.
Both of those were types of warfare where the central
government isn't in control of public opinion...

@_date: 2002-08-07 14:33:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE SF Cypherpunks, Sat Aug 10, Berkeley, Jupiter Brewery 
August 2002 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE:   Saturday 10 August 2002
TIME:   1:00 - 6:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:  Jupiter Brewing, 2181 Shattuck, Berkeley
    "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
The organized program begins about 1:00.
Some expected people and discussion topics:
- GNU Radio
- TCPA (though Lucky will probably give his DEFCON talk another time)
- John Gilmore's recent work on FAA Airport Thuggery
- Things that happened at Usenix Security and Defcon.
After the meeting, there is usually dinner somewhere nearby.
Jupiter is a brewery, with pizza and sandwiches and their own
beer and other brewers' beer.
As usual, this is an open meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited,
including some suspiciously foreign Canadians and Brits (expected)
and Florida's Secretary of State (not expected). However, it's possible
there will be Stupid Government Tricks restricting people under 21,
because of the presence of ethanol.
There's a Party at Ian's Place the night before, and the
Usenix Security Symposium is in SF this week.
   Jupiter    2181 Shattuck, Berkeley
   Jupiter opens at High Noon.
   We will be in the heated outdoor beer garden, weather permitting,
   or conspicuously inside.  And unlike the last time we were here,
   it's unlikely to be freezing outside.
   Directions:
   Map:    BART:
   Take BART to Berkeley station; Jupiter is across the street.
   Driving:
   Take 80 to University Avenue.
   Turn right on Shattuck.
   Go about 3 blocks.
   Lat/Long: 37.869765 N  122.268175 W
   If you get lost on the way, you can try calling:
      +1.415.307.7119 (Bill)

@_date: 2002-08-09 00:36:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay area to begin massive tracking of FasTrak commuters [ or 
The Fastrak system used for toll collections in San Francisco
and other areas has found another use - monitoring traffic flow on freeways
by tracking suckers\\\\\\\customers' cars when they're *not* in tollbooths.
The system managers purport that they'll protect privacy by
destroying any individually identifiable data after a day,
and also keeping personal identification information separate from
encrypted transponder IDs, but fundamentally, if they information's there,
it's accessible and usable.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, August 08, 2002 5:33 PM
 Traffic System Causes Privacy Outcry
By KAREN GAUDETTE
Associated Press Writer
August 8, 2002, 6:36 PM EDT
OAKLAND, Calif. -- In about a month, traffic sensors being installed along
San Francisco Bay area highways will be able to track a quarter million
drivers along their commutes.
Proponents say the $37 million enhancement to the region's electronic toll
system will be a boon to commuters, providing motorists real-time
information about some of the nation's worst road congestion via cell phone,
radio or Internet.
Traffic planners will be able to gather crucial data on problem areas.
But despite government assurances, the new program is also raising fears
that drivers' privacy will be invaded.
Similar to systems in Houston and the New York region, the Bay area's
FasTrak program already eases waits at toll plazas by enabling motorists to
pay with electronic devices velcroed to the windshields of vehicles.
Now, radio-based sensors mounted on highway signs every few miles will
augment the devices' usefulness.
To the dismay of some FasTrak users, monitoring is not optional. The only
way to avoid triggering the sensors throughout nine Bay Area counties is to
stash the transponder in its accompanying Mylar bag.
Project leaders at the Metropolitan Transportation Commission say they're
not interested in the movements of individual drivers, and have gone to
great lengths to protect privacy, including encrypting the serial number of
each transponder as its location is transmitted.
Authorities promise to keep this data separate from the identities of
FasTrak users and other information needed to make automatic monthly
deductions from their bank or credit card accounts.
"We're not tracking or trying to follow any individual car, just the overall
traffic flow," TravInfo project manager Michael Berman said.
But some drivers say having a more detailed traffic report isn't worth the
sense that someone's watching.
"I personally am a little creeped out by it," said interior designer Heidi
Hirvonen-White, who crosses the Golden Gate Bridge commuting between Tiburon
and San Francisco. "In today's society it seems like any sort of code or
whatnot can be broken."
Those in the automotive telematics industry say the Bay Area's "TravInfo"
project is only the latest example of the growing phenomenon of remote
Many rental fleets and trucking companies already use satellite positioning
systems to track cars and cargo. Companies promote similar products for
keeping tabs on kids, Alzheimer's patients or cheating spouses.
Washington is also promoting locator technology. By October, the Federal
Communications Commission wants cell phones equipped with locator technology
to help emergency responders find callers.
That requirement will also enable authorities to track users, even
calculating road speeds, said Ray Grefe, vice president of business
development for telematics software company Televoke.
"I think there are going to be some nasty court battles that come out of all
of this stuff," Grefe said.
Transponder data has already been used in court.
In 1997, E-ZPass records helped show what kidnappers did to New Jersey
restaurant millionaire Nelson Gross, whose BMW crossed the George Washington
Bridge into Manhattan, where his beaten corpse was found.
Another case involved a Connecticut rental car company that charged
customers $150 each time a GPS receiver showed they were speeding. The
company has since stopped the practice.
Berman emphasized that the Bay Area system won't be used to track kidnappers
or car thieves who happen to have FasTrak in their cars, let alone
The MTC -- along with its partners, the California Highway Patrol and the
state transportation department -- has received no requests from law
enforcement to tweak the system so drivers could be pursued, Berman said,
adding, "I think if they were to request it, we would say no. That's not our
But privacy advocates say that once the sensors are in place, there's
nothing to prevent such a change. New laws imposed after Sept. 11 make it
much easier for police to obtain such information.
"Yes, they're building in limitations on the data use, but there's nothing
to prevent them from changing the policies in the future," said Beth Givens,
director of the San Diego-based Privacy Rights Clearinghouse.
Each of the California system's sensors has two antennas. One continually
sends out a radio pulse that "wakes up" when it hits a passing FasTrak
transponder. The other antenna notes the transponder's serial number, and
transmits it, using encryption, via cellular modem to the MTC's Travel
Information Center in Oakland.
Transponders beep as cars pass through toll plazas, but remain silent when
they pass the sensors.
All record of serials numbers stored in electronic files will be destroyed
daily, leaving only general averages and patterns for later study, Berman
In Texas, 1.5 million commuters use a similar traffic information service,
said Artee Jones, spokesman for Houston TranStar, which incorporates similar
privacy measures.
While some FasTrak users remain troubled, few said they'd give up the
shorter toll booth lines or discounts to avoid participating.
Michael Pieri of Richmond said he has nothing to hide, but he'll still stash
the transponder away between tolls.
"That's fine if you volunteer for that," he said. "But involuntarily, I
don't think it's a good thing at all."
* __
On the Net:
Metropolitan Transportation Commission: TravInfo program: Copyright ) 2002, The Associated Press
For archives see:

@_date: 2002-08-15 12:59:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fw: Bay Area SDF SECURITY EVENTS ANNOUNCEMENT 
We've missed the first Nightwatch\\\\\\\\ SF Bay InfraGard meeting :-)
But there are other things here as well.
 FutureNet (2002)  Inside Business Incubators & Corporate Ventures (2001)  Dot-com Success!
Surviving the Fallout & Consolidation (2000)  Sand Dreams & Silicon Orchards (2000)
Cofounder WiWoWo (Wild Women of Wonder): Recent BBC interviews: "It is better to die standing, than to live on your knees"  -Dolores Ibarruri, Spanish Revolutionary

@_date: 2002-08-20 00:12:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: get me the fuck out of oz 
Click your heels together three times and say "There's No Place Like Home"
and you'll be back in bed in Kansas.  And yer little dog, too....

@_date: 2002-08-20 23:54:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Seth on TCPA at Defcon/Usenix 
The canonical timestamping system was Haber & Stornetta's work at
Bellcore, commercialized at Surety.com.  The site is current,
has some Digital Notary Service and Secure Email things on it,
and something much more amazing - it looks like they received
$7M in financing in June :-)
There's a nice collection of pointers to timestamping systems at
though I don't know how current the references are -
the page was last updated 14.8.2002.
The free PGP-based system has a news item from 04-Jun-02, which comments that,
although they haven't posted any news items in five years,
they've been in continuous operation....

@_date: 2002-08-21 17:45:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Pizza with a credit card 
Nah - buying delivered pizza with cash is obviously indicates money laundering
to hide cash from drug transactions...   Especially if the recording of your
call starts out "like, wow, man, we'd like some pizza.  Yeah, pizza!
Oh, wait, what do we want on it?   Shrooms and pepperoni?
and like Everything but the little fishies, man!"
New Jersey's Pizza Connection case a few years ago busted a dozen or so
pizza shops for delivering other products as well as pizza,
primarily heroin.

@_date: 2002-08-26 11:08:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Welcome to Amerika: precrime squads 
Sounds like libel to me.
So there's a published list, even if it's only published to cops,
saying "This person is likely to commit a crime".
Leave aside the obvious civil liberties issues for the moment -
this seems like simple libel to me.  At least for the Usual Suspects
who haven't yet been arrested for things, this doesn't sound like
investigation of a crime or other legitimate police function that's
protected by laws protecting government officials doing their official jobs.
Of course, most of the people on the list probably don't have the
resources to fight that kind of libel suit, but it'd be fun to get
the ACLU or some other pro bono support for it.

@_date: 2002-01-05 23:59:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: explicit govt monopoly rent-seeking (law abuse) 
Most state governments also give you a breakdown on the things that
they spend the money on (with usually some weasel-words to avoid
indicating that it's proceeds from scamming suckers.
Usually the establishment of the lottery was justified to the voters
by saying they'd spend the money on schools and old people;
usually the actual spending is mostly for prisons (to keep
druggies and gamblers in) and other disreputable things.
The Mafia, by contrast, explains how they spend their money
by saying "Duh, we're the Mafia, whaddyatink?"
Also, the Mafia doesn't hypocritically claim that they're
forbidding other people to run lotteries because they're immoral;
they may claim that they're doing it because "this is *my* territory".
Of course, both of them let the Catholic Church and Fire Departments
run bingo games.  And at least back when I lived in New Jersey,
we didn't get a state lottery until the Mafia agreed that
it was ok to run it if the payoff was a lot worse than their Daily Number.
(Mafia payoff was 60%; State was usually 50%.)
On the other hand, Teri Gross on NPR was doing an interview with
somebody who'd written a book about the current Philadelphia mob.
Apparently, the concept of honor is long gone, even among the
younger members of the old Italian families.  And not only no honor,
but not really even any style as a substitute. Buncha crude thugs,
got no respect for nobody.

@_date: 2002-01-06 15:23:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Future Gnu's 
What you do on your own time is your business :-)
Meanwhile, it's an open list, and procmail, Eudora, Outlook, Pine,
and probably even Netscape have mail filters,
so you can auto-ignore people you don't want to see.
Or you can encourage them by replying to all their posts,
so they'll keep on ranting.  Your choice....
One of the helpful things Detweiler did was get us thinking
about the necessity for mail filters before the Spam wave hit
and before the September That Never Ended swamped Usenet,
though of course killfiles had been around for a decade or more.

@_date: 2002-01-06 18:37:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spooky noises and things that go bump in the night 
Some anonymous forger allegedly replied to Petro along the lines of:
That's the fun of the traditional pump-action shotgun.
*Everybody* knows what one of those sounds like,
though if you need to swing it around in your house,
it's easier if it's a sawed-off, at least if the
Feds weren't the ones who talked you into sawing it off.
Nor do I.  If the neighbor's kid wants to steal my
overweight television or 233-MHz PC, it's not worth killing him for,
and I think he's got the sense not to sneak in when we're home.
And the time cops broke into my house, they were looking for him,
not me, and it was much safer to deal with them by
yelling at them about not letting the cats out than shooting them,
though it was way out of their experience band...
I do keep a loaded fire extinguisher by the bed.
Most people don't know the sound of one of those going off,
or the effects of getting hit in the face by the blast,
though they may know how to react to the blunt end of one
if the previous effects haven't distracted them,
and I can shoot first and ask questions later.

@_date: 2002-01-09 01:07:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks 011202 at Stanford: Anti-Terrorism & Security 
See  for subscription help and
  Cypherpunks meeting announcements from around the world.
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks
January 2002 Physical Meeting Announcement
GENERAL INFO:
   DATE:  Saturday 13 October 2001
   TIME:  1-5 PM (Pacific Time)
  PLACE:  Tressider Student Union
          Stanford University Campus
          Palo Alto, California, USA
Instead of our usual outdoor location, we'll be meeting inside the
coffeehouse adjacent to the courtyard.
"Our agenda is a widely-held secret."
As usual, this is an Open Meeting on US Soil, and everyone's invited.
One of the main topics of discussion will be planning for
March's meeting, which will be on the THIRD Saturday of the month,
just before the RSA tradeshow,  ,
and approximately simultaneous with Codecon
which is Bram's conference about actual running code,
primarily focused on crypto and peer-to-peer applications.
Known foreigners suspected to be in town include Ian Goldberg.
Collateral Damage -
    The Stanford meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our
    outdoor summer meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the
    Stanford University campus (in Palo Alto, California), at the end of
    Santa Theresa, at the tables outside Tressider Union, just west of
    Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We'll meet inside the coffee store adjacent to the courtyard.
    Food/beverages are available at the cafe and mini-market inside.
    Location Maps:
    Tressider Union (overview):
          Tressider Union (zoomed detail view):
          Printable Stanford Map (407k).
          GPS Coordinates: 37d23:40 N 122d04:49 W
If you get lost, or have questions, comments or last-minute agenda
requests, please contact your friendly meeting organizers:
  Dave Del Torto    Cell: +1.415.730.3583
  Bill Stewart     Cell: +1.415.307.7119

@_date: 2002-01-09 09:41:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks 011202 at Stanford:  Corrected - it's January 12, 
Several people have suggested that I shouldn't edit these things
when I'm not awake; sorry about that :-)
See  for corrected Anyway, the meeting is definitely Saturday, January 12, 2002,
at Stanford in the coffeehouse in Tresidder.
And we'll be planning for the February 16th meeting,
which will be during Codecon and just before RSA.
If you get lost, or have questions, comments or last-minute agenda
requests, please contact your friendly meeting organizers:
  Dave Del Torto    Cell: +1.415.730.3583
  Bill Stewart     Cell: +1.415.307.7119

@_date: 2002-01-14 13:56:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: registering Cypherpunks movement ... 
Anybody who's come to the Bay Area Cypherpunks Meetings,
which DDT and I send out announcements for,
can also validate that "organization" is a rather strong term for them :-)
We don't have any officers - so the report becomes the null set.
And some of us belong to religions that forbid making oaths,
while the oaths you'd get from other non-officers are more like
   " I'm not filling out this form"
However, for entertainment, somebody might want to check with the
California Secretary of State to look at the registry of
subversive organizations, which the last section of the law
says is public record and open to inspection.

@_date: 2002-01-15 00:42:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [PLANNING FEB CPUNKS]  Who's going to be in the Bay Area in 
The RSA Conference will be in San Jose the week of Feb 18-22.
As usual, that means a lot of cypherpunks will be in town,
and we move the meeting to whichever weekend works best.
This year, that's Saturday the 16th, and it's Presidents' Day Weekend.
It's also Codecon 2002   , a conference on
peer-to-peer, crypto, and similar applications,
designed for presentations about actual working code.
The conference will be at the DNA Lounge, 375 11th St, San Francisco.
The not-totally-firm plans are to have the cypherpunks meeting
at Codecon on Saturday afternoon (the conference is Friday-Sunday).
Bram (the conference organizer) will probably be able to comp us attendance
(the full conference is $50), but he needs to do a schedule.
Some of the crypto projects being talked about include Cryptomail
and Zooko talking about Mojo Nation derivatives.
Who's going to be in town that weekend?
Would you like to speak at the Cypherpunks meeting,
either as an organized talk or as a works-in-progress session?

@_date: 2002-01-16 22:09:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: When prisoners of war aren't even close. (Was: RE: Rogue  
Also, wasn't bin Laden involved in the previous attempt to
blow up the world trade center, which had the FBI informant helping them?

@_date: 2002-07-03 22:54:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
It can?  I thought that DMA was there to let you avoid
bothering the CPU.  The Alternate NIC card would need to have a
CPU of its own to do a good job of this, but that's not hard.
There's also the difficulty that, while it might be good at DRM,
it might or might not be good at letting users write programs
that are good at security.  It's certainly never been a Microsoft specialty.

@_date: 2002-07-05 23:20:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: We have always been at war with Oceania 
The Indianapolis Star newspaper ran the NYTimes version of this story
with the headline "Drug Peddling Pilots May Get Wings Clipped".
I was assuming it would be about revoking their pilots' licenses
or confiscating their airplanes, but no, it was about
shooting them down and machine-gunning any fleeing passengers,
like they did to the Baptist missionary and her baby last year.
Under Fujimori's dictatorship in Peru, they claim to have shot down
about 25 planes, and some politician made a highly-pleased-with-himself
statement about how it's really discouraged traffickers.
There may be True Believers on the pro-terrorist side,
but cocainistas are in it for money, not ideology -
they're happy to blow up the occasional judge, but they're smart enough
not to try going toe-to-toe with the US military in a shooting war.

@_date: 2002-07-06 10:16:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Smart ID Cards Planned for Sailors to Spot Terrorists 
Bob - This isn't really cryptography-related, and I can't post to DCSB,
but this does seem like Cypherpunks material.
What an outrageous proposal!   Can't sail without some government
fingerprinting you, laser-scanning your eyes, and
throwing you in a huge database?  .
I'd expect the ILO to be socialist - they are a big union after all -
but I wouldn't expect them to be totalitarians.
Sure, it's a way to create a harder-to-avoid union card,
and a way for their biggest customers to be forced to hire their people
by using government pressure to enforce it.  It's also a surveillance
mechanism to let management keep track of sailors they dislike,
prevent politically incorrect people from getting jobs as sailors,
give governments additional control over sailors in port,
private sailors, and refugees who can't afford to travel on airplanes,
and gives large governments an increased excuse to interfere with
high-seas traffic between other countries under the pretense of
checking whether all the sailors are documented.
 From a technology perspective, the interesting paragraph is
         The plans have drawn criticism from seafarer's groups
         concerned that port authorities may insert information in
         so-called ``smart'' identification
         documents without the cardholder's knowledge.
Sure, smart cards with non-user-viewable data can easily have
extra data in them saying the user is a "Communist" or "union organizer"
or did scab labor or is a Muslim or a Jew or a Rastafarian.
And it's easy for port authorities to send copies of sailors' photos
to their local police in case they're wandering around town.
But with the Internet reaching everywhere, either by wire or satellite,
the information doesn't need to be hidden in the card.
The card says that you're "Sailor  so they can look you up
on any website they want - not just the ILO's "paid their union dues"
database, and Interpol's "Never been caught smoking dope" database,
and the shipping companies' "Not a union troublemaker" database",
and the "originally from _this_ country even though they're now American" and Blacknet's databases on "gets in Bar Fights" and "scab laborers".
                         Bill Stewart

@_date: 2002-07-06 12:37:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cracking Dead People's Passwords 
One of the usual arguments for key escrow was always
"what if your employee dies and you can't get his data?"
Secret Sharing techniques are of course a better approach,
or at least storing sealed envelopes in company safes
as a much better approach than pre-broken crypto.
There've been a couple of stories in the press recently
where weak passwords also solved the problem.
One was a radio piece, I think NPR, about one of the companies
in the World Trade Center who'd lost their computer administrators
in the 9/11 attacks.  The remaining employees got together and
started telling stories about their co-workers - their interests,
their family members, where they'd gone on vacation, their dogs' names, etc.
They got most of the passwords.  (It was a piece about modern management
styles, and how in older hierarchical companies there'd be fewer
people who knew the new employees well enough to do that.)
The other was about the loss of the database of the personal
library collection of one of the main linguists studying one of
the two main Norwegian dialects.   It's now been cracked...
RISKS-FORUM Digest 22.13

@_date: 2002-07-06 14:20:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Jonathan Zittrain on data retention, an "awful idea" 
Sigh.  Back when the US Feds were still trying to push Key Escrow on the
National Information Infrastructure, I started research for an April 1 RFC
for the National Information Infrastructure Data Entry Escrow Protocol, and proposed NIIDEEP Information Network Protocol Implementation Government
Standard, NIIDEEPINPIGS.  (Didn't get it finished by April 1 :-)
Because after all, there's no sense escrowing our crypto keys if you
don't also escrow the cyphertext - some of Eric Hughes's talks on
Message Escrow and Data Retention Policies were excellent explanations
of why those was the critical issues.
If the US Feds and Eurocrats would like us to provide them with all of our the existing internet would need to double in size to transport all of it
to the appropriate government data storage facilities, or more than double
if separate copies need to be provided to multiple national governments,
or much more if local governments such as city trade commissions need copies.
Since this is clearly unrealistic, even with the demise of the E-Bone,
transmission will require the use of off-line data transmission technology.
Waiting for approval of new government standards would take too long, and
lose access to valuable data because of the resulting delay of several years,
but there are several existing standards for data storage that can be applies.
My long-lost research had the FIPS (US Federal Information Processing references for several of them, but the current environment requires
the corresponding European standards as well, and I'll need assistance.
But there's also been progress!  RFC 1149 (Avian Carriers) has been though scalable implementation and dual-source requirements may require
genetic reconstruction of the Passenger Pigeon to supplement current carrier species.
Modular methods uses standard data storage formats and separate transmission.
Standards widely supported in the US include Hollerith cards,
1600 bpi 9-track tapes with EBCDIC character sets and fixed block sizes and and ASCII-format punch tape (with country-specific standards for recycled paper content.)
8-inch floppy disks have also been widely used, and support both
CP/M and RT11 file system formats.
Are there corresponding European standards for data storage?
Transmission methods for data storage media include International
Postal Union standards for link layer and addressing formats and pricing,
though I'm not directly familiar with standards for shipping containers
where data encapsulation is required.
                 Thanks;  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2002-07-06 14:36:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Revenge of the WAVEoids: Palladium Clues May Lie In AMD  
Compared to the cost of rewriting Windows to have a infrastructure
that can support real security?  Maybe, but I'm inclined to doubt it,
especially since most of the functions that an off-CPU security
co-processor can successfully perform are low enough performance that
they could be done on a PCI or PCMCIA card, without requiring motherboard I suppose the interesting exception might be playing video,
depending on how you separate functions.
(Obviously the extent of redesign is likely to be much smaller in the
NT-derived Windows versions than the legacy Windows3.1 derivatives that
MS keeps foisting upon consumers.  Perhaps XP Amateur is close enough to
a real operating system for the kernel to be fixable?)

@_date: 2002-07-06 14:49:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: mount filesystem and run a program when hotplugged 
I don't know how to do that, though it certainly sounds like an
invitation for viruses to migrate around on USB keyring sticks.
Is there CDROM autorun code that runs on Linux that could be adapted?

@_date: 2002-07-06 15:59:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
You may not be able to read an Adobe\(tm Brand E-Book\(tm,
but that just means you'll need to buy electronic books from
publishers that don't use that data format - whether it's
raw ascii text or Palm-formatted text or PalmOS DRMware that
you can also view on your PC using an emulator in glorious 160x160-pixel format :-)
Of course, if your PC's home country of Nauru has Software Police
implementing some local equivalent of the DMCA, that emulator
that you need for debugging may be illegal.

@_date: 2002-07-07 13:04:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: maximize best case, worst case, or average case? (TCPA) 
At or about 09:22 AM 07/04/2002 -0700, jamesd at echeque.com replied thusly:
The point was more that the programs were trivial and short,
and Perl was used because it's good for writing short unreadable programs.
There were also LISP implementations in about four lines,
though I don't think anybody got them down to three or two -
but they were much more readable, being basically straightforward
mathematical notations wrapped in lots of parentheses.
However, good crypto and compact Perl both have the advantage that it's
hard to distinguish them from line noise, and thus it's hard to
detect either one....

@_date: 2002-07-07 13:41:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Protection of Ideas 
We also have that in the US, these daya particularly with artists whose medium is television, and in the past lots of WPA stuff, often on gov't The National Endowment for the Arts subsidizes a range of works from
deep, emotionally complex performance art by Karen Finlay to Jesse Helms's black-velvet paintings of Elvis :-)
That's the case today - see Courtney Love's rants.
90% of the artists in the record business don't make money today,
or at least not for more than a couple years of obscurity with
an occasional 15 minutes of fame.  This is somewhat related to the
problem that 90% of everything is crap, but unfortunately there's
not always a close correlation between the two 90%s. :-)
A century ago, music was largely an individual, family, or
social activity, with most paid performers receiving payments for
live performances in front of audiences, though sound recordings and
player pianos were starting to emerge and commercial sheet music
had been around since about the 1840s.  The transformation of their work
from performing live into preparing packaged goods for mass distribution
is a relatively recent thing, and much of it dates from about the 50s
and the adoption of the transistor radio.  Some of it's also the
emergence of CDs as a durable product (since playing vinyl
records is a fundamentally destructive process.)
Feh.  They've already taxed us heavily for decades, not in money but in kind,
by nationalizing the airwaves and parceling them out to the politically There used to be a lot of this - we called it community theater,
and it's still thriving in the socialist community I grew up near.
In the rest of the country, too many people stopped doing that
when they got television.
I agree, and I'd also say that using anti-trust arm-twisting to
forbid Microsoft from bullying manufacturers into implement it
is *also* not a legitimate function of a minimal government.

@_date: 2002-07-07 21:30:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Closed source more secure than open source 
I don't know where *you* develop software, but anywhere I've been or seen
that had QA engineers signing off on non-functional products would
either lead to serious re-education for the engineers or
an internal understanding that the company values ship dates above
capabilities (not that that's unknown in the industry,
and admittedly closed-source development shops are more likely
to have business models that emphasize shipping, but Darwin fixes them.)
One of the purposes of having QA people work without source
is so that they're actually testing documented functions of the product,
rather than testing what the code looks like it can do successfully.
Except for those products that are code designed to be integrated
into other programs, where actual code matters, that modularity is critical.
You test the interfaces, not the innards.  It's still an infinite problem,
but it's much less infinite, and lets you hit what you need.
If the interfaces don't work, you're supposed to figure that out,
though sometimes late-alpha code is known to be missing major pieces --
you usually work around this by writing lots of test drivers.
You're also supposed to find out if there are missing pieces that
somehow escaped the design phase.
White-box testing lets you go beyond that to find subtle nasty bugs
that escaped unit testing and developer code reviews,
and have a better view into holes in the system
that a malicious attacker can break.  It's important for security,
because there are often things you don't find during black-box testing.
A much more serious problem is coders and testers believing that the
design documentation they're working from, if any, reflects what the
system is supposed to do and what it's supposed to not do.
In commercial code with internal testers, you're not supposed to need this.
Obviously, for community-tested code, duplication in code coverage is common,
and one challenge for the open-source business is finding ways to
improve test coverage in volunteer testing, by adding some kind of

@_date: 2002-07-10 10:11:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "to outlaw general purpose computers" 
The big issue tends to be memory rather than CPU speed -
while Linux isn't quite the bloatware that Windows is,
you *really* don't want to run GNOME with the default window manager
on a P66 with 16MB RAM.  Trust me, you don't :-)
Works just fine with TWM or other lightweight window managers.
You also wouldn't want to run current IE / Netscape 6 on it,
though Netscape 4.7x worked fast enough.
If your box can support current PC100 / PC133 SIMMs, you can probably
upgrade it with enough memory to run the newer applications ok,
but the generation of machines with Fast Page Mode 72-pin memory
tends to be limited to 32MB or sometimes less, and 386s tend to be 8MB.

@_date: 2002-07-18 18:29:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Another restriction on technology - cell and cordless  
The laws that established the FCC were just laws -
they're not Supreme Court decisions that are hard to change.
Congress made them, Congress can unmake them, change them, or
replace them with totally different laws.
They're not engraved in stone requiring Constitutional Amendments to fix -
they're written in sand, and if the wind blows the other direction
and 51% of Congress wants to change them, they're changed.
The FCC has limitations on how much *they* can change basic structures
set out in the laws, but the laws give them a lot of flexibility too.
The real stability is that the current regulatory structure
gives big economic advantages to the entrenched players,
so they're going to resist changes that stop favoring them,
while the regulatory bureaucracy gets a lot of power and influence
from giving favors to the big players, so they don't rock the boat either.
Nobody's had a good enough case, and the lawmakers have tended to go along
with the FCC on things like laws against monitoring unencrypted cellphones
(the alternative would have been removing laws and policies that
banned or discouraged encrypted cellphones,
which they didn't want back then, because Commies might use them
or the FBI might have trouble wiretapping cell phones without
getting proper warrants.)
It was a terrible policy and we've suffered from it ever since*.
It's led to the current media oligopolies, with a narrow spectrum
of opinions from the pro-establishment pro-government corporatists,
pernicious policies of political correctness that, while not as
strict today as they were in the 50s, still strongly limit the
kinds of content you see on TV - and all of these were the kinds of things
that the policies were *intended* to do.
Unintended effects of the policies include decades of
restricted access to telecommunications in rural areas
(because the FCC's radio monopolies prevented development
of economical scalable radio-based telephony, which fit just fine with the
FCC's support for wireline telco monopolies.)  This also delayed
practical mobile technology for a decade or two.
Look at the explosion of interest in 802.11 wireless as an example
of what happens when you've got even a small space available
to use by the public rather than the bureaucracy and its friends.
Dave Farber and Gerry Faulhaber have a bunch of papers and a presentation at
There's further discussion at
and a long nice article from the Seattle Times at
The 1934 policies took spectrum that was a commons available to everyone,
seized and nationalized it in the name of "the public", and
turned it into a tool for political patronage.   Competition for use
of the spectrum worked fairly well before that, and it wasn't just
because of the primitive state of technology - Italy did without
radio spectrum licensing through most of the 80s and 90s
(they had an official bureaucracy, but it's greed was exceeded by
its incompetence, so the radio broadcasters started to just ignore it;
this lasted until right-wing media magnate Berlisconi became prime minister.)
Farber and Faulhaber point out that the regulatory environment is
incompetent, inefficient, and unnecessary, and make a good comparison
to the old Soviet GOSPLAN economic central planners;
they argue as engineers as well as economists.
While I disagree with their recommendations (big-bang auction of the
whole spectrum, and let the government bid on some space for unlicensed it couldn't be much worse than the current system.
* In David Brin's recent speech at the Libertarian Party National Convention,
he reminded us all that "FDR was 60 years ago - get over it!" :-)

@_date: 2002-07-23 01:43:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Do we need a national ID plan? 
Of course it would.  That's why we'll probably never have a
National ID Card - we'll just have a driver's license that's
technically enhanced with personal data and biometrics
and forgery resistance and gets used for everything that a
national ID card would be used for if we had such things
(except that kids won't be required to carry them,
unless they want to drive, drink, go to government schools,
or be out after dark, and we'll probably see increased use of
Student ID Cards with pictures, SSNs, and biometrica.)

@_date: 2002-06-09 15:22:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Entertaining Entrapment Email Effort 
Vitas - I hope you're enjoying your stay at the Millenium & Copthorne Hotels,
where you're using the internet service.
You can find all the cracking tools you need for Jane's at 128.11.100.130 and 167.216.248.42.

@_date: 2002-06-22 16:29:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CP meet at H2K2? 
Several people said yes...
You're hereby designated as the
         "Official San Francisco Bay Area Cpunks-Meeting-in-Exile" :-)

@_date: 2002-06-26 01:09:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Terror Reading" 
It's been almost ten years since I was in the Keyport NJ library,
but I'd be surprised if they've computerized their recordkeeping.
If you wanted to see who'd checked out a given book
that was on the shelf, you'd look at the card in the back and
see the library card numbers of the people who'd checked it out,
and they might have had dates as well.  To find which 3 or 4 digit number
corresponded to which person, it'd depend on whether they took their
library card home with them the last time they'd returned books
or left it at the library (mine might still be there?),
and if they currently had books out, it was definitely at the library.
If they took the card home, they had privacy, though the librarian
often did know her regular customers by sight.
They might have computer records for books they got on interlibrary loan,
but that'd be about it - no sense in spending money on computerizing
when old-fashioned card catalogs worked well enough for the speed at
which they acquired books.
On the other hand, any place that does computerize finds it almost as easy
to keep records permanently as not, and it's certainly easier to centralize
records and make them searchable.

@_date: 2002-06-28 09:51:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law.  
[more examples of expensiveness deleted; fibre channel, etc.]
You're not making appropriate technology choices,
so your costs are off by a factor of 5-10.
IDE is just fine, especially in RAID configurations,
because if you're making a scalable system, you can use as many spindles
as you need, and you don't need to run fully mirrored systems - RAID5 is fine.
Almost any technology you get can run 5MB/sec, which is T3 speeds,
so that RAID5 system can keep up with an OC3 with no problem.
Disk drive prices here in the US are about $1/GB for IDE.
The problem is that's about 200 seconds of T3 time, so your 5 100GB drives
will last about a day before you take them offline for tape backup.
The real constraints become how fast you can copy to tape,
i.e. how many tape drives you need to buy, and what fraction of data you keep.
If it's 1%, you can afford it - adding $5/day = $150/month per T3 is just Keeping 10% of the bits - $50/day = $1500/month/T3 -
is a non-trivial fraction of your cost, so you have to go for tape.
Fibre channels are useful for cutting-edge databases on mainframes,
and have the entertaining property that they can go 10-20km,
so you've got more choices for offsite backup, but GigE is fine here.
Make sure you also keep a couple of legacy media devices so you can
give the government the records they want in FIPS-specified formats,
such as Hollerith cards and 9-track tape.....

@_date: 2002-06-28 09:53:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: DOJ proposes US data-rentention law.  
That's especially tacky, considering that NTT bought Verio which
had bought Best which had bought The Little Garden which was the
businessified version of The Little Garden internet co-op which
John Gilmore and Hugh Daniel helped found....

@_date: 2002-06-28 19:12:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Brin 
Bob - I'm not sure if you copied David separately/Bcc on your reply,
and I've dropped Cc:s to some of your lists that I'm not on,
and I missed your original message that David flamed you for
which you're flaming back about, but....
Perhaps I've missed some really critical things the time or two
that I've read "The Transparent Society", or projected too much
liberarian hype into my reading, but to me the big points were
- Moore's Law, etc., will make networked cameras so appallingly cheap
         that that they'll be pretty much universal.  It'll do it to other
         information technologies as well, but the public has an easier time
         understanding what a camera means than a database, so that's the
         one to focus on when you're writing popular science.
- Usual digressions into what Moore's Law and cheap and universal mean,
         and some implications about the realism of expecations of privacy
         that need to be said slowly for people who haven't spent years
         talking about geodesic economies and therefore don't get it (:-)
- Lots of people will be watching you on cameras, either because they
         feel like it, or because they're watching something else
         and it's too much trouble to not watch you at the same time.
         And you'll be watching lots of people or things, for similar reasons,
         and realistically there's not much that'll stop it.
- The government will be watching you, like it or not.
         Brin spends a while discussing the issue of whether we should
         try to stop them from doing so through legislation,
         but basically views it as a lost cause for economic reasons,
         and all the related reasons of power, convenience, control, etc.
         (I don't remember how much time he spent on the "even if they ban
         government from watching you most of the time, they'll always
         give themselves exemptions even if they bother following the rules,
         so just get used to it" issue, but it was there.  Video's too cheap.)
- We might be watching the government, or we might not,
         and the government are the only major group that can easily
         make it hard to watch them, because they can throw you in jail
         if you get in their face, and they've got enough control over
         their actions to make it difficult to watch them.
         THIS IS WHERE WE NEED TO FOCUS AS CITIZENS, because if you don't
         force them to do their work in the sunshine, they won't,
         and because getting them not to watch you is a lost cause.
- Cypherpunks technologies are mostly a lost cause, because
         Bad Guys (mainly the government) will use them to do their bad          whereas they can put cameras in your ceiling to watch you type your passwords,
         hide bugs under your bed (next to the Communists) to listen to the
         conversations you're having on your EnCryptoPhone, etc.
         Making sure the government is maximally watchable is more important,
         and if you say you're allowed to hide your actions,
         they'll make sure they're allowed to hide theirs,
         and they're better at this organized coercion thing than you are.
Perhaps I'm putting words in Brin's mouth, especially about the latter,
but it has seemed to have been the major bone of contention
between Brin and various Cypherpunks.  Meanwhile, Big Brother *is*
increasingly watching us, even if in GeodesicWorld nobody else
has bothered paying enough to watch hi-res videos of most of us very often,
and BB is trying very hard to make himself much less accountable,
because if we can see where George is, we can question him,
and if that happens, the Terrorists Have Won...
         (Meanwhile, the Bush Administration has been promising
         heavy scrutiny of the Worldcom Debacle, if nothing else because
         they're so pleased to have dishonesty from somebody who's
         not in the Oil Business or Military-Industrial Complex for a change.)

@_date: 2002-06-29 13:30:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Sure.  I'd assumed you'd seen his mail; I'm separately forwarding the message
that I'd excerpted, though I don't seem to have most of the other messages
in the thread; archives are at (it's mostly full of spam, because somebody once decided to make a point
about list filtering by subscribing us to all the spam he could find
but there's real content as well; I read the spam-filtered version of the list,
but I'm not aware of an archive of that version.)
You do get occasionally discussed on the list, or at least referred to,
Oh, that'll be interesting - I'll see you there.
One of the cypherpunks arguments is that you'll get a lot more
whistleblowers if they can do so anonymously.

@_date: 2002-05-22 13:42:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NAI pulls out the DMCA stick 
-----BEGIN PGP UNSIGNED MESSAGE----
NAI is trying to sell off the remains of PGP Inc., and rather than try to
get money for a twisted empty shell of a dot-com-era software company,
they're probably hoping to have a less-empty shell by maximizing the
remaining value of "their" "intellectual property".
So yes, it's in Bob's second category of history. :-)
-----BEGIN PGP UNSIGNED MESSAGE----

@_date: 2002-05-30 00:32:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: sources on steganography 
Peter Wayner has a few books that deal with this and related topics.
Search for them on Amazon or wherever.

@_date: 2002-05-31 02:12:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: F.B.I. Given Broad Authority to Monitor the Public 
Maybe I'm missing something fundamental here, but where does
either Ashcroft or Bush have the ability to give the FBI any authority?
The Constitution can give the executive branch authority for things,
or Congress can legislate authority if it's Constitutional,
or the courts can rule that existing statutory or Constitutional
authority extends to some use the executive branch wants to make of it,
or the Commander In Chief can tell the military to do military things
authorized by Congress under declarations of war or other statutes,
but that's not what the politicians and their pet press agencies are saying.
If Ashcroft wants his underlings to monitor the internet,
TCP/IP will let him do lots of things, and Bugs will let him do more,
but if he needs cooperation from ISPs or other online service or
content providers, his choices are either subpoenas or extortion.
And if he wants them to investigate churches, I'd recommend that he
first try being as fundamentalist about the Constitution as he is
about his personal religious views, and see if that leaves him any room
for bothering them.
Which AP was that again, and how long have they been online?  :-)

@_date: 2002-11-03 19:34:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What email encryption is actually in use? 
All of the business email I send from home is encrypted -
not by the mail user agent or mail transfer agent,
but by the VPN I use to reach my work intranet.
If it goes outside the company, it's normally not encrypted.
(Also, non-business email I send when VPN-connected is encrypted,
on the dialup portions, but not past that.)
What would be really nice, and would encrypt a large chunk of
the US's business email, would be for MS Exchange / Outlook mail servers
to adopt STARTTLS for their SMTP services.

@_date: 2002-11-07 13:44:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Amerikan Military: All Your Children Are Belong To Us 
At 09:20 AM 11/07/2002 -0800, our local weapon of mass destruction forwarded:
George HW Bush said he'd be the Education President,
and he certainly was an education.
You just have to parse his statements carefully.
The new Bush isn't as good at grammar, so sometimes he's harder to parse,
but as he says "fool me once, shame on you, um, fool me um,,
can't get fooled again".   He isn't really the same as the old boss,
because the old boss was competent as well as evil...
More seriously, though, it's another example of the difference between
data protected by technology and data protected by laws.
The old Buckley Amendment had some really hard-core protection for
student records, though it probably had holes in it for things like
military recruiting, and the military certainly did use any approach it could
to keep track of potential draftees and potential recruits.
But that's all gone now - it wasn't Constitutionally set in stone,
and most of it probably wasn't directly driven by court orders,
so the legislature can bounce it any time they want,
even if they don't realize what they're signing.

@_date: 2002-11-13 19:13:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Yodels, new anonymous e-currency 
And the other 10% have unsustainable business plans....

@_date: 2002-11-24 15:54:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: stego building 
That, or it's a dot-com that didn't make it,
or an office-space construction that someone hoped to sell to a dot-com
but missed the boom.  There's huge amounts of that in SF.

@_date: 2002-11-26 00:24:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Video Mules: (Was: Re: Psuedo-Private Key (eJazeera) ) 
Because there's no particularly good reason?  :-)
Because you can hide it well enough on your person,
either hidden or else in plain sight disguised as a coat button
or a fake police badge or a  or "Off the Pigs" button?
Because if you're in a situation where there's a real threat of this,
you're probably much better off doing some kind of radio relay
so that the surviving members of your cadre can upload the data,
either plaintext, encrypted, or stegoed?
Mules are trying to transmit atoms, not bits, and if you're
trying to transmit bits, there are lots of ways to transmit bits.
Some of the memory flake formats are really pretty thin and hidable,
though the rotating disk versions aren't as easily concealed.
But if you can do the mechanicals do make memory safely and
recoverably swallowed, you can probably do the mechanicals to
fit a backup storage system in your belt buckle or shoe-phone.

@_date: 2002-11-26 12:08:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: stego building 
That would normally be my guess too, but it's on one of the ones
AT&T shares with Pac Bell - there's 611 Folsom and another on
Post or thereabouts.   But it could be a local-only Pac Bell POP.

@_date: 2002-10-01 16:36:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Real-world steganography 
Traditional digital telephone signalling uses a "robbed-bit" method that
steals the low-order bit from every sixth voice sample to carry information
like whether the line is busy or idle or wants to set up a connection.
(That's why you only get 56kbps and not 64kbps in some US formats,
since it doesn't want to keep track of which low bits got robbed.)
In a sense both of these are steganography, because they're trying to
hide the data channel from the audio listener by being low level noise
in ways that equipment that isn't looking for it won't notice.
That's not really much different from encoding Secret Data in the LSB
of uncompressed graphics or audio - it's about the second-crudest
form of the stuff, and if you think there are Attackers trying to
decide if you're using stego, you need more sophisticated stego -
at minimum, encoding the stegotext so it looks like random noise,
or encoding the stegotext with statistics resembling the
real noise patterns, or whatever.  The definition of "hidden writing"
doesn't specify how hard you tried to hide it or how hard the
Attacker is looking - you need to Bring Your Own Threat Model.
Since I don't speak Audiophile Engineering / Human perceptual modelspeak,
which the paper was written in, I wasn't able to figure out where the
HDCD stuff hides the extra bits.  Are they really there (in the CDROM's
error-correction bits or something)?  It sounded like they were either
saying that they make part-time use of the one LSB bit to somehow encode
the LSB and 4 more bits, which sounded really unlikely given that there
weren't any equations there about the compression models, or else that they
had some perceptual model and were using that to make a better choice of LSB
than a simple 50% cut-off of the A-to-D converter (more absolute distortion,
but better-sounding distortion.)  Or did I miss the implications of the
reference to oversampling and the real difference is that HDCD disks
really have more pixels on the disk with only the LSB different,
so a conventional reader reads it fine but needs the ECC to get the LSB?
A separate question is - "so is there some internet-accessible list of
disks using HDCD, or do I just have to look at the labels for a logo?"

@_date: 2002-10-01 20:41:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: fun w/ the SS & chalk 
Depending on how well-read the security folks are about warchalking,
you can also have fun creating variations on the markings,
adding notes in Cyrillic alphabets, etc.
The Pentagon subway station would be a good spot,
though it's of course likely to be thoroughly over-cameraful.

@_date: 2002-10-02 00:22:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What email encryption is actually in use? 
I'm running Win2000 in "You're Not The Administrator" mode.
Since somebody else is root and I'm not, the fact that
my network admins could eavesdrop on my link traffic
isn't a big deal, especially when they set up my PC's software.
And if I do pretend to trust my machine against some insiders,
I can use SSH, SSL, and PGP to reduce risks from others...
Also, STARTTLS can reduce eavesdropping at Alice's ABC.COM.
If your organization is an ISP, the risks are letting them
handle your email at all (especially with currently proposed
mandatory eavesdropping laws), and STARTTLS provides a
mechanism for direct delivery that isn't as likely to be blocked
by anti-spamming restrictions on port 25.
Now to get some email *clients* using it.
On the other hand, if your recipient is at a big corporation,
they're highly likely to be using a big shared MS Exchange server,
or some standards-based equivalent, so the game's over on that end
before you even start.  Take the STARTTLS and run with it...
Defense in depth is important for real security.
STARTTLS can be a link-encryption solution,
but it can also be part of a layered solution,
and if you don't bother with end-to-end,
it's a really good start, and isolates your risks.
It also offers you some possibility of doing certificate management
to reduce the risk of man-in-the-middle attacks from
outside your organization, and does reduce some traffic analysis.
If your goal is to encrypt 20% of the net by Christmas,
STARTTLS will get a lot closer to that than a perfect system.
Similarly, IPSEC using the shared key "open secret"
would have been a much-faster-deployed form of opportunistic
encryption than the FreeSWAN project's more complex form
that wants some control over DNS that most users don't have.
In the absence of a real Public Key Infrastructure,
neither is totally man-in-the-middle-proof,
so if the Feds are targeting *you* it's clearly not enough,
but reducing mass-quantity fishing expeditions increases
our security and reduces the Echelon potential -
especially if 90% of the encrypted material is
routine corporate email, mailing lists, Usenet drivel, etc.
You can protect most of the path if your firewalls don't interfere,
and more if your recipients' don't.

@_date: 2002-10-05 14:09:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Interesting Hawala Article 
Interpol has an interesting article on Hawala.
It's written from a US-centric perspective,
which unfortunately includes asymmetry in the transactions,
so they miss out on the importance of net settlement
in making correspondent banking systems work,
and it does look at hawala as somewhat of a quaint leftover
from before modern banking systems, rather than understanding
that the roots of European banking systems were the same thing.
And of course, since it's written by Interpol as opposed
to a newspaper or a college economics professor,
its real interest is use in criminal transactions.
But it does give a good picture of part of the hawala system,
some cultural flavor, and some reasons that hawala is popular -
flexibility, speed, lower costs than official banks,
arbitrage around official exchange rates,
and avoidance of regulations that inhibit transactions.
It's a worthwhile read.

@_date: 2002-10-06 08:42:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: JYA ping 
Lots of machines don't accept pings anymore,
either for security reasons or whatever.
That's independent of whether those names accept email,
or whether you can find MX records for them.
In particular, most big ISPs have multiple machines
accepting mail; if you wanted to ping, you'd have to try
box1.bigisp.com, box2.bigisp.com, box3.bigisp.com, ...
Pipeline was in the big-ISP business, and I suspect
they've been eaten enough times that pipeline is just
an alias on a big email server farm.

@_date: 2002-10-07 00:04:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Why is a Georgia Tech machine the nameserver for 
Somebody wrote to the cypherpunks list:
Very strange.
Pipeline has a bunch of MX records, mx01.pipeline.com etc., which we expected.
Pinging mx12.pipeline.com works fine.
 is  which is no surprise.
What's strange is that there are three nameservers for pipeline.com,
at least according to the nslookup that I did.
Two of them are itchy and scratchy.mindspring.net, which sound reasonable,
but the first one is burdell.cc.gatech.edu.
Burdell accepts pings, smtp, and DNS queries, but not telnet or http.
postmaster at burdell does expand, and is running procmail....

@_date: 2002-10-07 13:43:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [OT Canute] Re: [LINK] [Fwd: Interesting KPMG report on 
namics.com>
As Peter points out, Canute actually did have the clue that the
record companies don't.
One place I lived in New Jersey was in Sea Bright, which is a
sand bar just south of Sandy Hook beach.  Two hundred years ago,
it was an island, and it's trying to become an island again.
The Army Core of Engineers, however, keeps trying to tell the
tides to stop, primarily by pouring a few million dollars worth of cement
into the sea wall and road foundations every decade or so.
In some sense, it may be worthwhile, since the value of the houses
that they're protecting is higher than that, but while I knew I was renting
the house I was living in, some of my neighbors their thought they owned
something other than a bit of drifting sand.
Perhaps the record companies need to see what equivalents of
pilings or surfboards they can find for their business models.

@_date: 2002-10-08 18:09:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: AF developing DEA Wiretap Echelon-like Development Projects 
The following web page is about recent projects at the
Air Force Research Laboratory.  Item 8 is about new wiretap technology,
designed to monitor large numbers of conversations for drug activity.
The accompanying artwork has a large and small version of a
wiretapper logo, which should be possible to abuse for something :-)
Google cache: Wiretapper Logo: The Information Directorate's Multisensor Exploitation Branch and Research Associates for Defense Conversion (RADC) jointly developed, tested, and demonstrated an experimental model capability that automatically extracts information from telephone background sounds and conversational speech to identify drug networks and the participants. The work, sponsored by the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA), addresses the problem of monitoring large numbers of telephone conversations for drug activity, while protecting the privacy of citizens in accordance with wiretap laws.
The capability called Automated Title Three Audio Correlation (ATTAC) makes it possible to automatically segment and flag drug- related activity and identify its participants without understanding the message content of the conversation. A background sound recognizer technology identifies sounds, such as dial tone, number dialed, ringing, and other sounds, while a Vector Quantization speaker-recognition technology identifies the persons involved in the conversations.
The DEA and RADC collected a database of conversations through 74 individuals who made over 1300 calls from cellular phones, and office phones, and who used message machines. The results in identifying the participants in conversational speech varied widely. DEA and RADC technicians obtained good results (90%) when individuals used the same phones; however, when the same individuals used different phones, the performance could drop to as low as 55%.
The directorate is conducting research work to improve recognition across multiple phone types. Although the directorate developed ATTAC for DEA use, the technology developed advances the state-of-the-art in speaker segmentation and in information extraction for the Air Force intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance mission. (Mr. S. E. Smith, AFRL/IFEC, (315) 330-7894)

@_date: 2002-10-08 18:45:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Trojan-modified Sendmail floating around - 8.12.6 - Since Sept. 
Somebody backdoored the source code for Sendmail on the official server.
So if you recompile from scratch, your sendmail is 0wned.
Another reason not to run mail systems as root....
By  Robert Lemos
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
October 8, 2002, 5:57 PM PT
Some copies of a popular mail-server program are implanted with a back door that could allow access to Internet attackers, security experts warned Tuesday.
A Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) Coordination Center advisory said that illicit code added to the Sendmail package creates a back door when the program is compiled from its source code. Such a compromised program--called a Trojan horse by security experts--can leave networks exposed to attack and administrators unaware of the vulnerabilities.
The source code files of Sendmail 8.12.6 were apparently modified as far back as Sept. 28, according to the advisory. The Sendmail Consortium   removed file transfer protocol (FTP) access to the server on Sunday. A safe version of the file can still be downloaded via the Web.
"If you download the Sendmail distribution you MUST verify the PGP signature," stated the consortium on its site. "Do NOT use Sendmail without verifying the integrity of the source code."
The added code links to a specific server on the Internet, said CERT in its advisory. The security group also recommends that anyone who downloads Sendmail verify the file's integrity.
Because only the act of compiling the file activates the hostile program code, restarting the Sendmail server seems to deactivate the backdoor

@_date: 2002-10-11 17:59:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Durden lies, was: Echelon-like resources.. 
But that's just the kind of thing Ramsey Clark would say.
Not Ramsey Clark in his position as spokescritter for the
military-industrial complex explaining how great the US is,
but Ramsey Clark the well-known leftist critic of US policy
describing what he thinks US policy has been.
As opposed to Linus Torvalds's followers talking about
their objectives for World Domination :-)

@_date: 2002-10-12 19:36:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: was: Echelon-like resources.. 
If so, that's gross incompetence on the part of the US military,
since the official rationale for why we were cruise-missiling it
was that we were trying to kill Osama bin Laden after the
bombing of the US embassies that he allegedly masterminded.
Chomsky said that?  That's appalling...

@_date: 2002-10-16 17:46:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: One time pads and Quantum Computers 
Yeah.  What we have to do for that is start thinking about ways
to apply Kerberos and similar technologies to real-world problems
besides the inside-an-organization ones they were originally designed for.
 > David E. Weekly[SMTP:david at weekly.org]
OTPs won't help a bit for that problem.
They're fine for transmitting new data if you've already sent a pad,
but they're useless for storing secrets, because you can only decrypt
something if you've got the pad around, and you have to burn the pad after Storing the encrypted secret message on your regular computers
while keeping the pad locked up in the safe is unlikely to be
any more convenient than keeping the plaintext locked up in the safe.
I suppose you could secret-share a one-time-pad,
but you could just as easily secret-share the secret message.

@_date: 2002-10-16 22:59:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: One time pads 
The speed of quantum computing depends on the algorithm -
it's generally believed that for some problems, like factoring,
you can hypothetically get a hypothetically-precise-enough
quantum computer to resolve in polynomial time instead of exponential,
subject to a variety of caveats I don't pretend to understand,
but for many other problems they're only cutting the
effective number of bits in half (which is still exponentially
faster than brute-force, but not *enough* exponentially faster),
and for other problems they may not be a match at all.
So Peter Trei's assertion that it's really only a big impact
on asymmetric cryptosystems, and a much smaller impact on symmetric,
is one layer deeper description than yours,
and it's something that does still leave us with practical ways
to use cryptography that don't include briefcases and handcuffs.
Myself, I'd rather hang out at Delphi waiting for the
stoned babe to give out the correct answers....  :-)
         ("If you use the right key, a great kingdom will fall...")

@_date: 2002-10-17 18:08:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: One time pads 
Cute.  Is it available?
How do you prevent other applications from reading the file off your
USB disk, either while your application is using it or some other time?
That's one of the big differences between a computerized OTP
and a Dead Trees (or Dead Silkworms) OTP, which is much harder for
someone or something else to read without you noticing.
Since you say that "Used bits are securely deleted",
does your application distinguish between using the pad to encrypt
and using the pad to decrypt (which are basically the same thing,
except for destroying the key bits the second time)?
Landon Noll has done some interesting work taking a cheap PC camera
and keeping it in the dark.  The CCDs try to adjust, and you get noise.
Rather than compressing 8:1 using byte parity,
I'd recommend using a hash function, such as MD5 or SHA,
which means that every bit of the input can tweak any bit of the output.
That's the Bic Pen model of "you'll lose it before you use it up" :-)
If you're using it strictly for session key exchange,
that's a lot of sessions (unless you're a big web or email server.)
If you're using it for message encryption, it's obviously not much.

@_date: 2002-10-18 01:05:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: One time pads 
I don't mean the disk - there are lots of those.
I mean your software.
Also, can your tool use floppies instead of USB keys?
There are problems with KGB-quality attackers recovering overwritten data
which are probably much more serious for disks than flash rom,
but they're nearly universal and good shredders work well on them.
USB key disks look like an obvious target for eavesdropping in general.
(They're also the best medium for re-inventing the floppy-disk virus:-)
You need to use each bit twice - once to encrypt, and once to decrypt.
Destroying them after the first use is a bad idea....

@_date: 2002-10-18 21:19:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: One time pads 
Of course.  But without quantum computing, you can do computations on
your basic cheap computers that are secure against crackers for the
expected remaining life of the universe, so your threat models are
much more controllable.  Obviously you still need to worry about tempest,
computer viruses, cameras in the ceiling, and rubber hose cryptanalysis,
but threat models that just involve someone intercepting your message
aren't a problem.
Quantum computing is the one thing that anybody's thought of that
has a mathematically possible chance of breaking that.

@_date: 2002-10-20 11:49:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Finland considering new internet speech restrictions 
I had trouble the first time I used the link, but it's also in
 dated October 17th.
Helsingin Sanomat is published on the web in English.
There was a bombing at a mall in Finland last week,
with seven people killed, including the suspected bomber,
a 19-year-old chemistry student, who frequented a message board
"Forum for Home Chemistry".  The 17-year-old moderator of the board
was arrested for a couple of days, but then released.
Some more excerpts from Helsinkin Sanomat:
The Constitutional Law Committee heard from various internet experts during its meeting on Wednesday. After the meeting, committee Chairwoman Paula Kokkonen was not willing to comment on whether something should be done differently by the committee because of the Myyrmanni incident.
The question of whether or not internet chatrooms and message boards are, by definition, publications, is still in the open.
Centre Party MP Johannes Leppdnen, a member of the Constitutional Law Committee, commented that it is now necessary to ponder if incidents such as the Myyrmanni bombing could be prevented with more careful monitoring.     "However, I hope that a momentary situation is not taken advantage of in a way that would limit some fundamental rights", Leppdnen stated. He also pointed out that the question of internet supervision has not been solved anywhere else either, nor has the question of responsibility for online information.     The new law on freedom of speech will not reach a plenary session of Parliament until some time next year. The goal is for the law to take effect next autumn.

@_date: 2002-10-24 00:58:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: One of Brinworld's uglier moments, no rights for immies 
If this were Brinworld, the two victims would have a video
safely offsite somewhere made by their Rodney King shoulder cameras,
and the cops would be getting the week off without pay for rudeness.
If this were Brin-dystopia, the cop car would have a camera,
and once the first cop looked up the license plate and
saw that there were two non-Anglo people in the generic-looking van,
he'd let his partner know to leave his jacket over the camera
when he got out of the car so they could beat them up.

@_date: 2002-10-27 13:09:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FC: Privacy villain of the week: DARPA's gait surveillance 
[Sorry about any duplicated - lne.com spam-blocked me the first time.]
 >Advent of another technology wide deployment of which we must delay as
 >long as possible. ...
 >Unfortunately, brinistas welcome this development because they idiotically
 >assume that the technology enables symmetrically, or even assymentrically
 >in favour of the governed vs. the government. Their arguments sound
 >superficially convincing to those unfamiliar with the political process
 >and the logics of power flow. This is the reason they're doing the wrong
 >thing for the right reasons. Supply the missing part of the argument
 >whenever you see Brinworld meme propagating.
Sigh.  If people are going to beat up on BrinWorld, at least they
should get it right.  Brin's Transparent Society stuff makes two points
- Cameras, networks and similar technology are going to keep getting cheaper,
          so you're going to lose your privacy.  Give up on that now.
- Governments _are_ going to take advantage of this, like it or not,
          so what the public has to do is make sure that we're allowed to
          watch the government as well.
Brin may be naively optimistic about our ability to succeed on the second part,
but he's spot on about the asymmetry of power relationships,
and he's constantly making the point that we can only watch the government
if we force them to let us watch - the alternative is that they'll be
watching us and we won't be watching them.
Delaying technology?  It's easier to do on stuff that doesn't work well,
and it sounds like this doesn't - perhaps the way to do it is to
deflect the research away from surveillance into medical directions;
since Darpa's funding it, get them to look at how to help soldiers carry
heavy backpacks safely or spooks to carry dead bodies safely or whatever.

@_date: 2002-09-04 22:17:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: all your greeks are belong to us 
Appears not to be, at least if you can believe "The Register".
I can't tell if "operation of games", as defined under Greek law,
refers to anybody playing the game, or is more technically defined as
"running a business that provides game-playing opportunities to customers",
or if the term "gaming" is the more general term for playing games
or is a euphemism for "gambling", as it is in the US gaming industry.
Foosball appears to still be legal, if nobody bets on it,
but pinball machines are usually electromechanical so they're banned.
And, of course, "Zero Wing", the source of
"All your base are belong to us" is obviously banned.
It's either time to start mailing those poor oppressed Greeks
copies of nethack and URLs for file:\\windows\System32\sol.exe
or else to use this as an excuse to ban Microsoft from Greece,
whichever is a sillier opportunity to insult the politicians.
Of course, there are other places with stupid laws as well;
I've heard that in parts of the US, cannabis plants aren't allowed to grow,
but I've seen no evidence that Nature pays attention :-)

@_date: 2002-09-26 22:50:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Satirewire: HACKERS BEG BORING PEOPLE TO STOP ENCRYPTING EMAI 
HACKERS BEG BORING PEOPLE TO STOP ENCRYPTING EMAIL
Security Experts Concur Most of You Have Nothing Worth Encrypting Anyway
San Jose, Calif. (SatireWire.com) 
In an unusual worldwide appeal, the International Brotherhood of
Computer Hackers today asked particularly boring people
to please stop encrypting their emails.
    		Cracking messages like this are a waste
    		of valuable hacker time, say hackers.
According to IBCH President Bjvrn Haxor, hackers spend thousands of hours intercepting and cracking open encrypted emails  believing it to be "the good stuff"  only to find most contain little more than "Two priests walk into a bar," or "Hi Bob, here's my new email address."
"Maybe you think hacking coded messages is simple, but it's not  well, except for the Microsoft Outlook ones," said Haxor. "The rest of it is a pain in the backdoor. So here's a tip: if you encrypt just because you want to keep your personal information 'secret,' but all you're encrypting is blather about your stupid promotion or a recipe for fruit salad, guess what? Your secret's already out. You're dull."

@_date: 2002-09-28 09:47:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What good are smartcard readers for PCs 
You don't need to do that - just require that all the possible
copyright-infringement media, such as paper and cdroms,
have a stamp on them as a receipt for the copyright tax.
Oh, wait, I suppose that's been done before....

@_date: 2003-04-04 17:10:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Logging of Web Usage 
Also, until recently, there was the problem that storing a hash value
for every IP address took 8-10 bytes * 2**32, and the resulting 32-40GB
was an annoyingly large storage quantity, requiring a deck of Exabyte tapes
or corporate-budget quantities of disk drive, which also meant that
sorting the results was also awkward.  These days, disk drive prices
are $1/GB at Fry's for 3.5" IDE drives, so there's no reason not to have
120GB on your desk top.
This does mean that if you're keeping hashed logs you should probably
use some sort of keyed hash - even if you don't change the keys often,
you've at least prevented pre-computed dictionary attacks over the
entire IPv4 address space, and the key should be long enough (e.g. 128 bit)
so that dictionary attacks on the "IP addresses of Usual Suspects"
also can't be precomputed.
A related question is keeping lists of public information,
e.g. don't-spam lists, in some form that isn't readily abusable,
such as hashed addresses.  The possible namespace there is much larger,
but the actual namespace isn't likely to be more than a couple of billion,
in spite of the number of spammers selling their lists of 9 billion names.
There's the question of how exact a match do you need -
if mail is for alice+tag1 at example.com, you'd ideally like to be able to check
alice+tag1 at example.com, alice at example.com, and which makes the lookup process more complex.

@_date: 2003-04-09 00:20:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Swiss ISPs Required to Log and Store Email for Six Months 
SWISS ISPS MUST LOG AND STORE CONSUMERS' EMAIL DATA
As of April 1, Swiss ISPs will have to keep a log for six
months of all the emails sent by their customers.  Experts
criticize the measure, saying it will be both difficult and
costly to implement.
The law was passed in January 2002, and ISPs had until April 1 to implement.
Does anybody know if this only applies to email providers,
or exactly what kinds of email providers,
or if it also requires ISPs who provide IP transport to eavesdrop it?
What about businesses providing email for their employees and other users?
How much of the Swiss email business will be driven out of the country,
either to US email providers or European providers like Wanadoo and Tiscali?
And does anybody know if they have to keep _all_ the spam?
Or is keeping one copy of each enough?
Or can they give their customers _some_ privacy protection by
always giving the authorities all of the spam in addition to
whatever they really wanted?

@_date: 2003-04-09 11:26:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
He may have snorted one plane-load of that coke, but this is the first time I've heard an assertion that he flew the planes as opposed to just getting

@_date: 2003-04-09 11:38:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Trusted Computing Group trying to be TCPA follow-on [eetimes] 
New group aims to secure PCs, PDAs, cell phones
By Rick Merritt, EE Times
April 8, 2003 (2:20 p.m. EST)
URL: SAN MATEO, Calif.  Fifteen companies announced Tuesday [April 8] they have formed the Trusted Computing Group, an industry initiative to define and promote a specification for security in PCs, servers, PDAs and cellphones.
The group essentially reboots the efforts of the now-disbanded PC-centric Trusted Computing Platform Alliance (TCPA), this time including participation from Nokia and consumer electronics companies such as Sony and Philips.
The Trusted Computing Group (TCG) expects to release a specification for PC security before the end of the year. A spec for cell phones, however, could be as much as two years away.
Founding members of the TCG are carryovers from the earlier 190-member TCPA effort. They include AMD, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Intel and Microsoft. Contributing members include Atmel, Infineon, National Semiconductor, Nokia, Philips, Phoenix Technologies, Sony, ST Microelectronics, VeriSign and Wave Systems.
The TCPA defined a trusted platform module (TPM), a basic device with encryption and secure memory capabilities to oversee PC security. However the TPM 1.1 chips now shipping from companies such as Atmel, Infineon and National Semiconductor have not been widely adopted to date and do not conform to concepts for a secure PC execution mode recently defined by Microsoft under a program it called Palladium.
The TCG is defining a specification for a 1.2 version TPM and a software stack that will work with the Palladium architecture Microsoft developed in collaboration with Intel Corp. and Advanced Micro Devices. Microsoft will detail this approach publicly for the first time at the Windows Hardware Engineering Conference in May.
Microsoft's implementation, which it now calls the Next Generation Secure Computing Base (NGSCB), will require new logic in several PC components including processors, chip sets, graphics processors and I/O devices. Indeed, the concept for a secure operating mode is so broad Microsoft will devote an entire track at WinHEC  about 18 hours of content  to describing it.
Microsoft has not said, however, when it will ship software that complies with NGSCB. Industry watchers expect that code will appear late next year or early in 2005 in the next major version of Windows, dubbed Longhorn.
The security scheme will work in conjunction with processor functions Intel Corp. calls Le Grande Technology and has embedded in its next-generation Pentium processor dubbed Prescott, expected to ship later this year. AMD will also support the PC security concepts in its processors though it has not indicated when.
The TPM 1.2 modules will include a new session encryption interface and secure state counters that prevent replay security attacks, said Stephen Heil, a technical evangelist for security at Microsoft. The TCG has separate working groups defining those modules, a security software stack and particular needs for both servers and PDAs. The TCG is about to launch a working group to define a specification for secure cellphones, an effort that could take 18 to 24 months. Nokia is expected to be a key contributor to that group in addition to other members still being recruited by the TCG.
I would expect to see our membership broaden to include many of the players required for that effort, said Geoffrey Strongin, a security specialist at AMD.
Jim Ward, chair of TCG and a security specialist with IBM, said the group would like to create other specifications for platforms such as set-top boxes and video game consoles though no active efforts are currently underway. We are looking to develop a broad specification that can be used by a broad set of products, he said.
The industry is coming together, said John Hull, director of marketing for advanced PC products at National Semiconductor.
We are thoroughly convinced that the future of the PC rests on three legs: networking, security and manageability. You will have to have all three to play in PCs going forward, he added.
Hull said he expects TPM module makers will update their products to comply with the new security spec when Prescott processors roll out this fall. Further in the future, the modules could be integrated into existing PC components such as SuperI/O parts that provide legacy support for serial, parallel, keyboard and floppy controllers.
IBM is about the only company in production with systems using the [standalone] TPM 1.1 devices as far as I know, said Hull.
Ward said IBM has shipped millions of TPM devices in its PC systems. An HP spokesman said the company has not yet shipped systems with the modules which typically cost about $5.
We have to increase the rate of adoption. That's why integration with Super I/O makes a lot of sense. We think this will be a checkbox item going forward, Hull added.
As a legally incorporated group, the TCG will enforce reasonable and non-discriminatory licensing of any intellectual property in the spec and define a mechanism to certify compliance to it. The group is also expected to take a more pro-active approach than its predecessor to addressing controversial issues about privacy and digital rights raised by the PC security effort.

@_date: 2003-04-09 14:00:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Intel planning to use Wave TCPA. 
There's also another article on TCPA at  Intel confirms future PC products to use Wave TCPA
The bouncer at the Trusted Computing ball turns up again
By Mike Magee: Monday 07 April 2003, 14:44
THE COMPANY that showed off its Trust Suite products at the Intel Developer Forum in February now indeed has the backing of the chip giant.
Wave said it will demo its Embassy Trust Suite apps across different "trusted" computer types at the RSA Security 2003 trade show, which starts mid April.
Intel is giving the imprimature to Wave using its Trusted Platform Module (TPM), which we've dealt with at some length in another article today.
TPM  claims Intel  is a "root of trust" semiconductor device, otherwise known as Fritz. Wave and Intel will show the Document Manager app on three systems, with a digitally signed document "signed" and then archived by each of the "trusted" platforms.
An Intel representative said that it was important "that OEMs and the industry in general... deliver these TPM services.. that will be deployed over the next few years". Nancy Sumrall, who is the "safer computing initiative manager" of the desktop division at Intel "bring a whole new level of value to the PC platform".
Meanwhile, Wave claimed it will be the first company to deliver interoperable and secure PC services on the industry's "leading trusted The TCPA compliant solution and the suite will also be shown at the RSA conference, Wave said. 5
See Also

@_date: 2003-04-09 19:23:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Song Air - Delta Launches 'Low Cost' Privacy Invading 
So is their corporate mascot a Stool Pigeon?
Delta Air Lines is launching a new 'low cost' carrier called 'Song'.
Song ( will use the same reservation system as Delta,
earning it the disdain of all Americans who believe in the US Constitution.
Song (and Delta) is collaborating in a test of the CAPPS II system, an
invasive and un-American program that forces citizens to undergo a
background investigation that includes personal banking information and a
credit check simply to travel in his or her own country.
 has been launched to punish Song for its
participation.  The site is affiliated with  .
The CAPPS II system goes far beyond what any thinking citizen of this
country should consider reasonable.
Boycott Delta.  Boycott Song.  The democracy you save may be your own.
Boycott Delta Press/Analyst Contact:  Bill Scannell (tel: 1-650-787-8708)

@_date: 2003-04-09 23:09:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Lone terrorist" bill 
The trade embargo and immigration and travel limitations have been an
amazingly well-organized method of keeping Castro in power for 40 years.
Soviet control of East Germany fell partly because people
didn't want it any more, and partly because everybody figured out
they could just go on vacation and not come back until the regime was gone.
The Coast Guard use of military force to stop refugees is
a crime against humanity.  If we wanted to get the Cubans to choose capitalism,
allowing trade, US tourism, and import of cheap televisions would
take down the Castro regime rapidly.
                 "Lone Terrorist" Bill

@_date: 2003-04-10 03:29:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: SF Cypherpunks Meeting, Saturday 4/12, Moscone Center 
The San Francisco Bay Area Cypherpunks will be meeting
Saturday, April 12, 2003, from 1-5pm.
The meeting will be in Moscone Center North, Room 112.
The RSA show starts Sunday, so people from all over will be around.
Agenda:  Our agenda, as ever, is a tightly held secret :-)
This is an open public meeting on US soil.
Logistics - You'll need to go to registration to get day passes,
because it's a show floor setup day.
I'll try to make sure there are signs, and that the processes work.
Kellie Beakey is the person at registration who coordinates them.
They might want people to sign in (so think of creative aliases!)
but I will try to make this not happen.
Directions: Moscone Center is at 3rd-4th St. and Howard.
Moscone Center North is the side closer to Market St.,
adjacent to the Sony Metreon (which has coffee and food court.)
- BART stops at Powell, which is near 4th and Market, about 3 blocks away.
- Muni busses run down 4th St. from Market
- Caltrain is still doing weekend construction, but they claim to run busses.
         The Caltrain depot is 4th and Townsend, and Muni busses go back up Bill Stewart - bill.stewart at pobox.com - cell phone +1-415-307-7119

@_date: 2003-04-12 01:21:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Metaswitch cleared by FBI for spying 
> > ALAMEDA, Calif. -- MetaSwitch, supplier of the VP3500, the industry's  > > true Next Generation Class 5 Switch, announced today that it has completed
 > > an extensive review with the FBI, which demonstrates that the MetaSwitch
 > > CALEA specification meets the J-STD-025A standard for circuit switching equipment.
 > What's the chance to amend the H.323 specs with end-to-end encryption,
 > and/or make publicly available design of phone switching system built on
 > fully open designs, something that the user can audit and amend, something
 > over which nobody but the user has the control?
 > Or did I smoked one puff too much?
Smoke away - the situation is both better and worse than you think :-)
H.323 isn't quite dead, but the impressions I've gotten before and at
the recent Voice On The Net conference are that SIP is pretty much taking over,
and H.323 is at least resting and pining for the fjords,
even if nobody's nailed its feet to the perch yet.
And some people have addressed encryption issues with SIP, though I'm not
sure of the exact standards status.
H.323 looks a lot like some of the ISDN protocols -
designed by people who didn't really have a clue about how to make things
work well on the Internet, but who did like complex and ugly features.
SIP isn't perfect, and it apparently has some issues with NAT,
but it's a fairly well-behaved Internet-like standard,
and there was a lot of work done to make things extensible and modular
and let services be provided by networks of servers rather than monoliths.
While H.323 is ugly and doomed, it can be used for direct user-to-user calls,
and Microsoft did everybody a major favor a few years ago with Netmeeting,
which does H.323 for audio, video, and shared whiteboarding, for free,
and while it doesn't do conferencing well, it's quite usable for person-to-person calls
as long as there's no NAT in the way and everybody runs it,
plus it can use an IIS server for tracking who's on.
And you can run it over IPSEC, though there's usually overhead.
The basic problem SIP tries to solve is to have some method of tracking
user presence, and telling users who want to talk to each other how to reach
the others systems, with a bunch of optional extra activities like multi-person calls.
(If that sounds like what H.323 does, yes, that's true,
but H.323 feels like it was designed by someone much worse at programming
than Microsoft, vs. solving the same problems on Unix.)
If all you wanted to do was let SIP users talk to other SIP users,
this would be pretty simple, but that's not the main market -
real systems need to talk to existing phone networks as well,
and they need to provide many of the standard business features like voicemail
and different types of conferencing, and those add lots of complexity.
The two main environments this can run in are PBXs (phone switch on
customer premises, run by the customer, getting some long-haul from a carrier)
and Phone Companies, either local or long distance, who own the
old phone infrastructure, may have better economies of scale,
and often provide Internet service as well as telephony.
IP telephony has lots of ways to build hybrids, and economies of scale
matter a lot less in a Stupid Network with the control functions
happening on glorified PCs than they did with 1960s phone switches.
 From the perspective of a Phone Company, the hardest problems with
the emerging IP telephony market involve figuring out how to make money
while the whole industry is collapsing around us (:-),  and some of those
methods involve finding new and innovative features that we can provide
slightly better than other ISPs because we have a hundred years of experience.
(Yes, I realize that the hundred years of experience involves lots of
dead weight and useless baggage :-)
One of the annoying pieces of baggage that phone companies have in many
countries is regulation, and in the US, that includes the CALEA wiretapping which apply to us and don't appear to apply to
businesses providing their own phone service using equipment they buy from
hardware and software vendors like Cisco and MS, or to those vendors.
This annoying baggage not only shows up when we plan consumer telephony which is mostly in the future, it also shows up when we reply to RFPs from
businesses that want people to manage their telephone systems for them.
It is not only annoying because it's an offensive invasion of privacy,
it's annoying because it's really hard to implement well in an evolving tech environment,
and it's annoying because we and some of our competitors have to do it
while others of our competitors don't have to.
But in a SIP world, there's not much difference between a wiretap
and a conference call where one party is on mute, and it's
really really easy to build fancy calling features like conferencing.
At Voice On The Net last week, our development people were demonstrating
interesting systems like "You're on a phone call at your office, and you want
to go home but the people you're talking to won't shut up,
so you tell your phone to conference in your cellphone,
which connects in silently without losing anybody from the call, and you drive home,
and when you get there you press keys on your analog cellphone to tell the
call that you now want it to switch to the software phone on your PC,
and tell the popup window on your PC that you also want the call to play
on the speaker in the kitchen while you get yourself a beer".
Another generic kind of demo they did was follow-me numbers -
the Centrex knows that when you get a call (IP or old-style),
it should first try ringing your desk and your lab phone simultaneously
and if you don't answer at either of those, try your cell phone if
it's before midnight or the caller is on your buddy list.
Letting the FBI join in on your call isn't too hard,
if they can tell the call control system what to do - the hardest part is
finding a way to let all the different kinds of phones Not Warn The User,
since most phones are really just software, and the software writers like to
add features like "Hey, Bob just joined your conference, do you want to send
him the draft of the memo, and do you want to add in his video?"
and "Find who's using Music-on-Hold and delete their MP3 collection".
It's somewhat different for two-party pure-SIP calls, which can go while some of the more complex call types run the voice bits through
the call manager or conference bridge so it has a handle to build things with,
but of course the calls can often be moved between those environments.
 has a nice list of
SIP phones (software and hardware, including free software.)
Grandstream makes a nice $75 SIP phone as well.
There's a lot of other open source telephony work, much of it
sponsored by hardware vendors trying to facilitate their sales.  Google.
You can take SIP or H.323 and run them through IPSEC tunnels,
but there turn out to be some annoying inefficiencies -
the IP and RTP headers take up a lot of space, often turning 8kbps
compressed voice into about 22-24kbps.  You can run compressed headers
(cRTP is sort of like the old cslip), cutting it down to 11-12kbps,
but only over raw Layer 2 transport, not over IPSEC, which also adds headers.
It's cleaner to do the crypto along with the voice compression,
and the SIP standards support that (but I don't know how many people use it),
though of course anything the SIP helps to set up, the SIP can set up wiretaps for.
The other piece of really annoying telco regulation baggage is 911
(emergency telephone service, which some of you non-US folks dial 999 for.)
Unlike wiretapping, which is inherently offensive, this part is mainly
annoying because it's a hard problem, and regulations can make it
impossible for telcos to bid on projects without solving it,
plus it's something that customers actually want, unlike wiretapping.
With Real Telco Telephones, the phone number tells you what building
a phone is in, so 911 can send the fire truck to the right building.
With IP telephones, the gateway to the phone company might not be
on the same side of the continent as the phone, so calling the local fire is a bad idea, and you can plug your phone in anywhere (if it's hardware)
or run your phone software from any PC, maybe over a VPN,
so your phone number isn't always in the _same_ wrong place.
Some of the IP PBX makers have crude hacks for the problem, but it's hard.

@_date: 2003-04-12 01:35:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Looting of museums, banks, shops, factories--South Central 
The Brits did a nice PR spin on some of this - BBC reports that
in some town in Southern Iraq, where the secular Baath Party hasn't let the
Shiitte muezzin do the public call to prayer for 15 years,
the British army has set up a PA system, and
made sure they have the religious freedom for the call to prayer again.
In Basra, it's a similar story, though in that case the mosque building
was destroyed in the 1991 bombing, but Shiite prayers have been banned
for more like 30 years, according to the IHT.

@_date: 2003-04-12 01:55:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: People converting to the winning side... 
My neighbor has been flying a flag on our shared balcony for a couple of years (aargh...)  He's a retired pilot, who when he was young was in the Navy; his job was to fly bombers off aircraft carriers and drop nukes on targets, which he said he wouldn't do now.  When the war started, I asked him to take it down.  He agreed to take it down in a week, unless there were WMDs used in the US, but that it was expressing his concern for the soldiers over there, and also told me that his wife was strongly against the war, and what he'd done in the Navy.  A couple days later the flag was down, and he'd said that he'd decided that Bush was lying about all this WMD stuff.
On the other hand, at least from what's in the news,
the number of Iraqis killed in this war has been pretty low
( estimates 1100-1400),
which is probably pretty close to the number of people killed
by dictatorships and other evil governments that the US is supporting,
and it's only 4-5 times the number of people Bush had killed as governor of More to the point, it's less than the average death rate that the
UN estimates has been caused by the destruction of the water supplies
in the last war and subsequent embargo (about 100K/year.)
So if getting rid of Saddam leads the US to rebuilding Iraq for PR reasons,
or at least gets rid of the embargo and lets the Iraqis rebuild,
things may get better.  (On the other hand, after the war's over,
we'll probably find that there were a lot more deaths,
mainly in bombed buildings.)

@_date: 2003-04-12 23:56:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Saddam's love shack 
He's been quoted before.  I assume he's not the same Chris Carter
who was the director of the X-Files :-)
Guess that answers the "Boxers or Briefs" question for Saddam ...

@_date: 2003-04-13 00:12:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Kill MS, again, but sideways 
I don't know about OpenBSD, but supposedly Linux is getting better at
handling Winmodems, at least for the most common chipsets.
You might want to check with Perry Metzger, one of the founders of which is a company that ports NetBSD to things; perhaps they've got
better driver sets than the OpenBSD folks.
Also, in addition to looking at openh323.org,
you should probably check out Speak Freely.
 has the 7.2 version,
and John Walker recently prereleased some 7.6 versions at
and maybe Too late for that, and some of them have reproduced already so
you won't even be keeping them out of the gene pool...

@_date: 2003-04-21 10:48:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
It's a difficult problem - claiming that land is your private property
implies a willingness to initiate force to enforce your rights,
which is different for something like land that you didn't create
than for objects that you did create.
But if you can't collect "stuff", you can't insure yourself against
starving to death in the short term or the more distant future,
and governments in during the last century made a habit of
declaring that all the land and stuff in a given area was theirs,
and either starving the local population to death (if they were totalitarians)
or forcing them to leave (if they were merely greedy) or just killing them.
If you're looking at the world as a whole, as opposed to just the US and Canada and
parts of Western Europe that aren't near Germany, insecurity about such things
unfortunately demonstrates a realistic maturity.
If you live in a society that guarantees liberty and the pursuit of happiness,
you still need to plan for your old age, and you do that by collecting stuff,
or by collecting friends and kids who will care for you.
Societies that don't let you collect stuff are forcing you to
depend on them for your food and housing - not much liberty there.
People who are especially good at acquiring and managing stuff can
retire at 35 (:-), and people who don't have families to support can
argue about whether they've got more liberty or happiness with less stuff
(but the classic non-materialistic hippie ethic often involved going
back to the land, i.e. you and your friends owning land and farming.)
And farmers can never retire, except by having their kids do the work,
unless they're in high-value crops like dope that let them acquire lots of

@_date: 2003-04-22 16:12:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Internet dies if GPS dies?   Nah. 
Variola quoted and commented:
 > > [If GPS dies] "Internet activity would slow to a crawl, because many
 > >   backbone operators rely on precise GPS time stamps to route data. "
 > >  > Sounds like bullshit to me, data clocks should be able to run without
 > being fully synched externally, constantly.
There are at least three interesting GPS failure modes
- Whole system fails at once
- Whole system becomes less accurate
- Local areas get jammed
The article's talking about a failure mode where the satellites
gradually wear out over a couple of years and nobody replaces them.
 From a telco perspective, this is annoying, because GPS is cheaper
and better than what we used to do before we adopted it about 5 years ago,
and we've got a few hundred billion dollars less ready cash then we did then,
and the people who really knew synchronization well have mostly retired
or moved to dotcoms, but we could always hire enough of them back to do the job
for a lot less money than it would take to redesign GPS,
on the off-chance that we haven't replaced enough of the old phone infrastructure with VOIP
for it to simply Not Matter by then.  It's not like this is Air Traffic [Summary:  If you blew GPS out of the sky without warning,
major telco synchronization would degrade a bit but not much,
voice calls would be more likely to get noise, but not much,
internet connections might have a fractional percent more TCP retransmits,
and a random number of things that didn't have other timing sources would break
until people fixed them.  Cell phone systems are the big telecom uncertainty,
and of course Air Traffic Control, nuclear missiles, and similar apps.]
As Tyler said, SONET synchronization is a complex topic,
and telco synchronization is more complex than that.
There are two basically separate problems
- timestamping / NTP Network Time Protocol, used by lots of Internet stuff,
- synchronization used in synchronous telco transmission media,
Everybody uses GPS for everything these days, because they _can_,
but high-end GPS equipment is about 5 orders of magnitude more accurate
than the most demanding NTP things ISPs use it for,
and cheap GPS equipment usually gets you millisecond precision,
which is about 3 orders of magnitude more than most things care about,
and most of them don't care very much.  WWV radio clocks were Really Just Fine,
and ISPs who needed better clocking could build decent NTP systems.
Routers don't care much about phase, because each T1 or fiber interface
usually gets timing from the transmission line independently.
Voice transmission equipment cares more about phase,
because it uses Time Division Multiplexing to switch the voice bits,
so a whole voice switch runs on the same clock source -
it it's talking to somebody else whose clock is different and
drifts by more than the line buffers can fix, it drops a frame of bits
or adds a frame of 0s, which will cause brief noise on voice calls
or trash one or two data packets.  Telcos care about this because they
not only care about voice quality, they have SLAs with customers
for the number of errored seconds per day/month/etc.
that cost money that cost money if they don't meet them,
but it takes a lot to get down to cell-phone-in-traffic quality.
Telecom sync equipment is categorized in different strata,
and normally a box will have a clock that accepts timing from outside
and has a Stratum-N-quality holdover clock inside that's guided by the feed.
There are lots of different ways to measure the accuracies of these things.
A Stratum 1 clock is whatever master timing source you're using,
and a Stratum 2 clock is supposed to be able to hold its own for about 5 days
before the first slip and not do more than a slip every couple hours after A Stratum 3 clock can slip about 10/hour the first day and 132/hour SONET needs somewhere between Stratum 3 and Stratum 4 to stay connected.
The best timing feeds between buildings run on copper T1s, not fiber.
GPS is Stratum 1 quality, as long as you've got a good holdover clock,
typically Stratum 2 quality for telco offices.
A decade ago, a main AT&T, MCI, or Sprint office would have
a feed from a Stratum 1 source, and a Stratum 2 clock of its own,
and would feed a bunch of smaller offices which had their own clocks.
MCI and Sprint tended to use Loran for some of their timing sources;
AT&T used really expensive clocks in main offices, and had more offices.
An important concept for AT&T is the Building Integrated Timing Source -
there's a master clock for each building that feeds all the hardware.
Most of the other professional telcos do something similar;
I'm not sure if all the upstart newcomers do.
Since then, most AT&T offices have their own GPS clock,
except a few percent with Bad Radio Magic or building issues
which get fed by other nearby offices.
I'm not sure how local telcos get their timing - presumably a similar
combination of GPS, local clocks, and feeds.  They have more small offices
which are closer together, but also the clocks keep getting cheaper.
Cellular systems are the main telco case I don't understand;
some of the newer systems care much more about timing,
but the application that needs the most precision is 911 location,
because that needs to triangulate between multiple offices
as opposed to just handing off calls at the optimum time to avoid drops.
It's possible that something could go wrong here,
but I'd guess that cell towers are also more likely to be fed by copper T1s,
which would give them excellent sync if they need it.
(GPS is also useful for finding the precise location of a tower,
which phone-locator ICBM-delivery apps care about,
but you only need to do that once; the things don't move except in at least with some of the newer systems, but I'd be surprised.

@_date: 2003-04-24 22:10:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: double-spending prevention w. spent coins 
As Doug Barnes put it, if your algorithm has to exercise the
"then haul them off to jail" step, you've failed.
The two basic models of digital cash clearing have been
- embed some identity model into the coins, which is revealed by
         double-spending, and then do something grouchy if you detect it
- always honor the first use of a coin and reject future uses,
         and let the users fight over failed spending attempts.
Depending on what you're trying to accomplish with your digital cash,
one mode or the other may be useful.  Hettinga would probably contend that
the first-use model is much cheaper and more efficient,
because it avoids the costs of creating and tracking user identities
and tieing it to the world in book-entry fashion.
If you're trying to use it for something like remailer tokens
rather than real cash, that's certainly the case.
On the other hand, the identity-embedding models have tended to be
more prominent around Cypherpunks, partly because it has its own
technically interesting characteristics, and may have problems
that it can solve, but also because it prevents some kinds of fraud,
such as making it harder for the bank to claim that a coin has already been Offline is much much harder than online.
Sure it was :-)  But it's stuff that's been done now, mathematically.
Doing it in practice is still hard, which is why almost nobody's done it
in practice, and not for very long.  Back when this stuff was new and exciting,
there was an attempt to form an Austin Cypherpunks Credit Union,
and the proprietors found that not only was doing business with David Chaum
a difficult unsolved problem (:-), but in fact finding a business model
that would let them make money at it was even harder.

@_date: 2003-04-24 22:38:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Lucrative-L] lucrative accounts revisited 
That only works if you've modified your protocols to identify the ages of for instance by rotating what signature parameters the bank uses.
Otherwise somebody can walk in with a used P+1-old coin and spend it again.
If you do modify the protocols to identify coin or signature batches,
and delete older batches of coins, you have to also refuse to cash them,
like checks that say "Not valid after 90 days" or whatever.
This implies that users will be required to come in and exchange coins
every so often before they expire, or lose their money.
For most markets, this may be ok with appropriate time periods,
but for other applications, it might not be.
One alternative is to keep only the new batches in high-speed storage,
and if somebody comes in with a bunch of dusty old coins,
you say "eh, haven't seen one-a them in a long time,
lets' see what we've got back in the back room",
and go drag out the punch cards and 9-track-tape with the old databases on How expensive is this?  Well, the going rate for disks is about $1/GB,
and I forget how big the coins are but they're unlikely to be over 1KB,
so that's about 1 microbuck per coin, plus some labor cost for fetching old and a $1000 stack of drives holds a billion spent coins.
CDRs are more trouble to handle, but only cost about $0.25/GB;
I'd expect the write-once DVD market to be similar until blue-ray gets common.

@_date: 2003-04-26 14:06:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Authenticating Meat 
has Vinge books, including
ISBN 0-312-86207-5, published by Tor, which is the collection
with Vinge's novel and articles by a number of people including Tim,
Chip Morningstar / Randy Farmer, RMS, and others.
The original is on the net in several places -
         in mostly-pure-ASCII HTML with illustrations from
         one of the editions of the book.  Back when cypherpunks were
         lamenting the fact that the book was out of print,
         and that publisher copyright issues were preventing reprints,
         I found a copy of that edition in a used bookstore and
         lent it to a heavyset bearded guy who never returned the hard copy.
         I have no idea if the events are related,
         though I've since found a copy of the original paperback
         which had different cover art...  (:-)
 has interesting original artwork.

@_date: 2003-04-26 14:45:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: War Criminals or Illegal Combatants? 
They already invented that one for Afghanistan.
It's one thing to treat Al Qaeda that way (an evil thing, of course),
but it's quite another to treat the Taliban that way.
They were the government of their country, and the US invaded them.
The US government contends that it was justified because they were
harboring and supporting Osama bin Laden, who made war on the US;
if so, that may make them a government at war with us,
in which case they should be treated as POWs,
and if they're going to hang them like defeated Nazis war criminals,
they're supposed to give them a Nuremberg-style trial first.
But it doesn't give the US the right to torture them to death
without a trial after the war's over.
And if you're going to call somebody "illegal", that implies
that you're following legal processes, which isn't happening here.
Furthermore, the US government asserts that it has no requirement
to follow US laws outside the US borders, and that
Guantanamo Bay is a Legally Special Place, outside the laws of mankind,
because US law doesn't apply there since it's not US territory,
but Cuban law has no power there because it's occupied by the US military.
Perhaps the pre-Castro Cuban government has legal authority there?
Are there any old Mafiosi who want to claim it's theirs,
or any old Batista-governent-in-exile geezers in Miami that are willing
to order the Marines to follow old Cuban law?
Are there still more IRA Republicans in Boston than Bush Republicans?
Is it time to call the Bush Republicans "illegal combatants" for
failing to stomp out the other Republicans?

@_date: 2003-04-26 15:12:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Brinworld] PhoneCam vs. court; Publishing faces from the 
There are two categories of people he's likely to photograph
- Real drug dealers and users
- Falsely accused drug dealers and users
The latter should be able to sue him for libel, which is too easy in Britain,
modulo a few issues about whether web photographs are libel or slander.
Some of the former might also try that, but it's probably too risky,
and the black market has other ways to provide legal services and
conflict resolution to people who can't use official courts....
On the other hand, crack dealers are less likely to read the web much;
if he were to print out posters and tack them up on lampposts,
I'm not sure where "Joe Bloggs, Crack Dealer" would consider them to be
annoying libel or free advertising.
He says that he wasn't getting adequate response from the police
when he called to complain about junkies hanging around,
but that he doesn't blame the police, because the Government
isn't giving them enough resources to deal with the problem.
The site is  ,
and the proprietor's media contact email is messyjay at hotmail.com .
I was initially going to flame him for not having a clue
about the fact that it's drug laws that cause the problem,
but he's almost halfway to getting a clue:
         "This is not an anti-drugs site. It's an anti-crack site,
         an anti-heroin site, and most definitely an
         anti-people-who-do-crack-or-smack-in-the-entrance-to-my-home site"
and he thinks that cannabis laws probably aren't necessary and that
cannabis users don't cause the social problems that crack users do.
His site also says that the UK has "Anti-Social Behaviour Orders" laws from which lets courts kick someone out of an area for a couple of years.
This has its own set of dangers...

@_date: 2003-04-26 17:38:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Finder's Keepers, Smartcards, Anon Cash [Re: 
Ok, Major Variola has demonstrated that he's either Not Tim,
         or is Tim trying to make it look like he's Not Tim :-)
         He's also Not Even Hettinga, nor Adam, nor Choate....
         ... is that you, Lawrence?
         Fingerprint reader?  No thanks; aside from their technical weaknesses,
         they're rather at cross-purposes to anonymous digital cash.
         Do not double-spend by looking into laser with remaining eyeball.
         You don't even need a smartcard; a data file format that uses
         some kind of password-based encryption is enough.
         Smart cards, or dumb cards, may or may not be a useful adjunct
         to some digital cash systems, but one of the big reasons for using
         digital cash instead of 500-Euro banknotes is for online transactions.
         Smartcards may let you use your digital cash at somebody else's cash reader,
         and may reduce the risk of software problems trashing your cash,
         but digicash isn't necessarily something most people will carry          Now, *that's* an interesting suggestion.
         Not any time soon :-)  It's much more likely that the issuing bank
         or the wallet vendor would be in this business than a third party,
         and there are problems like how to preserve the anonymity,
         how to know the card has enough cash in it to justify a reward
         (I suppose you can guess that from whether the owner sends in a
         reward offer to the clearinghouse), how to escrow the reward payments, etc.
         For some sets of applications, you could do just as well peer-to-peer;
         have the finder post to Blacknet that he possesses a card with
         a serial number that hashes to 02198734, the owner sends a few
         digits of the serial number or a keyed hash to confirm,
         and they agree on a mailbox to snail the card to and a reward price,
         maybe 50% paid before and after delivery or using an escrow service,
         Obviously, the serial number can't be revealed in transactions,
         so maybe it's just printed on the front, or maybe it's used in the
         encrypted file formats on the card as a PIN-strengthener or something.
         If you like creeping featurism, you can design the card interface
         to have multiple money compartments, including one that you use
         to store $20 to pay off finders of lost cards...
         Or you just limit use of smartcards to money you're willing to lose,
         or are only storing in the cards when you're planning to use it,
         e.g. downloading a few hundred bucks to take to your coke dealer
         which reduces the incentive for robbing you before you make the buy.

@_date: 2003-04-26 23:46:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anonglish (was: Re: Authenticating Meat) 
One of the early web anonymizing systems was the Web Canadianizer, eh?
It retrieved and dialectized web pages, and while it wasn't as thorough
as the Anonymizer, it worked pretty well, eh?
By the way, it's amusing and sad to see that one of the features
of the current Zero Knowledge Systems products is a Content Filtering
feature which not only blocks Sex and Violence but also Criminal Skills.
Presumably this means that it would block any access to ZKS Freedom,
the Anonymizer, and most other pages with Hacker information,
unless they've hacked it to whitelist their own services.

@_date: 2003-04-27 00:05:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Freest Country? 
There are different kinds of perpetual tourism, some of which involve
less travelling than others.  I have friends who are believed by the
Netherlands bureaucrats to be spending their time in Belgium,
and by the Belgian bureaucrats to be over in the Netherlands.
I think the apartment in the Netherlands is probably different than their
official when-we're-not-outside-the-country address,
and that their Belgian address is a mailbox, but I could have that backwards,
and at least one of their addresses is probably owned by a corporation,
and their net worth is probably in Switzerland or some such location,
but while their net worth is fine, I think they're probably retired
or at most "consulting" rather than doing full-time work.
On the other hand, one nice thing about that area is that if they
_do_ need to be out of the country, it's an hour or two across an
unguarded border.
I don't know if it's as easy to confuse the US and Canada about
which country you're living in, and while the borders are permeable,
they're a lot more thoroughly audited than they used to be,
so maybe you need to spend more time on the ferryboat to Vancouver
instead of driving or flying commercially.

@_date: 2003-04-27 17:39:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: How convenient... 
Before the US and COWs attacked, either
- they had evidence that they couldn't show us because it would
         endanger our spies in Iraq, but they can show us now, or
- they had evidence that they couldn't show us because it would
         endanger our spies with Al Qaeda, and they still can't show us, or
- they had evidence that they couldn't show us because it would
         embarrass them because of whoever they got it from, or
- they were lying from the beginning.
I'm skeptical about any of those cases except the last...
but I doubt there'll be any forensic work done to find out
whether it was authentic or planted by the US Army, CIA, MI5, Mossad, or If they had evidence, they should have given it to Hans Blix to help him find them,
unless they were lying from the beginning there too.
(Actually, I'm rather surprised they haven't officially found them yet,
because the US did give Saddam quite a lot of that stuff when he was their but perhaps the wrong people in Iraq have it...)
Besides, the fact that we can't find them just shows that
those clever bastards destroyed them to hide the evidence or
those clever bastards used them all up causing mass destruction or
those clever bastards gave them all to Osama so we can't find them or
oh, whatever, they're obviously Evil(tm) so it was necessary to attack them.
Columnist Friedman believes that we've stopped an evil dictatorship from
torturing its subjects, which he thinks justifies the war,
but he's worried that the Bush administration will use this to
cause more trouble : "it feels as if some people want to use this war to
         create a multiparty democracy in Iraq and a one-party state in By contrast, Fox News is much more Fair and Balanced about it, showing all          "WE kicked their asses, nyahh, nyahh, Syria's Next!"
         "Other experts believe North Korea's Next"
         "IraN" "No, Syria!" "No, Korea" "Tastes Great" "Less Filling!"

@_date: 2003-08-01 12:18:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Poindexter to Resign 
>  > It's nice that some of the news media have changed from
their previous policy of toadying up to "Admiral Poindexter"
and are now starting out their article by referring to his
known dishonesty and unfitness for public service before getting
down to explaining what they're talking about.
It may not be Fair, but it's a bit more Balanced :-)
Of course, much of this may be a play by the "Senior US Defense Officials"
to make sure he gets the point and does resign,
rather than commentary by the news media,
and/or an attempt to distance themselves from a couple of
unpopular programs by sticking it on the designated fall guy,
but it still couldn't happen to a nicer guy.
Wired is a lot more enthusiastic in its comments than Reuters,
which was terser.  WaPo toadies up to him by starting out
"John M. Poindexter, the retired rear admiral involved in the Pentagon's ill-fated plan",
while Fox News says "The admiral who developed two controversial
Pentagon database programs quickly killed by Congress" and
goes on to make it clear that it's that nasty Congress's fault
for refusing to fund Poindexter's cool programs.
The real question is whether the administration and officials
that rehired Poindexter and hired Ashcroft and Homeland Security
will continue the same kinds of attacks on US civil liberties
now that he's gone, and unfortunately, the answer is presumably yes.

@_date: 2003-08-02 01:57:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CA Gov calls Shrub Shrub 
I'd interpreted "CA Gov" as "The Governor of California"
rather than "The Government of Canada" (or a province thereof),
and was hoping for some good flames about our recallable incompetent :-)

@_date: 2003-08-03 00:02:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Secure IDE? (fwd) 
If you look at the usage models and threat models,
it's simply not a problem.  This is a disk drive.
Anybody who has access to disk drive transactions
sufficient to try replay attacks already has deep-level
access to your hardware, so you're toast anyway
because they can see the unencrypted data before it's written.
What this kind of system is normally good for
is making sure that anybody who steals your hardware
when it's not running can't read your disk's data.
(Steals includes thieves with and without warrants or subpoenas...)
There's not really a risk of replay attacks there.
However, there's an emerging application for which
disk drives are more vulnerable, which is remote storage.
Some of the new disk interface standards, like Fibre Channel,
and probably some of the flavors of iSCSI,
can operate over distances of 20km and longer over fiber,
leading to businesses like colocation centers in New Jersey
providing big disk drive farms for New York City financial businesses
which have their mainframes in Manhattan.
For applications like that, it is important to do good IVs,
because control of the disk drive doesn't imply control of the machine.

@_date: 2003-08-03 00:23:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
No, Jim, he understands exactly what law is for in a democracy,
which is enforcing anything 51% of the people want
until something else gets its 15 minutes of public attention,
and that includes "doing something" about spam,
or about people with the wrong skin color or nationality wanting to
live in your neighborhood, or making sure that people with the
wrong combinations of number or gender can't be married,
or providing landing zones for visitors from other planets.
What law is for in a free society is an entirely different question -
I think you're saying that laws that define spam as a tort
are wrong as well as not useful, and I think agree with you.
But democracy is only compatible with a free society when
everybody remembers to bash politicians who interfere with freedom.
Laws _could_ help by defining use of nuclear weapons on spammers
to be justifiable homicide (or litterin' an' creatin' a disturbance.)

@_date: 2003-08-03 00:34:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Digicash Patents 
Huh?  Paypal was wildly successful at meeting the
perceived needs of end users.  Whether it met the needs of
stockholders before EBay bought it is a separate question.
It wasn't pretending to be a perfect cypherpunks solution.
Paypal gave people who wanted to occasionally sell things
on the net a way to receive payments online, quasi-immediately,
without going to the major hassle of becoming a registered
credit-card-accepting business, and let
people who wanted to buy things online send money immediately
without sending their credit cards directly to random individuals,
and let both sides avoid the delay and bounceability of checks-by-snail,
and reduced the likelihood of fraud in the payment process.

@_date: 2003-08-05 01:07:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Slow but interesting sender-hiding covert channel program 
Rob Lemos reports on the following presentation at Blackhat
by Mark Loveless of Bindview; I've got some comments.
The technique works by hiding four bytes of data in the
TCP header's ISN field, bouncing packets off one or more
innocent third-party machines, setting your destination IP address
to the third-party and forging your recipient's IP as the source,
so the recipient appears connection accepts or rejects
from real, fake, or random locations, and the real message
is hidden in the header fields.  The connection type can be
something credible like email or http.
Of course, there _are_ ISPs that do spoof-proofing,
so if your ISP does this, you won't be able to forge the
recipient's address on your outgoing packets usefully.
Spoof-proofing usually limits you to addresses in the
subnet used by your internet connection - if you've got a /24,
you can impersonate one of 254 locations near yours,
but if anybody's seriously trying to track you, you're busted.
There's also the problem that, unless it's sending call setups
that the recipient is rejecting, there'll be a lot of half-open
TCP connections on the recipients, which is a DOS problem.
It's cute, though.
Also, Bindview's security tools site does have an interesting
spoofing-detection program that works by looking at TTL values
for packets you receive that are suspected of being spoofed -
it traces a connection to/from the purported source IP address
and sees whether the time-to-live field on the suspicious packet
is close enough to one from the real route to be believable
or declares it to be bogus if it's too far off.

@_date: 2003-08-05 13:00:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: They never learn: "Omniva Policy Systems" 
It's nice to see that they're still around, unlike so many dot.bombs.
The founder came and talked to Cypherpunks just after their PR launch
(IIRC, Bill Scannell was involved in getting them into US today.)
He started off by being very clear about what problems they were
and weren't trying to solve.  They were trying to solve the problem of
making messages expire when all the parties involved are cooperating.
He viewed the problem of preventing non-cooperating parties from
saving copies to be unsolvable snake oil and he wasn't trying to solve it.
They're more concerned with data retention problems,
aka the "Ollie North Email Backups" problem or
"Embarassing Bill Gates Memo" problem -
making sure that when things are supposed to be deleted
that they stay deleted, and that if you don't explicitly
make sure you keep sensitive material that it'll disappear.
In your other message, you mentioned that several Extropians were doing really
squishy stuff, and mentioned that Jeff Ubois's resume also appeared to be.
Maybe you found a resume that I didn't, but mostly lists working with technology companies plus writing articles
for various technical magazines and less-technical newspapers.
There was some marketing in there, but I didn't see any "motivational"
or "coaching" stuff except other people's material on a website he's got stuff on.
Googling for "Ubois" picks up a lot of "Dubois" references, though :-)
I may rant separately about Orlowski's hit piece on Robin Hanson...

@_date: 2003-08-06 00:43:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Teen arrested at Logan for alleged sarcasm in his bag 
Aside from John's "Suspected Terrorist" pin,
I think he's been one of the people who carries around a nice
metal engraved copy of the Bill of Rights in his hand luggage.

@_date: 2003-08-06 01:17:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Year in Jail for Web Links 
It's a rigged game, and the "20 years extra for terrorism"
raises the stakes substantially from the usual
"1 year if you plead, or 3-4 years if you fight and lose" deal.
(In my case, the plea bargain was "We'll drop the obviously bogus charge
if you stipulate that you don't have grounds to sue us",
and given how the judge treated the other cops in his court,
chickening out and taking it was probably the correct decision.)
No, it's *not* Prisoner's Dilemma.  The cops almost never have
anything to lose by accepting a shorter sentence,
except in highly publicized politically important cases,
or by losing an occasional case, and their costs for going to trial
are low enough that, while they save money by pleading out most cases,
it's basically a minimal cost compared to the accused's costs.
(The Prison Guards Union makes a bit less money on it,
but it leaves them room to keep some drug user in jail a bit longer,
and in any case it's not enough money to turn the game into
the classic Prisoner's Dilemma.)
Sometimes there's a case like OJ which creates really bad publicity
for them if they lose, and sometimes they've got a
Johnny Walker Lindh who could give them serious constitutional problems
if they have a trial, but all of those are pretty rare,
though they _are_ Prisoner's Dilemma cases.
Most people they try are either guilty of something,
and the real issue is exactly how many counts of what they're guilty of
and how much they ought to be punished.
Most of the rest of them are the wrong person accused by mistake,
in which case if they lose they can be really sorry and
announce how glad they are that their mistake was noticed,
or they're some quality-of-life crime where dragging the
accused through the process and keeping him in jail for a few nights
or a few months keeps the sheeple in line even if they lose.
(That's especially appropriate for most political-protest cases -
you block traffic for the afternoon, they beat you and throw you in jail
for the weekend, and maybe keep you in a couple extra days.)

@_date: 2003-08-06 01:28:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What happened to the Cryptography list...? 
Bob - Perry's cryptography list moved from wasabisystems to
a few months ago.  Majordomo at metzdowd.com says:

@_date: 2003-08-06 01:52:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Others speak out in support of PAM 
Nobody knows know-nothings like Pat Buchanan.
But as occasionally happens, I have to say that
he's written a really excellent article,
knowing how to talk to a layperson about something
that's obscure and technical (and probably not something
he personally understands technically, but he's got the
policy issues down pretty solidly.)
He explains why it's important, and why it would have been
a good thing to do, and some interesting speculation
and facts about the Pearl Harbor attack I hadn't known,
which he ties into the PAM issue well.  Read it - it's good stuff.
Then, of course, he reminds us that in spite of being intelligent,
he's still good old offensive Pat Buchanan, by talking about how
John Poindexter was first in his class at Annapolis
and is being hounded out of Congress (without mentioning that
Poindexter is also a convicted liar who's got no business
in America's government though perhaps he ought to be out of jail by now),
but even in doing that, he gets in a few well-deserved jabs at Congress.

@_date: 2003-08-06 02:42:52
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: They never learn: "Omniva Policy Systems" 
They had what looked like a legitimate security / privacy product,
and were upfront about the threat models being regulators and anti-trust cops.
While it's hard to tell from the web site, it looks like
they've still got the same basic technical model -
instead of sending raw text, you're sending text encrypted using a key
that you fetch from a key server, and when the recipient wants to view it,
the recipient runs a viewer that fetches a decryption key.
The policy enforcement runs on the key server,
which deletes keys when the policy says the document should expire,
and apparently places some controls on who it's willing to hand keys to.
People save stuff all the time, and forget it, and backup systems often save it
even if they didn't explicitly try to save it themselves.
By shipping the sensitive messages as encrypted files,
the Save functions are only saving the encrypted version, not the cleartext.
On the other hand, I don't know how much their integration with Outlook breaks it.
You can set up your policy servers to set who's allowed to fetch keys.
There's no indication on the web site about how much granularity this has,
or how much protection or authentication they really do.
Policy servers are run by the company using the system, not by Omniva,
so you're still dependent on their competence as well as their honesty,
and if they want to ship a broken system, it's not hard to hide it
(e.g. use a compromised random number generator for the keys.)
I didn't see Ryze.  Looks like some kind of job-hunting thing.
Minciu Sodas does look like a weird site - I'm not sure how much it's
just a self-hyping conference board and how many people agree with each other like bloggers,
but I didn't see anything on there that was actual content by Jeff,
but it was too cluttery to spend much time hunting through.
Jack Rosenberg, actually.  Car salesman, with no self-doubt at all.
While I thought Andrew Orlowski's Register article was pretty shoddy reporting,
the Extropians Secret Handshake bit was funny.

@_date: 2003-08-06 10:19:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: In the matter of Mr. Fuq 
Yup.  Mr. Fuq is arguing at least two things:
- If Bob sends a message to Alice that Alice thinks is Spam,
         Alice has a right to sue Bob for spamming.
- If Bob sends a message to Alice the Bob thinks is legitimate,
         and Alice's ISP doesn't think so and discards it,
         this is a criminal denial of service activity.
Now, every spammer out there says that his or her mail is legitimate,
so if Alice hires her ISP to detect and discard obvious spam for her,
she's obviously hiring them to conduct a criminal act so
she's Guilty Guilty Guilty!  She can still sue Bob, but only from jail.
So remember, never Fuq with a troll.
Now, there are other people, such as the EFF,
who will discuss the problems with ISPs that are too
enthusiastic about dropping or rejecting mail,
or (much worse from an internet engineering business)
silently drop the mail without providing a proper reject message,
which is a badly broken evil nasty thing to do.
Dropping mail noisily is not so bad - market solutions let customers
tell their ISPs to be more or less aggressive,
but people who send mail at least know it's been rejected.
Things like rejecting mail from Linux users who are rude enough
to actually run Sendmail themselves instead of being dumb consumers also bug them.

@_date: 2003-08-06 11:59:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What happened to the Cryptography list...? 
If it's too quiet on Perry's list, you can always overflow discussions
back to the Cypherpunks list or sci.crypt.

@_date: 2003-08-06 13:58:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: politically corrent terms of color 
"Of color" isn't just blacks - it's also Mexicans and other non-whities.
I think some of the whiny liberal politicians I've heard use it
have been African-Americans of color (as opposed to white immigrants
from South Africa or Rhodesia.)

@_date: 2003-08-06 14:16:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What if all things computable are computable in polynomial 
Lots of problems are only computable in exponential time,
or at least superpolynomial time.
The closest we'd get to your suggestion is that
P might equal NP, or (for crypto) factoring might be in P.
Sufficiently large polynomials are easier in theory than in practice -
Karmarkar's polynomial solution to Linear Programming was
something like N**12 or L*N**6 where L was a very large number.
We wouldn't have to go back to OTP, just symmetric-key keyservers
which people used before public-key became well-known.
While the public-key algorithms are based on math problems like
factoring or discrete log, most of the symmetric-key algorithms
are based on intractable ugliness, and on doing enough analysis
to find out which kinds of ugliness and bit-twiddling are really
intractable and which can be cracked.
If the polynomial computability comes from quantum computers,
some of the symmetric stuff seems to reduce from 2**N time to 2**(N/2) time,
so we might need to upgrade from 3DES to 5DES or 7DES, but it's not big deal.

@_date: 2003-08-06 17:36:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: What if all things computable are computable in polynomial 
No.  NP is the set of problems which can be solved in
poly time on a non-deterministic Turing machine,
i.e. which can be solved in poly time if the
magic oracle correctly tells them a poly number of answer bits.
Not all exponential problems fit this model.

@_date: 2003-08-08 00:32:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
You just need an ugly enough van that a bit of extra paint damage
on the roof doesn't show.  It's much easier than trying to keep
good paint from becoming bad looking.
Or open and shoot out the back door.

@_date: 2003-08-08 00:40:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Declan McCullagh Fatwa. 
The general comment I've heard about Italian Fascism's effectiveness
was that they never did actually get the trains to run on time -
it was just political promises, any more than the Elder Bush's
"No New Taxes" meant that the US actually wouldn't have any new taxes.

@_date: 2003-08-10 14:50:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the  
One of the similarities is that, aside from there being government anti-gambling laws that might forbid both,
the Baseball Leagues have rules against members
(both players and owners) gambling on the results -
is John Poindexter the next Pete Rose?
Also, various administration statements came out about
how they were going to limit the bets to token amounts, e.g. $100,
which might prevent funding of terrorist groups
        (including Ollie North projects as well as Al Qaeda projects,
        if in fact the two weren't connected),

@_date: 2003-08-12 01:03:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
Fearghas pointed out the obvious workaround for this,
which is that if you don't like AOL's policies on incoming or outgoing email, or your cable modem provider's policies*
(which in the US are pretty much guaranteed to be lame),
or the cheapest DSL provider around,
but you want to keep them because they're cheap or have
other features you like, then fine, just use them for Internet packet forwarding,
and find yourself an email provider with policies you like.
You don't need to find all of them - you only need one.
There are about 10,000 ISPs in the US, last time I looked,
plus hundreds to thousands of hosting and colo providers who will
sell you at least a virtual host, plus myriads of customers of
hosting providers who have the resources to run an email business,
plus hundreds of thousands of unemployed former dot-commers
who'd probably be interested in starting a business if they can't
find themselves an employer, and at least 50% of them have the capital required to start a small email provider business,
and at least 10% of them have enough capital to start a medium business,
big enough to get going if they can find customers.
That means that if just 0.01% of those people or businesses
agree with you about how the email business really should be run,
then there are probably a dozen or so that claim to be just what you want,
and at least half a dozen that are actually competent.
If just 1% of them agree with you, then there are thousands of them.
Go use Google and go find them, or post a message in the appropriate newsgroups asking for them.
If you *can't* fund a dozen providers like that, much less a thousand,
then obviously the collective wisdom Internet community doesn't agree with your ideas well enough to justify making a law against
how the other 99% or 99.99% of email providers run their businesses.
Furthermore, if you think you're RIGHT, not just about how you want
_some_ ISP to run a service so you can get what you want for your email,
but COSMICALLY, STALLMANESQUELY RIGHT about how every ISP should be run,
then don't try to convince some technically clueless Congresscritter,
get off your ass and go convince people.  By the time you've convinced
20% of the customers that that's what ISPs should do,
and convinced 20% of the ISPs, everybody else will get the clue.
And if you want to get rich while doing so,
as opposed to merely popular like Stallman (:-),
one of the best ways to do it is to set up a business and
show the other ISPs what a REAL mail server looks like
while millions of customers show up at your doorstep
(hmmm, that's back to the "get off your ass" bit again),
or more realistically, dozens show up which gets you enough user feedback
to tweak the service and advertising to attract hundreds of users,
which brings in enough cash flow to advertise to get thousands,
at which point you've had trouble scaling and have redesigned
to something actually scalable, which is a bit tough at $5/month * 1000 users,
and then the world beats a path to your door because somebody's
finally heard of you.

@_date: 2003-08-12 12:25:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IRS loses a big one? 
Nah, just a small loss.  It's good to beat them, but hard to repeat,
and they're playing a numbers game.
There are good points and less good points to jury trials.
One of the good parts is that a jury can acquit you for any reason
that they want to, if you can convince them to.
On the other hand, jury verdicts don't set precedents the way
judge verdicts can, and jury verdicts of Not Guilty
can't be appealed, so there's no way to get them escalated
to a wider area, unlike a judge's declaration that
a law is unconstitutional, which applies to whatever territory
that judge has jurisdiction over (whether that's a city
or a Federal District or whatever), though they're useful precedent.
That doesn't mean that winning with a jury isn't a Good Thing :-)
But in particular, even a fully-informed jury that's judging the law
is normally just judging how and whether the law applies to a
particular case, and most jury decisions are really about
the facts of the case or at most how the law applies to those facts.
This jury decided that the IRS had failed to prove that
Kuglin violated any laws about what papers she had to file
or how she had filed any that she did file.
That doesn't mean that she doesn't owe any taxes,
or that the IRS can't find a way to get money from her,
such as garnishing her wages in the future,
or even that any papers she did file were correct -
only that the IRS had failed to prove they were punishably wrong.
(It doesn't even necessarily mean that the way she handled
her papers *wasn't* punishably wrong - only that the IRS
didn't give a sufficiently convincing argument that
the laws their lawyer likes to quote apply to the actions she took
or didn't take in the way that the lawyer contends that they apply.)
In particular, based on the two newspaper articles,
it sounds like the IRS mouthpiece was saying that
Kuglin could and should have had a conversation with them in which
they'd have explained to her exactly where it says she had to
file things their way, and that she'd failed to do so and
was therefore a Bad Person who deserved to be Punished,
when in fact she'd sent them several letters which they'd failed to
respond to so it's their problem that the conversation
didn't go the way they wanted it to.
But hey, must've been some clerk's fault, sorry about the mistake.
The IRS did lose, which it doesn't like to do,
and it may have to find some way to salvage this case
or try to bury it, and probably a few more people will be inspired
to try to do what Kuglin did, and 10% of them might do it competently,
some percentage of them will do it incompetently and get Punished
and possibly made examples of, and most will get lost in the noise.
Me?  I'm not protesting taxes, I'm protesting MS Windows,
but I gave up on getting the disk with my TurboTax on it to boot again
and scragged the data onto floppies using a rescue disk
so we can reinstall onto another system and finish my taxes before the
August 15th extension deadline :-)
(I'm also protesting the Wintel PC Architecture -
I can't get the box to boot from CDROM reliably enough to
reinstall Windows or run Knoppix, even after replacing the CDROM drive,
and it doesn't like to see the new hard disk drive as a slave
when I've got another hard disk as master.  And this year's
[expletive deleted] Turbotax DRM probably won't let me
rerun the return without paying them a second time
because the keying info is stashed in the Registry,
which isn't accessible from a DOS rescue floppy...)
                 Bill

@_date: 2003-08-13 14:00:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ATMs moving to triple DES. 
I'm shocked that they didn't do so years ago -
I thought they'd at least done the authentication parts.
That's ok - 2-key 3DES still has 112 bits of key strength,
which is 2**56 times harder than cracking single-DES.
3-Key 3DES looks like it should be harder, but it's still only 112 bits
because of meet-in-the-middle attacks using 2**56 words of memory.

@_date: 2003-08-15 17:46:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Viral DNS Attack, DDos Idea 
Cute, but sounds like a lot of work compared to other obvious attacks
you could do if you're spreading a virus anyway.
The more popular version of this attack is to try to hack DNS servers,
or poison DNS requests, so that DNS requests for google report the wrong thing.
One problem with hacking the hosts files is that
different versions of Windows tend to put them in different places,
though perhaps if you target XP and 2000 and ME and 98 it's consistent enough to work.
The real question is whether the bad guys would redirect to a victim,
or to a fake web server run by them, so they could hand out
bogus responses, such as redirects to various places around the web,
potentially along with some advertising banners.
Besides making google.com harder to reach,
another effect is that lots of people send TCP SYN requests
to 66.66.66.66 port 80 instead of google.com port 80,
and if there's a web server on that port,
they send it HTTP requests for URLs on google.com,
which it presumably will reject.
If 66.66.66.66 is an arbitrary victim computer with no web server,
the main impact is a bunch of extra SYN requests,
so the obvious defense is to filter them out from the router.
If it's got a single web server, moving the server to a new IP address
and using DNS to update it can help, at the cost of disrupting
clients until its DNS update propagates, and getting its router
to drop requests for port 80 (passing other ports is fine.)
If it's a virtual server machine, though, you can't do that
without disrupting all the clients on it, which is too bad;
either hope you've got enough horsepower to handle rejecting the
google.com requests, or front-end it with a squid proxy and
kill it off there, which cuts down the CPU impact,
though it doesn't cut down the bandwidth much.
You could get fancy and have the squid redirect all the real requests
to another IP or DNS name, e.g. example1.net/stuff to example2.net/stuff,
where the new address is on a different machine and if necessary on a different access line.
If it's a router, that's a more interesting problem,
because many routers have wimpy CPUs and do the routine work in ASICs -
so if the router has an HTTP interface for admin use,
and it's not protected by ACLs for some reason,
you might blow it away with the work required to reject google hits.
But if you don't need the web interface, it's much easier to protect.
Also, if the router is in an ISP, rather than at the customer premises,
access to it may be blocked anyway, as a general security mechanism,
and even if it's not, it's usually easy to add that kind of blocking,
by null-routing the traffic rather than by ACLs.
That's actually much less of a risk, except for CPU consumption,
because if the router has enough capacity to handle google.com's traffic,
it can handle the bunch of unsuccessful SYN packets that it gets instead.
Never seen it.  Another variation on this attack is to use
random redirect addresses instead of a single target victim -
that loses the focus for detection and correction that
having a single victim can provide.
If you scatter it around, people will still have trouble reaching Google,
but almost no web servers will get enough rejected hits
to swamp them, so admins are less likely to notice.

@_date: 2003-08-16 12:58:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: paradoxes of randomness 
The standard proof that all positive integers are interesting goes like this:
- 1 is the smallest positive integer.  That's interesting.
- Suppose that you've proven that 1....N are interesting.
- N+1 is the smallest integer that's not interesting.
You can extend this to all integers, and to the rational numbers
using the kinds of ordering that some of Cantor's proofs did.
Doesn't work for real numbers, though - you can have a
"nothing between X and Y is interesting, but X and Y are",
without having any smallest number above X.

@_date: 2003-08-18 08:59:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: CAPPS II is back - DontSpyOn.US  
Bill Scannell, who did the Boycott Delta project about CAPPS II,
reports that they're back.

@_date: 2003-08-19 00:40:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
The Feds spent a lot of time saying "We haven't proven it's not terrorists"
"Just in case it's terrorists we'll impede your right to travel"
"Could be terrorists, but we haven't definitively ruled it out"
"Civil rights?  What civil rights?"  "Be afraid, it might have been terrorists"
"No, we're not requiring the airlines to demand ID, that's voluntary"
"Unabombers under the bed!"  "Of course you need Gov't ID to travel"
"Really, we're in control, trust us!"
"Those aren't the civil rights you're looking for"
"[expletive deleted]!  Looks like it was an electrical problem on TWA800"
"Give *what* civil rights back?  You've *always* had to give ID to travel!"
The real coverup was that the Feds didn't have the jurisdiction
to impose travel controls on Americans, but they could get the airlines
to claim that the Feds were requiring them to do it, which the airlines
liked because it reduced the ability of travellers to resell cheap tickets,
and that when the ostensible terrorists were accounted for
(TWA800 was a genuine accident, and Teddy the K was caught),
they weren't going to reduce their controls or lying,
because they really *liked* controlling our travel.

@_date: 2003-08-27 00:06:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Slashdot | Florida Proposes Taxing Local LANs (fwd) 
The standard joke about how you tell a computer salesman
from a used car salesman is that the car salesman
knows when he's lying.  These incompetents like taxing things,
but if they don't know what they technology is about,
they *really* *really* shouldn't propose special taxes on it until they know how to count the objects they want to tax.
A LAN isn't just hardware (which as you say the
purchasers buy sales tax on), it's also the labor
involved in installing it (which they've already
charged income tax on, if it was explicitly paid for)
and the labor involved in operating it
(which also gets income tax collected on it.)
And the prices of any of the hardware except the wire
keeps dropping rapidly.  In the last 15 years,
we've gone from $2000 1-megabit 1baseT hubs
to $20 100-meg hubs, and $1500 VAX and VME cards
to $59 GigE cards and $5 100baseT cards.
And how do you count the interface cards that are
built in to most PCs these days?
And does Wireless count as a LAN?  And if it does, can you add a directional antenna
and make it a WAN to avoid the tax?
And is this only for LANs in businesses?  Or also for LANs at home?  Or is this really an excuse for the LAN Tax Police to go around with scanners
trying to detect people who didn't register their LANs
when they were buying that Cat5 cable at the grocery store,
the way the BBC Police used to go hunting for Brits
who hadn't paid their television taxes?
(Probably not - this seems like a clear case of
incompetence rather than malice - but it *is* the state
where Jeb Bush is governor.)

@_date: 2003-12-07 13:47:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Larry Lessig on ending anonymity through "identity escrow" 
I think Declan's got the title wrong -
Lessig's discussions that he references aren't about
ending anonymity through escrowed pseudonymity -
they're about replacing some True-Name-based or linkable
applications with pseudonymous ones.  For instance,
one-use credit card numbers instead of regular numbers,
which not only makes it harder for the merchant to do
credit card fraud, but also makes it harder for
marketers to trace your activities,
even though they can go back to the credit card company
and get that information.
A similar application, which we'll unfortunately probably never see,
is to replace the SSN with a pile of one-use tax ID numbers.
That way, instead of giving everybody who needs to
collect taxes on your account the same SSN,
which they can then use to link lots of records together,
you'd be giving each one a single number that only
you and the IRS can coordinate.
An application that people use all the time
is disposable email addresses.  Sure, you can use declan at well.com
every time you give some web site your address or send email to
somebody you haven't talked to before, but eventually spammers get that
and it's too annoying; an alternative is to use free email accounts
when you think you might get spammed.  Hotmail was the canonical source,
though yahoo's easier to use these days.  One of Declan's
fellow columnists, Annalee Newitz, uses a different username at her domain
on each of her newspaper columns; presumably some of them become
spam targets and get trashed eventually.

@_date: 2003-12-08 00:11:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Decline of the Cypherpunks list...Part 19 
Yes, and one of the LP's problems is that we've largely turned into old farts there also....

@_date: 2003-12-09 17:57:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Got.net and its narcing out of its customers 
Tim?  Trolling?  No, they'd yank his Ontology license if he did that
(and yes, someone already threatened to try that....
Santa Cruz liberals seem to have as bad a problem with jerking knees
as the police state folks do.)

@_date: 2003-12-10 18:20:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: ALTA/DMT privacy [was: Re: (No Subject)] 
> E-gold and other DGCs do not do much if any due diligence in
 > checking account holder identification
Unfortunately, they also don't due much if any due diligence in
identifying themselves in messages to real or potential customers,
so it's extremely difficult to determine if I've gotten any
administrative messages that really _were_ from them
as opposed to the N fraudsters sending out mail asking you to
log in to e-g0ld.com or whatever fake page lets them steal
your egold account number and password so they can drain your balance.
A policy of PGP-signing all their messages using a key
that's published on their web pages would be a good start,
though it's still possible to trick some fraction of people
into accepting the wrong keys.  For now, my basic assumption
is that any communications I receive that purport to be from them
are a fraud, and it's frustrating that there's no good mechanism
for reporting that to e-gold.
You can't tell if the code you're examining is the real code,
or whether it will continue to be the real code in the future.
You can't tell if the system is making backups of its databases.
You can't tell if the experiments you're making with their system
are really detecting that there's no information stored,
or merely that it's not telling _you_ where they stored it.
You can't tell if they're stashing session keys somewhere
for the Echelon folks to correlate with their wiretap data.
You can't distinguish whether any system is sufficiently advanced or
merely a rigged demo, nor can you tell which one this system is.
You can't tell from discussions with the developers whether they're
lying to you, at least unless they're bad at it.
You can't tell from experiments with the system that
did in fact pay you the money that they should have
whether they'll always do so in the future.
You can't tell from extremely detailed experiments where
they give you the root passwords to all their machines
and let you watch the bits go in and out whether
all future transactions will be handled the same way
or whether they're just stringing you along until there's
enough real money in the system or enough money from real suspects
that the owners or various monkeys on their back want to
rip off or rat out.
You're back to trusting them.  I don't know them,
so I don't know if they're trustable, but there are people
in this business who are, as well as others who aren't.
You can tell whether you've given them any real information,
and if the system doesn't collect it, it can't rat you out.
But otherwise, it's basically trust.

@_date: 2003-12-10 18:36:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Has this photo been de-stegoed? 
If you're asking whether something has added stego rather than
original picture noise, and how to detect it, that's one thing.
But if you're asking whether something used to have added stego,
and that stego has now been removed, and how to detect _that_
that's a much harder question.
- There was an original.
- Then there was an original with stegobits added.
- Then there was an original with something different done to the previous stego image.
The MITM isn't going to be able to restore the original bits,
but they could replace the stego bits with various kinds of noise,
or with different stego bits using the same stego system,
or using a different stego system, but how can you tell?
If they've replaced the message with a different message
using the same stego system, and the system gives you a method for
determining who a message is from and who it's to,
then maybe you can tell whether the new message is for you or not
and whether it's from whoever you expected it to be from or not, if you knew.
If they've used a different stego system, or if you're using a
stego system that's very good, you're back to the question of
determining whether the message you received was a message
that has somebody else's stego in it.

@_date: 2003-12-11 08:56:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Is Matel Stalinist? 
Definitely.  He should've written
         "Tyler Durden"'s
instead ;-)

@_date: 2003-12-14 00:40:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Compromised Remailers 
The TLAs have proposed running various anonymizers for China
and other countries that have oppressive eavesdroppers.
If you go look at past remailer discussions (probably starting with
Tim's Cyphernomicon or some of the remailer docs),
you'll be reminded that just using one remailer isn't enough
if you're worried about it being compromised,
though it's usually fine for trolling mailing lists :-)
Remailers are secure if at least one remailer in a chain
is _not_ compromised, so you not only want to be sure
that some of the remailers you chain through are run by good people,
but that their machines are likely not to have been cracked,
and ideally you use remailers in multiple legal jurisdictions
because that reduces the ability of any one government to put
pressure on the remailer operators, and increases the chances that
if all of the remailers are compromised, at least one of them
isn't compromised by someone who's interested in _you_.

@_date: 2003-12-15 10:37:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
But Saddam isn't a soldier - he's a politician.   He may also have
been in charge of his country's army, but he was being attacked because
of his position as a political leader.

@_date: 2003-12-18 00:56:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Zombie Attorneys General and other musings 
I'm mostly trying to stay out of this rather than going off on rants,
but there's an issue of fact to be dealt with here...
Ramsey Clark is _not_ one of "our minders", stating official policy to the which is what you're implying here.  He was at one time, but that was
long, long ago, in a job title far, far away.
For the last umpteen years, he's been a major anti-establishment figure,
beating up on the US government when they do things that are wrong or illegal.
I'm not sure when it was that he rehabilitated himself, probably during the
Nixon administration, and I don't know if he beat up on Jimmy Carter
or only on all the Republicans (+Clinton) since Jimmy.
In any case, what he's saying here is his analysis of US policy,
spoken years after he was out of office, not that it's any the less correct for that.

@_date: 2003-12-19 19:07:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: U.S. in violation of Geneva convention? 
So far he's avoided being treated like Mussolini.
While James has been wrong about 90% of this discussion (:-),
I have to agree with him here - while the US was clearly propagandizing
that they had him in their absolute control, they were also
initially treating him in a quasi-civilized manner.
The dude's been hiding in a hole in the ground,
so checking him for lice is reasonable treatment.
(I'm puzzled by the comment about the shave, though -
all the "fair and balanced" news coverage still shows him with the beard....)
On the other hand, various spokescritters keep saying
that they're going to stop treating him in a civilized manner,
and that while they're not quite going to torture him,
they're going to put him in a high-stress sleep-deprivation environment.
I'm not sure if they're going more for the Vietnamese tiger cage model,
or the Israeli army Palestinian Detainee model, or the
Soviet purged general model, but it's No More Mr. Civilized
until he confesses his crimes against the society.
In general, between the times the Nazi war criminals were captured
and the times they got tried and hanged or shot, the US mostly
treated most of them in a civilized manner, except during the active
parts of the war where sometimes they wanted operational information.
Apparently not the case here.

@_date: 2003-12-20 13:51:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Streisand loses to Adleman over California Coastline pics 
Ken Adleman and his wife photographed the entire California coastline
from their helicopter and put it on line free to the public.
Barbara Streisand, ostensible environmentalist, sued because it might let
gawking fans figure out how to get near her Malibu estate.
The suit was against Adleman and his ISPs.
The court agreed that free speech wins and that this was a SLAPP suit,
and dinged her for legal fees.

@_date: 2003-12-21 13:13:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
But this isn't an American war or occupation.  It's a war by the Allies,
including the US, Great Britain, and the Coalition Of the Willing,
and the UK and most of the COWs are responsible for bringing this to the ICC.
That means it's either the Iraqis that get to try Saddam and hang him,
or else the Americans have to pretend that they weren't pretending
that this was an international effort.
(Did Iraq join the ICC?)

@_date: 2003-12-21 22:59:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
Saddam's not particularly related to the terrorists,
especially the 9/11 gang, other than having a common enemy.
He's apparently funded some terrorism in Israel,
but then the Israelis have funded lots of terrorism in Palestine.
He is related to the anti-invader resistance, but that's fair.
He may have been involved in a plot to kill George Bush the Elder,
but Bush had tried to kill him first, with decapitation bombings.
Either try both of them for that, or neither of them, or better,
let the two of them do pistols at dawn.  (Come to think of it,
give enough people that opportunity and the problem goes away.)
(Of *course* I meant give them that opportunity with Saddam, not Bush...)
But making up pretenses for invasion any time people question
your previous pretense is simply unprofessional.
If you want to have any pretense of caring about the Rule of Law,
you need to stick to it even after capturing your enemies,
otherwise you're just an illegitimate tyrant.
(Also, it's nice to pronounce "rule of law" the way Jefferson did,
rather than sounding like Bismarck's speech about "Blut und Eisen".)
That means either letting him go, or finding something to
try him for that you can not only prove, but that you have
your own standing to try him for, or else turn him over to
someone else who has a legitimate case.  Handing him to the ICC is fine,
if you don't think drowning people in red tape is cruel&unusual,
or hand him to the Kuwaitis, but not to the gang who were
lying about Iraqis ripping babies out of incubators.
Or to the Iraqis.
The US did support Saddam in the Iran-Iraq war, because he was
more in line with their interests than the Ayatollah's gang were.
However, unlike Noriega, I doubt he was a direct employee,
so if they wanted to attack him, the right channel was to declare war,
rather than to just call in CIA Internal Affairs....

@_date: 2003-12-22 01:56:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: UN using Satellite Photos to track Israeli Apartheid Wall 
It's fun what you can do with satellite images.
The UN's using them to track the progress of the
apartheid wall that Israel's building to
"keep Palestinian suicide bombers out".
They haven't been all that careful about whose land
they're excluding.

@_date: 2003-12-23 21:10:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: I am anti war.  You lot support Saddam 
It's amazing how many people are building burgers these days
instead of doing technical work, now that sockpuppets.com crashed.
Usually they're round, and Wendy's makes square ones,
but I haven't seen the trilateralist flavor before...

@_date: 2003-12-26 23:38:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Singers jailed for lyrics 
As Tim pointed out, the Swastika symbol had long use before the
Nazis picked it up.  I remember going into a temple in Guangzhou China
which had three large Buddha statues with it on their chests,
and some of the Native American cultures prominently weave it
into baskets.  In Asia it tends to be a sun symbol,
or sometimes a moon symbol depending on which way it's pointing;
in the Americas it tends to be a whirlwind symbol.
If you can drag somebody into court for six months because
you don't like their speech, that's a problem too.
That doesn't mean that it doesn't happen here in the US too,
though more often for speech involving sex than violence,
and certainly our new Attorney General John Ashcroft
has no particular love for free speech.
But you can only throw someone in jail by threatening violence,
so it's hypocritical to say you're doing so to eliminate violent speech.
A friend of mine was on the city council in a Southern California town
where some Ku Klux Klan racist wanted to hold a march.
He wasn't from around there, and didn't really have any local support -
what he really wanted was for the town to ban his group from marching,
so he could sue the town for violating his right to free speech.
The town let him march, and had to bring out the police to make sure
that nobody attacked him or his five or ten friends while they marched.
It was the right thing to do, though she found it very frustrating.
Sometimes you just have to let people be [pick an insult here...]

@_date: 2003-12-27 01:27:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: I am anti war.  You stupid evil scum are pro Saddam. 
This isn't suggesting that the US kept Saddam on hold for
political expediency, the way they're planning to "suddenly" "find"
Osama _and_ the Missing Weapons of Mass Destruction next October
just in time for the election.
This is just saying that it appears that some well-armed independents
(or traitorous ex-henchpersons, or whoever) caught Saddam a
couple of weeks ago and have been trying to negotiate a good price,
but the US found them and avoided paying them off.
That's believable (though of course it could be staged,
either to deceive the American public about whether we really paid them
or to make it easier for the initial captors to get away with it afterwards.)
It's therefore being suggested that while they've let Saddam
hang onto enough clean underwear for a few weeks of spider-hole time,
that they either haven't been ironing his uniforms adequately,
or else they ditched them because that someone else might catch on
and sell _them_ out for a reward.  I find this less credible.
Maybe the captors have been using his Generalissimo uniforms as evidence
to get the Americans to negotiate with them or something,
but again it's dubious.

@_date: 2003-12-28 23:13:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black PoW postage 
Once nice thing about memory-bound functions is that,
while spammers could build custom hardware farms in Florida or China,
a large amount of spam is delivered by hijacked PCs or abused relays/proxies,
which run on standard PC hardware, not custom, so it'll still be slow.
Penny Black or any other system that involves tweaking the email protocols
gets a one-time win in blocking spam, because older badly-administered
mail relays won't be running the new system - if their administrators
upgrade them to support the new features, hopefully that will turn off
any relay capabilities.  That doesn't apply to cracked zombie machines,
since the crackers can install whatever features they need,
but at least all of those Korean cable-modem boxes won't run it.

@_date: 2003-12-30 19:11:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [camram-spam] Re: Microsoft publicly announces Penny Black 
> [what about mailing lists]
Obviously you'd have to whitelist anybody's list you're joining
if you don't want your spam filters to robo-discard it.
The reason it's partly a cryptographic problem is forgeries.
Once everybody starts whitelisting, spammers are going to
start forging headers to pretend to come from big mailing lists
and popular machines and authors, so now you'll not only
need to whitelist Dave Farber or Declan McCullough if you read their lists,
or Bob Hettinga if you're Tim (:-), you'll need to verify the
signature so that you can discard the forgeries that
pretend to be from them.
You'll also see spammers increasingly _joining_ large mailing lists,
so that they can get around members-only features.
At least one large mailing list farm on which I've joined a list
used a Turing-test GIF to make automated list joining difficult,
and Yahoo limits the number of Yahoogroups you can join in a day,
but that's the kind of job which you hire groups of Indians
or other English-speaking third-world-wagers to do for you.

@_date: 2003-02-24 23:52:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ethnomathematics  
Was she an actual physics professor, talking about her own field,
or some sort of literature/philosophy/sociology/politics professor?
The latter type are definitely old news, but as long as they spend their time
trying to convince female physics and mathematics professors to
think about new ways to structure or teach their curriculum, that's fine.
It's when they start dissing physics and math as "hostile to women"
and thereby discouraging young women from going into the field
that they really cause problems (as opposed to old boring sexist white male discouraging women from going into the field, which was the old problem.)
Actually doing a female-oriented physics or teaching curriculum is fine,
if somebody can do a good job of it.  After all, most of these fields
consist of real mathematics, exposure to real materials and their behaviour,
sets of metaphors for understanding how the math and behaviour are related,
and various levels of abstraction and concrete examples to interest students.
The math is the math, and the materials either will or won't cooperate,
but if feminist approaches can provide a set of metaphors or abstractions
that help students (or at least female-culture-oriented students)
understand how the math relates to the real world, then great!
And if they can find a set of examples or problems that are less male-oriented than
guns, rocketships, pushing pool cues into objects of various hardness and softness, or football
and if this helps female students be more interested in the problems,
or gives them examples that are more familiar to them, then great!
There's certainly no shortage of boring textbooks out there,
and if women who understand math and physics and communications can overcome
Sturgeon's Law and the textbook publishers' mafia or teacher selection then more power to them, and otherwise, well, the other 90% will be more

@_date: 2003-01-05 23:46:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Penn Jillette on Airport Security 
I insisted on his name and badge number.  I filled it out with my
   name.  The supervisor, I think trying to intimidate me, asked for my
   license, and I gave it to him happily as he wrote down information.
   I kept saying, "Please get the police," and they kept saying, "You're
   free to go, we don't need the police."  I insisted and they got a
   higher up, female, supervisor.  I was polite, cold, and a little
   funny.  "Anyone is welcome to grab my crotch, I don't require dinner
   and a movie, just ask me.  Is that asking too much?  You wanna grab my
   crotch, please ask.
------ End of Forwarded Message
He goes on quite a bit from there - basically, making it clear that
what the Fed has done is assault and asking to call a cop;
the Feds say "We don't need a cop, you're free to go",
Penn insists they get the cop, they get the cop, the cop is a
Penn&Teller fan and doesn't like these Fed rent-a-cops,
and much discussion ensues over a period of several days.

@_date: 2003-01-08 02:00:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cryptome Log...A nice opportunity! 
Please don't.  John has to put up with enough hassles
as a result of running a valuable and controversial web site.
He doesn't need your, ummm, help.

@_date: 2003-01-09 00:49:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunk fashions for the New Ashcroft Era (Re: Security 
for the practical but less traditional kilts.
And computer bags can be pretty asymmetrical, even if you don't
have the new 6.8 pound 17" Macintosh AluminumBook.

@_date: 2003-01-11 13:46:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Security cameras are getting smart -- and scary 
Any time you post to a list of a bunch of people you don't know,
you might be posting to a list of a bunch of people you don't like.
Reading the archives sometimes helps.
It's certainly likely to clarify whether everybody on the list
agrees with everybody else on everything, unless you think that
the arguments here are robo-generated to make it _look_ like
we're not all really just different tentacles of Tim May,
the Medusa of Crime.  (Or was Tim really a tentacle of Eric?
At this point I've forgotten :-)

@_date: 2003-01-14 14:24:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Brinworld: Samsung SCH-V310 camcorder phone 
The whole "Cell Phones - The Next Generation" thing
has been a pure marketing scam from the beginning.
It's a popular well-funded scam that got lots of mindshare
because it promised lots of people marketshare dominance
or other political advantages, that they haven't executed well.
But it makes a bunch of assumptions that the world can,
will, and should have the same cellphone standard everywhere,
and that the marketing people coming up with the term
know what it is because they work for the people who are
         [pick hackneyed phrase here:
A: the powerful beings creating the One Ringtone To Rule Them All,
B: inevitably, scientific-central-planningally historically destined
C: The Phone Company which is really in charge of everything
D: the capitalist oligopoly conning our democratic central planners
         ]
which everybody in the world will buy into, including
manufacturers, system operators, regulators, and
last and certainly least, those enthusiastic customers,
and we'll all make scandalously high profits while
giving consumers what we _know_ they want to pay tons of money for,
because we know that the technology developers are ready
to ship this stuff Real Soon Now, at the right price point,
And of course, it assumes that everybody will believe that
the products _these_ marketing people are trying to sell are
the ones that will win, as opposed to the other technology developers
who are making obviously substandard products unworthy of becoming
CellPhones: TNG, and if somehow one of those other developers
gets deployed in some significant market, they'll not only
be stuck with some hackneyed name like "2.5G", but consumers
will realize that those competing technologies are just opportunists
who'll be Left Behind By Progress, so they either won't buy it
or at least the wireless companies will dump it for
Better Stuff Real Soon, or at least if there's more than one
cell-phone company in an area, if the first one buys the 2.5G stuff,
anybody else coming in with 3G can steal their customers.
They're also depending on it taking long enough for 3G to get deployed
and paid for and achieve World Domination
that nobody's going to sneak in and call _their_ stuff 4G.....
In practice, the real issues seem to be how fast a data channel
is available, with the interesting values being 9600, 56k, 384k, 2M,
how much spectrum space gets burned supporting it,
how much distance you get for the voice and data cells,
which standards interfere with which other standards,
whether voice gets handled as something special or as data,
whether data gets handled as something special like WAP
or left as open-standard IP with TCP or UDP and HTTP,
with or without being forced through filters or
able to be sent through optional filters,
how to integrate data transmission with texting
(e.g. texting using ad-hoc telco standards or internet standards),
how much jitter the data has (low values make VOIP possible),
who's in charge of each of these services,
which is to say "who gets how much of the money, if any",
and how to get teenagers to have to buy it to be cool.
These aren't the kind of things that easily fit into one linear
range of values, and doing so is marketing scam.

@_date: 2003-01-24 10:40:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Deniable Thumbdrive? 
Agreed.  Furthermore, the whole thing is inherently dependent on the
processing model and programming interfaces of your thumbdrive.
What does it look like to your PC if you're not using the right thumb?
What does it look like to your PC if you want to use the right thumb?
Three obvious models are
- PC doesn't need Thumbdrive-specific drivers, just generic USB disk,
         and the CPU in the drive decides whether it's seen your thumb
         and reveals the otherwise-hidden files if it likes you.
- PC has specific drivers for the Thumbdrive,
         Whole drive plus the thumbprint pad are visible to the PC,
         and you can only decrypt the secret part if you put a matching
         thumb on the thumbprint.
- PC has specific drivers for the Thumbdrive
         Public drive, thumbprint pad, and hooks for secret drive are
         visible to the PC, and putting the correct thumb on the pad
         lets the PC find out the password to mount the secret drive.
First of all, as Peter says, high-tech cops won't be fooled.
Low-level goons may not recognize it,
or if the thumbprint part requires specific drivers or data on the PC,
you can tell them "sorry, that part's for access to my work PC,
and if you'd like to get a search warrant, they'll let you in the building",
and make sure the public part has some pictures of your dog or whatever.
For medium-tech cops, you can say that it requires installing drivers
on their PC (assuming that it does), and offer to download them,
and prearrange that there's a set of drivers at just in case they actually take you up on it.
Depending on the interface presented to the PC, it may or may not be obvious
to the PC whether there are zero, one, or more secret areas on the drive.
If it's not obvious, then the obvious extension to the product would be to
support multiple fingerprints for multiple secret areas, the business model
being so that multiple people can use the same drive, so your right thumb
gets your right-wing-conspiracy data, your left thumb gets your Commie stuff,
and your middle finger gets the picture of J.Edgar Hoover in his black negligee
or whatever else you want the cops to see.
Otherwise, figure out which body parts you don't mind them cutting off...

@_date: 2003-01-26 12:06:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: JILT: New Rules for Anonymous Electronic Transactions? An 
There's some interesting discussion about the ability of the
Dutch legal culture to provide useful tools for regulating transactions
in anonymous or semi-anonymous environments - if you can't find somebody,
can you speak of enforcing contracts, etc.  Not surprisingly,
this has been discussed extensively by the Cypherpunks and other people
exploring applications for cryptographically-protected communications.
Some of the standard references are Tim May's "Cyphernomicon" paper (on the Orson Scott Card's novel "Ender's Game", and Vernor Vinge's story "True Names".
(As the JILT paper says, systems like this may be quite complex to actually
implement in practice, and fiction provides a good tool for exploring the
social implications without doing the difficult detail work.)
I do want to comment on the concept of pseudonymity and semi-anonymity.
The paper appears to be using a definition in which a Trusted Third Party
provides a pseudonym service, which knows the True Name behind each pseudonym
and can provide it when required for a limited number situations,
such as collecting unpaid debts or prosecuting ThoughtCrime,
but otherwise the pseudonym is adequate for many activities,
and the user can protect his privacy and conduct various activities
under different pseudonyms without them being linked to each other
or to his True Name.    Unfortunately, the definitions of ThoughtCrime
have been radically expanded in recent years, primarily due to
"intellectual property" concerns from the music and movie publishers and
the Church of Scientology, so the usefulness of these pseudonyms has
decreased, even for pure communications applications without the
anonymous digital payment systems that can enable anonymous business.
An alternative definition of pseudonymity, which is more common in the
Cypherpunks discussions, is the use of a persistent identity,
verified by digital signatures, which permits the development of
reputations without the need for True Names.  The types of businesses
that can be supported in this environment are more limited,
because there's no way to throw somebody in jail if they default,
but much of European merchant law evolved without this ability.
For some applications, "Reputation Capital" provides enough protection -
a name that's used for months or years of good transactions
or writing good essays or making good investment recommendations
has a value that will be lost if it's abused,
but for other applications, escrow services substantially increase
the types and values of transactions that are possible.
Escrow can be used on a per-transaction basis, or the escrow service
may be part of establishing a pseudonym, providing an amount of money
that can be seized in a dispute resolution process
without needing the True Name of the pseudonym-holder.
Pseudonymity is becoming increasingly common in practice.
AOL "screen names" were primarily intended to
allow multiple family members to share an account, but are also
useful for protecting privacy, especially of children in chat rooms.
There's no explicit requirement for a True Name, though most accounts
use credit cards which do provide some tracing ability,
but the depth of credit checking performed by AOL is
"did their credit card company approve paying for their service this month",
rather than "how big a transaction can their assets cover" or
"where do they sleep, in case the police want to arrest them".
Yahoo Mail and Hotmail systems are relatively untraceable, however.
EBay accounts have an organized reputation capital system,
allowing buyers and sellers to rate whether the other party has
met their obligations, and to allow prospective buyers and sellers
to see the ratings and estimate whether they'll be defrauded or not.
Unfortunately, EBay recently bought Paypal, so the privacy of
Paypal users is no longer protected by the separation between
the auction system and the payment system, since Paypal uses
credit cards and therefore semi-traceable identities to pay people.
Julf Helsingius's original Anonymous Remailer was originally intended
to provide the stronger form of pseudonymity, but unfortunately
he was forced to reveal the information he had about a user
(because of the intellectual property Throughtcrime problem),
though in fact that identity was another disposable email address.

@_date: 2003-07-02 02:04:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: test please ignore 
Is it really quiet in here, or does the fact that I've been
playing with procmail this evening have something to do with it?

@_date: 2003-07-03 00:15:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF meet: future of feta, port, sherry, gorgonzola at stake 
Great.  First they take the Champagne, now they want the port and sherry, and feta cheese.
Next it'll be the Chianti, and they'll find something wrong with fava beans as well.
Worse than that, they'll make Americans stop eating Hamburgers,
and the vast right wing conspiracy already banned French fries.
(I'm actually rather surprised by feta cheese being on the list -
my local Iranian grocery regularly has feta from France,
Greece, Bulgaria, and one or two other places.)

@_date: 2003-07-21 00:25:35
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A day in the life 
Please don't do that.  You might pick a number belonging to some poor working guy
and mess up his credit or yours.
I read on the net that Richard Nixon's SSN is 567-68-0515,
and then there's that usual 078-thing from fake SSN cards in wallets.

@_date: 2003-07-23 15:56:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: kinko spying: criminal caught Scarfing keydata 
The real question is whether the FBI's keyloggers caught Jiang's passwords,
or whether it was the NSA or Mossad caught the FBI's keyloggers
catching Jiang's keylogger catching other passwords.

@_date: 2003-07-28 16:20:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Dead Body Theatre 
Steve, did you mean "Hear, hear!"?
Or were you calling for it to happen "here"?  :-)
Back when we had a First Amendment, that was probably legal,
but since Bush inherited the presidency, it might not be...
European feudalism did that also, though Europeans were
less likely to eat the bodies of the losers.
Trial by Combat was tossed out of British law in ~1850,
but hadn't been used for a long time before that,
though dueling was still around in the early 1800s.

@_date: 2003-07-29 09:26:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Someone at the Pentagon read Shockwave Rider over the 
Also, NYT Article was But it sounds like they've chickened out, because  various people freaked
about the implications.  (And they only got as far as it being
"an incentive to commit terrorism", without getting to
"a funding method for terrorism" or to "Assassination Politics".)
 >July 29, 2003
 >Pentagon Said to Abandon Plan for Futures Market on Terror
 >By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
 >
 >WASHINGTON -- The Pentagon will abandon a plan to establish a futures market
 >to help predict terrorist strikes, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services
 >Committee said Tuesday.
 >
 >Sen. John Warner, R-Va., said he spoke by phone with the program's director,
 >"and we mutually agreed that this thing should be stopped."
 >
 >Warner announced the decision not long after Senate Democratic Leader Thomas
 >Daschle took to the floor to denounce the program as "an incentive actually
 >to commit acts of terrorism."
 >
 >Warner made the announcement during a confirmation hearing for retired Gen.
 >Peter J. Schoomaker, nominated to be Army chief of staff.

@_date: 2003-07-29 22:56:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Pentagon discovers Assasination Politics, deadpools 
Assuming it can be legally structured as a "Futures Market",
rather than as "Illegal Gambling", it could make money.
(There are obviously some bets it's unlikely to handle,
such as the bet that Idea Futures markets would be successfully prosecuted
as illegal gambling :-)
This provides a number of Doubleplus-Good Things.
- Government agencies can be funded by private ideas futures speculation
rather than by taxes, freeing them from the tiresome needs of
Congressional budget requests and oversight.  No more Ollie North trials!
- Private organizations can fund government agencies to do specific things
and launder the money through the market, rather than needing to lobby
Congresscritters to fund them.  There's a bit less leverage this way,
but surely there are some Congresscritters who'd appreciate that
private organizations were betting they'd live to 100 like Strom Thurmond.
- All those boring old Neutrality Act laws that keep companies like
ITT and Halliburton from overthrowing foreign governments
and forbid patriotic Americans to be foreign mercenaries
can be avoided, because they won't need to do that any more -
they can just bet sufficient sums that governments will be overthrown
and they'll go overthrow themselves, and those patriotic Americans
can be working as, ummm, investment logistics expediters instead of mercs.
- The system will be completely Anonymous, and
         Anonymity is Strength!
- Of course Oceania has always had an Idea Futures position about
the downfall of WestAsia.  Why do you ask?

@_date: 2003-07-30 16:58:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Japan making RFID-trackable cash 
Japan's starting to add RFIDs to their 10000-yen (~$100) bills.
Notes will come with Hitachi's 0.3mm "mew-chip" which
responds to radio signals by sending out a 128-bit number.
Each chip costs about 50 yen.
The article says that each number _could_ be a serial number,
but doesn't say that they know it is; the alternative would be
something that indicated the production batch or whatever.
The Reg's report sounds like it's based on
what someone saw on a TV show,
but also indicates they're starting production.

@_date: 2003-07-31 16:08:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Digicash Patents 
Tim replied to Bob -
Hey, the parties were pretty good, and RSA gave out T-shirts :-)
In practice, everybody who really needed to use RSA had
either licensed the technology for a reasonable (or too high) price,
or else was a free software developer violating the patents,
or else was a free or low-key software developer living within RSAREF.
The Mark Twain Bank people had licensed Chaum's patents,
and their failure had a lot less to do with the cost of licensing
the patent than with their inability to figure out how to
get customers and merchants, and their ability to make it
too difficult to get an account.
Mondex wasn't Chaumian, and it failed, along with a number of
other vaguely cash-like payment systems during the boom.
(I'm referring to the payment systems that handled actual money,
not just the silly Green-stamp emulators like Beenz and Flooz.)
By contrast, the Austin Cypherpunks Credit Union project
figured out that making money would be hard before starting a business,
as well as discovering that dealing with Chaum was also hard,
so they didn't get far enough to fail.
Eric Hughes had some good insights into why
"it's really hard to start a new payment system".
I supposed I'd categorize the efforts into two basic groups
- projects run by banks or bank-like companies that
wanted to actually run a service and hoped to make a profit
- startups funded by VC money that wanted to make startup money,
which depends on VCs and IPOs and Other People's Money,
and is only marginally related to actually making a profit,
though most of them also hoped they'd wildly succeed like other dotcoms.
There may have been a few other types of projects,
but this was most of them.

@_date: 2003-06-03 10:26:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
The catch, of course, is that most cryptosystems are only useful
if they're widely deployed.  Learning from mistakes is good,
but endangering large numbers of users in the process is bad.
By contrast, learning cryptanalysis doesn't have this weakness -
if you can't crack somebody else's code, no problem,
(with obvious exceptions for people who need to learn cryptanalysis
quickly in wartime or whatever, or undertrained cryptanalysts who are
hired by people who are learning cryptography by making mistakes...)
Even ROT-13's not too bad unless somebody tries to crack it,
though some people who've spent way too much time with it
can just read the stuff by recognizing it as an alternate font :-)
Somebody else followed up by mentioning that, while GSM's
privacy encryption is cracked, their authentication encryption isn't,
and they aren't getting massively attacked.
I thought the state of the art at this point was that the
authentication is also crackable, but it's currently enough work that
nobody's or almost nobody's bothering, because governments can get what
they want by telling phone companies to give them the information,
and regular criminals can get the equivalent of cracking GSM authentication
by stealing mobile phones more easily than by hiring cryptanalysts,
and unlike satellite TV smartcard cracking, nobody's figured out any
potential market opportunities for widespread cracked GSM.

@_date: 2003-06-03 11:48:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Streisand imagecriminal lives 2-3 parcels away from me 
Well sure - because not all the Black Helicopters flying over Tim's house
have belonged to Feds/UN/etc. - one of them's probably been Ken's :-)
I've also found Tim's comments on Pynchon living nearby interesting.
I'd say issues of putting aerial photography on the internet and
how that changes the status of previously "secret" information
are pretty close to our core issues - they're not directly cryptography,
but neither are the "guns, lots of guns" discussions.
I don't know if Hugh ever pulled off the "export RSA by standing in
a bar-code when the Russian 1-meter-resolution spy satellites fly over"...

@_date: 2003-06-03 15:01:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
For transmitting credit card numbers on web forms,
I'd be surprised if there were 1% of the servers that *don't* use SSL/TLS.
Virtually all deployed browsers support SSL, except a few
special-purpose versions.  The web servers supporting
almost all of the web support SSL if they have keys installed.
While many of them haven't bothered paying money for certified keys
or doing self-signed keys, I'd be surprised if it's really
as low as 1%.  What's your source for that figure?
While only a small fraction of web pages, and a much smaller
fraction of web bits transmitted, use SSL, that's appropriate,
because most web pages are material the publisher wants the public to see,
so eavesdropping isn't particularly part of the threat model,
and even integrity protection is seldom a realistic worry.
(By contrast, eavesdropping protection and integrity protection
are critical to telnet-like applications, so SSH is a big win.)
It's nice to have routine web traffic encrypted,
so that non-routine traffic doesn't stand out,
and so that traffic analysis is much harder,
but there is a significant CPU hit from the public-key phase,
which affects the number of pages per hour that can be served.
Corporate intranet web traffic carried across the public internet
sometimes uses SSL, but usually uses IPSEC because that also supports email.
In addition to web browsing and email submission,
there's an emerging market for SSL-based VPNs appliances.
Neoteris is one of the pioneers, and Aventail and some others are players.
The intention is that you can get "clientless" (browser-based)
support for intranet web browsing and email,
and lightweight client support for telnet,
while only having to buy an overpriced server box.
(And the box doesn't even need crypto accelerator help,
because the public-key phase only gets used for login,
while most sessions are long enough that this amortizes quickly.)

@_date: 2003-06-10 00:29:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: unregistered shell 
Normally I would make some cynical remark about the appropriateness of
Constitution Avenue as a venue for violating the second amendment,
but this sounds like a case of Darwin catching up with the guy
in a way that only eliminates *him* from the gene pool
rather than taking out innocent bystanders when the
gas can falls off his car roof....
He's clearly from the clue-deprived side of the street
about a variety of issues.

@_date: 2003-06-14 15:20:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: MS Format Flames Re: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for 
There are output formats and input formats.
It's easy to output data in formats other people can read -
if you want something prettier than ASCII,
HTML is usually fine, though there's not much support
for embedded pictures as opposed to separate files.
XML is a meta-format - you can't really guarantee that
anybody else's XML tool can read your XML tool's documents,
because they may not have all the same objects.
If you want to give them something quasi-immutable,
there's always PDF.  That lets you be rude _and_ proprietary :-)
Postscript is more flexible, but too many people don't have
tools to read it with.
Input formats are harder, because Microsoft keeps adding
backwards-incompatibility every time they upgrade Office,
just to force everybody else to upgrade.
OpenOffice can often help, but not always.
Microsoft does make free readers for Word and Powerpoint.
They're only intended for running on Windows,
but perhaps they work on WINE?

@_date: 2003-06-18 00:20:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: weird logic 
Yup.  And USA Today was referring to the US military reserve soldiers
who were sent there as "Citizen Soldiers", but of course
*Iraqis* who fought the invaders weren't "citizen soldiers",
they were "terrorists" or "illegal combatants" or "evil" or
"failing to act sufficiently French by surrendering".
And since the US Constitution doesn't apply to
US forces operating outside the US, there's no prohibition
against "ex post facto" laws about "crimes against the coalition",
and of course the Bush Administration bullied Brussels into exempting
their armed forces from war crimes laws.

@_date: 2003-06-20 01:00:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Destroying computers 
> > > Methinks Mr Hatch is not a very bright man.
 > > A Southern senator.  Need I say more?
I think people have been mixing up Orrin Hatch with Jesse Helms.
Both are right-wingers who didn't really like the 20th century,
much less the 21st, both have right-wing religious constituencies
(though radically different religions),
but they're really quite different.

@_date: 2003-06-21 11:24:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Is Hatch a Mormon or a crypto Satanist?  
I was pleasantly surprised when I went to Salt Lake City
ten years ago that not only was it no trouble to get a drink,
it was also no trouble to get espresso, which is my usual vice -
the Nordstrom's in the mall had their little stand out front.
It's apparently more trouble to get liquor up in ski country.
I've also found it was less trouble to get a beer and _dinner_
late at night than in much of California, though perhaps they
have rules requiring bars to also be restaurants.
(~midnight, about 6 blocks from the temple.)
The catch was that they were also less fascist about smoking in bars,
so I had to sit off at the less-crowded end of the bar
rather than near the TV with most of the other gentiles.

@_date: 2003-06-28 13:06:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
Somebody did an interesting attack on a cable network's customers.
They cracked the cable company's DHCP server, got it to provide a
"Connection-specific DNS suffic" pointing to a machine they owned,
and also told it to use their DNS server.
This meant that when your machine wanted to look up yahoo.com,
it would look up yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com instead.
This looks like it has the ability to work around DNSSEC.
Somebody trying to verify that they'd correctly reached yahoo.com
would instead verify that they'd correctly reached
yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com, which can provide all the signatures
it needs to make this convincing.
So if you're depending on DNSSEC to secure your IPSEC connection,
do make sure your DNS server doesn't have a suffix of echelon.nsa.gov...
"... It turns out, Charter Communications' DHCP servers were
infiltrated and were providing p5115.tdko.com as the
'Connection-specific DNS suffix', causing all non-hardened Windows
(whatever that means in a Windows context) machines to get lookups
from a hijacked subdomain DNS server which simply responded to every
query with a set of 3 addresses (66.220.17.45, 66.220.17.46,
On these IPs were some phantom services. There were proxying Web
servers (presumably collecting cookies and username/password combos),
as well as an ssh server where the perpetrators were most likely
hoping people would simply say 'yes' to the key differences and enter
in their username/password..."
Hmm, my cable ISP was down this morning.  Maybe coincidence.

@_date: 2003-06-29 14:19:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC  
I thought about that, and I think this is an exception,
because this attack tricks your machine into using the
trust chain yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com., which it controls,
instead of the trust chain yahoo.com., which DNSSEC protects adequately.
So you're getting a trustable answer to the wrong query.
I'm less sure of the implementation issues of the
"Connection-specific DNS suffix", and I've seen conflicting documentation.
If the resolver looks up "domain.suffix" before "domain",
then the attacker's DNS doesn't need to control the DNS access,
and only needs to provide the attacker's certificates,
but if the resolver looks up "domain" before "domain.suffix",
then the attacker also needs to make sure that the lookup of "domain" fails,
which is most easily done by telling the DHCP client to use
the attacker's DNS server along with telling it the suffix.
(That doesn't add any extra work to the attack, but does make it
a bit easier to trace the attacker after the fact;
if you're not replacing the attacker's DNS server entry,
then all you need is a legitimate-looking server for
"*.attackersdomain.com".  In either case, somebody who can
pull off this kind of an attack probably uses a compromised machine
to run the DNS server on anyway.)
DNSSEC seems to do a pretty thorough job of making sure that
if you look up the correct domain name, you'll get the correct answer,
in spite of attackers trying to prevent it.
But this attack tricks you into looking up the wrong domain name,
and DNSSEC makes sure that you get the correct answer for the wrong name,
which isn't the result you want.

@_date: 2003-06-29 19:17:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
That doesn't happen.  (Well, it could, but as you point out,
it's not a successful attack methodology, because DNSSEC was designed
to correctly take care of this.)
The DNS suffix business is designed so that your laptop tries
to use "yahoo.com.attackersdomain.com", either before "yahoo.com"
or after unsuccessfully trying "yahoo.com", depending on implementation.
It may be bad judgement, but it's designed to support intranet sites
for domains that want their web browsers and email to let you
refer to "marketing" as opposed to "marketing.webservers.example.com",
and Netscape-derived browsers support it as well as IE.
I agree with you and Steve that this would be a Really Bad Idea.
The only way to make it secure is to use an authenticated DHCP,
which means you have to put authentication keys in somehow,
plus you need a reasonable response for handling authentication failures,
which means you need a user interface as well.
It's also the wrong scope, since the DNSSEC is global information,
not connection-oriented information, so it's not really DHCP's job.

@_date: 2003-03-13 22:32:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Brumley & Boneh timing attack on OpenSSL 
From Slashdot: David Brumley and Dan Boneh write:
"Timing attacks are usually used to attack weak computing devices such as We show that timing attacks apply to general software systems.
Specifically, we devise a timing attack against OpenSSL.
Our experiments show that we can extract private keys from a
OpenSSL-based server such as Apache with mod_SSL and stunnel
running on a machine in the local network. Our results demonstrate that
timing attacks against widely deployed network servers are practical.
Subsequently, software should implement defenses against timing attacks.
Our paper can be found at Stanford's Applied Crypto Group.
  "
Schmoo Group response on cryptonomicon.net
Apparently OpenSSL has code to prevent the timing attack,
but it's often not compiled in (I'm not sure how much that's for
performance reasons as opposed to general ignorance?)
They also comment (as did somebody on Slashdot) that
"this is distinct from the timing attack described in the paper
by Canvel, Hiltgen, Vaudenay, and Vuagnoux last month."
That one's an implementation problem and hard to exploit.

@_date: 2003-03-22 12:25:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Brumley & Boneh timing attack on OpenSSL (fwd) 
If it's not meant to be a high-performance server, then slowing it down
another 20% by doing RSA timing things is probably fine for most uses,
and either using compiler flags or (better) friendlier options of some sort
to turn off the timing resistance is probably the better choice.
I'm not sure how flexible things need to be - real applications of the
openssl code include non-server things like certificate generation,
and probably some reasonable fraction of the RSA or DH calculations
don't need to be timing-protected, but many of them are also things
that aren't CPU-consumption-critical either.

@_date: 2003-03-31 12:23:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: art can make a difference, and traffic routing games 
I didn't catch that one, but as the token phone company guy here,
the fact that they started off Desert Scam by blowing up the
phone company building with a cruise missile did piss me off...
What our management _does_ need to clue into is the recent
Michigan law banning VPNs/NAT/routers/etc. - the similar laws
proposed in a number of other states only applied in cases of fraud
or theft of service, but the Michigan one was badly worded.

@_date: 2003-05-01 00:37:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: text analysis 
Weather forecasting in Ithaca New York was similarly simple.
"50% chance of rain today"  (Or snow, in the winter...)

@_date: 2003-05-01 17:25:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: China (was Mike Hawash) 
Interesting.  I've recently been reading a book by a guy who spent
much of the mid-90s illegally tramping around the ethnic areas of
western China (particularly the Tibet/Burma borders with Sichuan and Yunnan)
trying not to get thrown out of the country too often.
He was a broke trekker crewing for a crazy French photographer who
wanted to document some of the minority cultures that
Westerners had never seen before the Han government and Western television
homogenized them into history, so perhaps that didn't make things easier;
sometimes they were able to get permits for some of the areas
(though not usually where they really wanted to go...)
and sometimes they were able to bribe officials into ignoring them,
but they kept getting caught and jailed and kicked out,
because foreigners weren't  allowed there.

@_date: 2003-05-02 14:17:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this 
Hate to break this to you, Justin, but Tim may be too old to recognize that one
unless he had younger siblings or friends with TV-watching kids...
My sister who was born in 1963 watched it; I don't think my brother who was
born in 1960 watched it much.  If Tim's parents were early adopters of he'd be more likely to recognize Howdy Doody and Mickey Mouse Club.

@_date: 2003-05-03 23:04:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: China (was Mike Hawash) 
No, it's more like the US in ~1870 or 1890 - the big neighboring territory
had pretty much been conquered, though a lot of them still spoke Spanish,
and the other big neighboring territory had been reconquered,
but a lot of larger minority ethnic groups like the Navajo hadn't been
totally wiped out, though the smaller tribes were gradually getting
killed off or having their land stolen and getting forced onto smaller
reservations and having US military forts put in the middle to govern them
(which was bad) or whatever the Bureau of Indian Affairs sent out to
"help" them and "civilize" them (which was ultimately more devastating),
and there was a deliberate attempt to wipe out the local economy
(there's no real equivalent to killing off the buffalo,
but periodically "taxing" all their livestock is sort of similar.)

@_date: 2003-05-03 23:32:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Loyalty Day 
Too late - we missed it!  It was on May Day, aka May 1.
Obviously it's designed to give American Labor Unions something to do
when the rest of the world is celebrating Labor Day,
since of course American Unions aren't Commies and never have been.
(Unfortunately they are mostly Democrats, so the Administration
is still looking for ways to crush them, but they'd better be
Loyal Americans anyway...)
I don't know how the turnout for the San Francisco May Day Parade went.
It used to alternate between hippie maypole dance things and
commie parades, and this year looked like another commie year
plus it was raining like mad...

@_date: 2003-05-03 23:58:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: whitehouse.gov taken over?  Cheese-eating surrender 
Oh, right, who's today's target?  Are we still practicing hating Saddam,
or is it Bashar al-Assad this week, or the French?
Tim and Peter have been discussing the origins of
"Cheese-Eating Surrender Monkeys" and the general hatred of the Frogs,
but I've got to disagree with Tim's assertion that it's been going on
for a long time.  Sure, there's been some low-level dislike,
and Jay Leno's always made fun of their liking for Jerry Lewis,
and Parisians have a reputation for being as rude as New Yorkers,
but it seemed like there was such as rush of anti-French surrender jokes
and anti-French political commentary that it's more than just coincidence;
it seemed like the meme was being pushed hard and fast by somebody.
Perhaps the meme was just sitting around from DeGaulle's time,
waiting to be triggered by France's lack of participation in US Unilateralism
and unwillingness to join the COW coalition this time.
But it didn't seem that way.

@_date: 2003-05-05 00:22:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: whitehouse.gov taken over?  Cheese-eating surrender  
He's been relatively quiet for a few years; I'm not sure if we're
saving him for later (unlikely; North Korea's really lots more fun,
and strategically important because otherwise there'd be lots of good reasons
for getting the US military out of South Korea and the rest of that corner
of the Pacific, but now we can't do that because there's a convenient
nu-cu-lur madman around.)
As it was, I was spell-checking Hafez al-Assad when Google reminded me
that he'd died a couple years ago from cancer, and his kid Bashar had taken Bashar's smarter brother Bassel had been supposed to succeed him,
but had a suspicious "car accident" in the mid 90s.
Syria still has a Baath Socialist Party, as Iraq did, but it's not clear
whether there's really a strong enough relationship to worry about,
and while America Has Always Been At War With Hafez al-Assad,
and Krauthammer thinks we should be at war with Bashar,
there's a lot of opinion that maybe he'll fail to be a credible enough
target for the warmongers to really pull off an invasion of convenience.

@_date: 2003-05-06 11:09:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Crypto-making vs Crypto-breaking 
What Tim said ...
I'm not sure how detrimental an effect it would have.
Most of the evil things that the State can do don't depend on secrecy;
the day-to-day bureaucracy doesn't care, and Brinworld would have
much more of an effect on them (i.e. people actually bothering to
watch their bureaucrats in action, as opposed to wiretapping them.)
Disrupting the banking system and online trade is much more of an issue,
because tapping the flow of money is critical to the state,
and if it's not flowing, they've got problems.
Governments like secrecy, and if they assume that they have it,
individuals working for more willing to do things that would
get them fired, shot, or hanged, and the military would have to
go back to sending guys with briefcases handcuffed to their wrists
to haul one-time pads around for tactical applications,
and jackboot-net the rest of their planning data,
which would be annoying but isn't much different from 100 years ago,
when we managed to have a War To End All Wars just fine.
Tax collectors can work perfectly well without privacy, as long as
they don't mind violating their subjects' privacy -- which they don't.
Welfare-state bureaucrats and case-workers can redistribute income
and poke into people's family business without crypto-privacy.
The problem, of course, is that you don't get to pick :-)
We have crypto that lets you keep your data secure against
however many iterations of Moore's Law you believe will happen
in your lifetime (unless you believe Nanotech will save us all.)
Quantum crypto could trash public-key crypto, and we'd have to resort back to
keyserver-based systems like Kerberos.
The real risks aren't from picking the front door locks -
they're from the back doors.  Smart Dust isn't very dusty yet,
and Brinworld ubiquitous cameras aren't ubiquitous yet either,
but that 10000-bit RSA key and 7-DES don't do much good if you can't
enter the keys into your computer securely or read the decrypted results
without the dust on your Smart Contact Lenses also reading them
or the cameras across the room watching your eyes move
(either the hidden ones, or the wall-screen interactive TV ones)
or Microsoft Patriotware or Back Orifice relaying your keystrokes to fbivax.
Brinworld ain't pretty, but the important tax in the future won't be
the cash you pay, but the N% of your time you have to spend watching
your government officials at work, and the main way to minimize it
is to decrease the number of government workers that need watching.

@_date: 2003-05-06 13:02:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: what moral obligation? (Re: DRM technology and policy) 
Only if the round pieces of plastic in decorative jewel box cases
are labelled "CD-ROM" and/or use the "CD" logo.
I've heard that some of the recent sellers of user-preventing round plastic
have responded, correctly, to Philips's announcements about the issue
by no longer labelling them as CDs.
At that point, the implied assertion that the round plastic container
for intellectual property packaging is a "CD" is no more deceptive
than the implied assertion that it contains "music".

@_date: 2003-05-06 19:22:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Capitalism and monopolism 
It's not politically feasible, so the discussion's moot.
It's probably not constitutionally feasible - patents and copyrights are
grants of monopoly for a limited amount of time, and while I suppose they
might be able to get away with "Term of small-N years, extensions available
under such-and-such conditions", it'd be pretty tough to pull that one off.
Writing clear enforceable definitions of terms is likely to be impossible also.
If you've got a patent on producing Unobtanium, then you've got 100% market but if you've got a patent on some particular method to speed up some common process
by some small percent, you might have 1% market penetration because other have other methods of speeding it up.  The difference isn't the quality of it's the definition of "the market" implied by the type of innovation.
Trademarks, as Variola points out, aren't really the problem here,
though there are certainly annoying conflicts between trademarks of products
(where multiple types of things can have the same name) vs. domain names
(where there can be only one), and control of DNS by the
trademark forces appears to have been one of the main motivations for ICANN.
(It's not just the control of the namespace - it's the insistence that
everybody who does DNS registration everywhere be required to collect
True Names and True ICBM-and-Subpoena-delivery addresses from registrants
that's the really ugly problem.)
Before?  Sorry, but you're going to have to send Ahnold back in time to do We've had the Gipper, Mr. Rogers's Evil Twin Skippy, Elvis with the
sex scandal and The War in Albania (except that the scandal was used to cover up
the war more than the other way around), Right-Wing Republican Pod People,
your favorite Kafka-inspired movies, most of the cast of Dr. Strangelove in and out of various administrations,  and of course the
Sonny Bono Almost-but-not-quite-Permanent Copyright Extension Act.

@_date: 2003-05-06 19:51:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Defending decentralized societies from military aggression 
IIRC, Switzerland and Australia have both had episodes of the president or prime minister dying and nobody missing them for a few days or nobody recognizing the body when it was found.
The Swiss didn't invent one of their major defense technologies, which was mountains that are lousy places to run massed tank battles, but they used them quite effectively, just as they did against massed elephant-mounted Also, the banking business was one of the more useful things in Switzerland (as opposed to cheese and chocolate), and it's much more difficult to usefully steal a bunch of burned fragments of bank account ledgers than a harbor or a bunch of flat farmland.
The Conquest actually took quite a lot longer than that.  Sure, after Hastings the Conqueror's forces were on the island, and he was able to use some of Harald's forces against some of the other lesser kings of parts of England, but the solidity of central control over England was always dubious, what with various sets of regional kings, Vikings from Scandinavia, Scots and Picts in the north, Vikings from their hangouts in Ireland, uncles and cousins and younger brothers with claims to the throne (and the willingness to fight for them).  The Conqueror stomped down lots of this over the next decade or so, and had more control than anybody had had since maybe Alfred, but it was a couple of generations before the Norman were solidly in control.
The UN were also sent packing.

@_date: 2003-05-07 11:04:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Iris scanning 
One thing the article said was:
         > The report found that iris recognition did better than most
         > but one manufacturer's claim of a 0.5% false identification rate
         > ballooned to 6% during the DOD tests.
         > With 13 million people currently on the FBI's watch list,
         > any large scale biometric system could mean millions of people
         > being detained when crossing borders.
While the point they're trying to make is about false positives,
the THIRTEEN MILLION PEOPLE ON THE FBI WATCH LIST just kind of slides by.
That's equal to 5% of the US population, on Federal watch lists.
         (Yes, obviously some of those are foreigners, but then half the US          are young enough that hopefully almost none of them attract Federal attention...)
What an outrage!

@_date: 2003-05-08 19:41:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Collectivism in "community gardens" 
Gardening is emotionally rewarding in its own right, as well as getting you Lots of people also grow flowers they don't eat...
Back when I lived in New Jersey, the Bell Labs plant where I worked had a garden area
out back that employees could use, and it was somewhat popular with apartment dwellers
who worked there.  Given the quasi-rural area and the local population,
there wasn't much theft problem, but there was some; a friend of mine said his technique
for avoiding theft was to grow kohlrabi "for some reason nobody ever steals it :-)".
Occasionally other people used other parts of the back pasture to grow dope,
and I've never heard it confirmed or denied whether the official building policy was to smoke any that they confiscated.

@_date: 2003-05-10 02:25:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
Eminent domain gets used for all kinds of appalling things -
it's not just governments building roads or military bases,
or even governments taking land for government-run activities.
It's also used for shopping malls and such where the government thinks
it can get higher property tax revenues or "improve" the city or
increase campaign contributions from real estate developers,
and in the past it was used for "urban renewal", i.e. tearing down
housing inhabited primarily by black people.
In the past year, some major big-box retailer chain had a shareholder
proposal to never use eminent domain to acquire their building sites,
and management found a way to get it not to be voted on,
as opposed to just voting against it.  I don't think it was Walmart.

@_date: 2003-05-10 18:32:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: New Nuclear Weapons Design Budget passes Senate Committee 
Now that the Bush Administration has finished the
War On Some People Who Might Have Weapons of Mass Destruction,
they've gotten approval from the Senate Armed Services Committee
for their budget request for about $50M in nuclear weapons design research
and improvement of their testing facilities.
Most of the design half of the budget is for nuclear bunker busters,
but they're also starting some work on new small nukes.
The "small" nukes are "up to 5 kt", so they're probably not the
very small backpack-carriable weapons,
while the bunker busters could be up to a megaton.
This is just one Senate committee, not the full budget or a complete bill,
but it does break the ban on new weapons of mass destruction development
that's been around for ~11 years.

@_date: 2003-05-11 00:22:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Underestimating long-term consequences of cryptoanarchy 
When I was a kid, gambling was illegal because it was immoral,
and wasteful, and took bread out of poor children's mouths,
and oppressed the less educated, except of course for bingo at
the volunteer fire company or Catholic church, in which case it was
charitable giving mixed with harmless entertainment for the elderly.
(Or for some reason, if it involved horse racing.)
Now it's illegal back home because it competes with the state lottery.
Sorry, that won't wash.   If it's moral for the state to raise money that way,
it's hypocritical for them to continue banning private gambling.
Not always, because the "state lotto jackpot" can reach positive expectation,
if there's no big winner for enough weeks in a row so lots of suckers have
already lost.  It's still pretty much a sucker bet, but because the betting
isn't all simultaneous, some bettors really can be much luckier than average.
All this was different in New Jersey, of course.  The state was finally
permitted to offer a daily-number lottery as long as the payouts were
lower than the main Mafia-run daily-number lotteries,
and the lottery point-of-sale posters say where the money goes,
so you can tell that in spite of the politicians saying it was for
schools and old people, about half the profits went to running prisons.
No thanks.
Last time I played a government lottery, I didn't win the green suit and guns
or the two-year vacation in exciting tropical Southeast Asia.
Didn't even win the third-prize government-health-care physical.
Ain't planning to play again.

@_date: 2003-05-11 15:42:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: faster modexp()? cipheractive 
The cryptography-request at metzdowd.com list is managed by majordomo at metzdowd.com -
send the correct major email saying "help".
This is the old "cryptography at toad.com", later "cryptography at c2.net",
list, which Perry Metzger moderates.
 >>>> info cryptography
"Cryptography" is a low-noise moderated mailing list devoted to
cryptographic technology and its political impact. Occasionally,
the moderator allows the topic to veer more generally into security
and privacy technology and its impact, but this is rare.
WHAT TOPICS ARE APPROPRIATE:
   "On topic" discussion includes technical aspects of cryptosystems,
   social repercussions of cryptosystems, and the politics of
   cryptography such as export controls or laws restricting cryptography.
   Discussions unrelated to cryptography are considered off topic.
   Please try to keep your postings on topic.
MODERATION POLICY:
   In order to keep the signal to noise ratio high, the mailing list
   is moderated. The moderator does not forward off topic messages,
   messages that have substantially the same content as earlier messages,
   etc.
   Please not that the moderator does not always have the time to send an
   explanation of why a message was not forwarded.
TO POST: send mail with your message to
      cryptography at metzdowd.com
TO UNSUBSCRIBE: send mail to
      majordomo at metzdowd.com
   with the line
      unsubscribe cryptography
   in the body of your mail.
 >>>> end
END OF COMMANDS

@_date: 2003-05-11 16:36:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: faster modexp()? cipheractive 
I haven't downloaded and seen whether you need to disassemble the
free crippleware to figure out what it's really doing,
but my friend John Doe tried unsuccessfully to do so,
and perhaps a human will respond to the log messages tomorrow.
It wants some kind of public key, probably a raw hex RSA key.
Two obvious methods for them to use are
- some interesting mathematical breakthrough like Montgomery Multiplication only faster
         (ok, how to make such a breakthrough isn't obvious,
         but what to do with it if you had one is.)
- no new math, just building a modexp library that uses
         vector processing features on Intel-like chips like SSE / SSE2 / etc.

@_date: 2003-05-12 10:33:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: community gardens 
Minor technical correction - hoboes are migrant workers,
as opposed to tramps, who are migrant non-workers,
or bums, who are non-migrant non-workers,
and hoboes aren't likely to be hanging out in that kind of area,
at least during the times of year there's active gardening going on,
because that's when they're most likely to be working on farms.
That may be different down in Watsonville, where there's a lot of
railroad connectivity and a lot of farms, but up in Santa Cruz and
certainly up in Berkeley, it's much more likely to just be bums.
Yup.  Barbed wire definitely spruces up a community.....

@_date: 2003-05-12 10:39:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
Could you at least bouncegram the mail that you're not saving,
or else have SMTP use a reject message that says what it's doing?
That way the occasional non-whitelisted non-subscriber human
who sends mail to the list will get some indication that the mail's
been rejected and what to do about it.

@_date: 2003-05-12 22:48:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
The obvious mechanisms for including it are a header line,
         X-Hashcash-Version-1212: 0x20A13490B8219048243
which is easy pretty easy for almost anybody to add.
You could also do an ESMTP extension of some sort, which is much more annoying to add,
but lets you reject non-hashcashed messages before receiving them.
(The ESMTP approach also has the problem that it's only useful for
direct connections, as opposed to mail relayed through your ISP,
so that probably isn't as interesting.)
Some of the hashcash proposals have required near-real-time interaction
between the sender's client and the recipient's server,
to collect the string of the day or string of the moment,
which has privacy/anonymity problems,
while others either use a fixed or slowly changing parameter set,
e.g. find a string that matches the first N bits of the SHA1 of
         recipient at example.com-YYYYMMDDHH
or      recipient at example.com-YYYYMMDDHH-KEYPHRASE
So the recipient's mail server or client looks for the X-Hashcash string,
makes sure it isn't recipient at example.com-YYYYMMDDHH-KEYPHRASE,
hashes it and makes sure that the number matches, and you're good to go.

@_date: 2003-05-13 21:45:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Blue Windscreen of Death 
A different kind of car crash
------ Forwarded Message
Crashed Computer Traps Thai Politician
Updated 14 May 2003
  Thailand's Finance Minister Suchart Jaovisidha had to be rescued today
from inside his expensive BMW limousine after the onboard computer crashed,
leaving the vehicle immobilized.
Once the computer failed, neither the door locks, power windows nor air
conditioning systems would function, leaving the Minister and his driver
trapped inside the rapidly heating vehicle.
Despite the pair's best efforts, it took a full ten minutes before they
were able to summon the attention of a nearby guard who freed the
two men by smashing one of the vehicle's windows with a sledgehammer.
A report (
published in the Bangkok Post indicates that the vehicle was Mr
Jaovisidha's own BMW 520 which was being used while his
state-supplied Mercedes, was being repaired.
BMW's more up-market 7-series range uses a computer system called
i-drive which has Microsoft's WindowsCE at its core
Did Mr Jaovisidha narrowly miss being killed by the blue windscreen of death?
Robert J. Berger - Internet Bandwidth Development, LLC.
Voice: 408-882-4755 eFax: +1-408-490-2868
------ End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 2003-05-13 22:00:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
> [Micropayment, sender pays recipient, refund for non-spam]
I can see the advertising campaign for this now:
 > You, yes YOU!! Can M4K3 M0N3Y FA$T!  Just By READING EMAIL!!!
 > FIND OUT HOW BY SENDING US $9.95 or 10.2Euros or 1 Gram of e-Gold!
It's frustrating, because just about any set of who-pays-whom-for-email
fails badly other than sender-pays-recipient-somehow.

@_date: 2003-05-15 09:08:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Homeland Security Department Used to Track Texas Democratic 
Yow!  Either Jon Stewart's Daily Show or Jay Leno last night
was quoting one of the Texas Republicans joking about
the Democrats being Terrorists for blocking the bill this way,
but apparently he wasn't totally joking.
(Daily Show also showed a bunch of people in chicken suits
mocking the Democrats, which is a perfectly appropriate response...)
Apparently they only have to hold out till sometime Friday,
but it's illegal to prevent a quorum in the legislature
so the Republicans are able to send Texas police after them.
I don't know if that law is intended to apply to outsiders preventing
a quorum or if it really does apply to walkouts like this one.
There's the initial posting and then a followup.
------ Forwarded Message
(someone sent me this url... here it is for the IP if you wish)
Published on  Wednesday, May 14, 2003 by CommonDreams.org
Homeland Security Department Used to Track Texas Democrats
by Glenn W. Smith
Republicans in Washington and Austin, Texas apparently used a
Homeland Security Department agency to track Texas Democratic
legislators who left the state to block passage of a GOP-backed
Congressional redistricting bill.
This is the same Homeland Security Department that is supposed to be
making America safe from foreign terrorists. It's the agency we were
told would never be used for domestic political purposes.
But today's edition of the Fort Worth Star-Telegram reports that the
Air and Marine Interdiction and Coordination Center, in Riverside,
California, became involved in the Republican search for 51
Democratic state representatives who went to Ardmore, Oklahoma to
break a quorum of the House and block action on the redistricting
Here's what the Star-Telegram reported: "The agency received a call
to locate a specific Piper turboprop aircraft. It was determined that
the plane belonged to former House Speaker Pete Laney." Laney is one
of the Democrats who is fighting against the redistricting bill.
The newspaper said, "Laney's plane proved to be a key piece of
information because, (Republican House Speaker) Craddick said, it's
how he determined that the Democrats were in Ardmore. 'We called
someone, and they said they were going to track it. I have no idea
how they tracked it down,' Craddick said. 'That's how we found them.'"
The Interdiction and Coordination center "falls under the auspices of
the Homeland Security Department," the Star-Telegram reported.
Republican Craddick, at the request of U.S. Rep. Tom DeLay, is
pushing a redistricting plan that would eliminate five Democrats from
the U.S. Congress. Currently, the Texas delegation contains 17
Democrats and 15 Republicans.
While saying they "called someone," Craddick denied making calls to
any federal agency, but DeLay confirmed that Republicans sought the
assistance of federal law enforcement.
The action by the House Democrats, dubbed the "Heroes of the House"
and the "Killer D's" (a reference to a similar quorum-busting action
by Texas Senate Democrats in the late 1970s), has gained national
attention. Their action has also received a surprising amount of
support from Texas newspapers, which have criticized the deeply
partisan actions of Texas Republicans.
Republican leaders in Texas and Washington are furious. They have
called the Democrats, holed up in a Holiday Inn in Ardmore, "cowards"
and "terrorists."
State troopers have followed the Democrats wives, parents and
children. Troopers even staked out a hospital where one lawmaker's
premature twins  are being cared for. Staffers have been harassed.
All this has happened after the location of the Democrats was known.
Now, in a chilling revelation, we discover  the Homeland Security
Department was apparently used to try and track the Democrats'
It was no doubt a ham-fisted, incautious and bungled attempt (like
the Watergate burglary) by Republicans to use all the law enforcement
they could find to overcome the Democrats' temporary advantage.
But the use of the Homeland Security Department for partisan
political purposes should alarm all Americans. It deserves a full,
complete and independent investigation.
The warnings of civil libertarians appear to have been justified.
Even if it turns out that some half-crazed Republican staffer or
independent investigator called the Air and Marine Interdiction and
Coordination Center, it raises disturbing questions about the
operations of Homeland Security and the lengths Republicans will go
enforce their will.
Americans deserve to know the details of this scandal. And they
deserve to know them now.
Glenn W. Smith is managing director/consultant to the progressive
Rockridge Institute of Oakland, California. Smith lives in Austin,
Texas. His email is glenns at affinitydynamics.com .
------ Forwarded Message
The online version of the article you sent has a link to an article in the
Ft Worth Start-Telegram, The CommonDreams.org article didn't make it clear that rules of the
legislature apparently give the state cops the authority to round up
legislators if they are needed to make a quorum.  Bringing in federal
agencies still crosses the line, and the in-state tactics are questionable.
But the (partisan) reporting in the CommonDreams article leaves the reader
with the impression that it was over the line to be looking for the
legislators at all.
       Posted on Wed, May. 14, 2003
       Eyes of Texas, U.S. on truant legislators
       By Jay Root
       Star-Telegram Austin Bureau
                   STAR-TELEGRAM/RODGER MALLISON
                   Reps. Al Edwards of Houston, Helen Giddings of DeSoto and
Sylvester Turner of Houston talk with reporters in Austin. The three
Democratic representatives returned to the House on Tuesday.
       Wives have been watched. A former House speaker's plane was tracked.
Federal officials have been asked to intervene. Even the El Paso Police
Department has gotten involved.
       The hunt for Democrats on the lam from the Texas Legislature has
involved virtually every level of government, ranging from a house call by
local cops to monitoring conducted -- apparently unwittingly -- by a
California-based agency that normally is involved in the fight against
terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
       By Tuesday night, only one House member, Rep. Helen Giddings,
D-DeSoto, had been apprehended.
       State Rep. Craig Eiland, D-Galveston, said he believes that the
dragnet went overboard when a Texas Ranger tried to find him Monday night at
the neonatal unit of the Galveston hospital where his newborn twins are
recovering -- in intensive care. Eiland said he called the agent on his
cellphone and told him that DPS agents had already found him in Ardmore,
Okla. -- where he and most of his fellow boycotters are in self-imposed
       "It's unnecessary, bordering on harassment," Eiland said. "Let the
good guys go back to catching the bad guys and let the politicians deal with
each other."
       The Texas Department of Public Safety says it's just doing its job:
trying to haul in more than 50 Democrats who skipped town to block a
controversial vote on redistricting.
       Although their tactic isn't a crime, state law enforcement officers
have the authority to arrest members of the Legislature and deliver them to
the Capitol to achieve the necessary quorum. At least three divisions of the
DPS -- state troopers, Texas Rangers and the Special Crimes unit -- are on
the case.
------ End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 2003-05-15 11:26:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NYT on Biometrics 
I like the juxtaposition of two of the articles in David Pogue's NYT "Circuits" online column today...
The article is about iris scanners, not retina scanners,
and it doesn't mention the effects of glasses on it.
I'd guess that conventional eyeglasses would  interfere with its effectiveness,
because they magnify or shrink the image and may distort it in other ways,
but perhaps the scanners already need to rescale to adapt to different
camera angles and distances.
6. How It Works: A Scanner Zeroes In on the Eyes
The eye-scanning system at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport is
something of a novelty. But the technology might someday
replace traditional forms of identification.
7. Online Shopper: Finding Eyeglasses on the Web
The Web may seem an unlikely place to shop for eyeglasses.
But it even lets you check the fit.

@_date: 2003-05-16 17:20:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: what fields to hash with hashcash (Re: A Trial Balloon to 
The hash is easy to do - Given a target "T",
provide a string "X" for Bit(i,SHA1(X)) == Bit(i,SHA1(T)) for i=1...n,
and Substring(SHA1(X),N+1,160) != Substring(SHA1(T),N+1,160).
You'll need to try roughly 2**N inputs to find one.

@_date: 2003-05-17 17:00:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: <nettime> The War on David Nelson 
Part of the problem is that they *don't* have locally infinite authority,
only locally infinite responsibility.
The minimum-wage incompetents have orders they *must* follow,
and don't have the authority to decide when they're bogus or inappropriate
or have been documented around or obviously apply to some *other* Dave Nelson,
but do know that if they get caught failing to harass _this_ Dave Nelson,
they lose their jobs, and if they let _some_ Dave Nelson through and the plane blows up,
they're in even worse trouble.

@_date: 2003-05-19 11:12:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: using PoW + filters to avoid false positives (Re: Re: A 
Steve Bellovin pointed out that spammers who use open relays and
open proxies will happily burn those CPUs doing proof-of-work
as well as burning their bandwidth multiplying spam.
That's not necessarily a _bad_ thing, if it gets the attention of
the people running the relay/proxy machines (:-)
But it's a basic problem with link-based proof-of-work like START_TLS
as opposed to end-to-end proof-of-work mechanisms in the message itself.
If you do link-based, the pnly last relay site needs to do the work,
so the spammer can steal CPU from lots of machines without burning his own.
If you do message-based proof-of-work, it's much harder to get a proxy
or relay to do the work, as opposed to using the spammer's own machine.
START_TLS and other link-based mechanisms _do_ have the benefit of
harassing dialup and DSL spammers, who are using their own CPUs without relays,
so it at least gets rid of some of the ankle-biters and forces spammers
to abuse relays and proxies, which may be easier to identify
(especially because they're using START_TLS...)
This has the side benefit that it cuts down on the use of dial/dsl blacklists,
which are one of the extremely annoying sources of collateral damage
in the anti-spam world.

@_date: 2003-05-19 11:19:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: changes at lne.com 
If you're thinking about using relay blocking lists,
you'll also need to whitelist them,
because there are some systems like John Gilmore's that get blocked otherwise.
I don't know how many of the remailers show up on blacklists,
but the remailer-operators list periodically notes domains that
get blacklisted as well, so it's non-zero.

@_date: 2003-05-19 15:53:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Good things gro-o-o-o-w, in Ontario-o-o-o... 
Matrix?  On pot?  Sounds like the wrong kind of drug for that movie,
at least for the first couple of times you watch it.
(Oh, wow, man, look at Neo fly!  Pass the popcorn...)
I'd expect something speedier would be a more appropriate choice,
though I personally don't take things speedier than caffeine.

@_date: 2003-05-20 01:22:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Commercial Spam-blocker with Sender-Pays using PayPal 
I'm forwarding this just because it's the first time I've seen a commercial
spam-blocker program that implements sender-pays, so it seemed topical.
I don't know if any of their customers have actually implemented that feature
(it's got other alternatives like a Bayesian filter and Turing auto-responder)
or if anybody has actually bothered to send them mail if they use it.
(Their email for it looks like semi-spammy drivel, but they've got permission,
because I was once interested in getting updates about one of their
other packages and haven't bothered unsubscribing.)
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, May 19, 2003 11:19 AM
This is probably the 10th e-mail message you've received telling you how
you can get rid of junk e-mail messages. But, I found a sweet software
package that you might find a little more useful than all of the other
anti-spam programs you've heard about. The program is called Spam
Sleuth, and it just so happens that Blue Squirrel released an updated
version, 2.0.10, last week.
How does Spam Sleuth defeat spam? The program uses a Point System.
Spam Sleuth has analyzers, and each analyzer: Friends, Spammers,To,
Goodwords, Badwords, Profanity, Subject, Attachments, Charsets, HTML
Volume, etc. looks at an e- mail a different way and assigns points. The
more points an e-mail message receives the more likely it is to be
deemed as spam. The less points an e-mail message receives the more
likely it is a real gem. Think of it as though it was a contest, and
each Analyzer is a different judge, and the messages are the
contestants, and Spam Sleuth is the scorekeeper. Every judge looks at
the e-mail message and assigns points based on specific criteria. Then
all of the points are added together to create an overall total. More
points is bad, and less points is good.
The point system is clever, and works wonderfully, but the heart of Spam
Sleuth has some killer features:
Turing Test: If Spam Sleuth accidentally catches a message as spam, it
lets the sender type some special letters to show that the message
wasn't sent by a mindless machine, and the message is allowed through to
your InBox. (Great way to know if you're dealing with a real human on
the other end.)  This is my favorite because I can be much more
aggressive with my settings without worrying I'll miss an important
E-Mail Stamps: Allows you to charge senders a fee to let an e-mail
message through to your inbox. Spam Sleuth sends an email back to the
sender and requires them to make a payment via PayPal before the program
will allow the message through to your inbox. You configure and decide
how much your time is worth, whether it's 5 cents, or a buck. (That's
right, you make the spammers pay you to send junk e-mail messages.)
Bayesian Analysis: Looks at your previous e-mail and learns the
characteristics of spam and good e-mail. Just like a baby, it needs to
be taught right from wrong. By marking your messages as Good or Spam,
and then Training the Bayesian Analyzer, you can teach it right from
wrong. Then it can contribute to the decision of whether a new e-mail is
spam or not. (Now that's what I call cloning.)
Be sure to check this program out, download a 60 day demo from:
P.S. I hooked you up with a discount. So if you call 800-403-0925 or
visit  you can get a
copy for $19.95 vs. $29.95 normally.

@_date: 2003-05-22 11:28:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: TIA: Terrorist Information Awareness 
No, no, you're misunderstanding it.
They're renaming it because anybody they want to watch is a terrorist.
That's not just the 13 million people on the FBI's Watch List,
it's the 250 million suspicious characters they haven't got evidence on yet.

@_date: 2003-05-26 22:53:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: next: cops dressed as kids turn in parents 
Hey, lots of people say their local cops are bums.
These cops are just admitting it.  What's the problem?
OK, so it may be insulting to the homeless.  But it's also appropriately
critical of the people who don't see the homeless when they walk by them,
so it's got as much claim to political correctness as incorrectness.
The state assemblycritter was so negligent that his daughter
hadn't learned to wear seat belts (regardless of who was driving)
and the voters elected him?  Sigh.  It's too bad that Darwin
didn't take out him instead of his kid.

@_date: 2003-05-27 01:53:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Nigerian Spammers Using TDD/TTY Telephone Relay Service 
This weekend I received three or more cell phone calls from 800-855-0000,
which said they were the AT&T Relay Service, which relays phone calls
from deaf people using TDD or TTY or now internet webform services.
They claimed to be a "Dr. Charles Ego" (or some name like that)
asking to confirm that I'd received his email, and asking for my email I was a bit puzzled, because none of the deaf people I have known
over the years are doctors, and one of the two signing people
I know well was at dinner with me when the call arrived,
and they were calling like this was a business call,
but it was Sunday night before a US Monday holiday,
so they were probably calling from somewhere that it was Monday daytime.
The name sounded enough like the usual fraudulent Nigerian Email Scam,
so I asked what time zone he was in, and he replied 12:00 GMT,
which didn't make sense (either it's Atlantic Time, or he was just wrong.)
So I poked around the AT&T Relay Service web site,
and it sounds like we've got a new web-based interface to
free telephone relay service and the spammers have discovered
the potential for abusing it.   Sigh.
And it's got a privacy policy that sounds like it'll be
difficult to track down these callers.....
The web site says they deal with privacy issues by not storing call content,
though at first reading it doesn't really say whether they do or don't store
call record information like IP address, phone number, or
call duration, though since it's free that probably means it's
either government-subsidized or some other mandated program with
accounting requirements like that, or if they have an
"except for drugs or terrorism" requirement.

@_date: 2003-05-28 14:52:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Extent of UK snooping revealed 
So do something clearly artificial but complex,
like taking all the spam from your spambait account and
probing the IPs it came from and websites it references
to collect some statistics and also check for relay and proxy status
and maybe display some samples of spam collections on the "some lame archive" website.
Me?  I wasn't browsing Thoughtcrime - that was just my spam harasser.

@_date: 2003-05-29 01:33:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Nullsoft's WASTE communication system 
- Overview
 - Security section
 - Network design
 - Slashdot discusssion
Nullsoft, who did Winamp and Gnutella, just released a package called W A S T E
which does encrypted communications within small groups of people.
It doesn't appear to have had outside analysis of its security yet,
but they do invite it, and they say it needs some work.

@_date: 2003-11-04 02:13:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FLASH: DHS wants info on store refunds? 
Sounds like a pure bogus lie to me.  Doesn't mean the _kid_ was lying;
he may have been told that that was the policy,
or the complexities of Homeland Security vs. Fed Firearms Burons vs.
State Gun Law Enforcer Thugs may just be beyond him.
Normally there'd be no reason that the store would be required to
accept your returns at all, except that it's good business,
but in this case they told you they would, so it's a verbal contract.
If you've already talked to the manager, and haven't gotten satisfaction,
then yeah, it's time to deal with the other store.

@_date: 2003-11-07 10:30:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Blacknet - SF Chron: Credit agencies sending our files  abroad 
More of Tim's Blacknet predictions coming true.
(And they didn't mention that the Jamaican call center's comment on
whether information might be used in ways that US laws didn't control was
"No problem, mon"...)
You are subscribed as billstewart at att.com
To manage your subscription, go to
  Archives at:

@_date: 2003-11-19 16:49:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ashcroft's bake sale, no questions allowed, gvt-issued 
Remember, the Government isn't speaking English, they're speaking
Bureauspeak,which is a more verbose version of Newspeak,
so most of us here are non-native speakers.
There'll be lots of *questions*, like "Who's getting baked?"
and "When can we impeach the Vegetable?", and
"Oh, my, what absurdly offensive thing will they come up with this time?".
On the other hand, the announcement only says that the _media_
need to have Government-Issued ID and Official Press Passes
and come in the Embedded Servants' Entrance.
Wear your overalls and bring a box of pumpkins and cabbage
and you can walk on in the front door with the other farmers.
Probably have to leave your pitchfork behind,
because even the Bush League gets nervous around peasants with pitchforks,
but no problem if you've got your cell-phone/camera/recorder.
Too bad it's past tomato season on the East Coast....
            Farmer Bill

@_date: 2003-11-19 17:30:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Freedomphone 
While the phone hardware is EU3500/pair, the Windows software is free -
we'll see if they've set it up in a way that PC-to-PC connections work.
I'm also interested in the question of whether they've learned some of
the technical lessons that the SpeakFreely project learned
(e.g. NAT, delay accumulation from TCP, tuning for Windows perfomance.)
While this phone isn't Free Software in the RMSically-correct sense
or even the BSD "leave our name on it and don't sue us" sense,
it's at least openly published for inspection, though unless the
programming environment that it supports is very resticted,
the "compile the code and compare the binaries" approach is pretty lame,
since optimizing compilers tend to make it difficult.
Skype is a non-starter from a security perspective -
too many proprietary parts, apparently including codecs,
closed source, documentation written by people who don't understand
cryptographic security beyond the buzzword level on a team that's
small enough that you'd expect that that implies the coders don't either.
On the other hand, if it gets more than 15 minutes of fame worth of use,
it may be an interesting experiment in user interface and architecture,
which somebody else could use with better crypto and policies.
           Bill

@_date: 2003-11-24 12:57:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Freedomphone 
If you've got an in-phone address book, might as well
let the user cache some randomly-generated password string with it.
That doesn't protect you against someone stealing the phone,
but it means you've got an authentic connection to your co-conspirator's
stolen phone rather than to somebody else's phone.
If your threat model assumes that they can trick your phone into
doing things, you're already toast anyway.
If you're worried that Interpol will subpoena your phone
and show that the "Alice" and "Bob" passwords in your phone
correspond to Alice the Narc and Bob, your prisoner's-dilemma
ex-co-conspirator who's busy ratting you out,
they can probably do the same thing just from the phone numbers
(IP or otherwise.)

@_date: 2003-11-24 16:15:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Asrg] Re: [Politech] Congress finally poised to vote on 
.ad.vrsn.com>
... [reasonable goals] ...  [hashed-form lists instead of plaintext]...
Especially for domains, it's important to do some validation,
though in the absence of widely-deployed DNSSEC, it's hard to do automatically.
Perhaps 3-way-handshake email to postmaster at example.com or
the whois administrative contact address.
(This also has the side-effect of requiring people to actually use their
postmaster addresses, at least for fifteen minutes or so :-)
And while hashing has the obvious risk of dictionary attacks,
it'll at least cut back on some of the abuses,
especially if the list is dynamic and the spamware vendors who
do the dictionary attacks want to charge lots of money for it.
Also, the scale's a lot more annoying searching a million obvious names
on each of 20 million domains with a hash that takes a second per hit,
though Moore's Law will obviously erode the hash time.
Obviously spammers will target popular mail systems first.
However, there are two special email address forms that complicate this a bit
- tagged addresses - username+tag at example.com
         There are several different syntaxes for this - plusses, dashes, etc.,
         and either you just ignore the problem
         (let the user register  however many tagged addresses they want),
         or else you special-case the rules so that bulk-emailers
         who want to send mail to a plus-tagged address also must
         check the untagged version.
- per-user subdomains - anything at username.example.com
         Technically this is no different than any other per-domain blocking,
         but administratively it's different, because there's no whois record
         and there might not be a postmaster address.
There's a scalability problem that has to be solved,
which is how to prevent a DOS-by-signing-up-too-many-addresses attack.
An example would be a Turing test image on a web page
(which has the downside of preventing automated signups,
as well as annoying blind people), or else requiring a
hashcash puzzle that takes ten times as long as the list's hash function.

@_date: 2003-11-25 11:12:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Asrg] Re: [Politech] Congress finally poised to vote on 
.ad.vrsn.com>
I suppose you could do that, though it's probably harder
to coordinate that for subdomains, whose owners are less likely
to be directly managing their DNS records.
You'd probably want to do special cases for large domains
like AOL, etc., where the users have limited gateways to the internet.
You're still vulnerable to DDOS-type attacks by armies of zombies,
though of course they've got lots of other bad things they can do.
Too true.  It's too bad, because you'd only need a couple
hundred million records for the US, and signing up is the
only part that's got real-time performance constraints.

@_date: 2003-11-27 00:49:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Removing SSZ - Re: Cypherpunks List Info 
I don't remember if I replied (my personal email system was hosed for a while),
but there are some Usual Suspects who'll be in town soon,
and we'll probably do some kind of get-together.
It may get called a Cypherpunks meeting or it may just be an expedition.
Of course, if you or anybody else would like to volunteer,
announce a meeting and see what happens, and I'll be happy to help
find the pieces of the mail system that the meetingpunks list lives on.
                 Bill

@_date: 2003-11-29 12:05:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: e voting (receipts, votebuying, brinworld) 
Optical Mark Sense - certainly the way to go if you want to computerize,
except that the manufacturers aren't big Bush Republican donors.
I'm used to mechanical lever machines in Delaware and New Jersey
(which seem to mostly work well except for write-in votes),
plus the punch-card things in California which are boring but workable.
If somebody wanted to do an OMS system that had a fancy touch-screen interface,
you could have the touch-screen machine print the OMS ballot,
and lay out the printed version so it's human-readable,
with a bit of extra assistance like checksums,
plus have a verifier read it to make sure it's correctly machine-readable.
That'd let you have big print for low-sighted people,
voice readout for blind people, randomized order for random people, etc.
Actually, it tends to be 352x288, which is the resolution of
cheap CCD video camera chips.  Some of the early cheap digital cameras
used that, before going to 640x480 (good enough for web pictures)
and then to higher resolutions.
They're mostly starting to do 640x480, but they're somewhat limited
by the low data rates that most of the phones get.
Phones with EDGE or 1xRTT or other higher-speed data rates,
and phones that use Bluetooth to upload to computers,
are set to do more, but otherwise it tends to take too long to transmit
(and remember that for phone-to-phone videos between Japanese teenagers,
which are the market driver, it's the slower phone that counts.)

@_date: 2003-11-29 16:01:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
Nope - too likely to take pictures of guests who are not unwanted -
perhaps even some who wish to remain anonymous.
However, the "agents"' folder was labeled "SP" -
is this really the Feebs, or the Scientology Police
hunting for Suppressive Persons ?

@_date: 2003-11-29 19:18:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Disguising the Key length (Was...Has a change taken place 
The answer to both those questions is
extremely dependent on the message formats
(plus whether the public keys are published :-)
PGP's formats may be ugly bit-twiddly stuff,
but they're also highly visible unless you're using the
add-on stealth packages.  Most of the other formats
for expressing bignum data also tell you how big the numbers are
(or use a fixed-length key.)  Some signature algorithms
produce output that's shorter than the public key
(such as 160-bit signatures), but if you can find the
public key you can obviously tell.
But for the second question, why bother?  Use adequately long keys.

@_date: 2003-11-29 22:48:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NSA and ECC parameters 
Sorry if this discussion
"Excessive" implies a cost-benefit analysis -
does anybody know how slow 512-bit ECC calculations are in practice?
If they're similar in speed to 512-bit RSA, it's usually fine;
if they're similar in speed to 15360-bit RSA, that's maybe a bit slow,
but if encryption and decryption are only a bit slower than 2048-bit RSA,
it doesn't usually matter if key generation is slower.
Also, while there are _lots_ of applications where short keys rock,
like James Donald's Crypto Kong signature lines, or dumb smartcards,
512-bit isn't too bad, and there are applications where it's usable
and 4096-bit RSA keys take up too much space (e.g. including any
signed data in a 576-byte TCP/IP packet.)
But more importantly, the algorithms are only starting to be explored.
We've got a few hundred years of understanding about primes and factoring,
and even then the applications of computer technology to factoring
have gotten a big Moore's Law hit since R,S,A,D,H, PRZ, and the Cypherpunks
started messing with them; 384-bit RSA keys have gone the way of Bass-O-Matic.
ECC is a much newer set of theory, especially for the kinds of attacks
cryptographers care about, and it's exposed to risks from
algorithm theory and number-crunching practice.

@_date: 2003-10-13 16:22:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: P2P Encrypted VOIP 
Skype has been discussed a bit.  The big problems are
- It's a proprietary protocol they're not documenting,
        so there's no way to tell if it would be any good
        if they've implemented it properly, and
- It's not an open-source implementation, so you can't
        inspect it to see if they _have_ implemented it well, and
- The fact that they'd do either one of those things
        doesn't suggest that they're sensitive to cryptographic concerns,
        and therefore suggests that they're likely to have screwed up, and
- They talk about end-to-end encryption but don't mention key exchange
        or user authentication, which says that at least their
        documentation and PR folks don't have a clue, and
- The fact that they're using proprietary protocols says that they
        won't have an easy time finding commercial off-the-shelf equipment
        to build gateways to the public network, so they'll be less useful,
        and other people won't be able to develop cooperative products,
        unlike all the SIP and H.323 periphery that people are developing,
        but- other than that, it sounds like it could be an interesting system,
        and we could use some interesting user relationship models.

@_date: 2003-10-14 02:10:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: clicking on ads = funding terrorists 
Depends on how they get paid for the ads - if anybody still pays per view
rather than per click-through, even looking at the site could count,
at least if your local Feds listen to John Ashcroft.

@_date: 2003-10-29 14:50:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Q: Has a change taken place in factoring RSA keys? 
I think that's the source as well - when the most recent of the
TWINKLE and TWIRL papers came out, Lucky Green was talking about
whether it was still safe to use 1024-bit keys,
and $1B for 1 key/day is similar to Shamir & Tromer's estimate of
            (  )
$20M upfront plus $10M for a 1 key/year capacity.
     (The alternative is that it's people believing the usual FUD sources,
     whether they're the pro-government serious FUD sources or the
     fun-yanking-people's-chains clueless FUDsters.)
But if 1024-bit keys are too weak, RSA is still near-exponential,
and 2048-bit keys are roughly 2**100 times harder to crack than 1024-bit,
vs. 4-8 times as slow to use.  4096 is a lot harder than that;
even if you allow for Moore's law and medium mathematical breakthroughs,
you're still not going to fit a 4096-bit cracker on the planet.
Basically, by the time you're interesting enough for them to spend
$10M and a year to crack your machine, you'd better be using 2048-bit keys
for tactical applications and maybe 4096-bit for long-term military secrets,
and since they're targeting YOU, it's a lot cheaper for them to
black-bag your PC or plant cameras in your ceiling or bribe your janitor.
Large random numbers aren't that hard if you're using them for
long-term signature keys, as opposed to DH or symmetric session keys;
it just takes a bit longer to generate the bits.
Also, once you're up above the 1024-bit range, incremental quality is
less important, because attacks on the keyspace are hard to combine
with factoring attacks on the keys, especially if you're whitening them.
But as you say, taking GPG from 4kbit to 8kbit keys doesn't matter,
because it's no longer close to the weakest link by then.

@_date: 2003-09-08 18:00:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
Steve - The whole thing is a crock, and the problems aren't technical.
None of the proposed users of the system have any desire to use it,
except perhaps as a front for other activities,
and the people who'd want them to make them use it are just meddlers.
It's funny how any time you bring up the First Amendment
in the context of tobacco advertising or internet pornography,
they say "Oh, no, it's not about that, it's about *political* speech",
but if you bring it up in the context of actual political speech,
well then, oh, no, the First Amendment is about not arresting
ranters on soapboxes in the park, or letting people print newspapers
as long as there's official identifying information about the printer,
but it's *certainly* not about actually letting people fund *electoral*
speech, because elections are *way* too important to let unapproved
members of the *public* influence the outcomes....
The couple of papers that Michael Froomkin referenced are
pretty much the canonical references to the approach you're talking about,
but just because there are academics proposing it doesn't mean
it isn't still a total crock.
Now, if you're talking about *real* campaign finance reform,
as in permitting people to engage in free speech even if it requires
money to transmit that speech to their intended recipients,
fully anonymous digital cash is useful for that, in the obvious ways,
and payer-anonymous payee-disclosing digital cash has its uses as well,
if you like to be able to trace the people you're paying,
and anonymous and pseudonymous publishing are also obviously useful,
and then of course there's Blacknet if you want the real info on candidates.
You don't need 100% technical guarantees of anonymity for most political work; the public can usually guess that "Paid for by Californians for Motherhood and Apple Pie" is probably the prison guards' union, or the major opponent of the candidate that the negative TV ad was about, or whatever,
but unless there's a lawsuit or actual investigative reporter, nobody's going to bother tracking them down.
Unfortunately, softmoney.com got snapped up a few years ago;
I'd been planning to set it up as a site for donating your two cents to
John McCain, when he was ranting about banning it.
"paid for by Californians Against Bogus Campaign Financing Regulations,
John Doe  Treasurer"

@_date: 2003-09-09 14:27:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Your papers please [what color is John Gilmore?] 
What color is John?  He's Tie-Dyed, of course...
You were expecting a single category they knew what to do with?

@_date: 2003-09-10 11:53:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal  
California's law against Driving While Speaking Spanish is only
about 10 years old, and was a Pete Wilson thing.
It happened about when I moved here - did other states start
doing similar things in the mean time?
The Feds started bullying states into collecting SSNs
when issuing drivers' licenses in the mid 80s,
ostensibly as a way of preventing duplicate registrations,
but I hadn't heard they'd been doing this.
"Homeland Security"?  Back when Pete Wilson was State Reptile,
he was at least only claiming it was to make it hard for illegal immigrants
to come here and compete for jobs and get welfare,
but wasn't pretending they were a threat.

@_date: 2003-09-10 15:38:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal  
I don't remember if the Santa Clara County court asked me for
ID when I was last there as a prospective juror.
(And it's probably a bit too much cognitive dissidence for them
if you simultaneously want a parking pass for your car
and don't have your DL because you took the bus :-)
But if you're ignoring jury conscription notices at times that
it's not seriously interfering with your business activities,
you should go check out FIJA.org.
Remember that under the common law, a juror has the power
and responsibility to judge the law as well as the facts of the case,
even though judges and clerks will generally tell you otherwise.
This means that if somebody's on trial for prohibition violations,
you can and should vote Not Guilty if you think Prohibition is a bad law.
That's a large part of how the Fugitive Slave Laws got overturned,
and helped with the demise of alcohol prohibition.
Of course, if a court figures out that you understand this,
and doesn't immediately decide that you're not their type of juror,
they'll probably stick you on traffic accident cases or something
where there's no moral principle of state-vs-citizen conflict,
just a boring who-hit-whose-car kind of conflict.

@_date: 2003-09-12 11:56:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: unintended consequences: Davis recall leads to US internal  
Well, as the button says,
   "Any 12 people who can't get off jury duty aren't *my* peers"
Aside from FIJA being an important political statement,
if you're not interested in that kind of thing,
bringing their literature with you to hand out to your fellow potential jurors (*before* you're hauled into the courtroom for a specific trial, so as not to be harassed for jury tampering) is generally a way to get yourself out of the process.  But yes, otherwise, whatever it was that Tim forgot about, no, I don't remember that stuff, unless they ask really precise questions during voir dire.
The last time I was in the potential-jurors pool, it was a case I'd have been tossed out of instantly during voir dire if they'd gotten to me (they went through about 50-60 people, and I was about  on the list.)
The prosecutor was making sure that all of the potential jurors understood that police never lied, and that just because the accused was a 5-foot-tall 90-pound quiet-looking woman didn't mean that she couldn't have interfered with a cop during a family dispute situation, and I'd have had to answer the question about whether I'd been arrested for or convicted of a crime with something like "Well, the police agreed to drop the charges of interfering with an officer in return for me agreeing not to sue them"; the defense lawyer might not have liked me either :-)

@_date: 2003-09-12 18:12:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Brinworld] UK firms tout camera phone blinding tech 
That's overkill.  If this thing is ever actually deployed,
it'll be a feature that _asks_ a Safe-Haven-equipped camera phone
not to take pictures here, and if you happen to have that kind
of phone, it won't take pictures there.
The solution to this is not to carry a special jammer device
if you want to take pictures where people don't want it -
it's to carry a digital camera (and besides, those get
much better pictures - the one gsm cameraphone I've tried had
only a 352x288 CCD in it, in spite of not being a cheap phone.)
Alternatively, if you want to transmit pictures there as well as
taking them, buy a phone now that doesn't have that feature,
or buy a PDA with a camera and some kind of wireless card.
Aside from places that want to protect privacy or prudishness,
one obvious market for Safe Haven is police agencies that
want to be able to bash people without being on live video.
On the other hand, they'd probably be just as happy with a
cell phone jammer, which also prevents live voice transmission,
and therefore not only blocks strategic remote recordkeepers,
but also blocks tactical coordination by a crowd's instigators.

@_date: 2003-09-15 16:07:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Mexifornia Driver's License 
> Does anybody remember 10+ years ago when a "Driver's License"
wasn't quite a National ID Card or a Citizenship Credential
or a Probably-Not-A-Deadbeat-Dad Right-to-Work Card,
or a Homeland Security Internal Passport,
or an Identity Theft Leverage Device,
but merely intended to indicate that you knew how to drive?
(OK, and that it was therefore ok for you to drink :-)
There was a bit of control added in the mid 80s to reduce the
extent to which people could ditch bad driving records by moving
or by having multiple licenses simultaneously,
but it was basically about driving.
Pete Wilson, who as the CA electrical system market failure demonstrates,
was a Social Conservative type Republican rather than a
Fiscal Responsibility or Small Government type Republican,
decided that it wasn't safe for people to drive while speaking Spanish,
so he got the CA legislature to ban it.
They gradually either became more liberal or more Spanish
or influenced by different pressure groups and tried to change it,
and Gray Davis at first opposed it before deciding he needed
the votes of Mexican-Americans who were US citizens and changed his mind,
and now people who should know better are ragging on him about it.
I immigrated here to California about the time they were waffling
back and forth about whether to require citizenship papers to be in order
to get a driver's license or whether they'd accept a New Jersey
driver's license.

@_date: 2003-09-16 02:18:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Verisign's Wildcard A-Records and DNSSEC Plans? 
Matt - I'm interested in finding out Verisign's plans for
DNSSEC support for the *.com and *.net wildcards.
Are there obvious semantics for securing them?
What does it mean to say that "64.94.110.11" is or is not
certified by .com as the address for bad-example-12345.com ,
or that something else is?  Is it really the same as a
wild-card that points to real sites?  Your Best Practices says that
it's not incompatible with DNSSEC, but doesn't say anything
about whether you're using it or suggesting others do.
(For other readers, "64.94.110.11" is the IP address I got
from running "dig a '*.com'" to look wildcard DNS response.)
By the way,  returns a nice friendly
web page telling me that there's no web server at 64.94.110.11 :-)
Has there been any security analysis of the effects of putting a
large chunk of Javascript in the response page?  I didn't see
Mozilla listed in the collection of browsers the Javascript was
looking for; perhaps I'm under the radar or perhaps it's
handling it as Netscape (or I missed it in the non-human-readable formatting.)
What are the security implications of the wildcard servers
getting compromised or DDOSed?  In the past,
if my browser or email tried to go to nonexistent-example.com,
it'd get a reject from my system's DNS resolver and fail;
now it starts up a TCP connection to your machines,
so I have to worry about what your machines will say,
and what happens if I can't reach your Internap connection for some reason.
Is it appropriate to have the address be Verisign's?
Or should you be using some special address from IANA?
(I suppose it only takes 15 minutes to change if you change your mind...)
                  Thanks;  Bill Stewart
                      bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-04-04 12:35:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Shock waves from Fallujah 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I assume the purpose of a fence around the Capitol
would be to keep those pesky Congresscritters _in_,
not to keep other people out?

@_date: 2004-04-11 03:32:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spy agency launches recruiting campaign 
When I was in college, the NSA recruiting posted had a note
somebody'd added to the bottom saying
"If you're interested, don't call us - we already know about you"
and somebody else's version of that was
"If you're interested, just phone your mom, and we'll get back to you".

@_date: 2004-04-11 03:55:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Hierarchy, Force Monopoly, and Geodesic Societies - the   
>>>> No, it's not a tree
 >>> I thought we were sort of an autonomous collective!
 >> Watery marketers lobbing Powerpoints is no basis for a form of architecture
 > Network engineers spend a lot of time making sure that their networks, and
 > the Internet, are not trees.  Multiple peering and transit relationships
 > make the network robust - and cyclic.
The core of the current Internet routing architecture in the US
is a couple of dozen "Tier 1" providers who almost all interconnect with each other,
with each pair almost always connected in more than two places
(usually an East Coast and a West Coast location plus others.)
- Most of the Tier 2 providers are connected to at least two upstreams,
either both Tier 1 or a Tier 1 and a Tier 2.
- There's no well-defined boundary between Tier 2 and Tier 3,
but the Tier 3 types of folks may not be as diverse.
- Some big hosting companies are owned by Tier 1 carriers,
and may just get connectivity from their parent company,
but it usually still has physically diverse connections to diverse switches.
- Many other hosting companies are independent of the carriers,
and tend to have feeds from multiple carriers (usually multiple Tier 1
for the big players).
- Many big end-user companies have multiple large internet feeds
from multiple carriers; even small companies with a couple of T1s
often try to get some diversity (in which case the ISP run by the
local telco is often one of their providers.)
- If you want physically diverse access to your building,
you usually need to buy at least a couple of T3s -
some local telcos will still do diverse T1 access, but most don't,
or else they have it in their tariff rate but *your* street doesn't have it.
As Jim and others have said, it's extremely not tree-like -
we want to maximize the number of careless drunken backhoe drivers
it takes to take down our circuits, as well as maximizing the
number of equipment failures and operator mistakes it takes,
and trying to minimize the damage any problem causes.
DNS's namespace is tree-like, but the actual implementation of the
DNS name server networks is very forested and meshy.
The biggest problems are all at layer 9.

@_date: 2004-04-11 15:36:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Keyring Camcorder to replace your Minox 
Tired of that old klunky Minox B Spy Camera?
Want something newer, smaller, and more versatile?
Need a speaking-engagement bribe for David Brin?
Looks like there's finally something to do the job
(or will be once they actually ship the things in commercial volume
around May and not just review copies for magazines...)
The Philips Key109 Key Ring Camcorder is a USB frob with
128MB of RAM, 2 megapixel camera for videos or stills,
MP3 player, headphone jack, and remote control.
I'm surprised they didn't give it more RAM,
but perhaps they got into price problems.
The user interface is apparently all in the remote control part,
which is a bit odd but may be useful for some things.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-04-12 01:15:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Geodesic markets for nuclear secrets 
The price of nuclear secrets has been dropping rapidly:
WASHINGTON, DC- Top-secret information about the design, construction, and delivery of nuclear weapons has never been more affordable than it is today, CIA Director George Tenet announced Monday.
(ok, ok, so it's the Onion...  It's still geodesic markets at work, even if it's all made up :-)
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-04-15 02:37:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fornicalia Lawmaker Moves to Block Gmail 
Unacceptable to whom, and what should they do about it if they don't accept it?
If Joe Sixpack to trade the privacy issues for the convenience,
because like most of the public his value systems prefer dancing pigs
to security, that's his business, and if he doesn't, that's his business too.
But if Liz Figueroa "doesn't accept it", and makes laws banning it,
because she knows better than Joe what's good for him,
well that's typical tacky legislator behaviour, and she need to be
educated on why the free market really does make people more free.
It would be especially tacky if she argued that Google was somehow
abusing their quasi-monopolistic powers here - after all, there are
probably over 1000 different free or cheap email providers out there,
and you can look them up in Google, and of course many of them are
out of her jurisdiction.
Personally, I'm also concerned about the depth of detail
that might or might not be visible to the advertisers.
Do they get queries on keywords or phrases the way banner ads do?
How much user information gets passed along with them?
Does it only get passed if you click on the ad, or on all queries?
Do the advertising calculations get done when the mail is received,
or only when you read any given message, or also when you
search your inbox for keywords?  I'm guessing they don't do the former,
because you'd otherwise see lots of banner ads for things you
receive email about, and I get enough spam already, thank you :-)
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-04-17 14:19:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Idea: Offshore gambling as gateway between real and   
You're trying too hard.
Gambling has always been a convenient money-laundering technique,
as long as the casinos accept the kinds of money you're trying to launder.
That's also why spook agencies get anti-money-laundering laws passed.
If the casino will take your ecash and give you chips,
and you want to make a pretense of gambling rather than
just turning the chips back in for conventional euros,
go bet ~half the chips on red, ~half on black,
some insurance money on green, and tip the croupier,
and the casino collects their 1/37 or 2/38 cut.
... Your winnings, sir.

@_date: 2004-04-24 10:33:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: cop-proof disk drives 
That's really overkill.  Computers these days have enough
horsepower to run file system encryption in the CPU.
(If you remember 5-10 years ago, computers in those days
had enough horsepower to run disk compression in the CPU,
and CPU speed has increased a lot faster than disk throughput since then.)
Build the system with an inactivity timeout for /home if you want.
Swap space has the advantage that it doesn't need to preserve
state across system reboots, so you can run an encrypted swap
partition that generates a random key at boot time.
If you want to get fancy about rubber-hose prevention
and avoid the except-for-terrorism clause in the 5th amendment,
you could do something with secret-sharing with your
unindicted co-conspirators (oh, wait, they don't bother with
indictments these days, do they?) so that all of you
need to cooperate in a challenge-response thing
to restart some of the services.
Or you could hide that little 802.11 widget on the shelf
that stores one of the keyfiles you need to
access the secure drive.  Once UWB's widely available,
it'll be better for that (lower power - harder to detect.)
Just make sure that your system _is_ restartable after
power failures, because those are a much more likely event
than cop invasions.

@_date: 2004-08-01 13:00:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Terror Threat Level Is Raised For Key U.S. Financial   
In related news, Homeland Security reported that there have been
sightings of a Big Scary Wolf near the edges of Your Village.
"These aren't the usual Wolf reports - there's serious chatter
among shepherd sources and we've interrogated a bunch of sheep lately
who've confirmed that the Wolf is out there and identified a
bunch of different parts of the village where the wolf may strike next."
I'm getting really tired of the irresponsibility of the
American press reporting this stuff uncritically.

@_date: 2004-08-02 14:18:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Politech] A close look at John Kerry's *real* tech agenda  
John Kerry is not our friend on this issue.
If you've read Alexander Cockburn's article on Kerry's Vietnam record,
he's not good on peace issues either.
On the other hand, he's not Bush.
While he and Edwards both like PATRIOT, he's not as aggressive about it as and while he did murder people in Vietnam, he was doing it retail-level,
while Bush does it wholesale.
It's definitely a lesser-of-two-evils game,
and it's more like Cthulhu vs. Hastur rather than Cthulhu vs. Bambi or even Fortunately, here in California, Bush looks like he's way behind,
so it's safe to vote Libertarian (or Green, or Naderite, or other parties),
but nationwide it's "Go, Hastur!  Hastur! Hastur! aaarghff..."
Meanwhile, Tom Ridge has raised the National Fearmongering Level from
"wolf wolf wolf" to "wolf wolf wolf wolf" for NYC, DC, and NJ.

@_date: 2004-08-10 09:56:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical Meeting   
Rick Moen suggested we have a Cypherpunks meeting in August, so:
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE: Saturday 14 August 2004
TIME: 12:00 - 5:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:   Stanford University Campus - Tressider Union courtyard
Agenda: "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."  (This will be our first
meeting since April 2003, so the agenda is somewhat up for grabs.
Among upcoming events to note is the 7th annual Information Security
Conference, aka ISC04, Sept. 27-29 at Xerox PARC,  .
Also of note:  Our friendly Federalistas seem to be imposing
unprecedented visa restrictions on visiting foreign cryptographers.
Is it time for all international cryptography conferences to move
off-shore?  See:   )
As usual, this is an "Open Meeting on US Soil", and the public is invited.
Location Info:
    The meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our outdoor
    meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the Stanford
    University campus, at the tables outside Tressider Union, at the end of
    Santa Theresa, just west of Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We meet at the tables on the west side of the building, inside the
    horseshoe "U" formed by Tresidder. Ask anyone on campus where Tressider
    is and they'll help you find it.
    Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tresidder.
Location Maps:
    Stanford Campus (overview; Tressider is dead-center).
    Tressider Union (zoomed detail view).
    Printable Stanford Map (407k).
[ This announcement sent to the following mailing lists:
         cypherpunks-announce at toad.com, meetingpunks at cryptorights.org,
         cypherpunks-request at minder.net, cryptography-request at metzdowd.com
   Mailing list complaints or address corrections to bill.stewart at pobox.com.
   Agenda and Location questions to Rick Moen, rick at linuxmafia.com
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-08-10 09:56:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical Meeting 
Rick Moen suggested we have a Cypherpunks meeting in August, so:
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE: Saturday 14 August 2004
TIME: 12:00 - 5:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:   Stanford University Campus - Tressider Union courtyard
Agenda: "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."  (This will be our first
meeting since April 2003, so the agenda is somewhat up for grabs.
Among upcoming events to note is the 7th annual Information Security
Conference, aka ISC04, Sept. 27-29 at Xerox PARC,  .
Also of note:  Our friendly Federalistas seem to be imposing
unprecedented visa restrictions on visiting foreign cryptographers.
Is it time for all international cryptography conferences to move
off-shore?  See:   )
As usual, this is an "Open Meeting on US Soil", and the public is invited.
Location Info:
    The meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our outdoor
    meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the Stanford
    University campus, at the tables outside Tressider Union, at the end of
    Santa Theresa, just west of Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We meet at the tables on the west side of the building, inside the
    horseshoe "U" formed by Tresidder. Ask anyone on campus where Tressider
    is and they'll help you find it.
    Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tresidder.
Location Maps:
    Stanford Campus (overview; Tressider is dead-center).
    Tressider Union (zoomed detail view).
    Printable Stanford Map (407k).
[ This announcement sent to the following mailing lists:
         cypherpunks-announce at toad.com, meetingpunks at cryptorights.org,
         cypherpunks-request at minder.net, cryptography-request at metzdowd.com
   Mailing list complaints or address corrections to bill.stewart at pobox.com.
   Agenda and Location questions to Rick Moen, rick at linuxmafia.com
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-08-10 10:14:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Iowa Deploys Cell-Phone GPS location-tracking for 911 
Iowa's deploying cell-phone location-trackers for 911,
and for whatever other purposes the cellphones support.
Des Moines, IA
New technology will allow better response to 911 cell callers
08/09/04 10:35 AM
DES MOINES, IOWA (AP) -- Cell phone users in Iowa are getting a 911 upgrade.
The state is among the first in the nation to use the new technology that will help dispatchers pinpoint the emergency caller.
Iowa 911 Program Manager John Benson says it's already being tested in Des Moines, and the end of the year, about half of the state's 125 dispatch centers will have the upgrade.
About half of Iowa's 911 calls are placed by cell phones. That's about 50,000 a month.
Current technology allows dispatchers to locate a cell phone 911 caller by the nearest cell tower, often miles away. The new global-positioning technology provides the latitude and longitude of the caller, which can be electronically displayed on a map.
Copyright 2004, Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material cannot be published, broadcast, rewritten, or distributed.
(looks like Fair Use to me...)

@_date: 2004-08-10 15:28:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: stealth tempest wallpaper 
What's interesting about the wallpaper is the ability to
block some frequency bands while passing others.
There's been good shielding wallpaper available for ~15 years,
but that's for blocking everything including cellphones and pagers.

@_date: 2004-08-14 17:44:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cryptome on ABC Evening News? 
Speaking unofficially for the telecom industry,
we're really happy to have the site there
showing pictures of cable landings, antennas, etc.
I've seen them used in internal training about submarine cables
and I think we've probably used them in talks to customers as well.
Separately, of course, we have bureaucrats who don't want to
publish the addresses of telecom POPs, ignoring the fact
that you can't buy physically diverse access to a location
if you don't know where it is, and also ignoring the fact
that 90% of a certain large 3-1/2-letter-acronym long distance carrier's
POPs are in the same buildings as the local telcos
so everybody knows where they are anyway,
even though everybody's forgotten the derivation of V&H coordinates...
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-08-17 00:18:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gilmore vs. Ashcroft goes to 9th Ckt. Court of Appeals 
From Bill Scannell :
On the 16th of August 2004, the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals begins work on
the Gilmore vs. Ashcroft case.  At stake is nothing less than the right of
Americans to travel freely in their own country -- and the exposure of
'secret law' for what it is: an abomination.
The man who is fighting the good fight is named John Gilmore.  John made his
fortune as a programmer and entrepreneur in the software industry.  Whereas
most people in his position would have moved to a tropical island and lived
a life of luxury, John chose to use his wealth to protect and defend the US
On the 4th of July 2002, John Gilmore, American citizen, decided to take a
trip from one part of the United States of America to another.  At the
airport, he was told he had to produce his ID if he wanted to travel.  He
asked to see the law demanding he show his 'papers' and was told after a
time that the law was secret and no, he wouldn't be allowed to read it.
He hasn't flown in has own country since.
Can you put this out on wide-scan...it's important.
777 --- 777  777 --- 777
"They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety."
- Benjamin Franklin
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-08-20 02:30:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Liechtenstein Prince Hands Power to Son Alois 
.... the article also has pictures
Liechtenstein Prince Hands Power to Son
Aug 15, 6:26 PM (ET)
By HARRY ROSENBAUM
(AP) Prince Alois and Prince Hans-Adam II, right, of Liechtenstein toast each other in the park...
VADUZ, Liechtenstein (AP) - Prince Hans-Adam II formally handed over day-to-day governing powers to his son Crown Prince Alois on Sunday - and then invited all 33,000 of Liechtenstein's people to a garden party.
Hans-Adam, 59, retains overall authority over Liechtenstein, the tiny nation - one of Europe's smallest - wedged between Austria and Switzerland.
After an open-air Mass, Alois gave his first speech as head of state.
"Many people might ask ... 'Why should we change something that's working so well?'" said Alois, 36.
But the country, which owes much of its wealth to being a financial center in the heart of Europe, is under pressure to crack down on global money laundering, he said.
"The crisis in the financial center as well as the crisis in many European states show us how dangerous it can be if necessary, but perhaps unpleasant, reforms are not tackled promptly," Alois said. Like Switzerland, Liechtenstein has kept itself apart from Europe, remaining neutral in World War II and staying out of the European Union.
Under constitutional changes made last year, the powers delegated to Alois include dismissing governments, vetoing new laws and casting the deciding vote on naming judges.
The electorate has some checks on royal prerogative - it can force a referendum on any issue by gathering at least 1,500 signatures. But the Council of Europe, the continent's top human rights watchdog, has called last year's constitutional changes "a serious step backward" and says it is monitoring Liechtenstein's commitment to democracy because the prince has acquired such extensive powers.
"Hans-Adam has been a provocateur," says Mario Frick, a former prime minister who opposed the prince's constitutional changes. "He liked to be in the middle of a quarrel. Many people hope Prince Alois ... will want to calm things down."
Alois' spokeswoman Edith Schaedler told The Associated Press there were no plans to change Liechtenstein's foreign policy.
"Prince Alois will focus initially more on internal affairs ... to secure pensions and health care for the long-term, and to ensure the best possible education," she said.
The handover took place on the national holiday, celebrating Hans-Adam's father and coinciding with the Catholic feast of the Assumption.

@_date: 2004-08-20 02:31:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Another John Young Sighting 
Yup.  Reruns of the Daily Show are usually on at 7pm the following day,
though check your local cable schedule.

@_date: 2004-08-20 19:16:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: T. Kennedy == Terrorist says TSA 
Also Congressman John Lewis gets caught by this,
though he can usually fly if he buys his tickets as "John R. Lewis".
Unlike Kennedy, he tried going though channels to get off the lists,
rather than starting with Ashcroft and working his way down.
There's also a "Dr. John Lewis" who gets this kind of abuse,
and registering as "Dr" or "John W. Lewis" doesn't seem to help him.

@_date: 2004-08-28 22:38:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: JYA in NYT 
The JYA and Gas Pipelines story keeps having legs;
at least one formerly well-marked pipeline fingered by JYA
no longer has a sign, presumably because the Republicans
are chicken that somebody will try to blow them up.
(New York may be on Orange Alert, but they're still Yellow...)
The on-line NYTimes requires registration -
if the old "cypherpunks" login doesn't work,
you can create your own fake id.
Mapping Natural Gas Lines: Advise the Public, Tip Off the Terrorists
By IAN URBINA  Published: August 29, 2004
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-08-28 23:14:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: JYA's 1st FBI visit?  
You could check the cypherpunks archives to find out what kinds of
cops have visited JYA at various times in the past,
but I'd assume that at least some of the Feds have been FBI
as opposed to Treasury, CIA, NSA, DEA, VOA, KGB, Mossad, Forest Service, etc.
Some quick Google hits include November 2003
and July 2000  .
Looks like the NYT guy either got this entirely wrong
or else was trying to say that a couple of weeks ago was
when the FBI first showed up about _this_ particular issue.
                 Bill

@_date: 2004-12-05 22:22:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Michael Riconosciuto, PROMIS 
There are several different issues related to PROMIS
0 - What size tinfoil hat do you need?
         (It's probably still worth being paranoid about Echelon,
         but PROMIS is old hat...)
1 - Feds or somebody basically pirated their copy of the software,
         back when most mainframe software was expensive,
         and drove the company into bankruptcy rather than pay up,
         and they spent a lot of effort covering up their ripoff,
         possibly including the murder of a journalist.
2 - What are the basic capabilities of the software?
         I think Alif's got it about right, and remember that
         back in the early 80s, Codd & Date had written some really cool
         theory about how relational databases could and should work,
         but most computers didn't have the horsepower for them and
         the early implementations were mostly either crude or bloated.
         Also, mainframe software tended to be very customized,
         particularly if it had to interconnect with other mainframe software
         like somebody else's non-relational database with a different schema.
3 - What sets of data were the various spooks, feds, and staties
         _keeping_ in their databases, and how much of it did they
         share with each other or get from various other sources?
If you worked with databases back in the early 80s, remember that
a gigabyte of disk used to be pretty big, rather than wristwatch-sized,
and a megabyte of RAM was big and cost non-trivial amounts of money,
and magnetic tapes held less than 200MB and took tens of minutes to read,
and big database projects typically required departments of
dozens or hundreds of workers to spend months of budgeting and planning to
design schemas and processes that could take months to run,
instead of being ad-hoc queries any random employee can run on their desktop
over lunchtime if they feel like it, and might be able to run
on their pocket computer when riding home on the subway.
My department's ~1983 VAX had a 1 MIPS CPU, a gig of removable disk,
4MB RAM, and two tape drives, and cost about $400K.
It wasn't big iron - that was typically an order of magnitude bigger.
These days, $400 will get you a 3000 MIPS CPU, a gig of RAM,
and 100-200GB disk, and database software is free.
It's about a million times more cost-effective, depending on
whether you care more about CPU, disk, or RAM,
and there's an Internet hanging out the back side that will
let you use Google's farm of ~100K computers for free.

@_date: 2004-12-06 12:36:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Kerik, Homeland Security Czar - Scathing article from The   
The Register has a really friendly article about Kerik,
Giuliani's buddy who's proposed for Homeland Security Czar.
(El Reg is primarily an online technology newswire,
but they do comment on other issues, especially if they
have technical aspects - they especially rag on the
UK's Home Secretary Blunkett's National ID Card proposals.)
High-school drop-out to become Homeland Security Czar
By Thomas C Greene
Published Monday 6th December 2004 11:07 GMT
President George W. Bush has nominated former New York City Police
Commissioner Bernard Kerik to replace Tom Ridge as Homeland Security
Secretary, marking a significant departure from his tendency to choose
educated, Patrician types for his Cabinet.
Kerik, a high-school drop-out abandoned at age four by his prostitute
mother in the gritty town of Patterson, New Jersey, served as an Army MP in
South Korea, and later worked in private international security rackets,
most interestingly in Saudi Arabia.
He joined the New York City Police Department in 1985. He followed that
with a stint as Warden of the Passaic County Jail in New Jersey, and became
the Training Officer and Commander of the Special Weapons and Operations
Units. In 1998 he was named New York Corrections Commissioner, and
established an ironclad, head-cracking discipline in the City's notorious
detention facilities.
A favorite of former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, Kerik had the honor
of seeing the Manhattan Detention Complex, known to locals as "the Tombs,"
re-named the Bernard B. Kerik Complex by then-mayor Giuliani. Kerik left a
minor cloud of corruption behind, with allegations that one of his
lieutenants used correctional staff to work illegally in Republican
In 2000, Giuliani named Kerik Police Commissioner, to assist him in a vast
anti-crime crackdown, where the chief tactic was for police to pounce
aggressively on even the most chickenshit offences, such as spitting on the
Upon his retirement from City politics, Giuliani decided to cash in on
post-9/11 security hysteria by founding his own security outfit, Giuliani
Partners LLC. Kerik has served as senior vice president at Giuliani
Partners, and CEO of Giuliani-Kerik LLC, a vendor of law-enforcement
"performance systems". Meanwhile, Giuliani has founded several spin-offs,
such as Giuliani Capital Advisors LLC, and the Rudolph W. Giuliani Advanced
Security Centers (ASC), a cyber-security outfit formed in connection with
Ernst & Young.
Recently, Kerik shipped out to Iraq to train the local policemen who are
routinely blown to pieces by insurgents and terrorists. There, he enjoyed
the snappy titles of Interim Minister of the Interior, and Senior Policy
Advisor to the US Presidential Envoy to Iraq's Coalition Provisional
Authority. Kerik lasted only four months, and the Iraqi police are still as
incompetent, weak, and corrupt as when he arrived in country.
Kerik began making his transition from local to national politics by
campaigning for President Bush's re-election, alongside his political
patron and business partner, Rudy Giuliani. Kerik has been a devoted
booster of the so-called Patriot Act, having given several speeches in its
support while campaigning for Bush.
In anticipation of his rise to national office, Kerik recently sold his
$5.8m in shares of Taser International, makers of absolutely safe police
stun guns that are now routinely used against old women and children.
He is expected to be confirmed by the Senate without difficulty. .

@_date: 2004-12-08 10:48:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bugs in the belfry 
If you're a literary-crit type, interested in the evolution of
Nietzsche's thought, that's an interesting kind of question,
and you can go looking for evidence in the changes in
ideas and expression between his earlier and later books.
However, if you're trying to examine the question of
whether his books should be taken seriously
as philosophy, as opposed to whether they're
Significant Art, then that doesn't really matter;
the question is whether the ideas as written
are any good or are crackpot lunacy,
which is independent of whether the author was a crackpot.
I suppose if you're trying to evaluate whether
they're a good philosophy for actual living,
you can look at the effects of Nietzsche's
ideas on his life, but that's a much broader study,
and the direct lesson here is that
unsafe sex isn't a good idea..
Disclaimer - most of what I've read of Nietzsche was
when we had to translate some of it in high school German class.
It's very frustrating to be reading something that
appears to say that the destruction of the human race
would be a good thing and have to figure out if that's
because you got a verb tense wrong or because it's Nietzsche.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-12-08 11:01:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
If you think those are anarchist ideas, you've missed the
main ideas about anarchy and anarcho-capitalism and such.
Anarchism isn't about getting rid of the _current_ people in charge,
it's about getting rid of _having_ people be in charge.
On a cypherpunks-history track, Tim or Eric once proposed that
the way to deal with slander in an uncensorable anonymous
communication environment was to make sure that there was
_always_ a wide current of anonymous slander against you going on,
so you can dismiss any _real_ slander by saying it's just more
of the same crap that some anonymous people always say about you,
and that there may even be a market for it.
(And Tim didn't even pay me to say that he's Detweiler's father...)
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-12-11 13:01:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Mixmaster is dead, long live wardriving 
Joe Sixpack got lost at "Compile".
It's still easier to use than the early versions of FreeS/WAN
("First do a clean compile of your kernel...")
On the other hand, if you're using Mutt, you're already
more complex than Joe Sixpack is likely to use.
Also, rather than a virus installer, it'd be interesting if there were
an anonymizer package built for Apache.  Widespread anonymous web browsing
would mean that simple web-based remailers would be easily usable.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-12-11 13:27:00
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Blinky Rides Again: RCMP suspect al-Qaida messages 
Of course, the _real_ message wasn't hidden in subtle stego bits -
it was whether the picture was Bush's dog, Cheney's dog, or Blair's dog.
The more serious problem is what this means for computer evidence
search and seizure procedures - the US has some official rules about
"copy the disk and return the computer" that came out of the Steve Jackson
case, not that they're always followed; I don't know if the Canadians
are more or less polite about returning computers,
but this kind of thing increases the chances of harassment
of various ethnic and political organizations
"We're keeping your computer as evidence of potential crimes,
but we haven't actually charged you with a crime yet
and won't do so unless we can find the hidden stego evidence."
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-12-11 15:40:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: punkly current events 
But the Taliban were the US warlords' *friends*.
After all, that's why the US paid them $43m for doing
such a great job in their holy war against opium farmers.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-12-12 20:04:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gary Webb dies - reported on CIA Cocaine Connections 
(AP Storty)
Gary Webb, 49, former Mercury News reporter, author
INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALIST WROTE CONTROVERSIAL SERIES
By Jessica Portner
Mercury News
Gary Webb, a former Mercury News investigative reporter, author and legislative staffer who ignited a firestorm with his controversial stories, died Friday in an apparent suicide in his suburban Sacramento home. He was 49.
The Sacramento County coroner's office said that when A Better Moving Company arrived at Mr. Webb's Carmichael home at about 8:20 a.m. Friday, a worker discovered a note posted to the front door which read: ``Please do not enter. Call 911 and ask for an ambulance.''
Mr. Webb, an award-winning journalist, was found dead of a gunshot wound to the head, Sacramento County Deputy Coroner Bill Guillot said Saturday.
Mr. Webb's friends and colleagues described him as a devoted father and a funny, dogged reporter who was passionate about investigative journalism.
As a staff writer for the Mercury News from 1989 to 1997, he exposed freeway retrofitting problems in the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake and wrote stories about the Department of Motor Vehicles' computer software fiascos.
Mr. Webb was perhaps best known for sparking a national controversy with a 1996 story that contended supporters of a CIA-backed guerrilla army in Nicaragua helped trigger America's crack-cocaine epidemic in the 1980s. The ``Dark Alliance'' series in the Mercury News came under fire by other news organizations, and the paper's own investigation concluded the series did not meet its standards.
Mr. Webb resigned a year and a half after the series appeared in the paper. He then published his book, ``Dark Alliance: The CIA, the Contras and the Crack Cocaine Explosion.''
In the past few years, Mr. Webb worked in the California Assembly Speaker's Office of Member Services and for the Joint Legislative Audit Committee. The committee investigated charges that Oracle received a no-bid contract from Gov. Gray Davis. After being laid off from his legislative post last year, Mr. Webb was hired by the Sacramento News and Review, a weekly Tom Dresslar, a spokesman for state Attorney General Bill Lockyer who has known Mr. Webb for more than a decade, was distraught Saturday when he heard that his friend may have taken his own life.
``He had a fierce commitment to justice, truth and cared a lot about people who are forgotten and society tries to shove into the dark corners,'' Dresslar said. ``It's a big loss for me personally and a great loss for the journalism community.''
Services for Mr. Webb are pending.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-12-30 12:41:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Dept Homeland Security Research Conference in Boston, April   
Not sure what mailing list this came from, but the DHS is running
a shindig in Boston in April, if anybody wants to drop by.
I've de-MIME-ified it, so it may be a bit harder to read.
Sent: Wednesday, December 29, 2004 5:45 PM
Dear Colleague,
You are invited to participate in this inaugural, must-attend, national
event, sponsored by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Science and
Technology Directorate, scheduled for April 27 & 28, 2005 in Boston, to
encourage public-private partnering among scientists and engineers from
government, national laboratories, universities, research institutes, and
private sector firms investing in R&D.  Private sector and university-based
scientists can benefit from the technologies and technical approaches
developed and deployed by the national and DHS labs.  The laboratories in
turn can explore leveraging opportunities with leading private sector and
university-based research programs.
Please take a moment to consider submitting a paper presenting your
research at this conference. If you cannot submit a paper, attend and learn
what others are doing and how you can work with them. We are also seeking
conference cosponsors and exhibitors from both public and private sector
organizations. Visit the conference web site,
 , for more
details often. It is constantly being updated.
Working Together: Conference on Public/Private R&D Partnerships in Homeland
Sponsored by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Science & Technology
         April 27 & 28, 2005
         The Seaport Hotel and World Trade Center
         Boston, Massachusetts, USA
Call for Technical Papers
The First Annual Working Together: Conference on Public/Private Research &
Development (R&D) Partnerships in Homeland Security
This two-day Conference will focus on state-of-the-art science and
technology to anticipate, prevent, respond to, and recover from
high-consequence chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, explosives
and cyber terrorist threats. The conference will also address protection of
the nation's critical infrastructure, and the harnessing of science and
intelligence to reduce threat and risk.
The objectives of this inaugural event are to encourage public-private
partnering among scientists and engineers from government, national
laboratories, universities and research institutes, and private sector
firms investing in R&D, to address the collective science and technology
research goals of the U.S. homeland security community. Private sector and
university-based scientists can benefit from the technologies and technical
approaches developed and deployed by the national and DHS labs.  The
laboratories in turn can explore leveraging opportunities with leading
private sector and university-based research programs.
Through plenary and breakout sessions, posters and a companion Exhibition
Conference Participants will:
7  learn about DHS awareness, countermeasures and response and recovery
7  address the most pressing technical challenges;
7  identify the most critical knowledge gaps;
7  be introduced to the core capabilities of national and DHS laboratories,
and the Departments university-based homeland security centers; and
DHS is committed to science and technology leadership, and the creation of
an enduring national capability for homeland security.  Toward this end,
the DHS S&T Directorate supports and recognizes technical excellence in
research, development, testing and evaluation (RDT&E) of homeland security
technologies; encourages collaborations and partnerships among RDT&E
performers across the homeland security science and technology complex;
actively disseminates knowledge generated through the execution of RDT&E
programs and university-based homeland security centers; and to the
greatest extent practical, enhances visibility and recognition of
scientists and engineers dedicated to homeland security missions.
Technical Topics
We are seeking papers on the following topics:
7  Threat Characterization for:  Chemical, Biological, Radiological /
Nuclear, Conventional Explosives (CBRNE)
7  Threat and Vulnerability Assessment including:  Knowledge Discovery
(Semantic Graphs), Technology-based Emerging Threats (e.g., terrorist
exploitation of advances in nanotechnology and biotechnology), Advanced
Risk Modeling, Simulation and Analysis for Decision Support, Modeling and
Simulation (Cognition and Behavior), Discrete Sciences, Visual Analytics
7  Sensors including: Performance Improvement, Next-Generation Designs, and
Architecture for Devices and Systems
7  Forensics and Attribution for Chemical and Biological Events
7  Chemical Countermeasures Including:  Detection (TICs and TIMs),
Surveillance/Detection (Low Volatility/Chemical Warfare Agents)
7  Biological Countermeasures including:  Agricultural Security,
Surveillance (Situational Awareness)
7  Radiological/Nuclear Countermeasures including:  Passive and Active
7  Explosives Detection including: Bulk and Trace Detection and Nanosensors
7  Methods to Disarm/Defeat Conventional Explosives
7  Critical Infrastructure Protection and Cyber Security
including:  Addressing Insider Threat, Large Scale Situational Awareness
7  Post-Event Recovery and Restoration from events involving the use of
chemical and biological agents and nuclear and radioactive materials (e.g.,
improvised nuclear devices and radiological dispersion devices).
Information and Important Dates
Abstracts should be submitted in MS Word and limited to a maximum of 250
words. On the same page, the author(s) title, name, address, phone, fax,
email and organization affiliation must be submitted. In addition, a
maximum of 100-word biography of the presenting author is required on a
separate page.
Electronic versions of abstracts and papers should be submitted via the
conference website. Detailed instructions about the electronic submission
process will be published on the website. All electronic submissions will
be acknowledged via email.
         Abstract deadline:                        February 7, 2005
         Speaker Notification:                     March 1, 2005
         Final Paper Deadline:                  At the Conference
For more information on the First Annual National Homeland Security R&D
Conference, please refer to website:
Call for Sponsors and Exhibitors
We are seeking conference cosponsors and exhibitors from public and private
sector organizations.
For more information on sponsorship opportunities, please email:
dhsconferencesponsorships at anzentechpartners.com
 .
For more information on exhibit opportunities, please email
dhsconferenceexhibits at anzentechpartners.com
 .
Call for Preliminary Registration
If you are interested in attending this conference, please email us at
dhsconference at anzentechpartners.com
 . To make sure you receive our
notices, please configure your spam filter to accept this email address.
Conference Organizer
DHS S&T - The Department of Homeland Securitys Science and Technology
Directorate is the primary research and development arm of the
Department.  It provides Federal, state, and local officials with the
technology and capabilities to protect the homeland.
You are subscribed as billstewart at att.com To manage your subscription, go
to Archives at: Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-02-02 16:59:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Indian Govt bans pre-paid cell because of "separatists" 
The Indian government has banned the sale of pre-paid cash cards for cell
phones in the northeastern states of Assam and Meghalaya, allegedly
because separatists have bought lots of them for hard-to-trace
communications.  Reliance Telephone, who runs cell service in those areas,
didn't feel they had a choice about complying.  (If it were VSNL, the
former telecom monopoly, that'd be no surprise, but Reliance is a big
competitor.)  Consumer groups are extremely upset and vocal (at least
until their current phone cards run out, at which point they'll become
much quieter...)  We'll see how long Bogus Homeland Security can override
consumers and smugglers.-- Bill Stewart bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-02-02 17:23:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks response to viral stimuli 
Five or ten years ago, when the Feds were still pretending to be in
control of crypto, crypto enthusiasts were still a threat - these days you
can pick up VPN boxes at the grocery store, and if they still care about
us, they're more likely to be interested in content and the identities of
active posters than in the identity of lurkers.   They can observe a lot
just by looking, or they can announce a sale on tinfoil hats and see who
responds, or ask a Stupid Newbie Question and see who flames them, or
forge a message about Guns from a Usual Suspect and see who claims that
theirs is bigger, or post about something tangential like how to stop spam
(which has pretty much replaced libertarianism and censorship as the
all-consuming discussion topic on the net.)
Viruses and Web Bugs are less likely to be useful for detecting
Cypherpunks (or Mac users, or Linux users) than for detecting the general
public - to some  extent we may be smarter about that, or at least
grumpier about HTML mail, plus some of the cpunks nodes filter out that
sort of thing.  But perhaps they're exploiting that stack overflow bug in
PGP 2.6.2 instead.
----END PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----
----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE BLOCK-----
-----END PGP SIGNATURE BLOCK------

@_date: 2004-01-24 01:41:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: test message - ignored successfully. 
Yup.  Didn't see nothing here.
Those weren't the test messages I was looking for.
They can move along.

@_date: 2004-07-04 01:35:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [IP] more on  more on E-mail intercept ruling - good   
While Peter Swire is a much better judge of court behavior than I am (:-)
the key issue in the Councilman case is that the Wiretap Law
differentiates between "aural" communications on wires and
the broader category of "electronic communications",
and "electronic communications" might only be protected on wires,
and not just when it's in storage or in transit on a computer.
(What about wireless transmission?  Is that protected?)
If courts don't think VOIP is "aural", they're way out of line.
That should mean that if you wiretap VOIP calls, you'd better have a warrant.
On a more negative hand, it sounds like the court thinks that
wiretap rules only apply to stuff that's on wire -
do packets that are inside a router get protected,
while it's busy thinking about what wire to put it on next?
Does it matter whether you're intercepting the whole message,
or is the fact that the packet you're intercepting is inside a router
good enough for the court, even though the other packets in the message
might still be on the wires into or out of the router?
The Ashcroftians have been able to con Congress into letting
them have lots of other things they ask for in the name of
"preventing technological change from taking away our current powers",
and every edge case seems to be used as a loophole to grant them
more power, not to restrict what they've got.
It's possible that a Kerry Administration would be less aggressive
about this than the Bush Administration, though it's unlikely
that they'd actually be much better than the Clinton Administration,
would were pretty evil back in their day.
Oh, they know, and they're in a mad scramble to make sure that
they can tap data communications as well, and most VOIP
doesn't have useful crypto protection.  So far, it's easier
to tap VOIP calls after they've been turned back into telco-flavored TDM,
but that's partly because they've got tools and practice and
established procedures for doing so.  The big difference with VOIP
is that it's normal to design relatively distributed VOIP systems
that do most of the work peer-to-peer, and it's harder to get a hook
into the endpoints without the endpoints being aware of them.
Some VOIP systems can probably be convinced to make three-way calls
without telling the user interface at the endpoints,
so the logical way to do wiretapping is to get the gatekeepers
to build calls that way.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-07-04 23:26:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Tyler's Education  
As far as education goes, if you're constantly seeing black vans
with big funky antennas on them parked in front of your house
any time you're on the computer, you've really got far more serious
worries than just a bit of TEMPEST.  It's either time to line up
your lawyers because of stuff you do know you've been doing,
or else time to get your shrink to up your meds a bit.
It's been 15-20 years since I worked on TEMPEST environments,
so technology has overtaken most of what we were doing.
We tested the TEMPEST room at 450 MHz, and needed something like
100-120 dB of shielding to be comfortable with it,
and at those frequencies, you'd easily find leakage if the
copper-wool packing in the joints wasn't tight.
Our VAX ran at something like 10 MHz, and our Sparcstations
might have been as fast as 40 MHz, but basically there wasn't
a lot of high-frequency signal out there, even with harmonics.
The standards for cable penetration were that a waveguide hole
needed to be N wavelengths deep and no more than 1/x wide
(I think it was something like half-wave wide), and most of ours
were an inch or two deep with quarter-inch holes.
That was convenient for running fiber through.
If you stuck a paper-clip about halfway through, the RF meter would peg.
These days, of course, most of the equipment's at much higher frequencies;
I doubt the room would be meaningfully tight with 5GHz machines.
Power connections were filtered, which was much more expensive,
using boxes with big inductors in them.
That part of the job would be much easier today -
the VAX needed three-phase power, and the room drew lots of amps,
as did the two one-ton water-cooled Liebert air conditioners.
That AMD 64-bit CPU might look like a space-heater,
but it really isn't that bad.  And a laptop's a lot better.
We occasionally used TEMPEST-shielded PCs.  They weren't bad -
they had solid metal boxes, and special shielded cables for the
rather heavy keyboards, and the monitors were a bit bulky.
The monitors were mostly CGA or mono text - maybe some EGA,
but basically they were a lot lower end that you'd want today.
Don't expect that laptops will keep you out of trouble -
I once had a laptop projecting its image onto a TV I was near.
The image was out of sync, with three partial images,
and it was probably in the 640x480 days, maybe 800x600, ~1997,
but I'd done nothing special and it was an average TV.
Probably the signal was leaking out the VGA jack on the laptop.
The easy part of TEMPEST monitoring is finding some signal.
The hard part is sorting it out from the noise.
If they're not nearby, they're unlikely to be using TEMPEST on you;
they're much more likely to be tapping your ISP connections.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-07-06 22:35:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: UBL is George Washington 
Somebody wrote
 > WTC doesn't make sense as a target
Everybody I knew was _much_ more upset about the WTC than the Pentagon.
As one friend put it "I don't care about the Pentagon."
Now, partly that's because of the shock of the buildings collapsing,
which seemed much more dramatic than the Pentagon getting an edge dented.
And it's partly because 3000 people died, and 30,000 _could_ have died,
but a lot of it's because attacking New York City is attacking
American society, which was tremendously damaging to morale,
while attacking the Pentagon is attacking the military,
who spend their time attacking other people so all's fair.
And the Feds planting anthrax in the Senate building and other places
to keep us even more scared about terrorism so we'd be obedient
really did make things worse.
The effects on American business were dramatic, but for the
telecommunications industry the big problems weren't the COs,
they were the year-long disappearance of the travel industry
(which uses huge amounts of high-value call center calls)
and the general decline in the economy, and trashing business in Wall Street,
plus it was kicking us while were were down because the
dot-com crash and the related crash in the telecom industry
were already going on.
The loss of the CO capacity was somewhat balanced by the
fact that nobody was allowed anywhere near that area to work.
The Verizon CO was much more of a problem than the AT&T one,
partly because it had lots of access lines, while we mostly had
a smaller number of larger trunks that are easier to reroute,
plus fiber access rings which were mostly diverse,
plus all the now-dead access lines from the Verizon POP.
Industry did respond with a huge amount of diversification -
taking out a CO today would cause much less damage,
plus the huge increase in telecommuting means that offices are
usually a less critical resource.
Do you mean the building that looks like antique furniture?
That's just office space, and I think we'd sold it by then.
Or does one of the actual POPs have old microwave dishes on the roof?
Sigh.  We've sold off AT&T Wireless as a business and still nobody realizes I think they were still relatively popular back then,
though they had real problems around New York City keeping
up with rapidly-growing demand.  But yeah, the best thing about them
these days is that Cingular's buying them, so my stock has
zoomed up to almost half what I paid for it instead of 10-20%.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-07-07 01:11:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto   
They're also marketed as permanent addresses you can keep when
you change ISPs, for example pobox.com was one of the first ones.
Unfortunately, as far as I know, none of the forwarders let you
forward mail from recipient+tag at forwarder.com to recipient+tag at currentISP.com,
which means that they don't support tag-based spam protection.
When I want disposable addresses, I either use free providers,
or I use tagged addresses at free / cheap providers like fastmail.fm.
Councilman currently only affects the First Circuit (the Northeast),
and it was only the three-judge-panel version of the Appeals Court,
so he could appeal it to the full court before going to the Supremes.
My reading of the opinions is that the two majority judges totally
failed to grasp the technology, while the dissenting judge got it,
so even if the opinion stands, it's very narrow in scope -
but it's a strong reminder that the current laws don't protect
stored email very well, and that if judges aren't technical enough
to understand it when it's laid out in front of their faces,
they're certainly not going to be sufficiently uncooperative
when police try to get warrants or subpoenas (or at least it
probably won't be hard for police to find a cooperative judge.)
Also, in the Steve Jackson Games case, the courts and Feds got away
with declaring that the ECPA didn't apply to mail that had arrived
in mailboxes, only to mail that was in transit.
It's not clear that ISPs in general can read mail without any
notice or liability - just that the obvious readings of the law
that Councilman sued them under don't currently work in the 1st Circuit.
He might have tried various business-related torts successfully,
but the wiretapping laws looked like a slam-dunk.
But that doesn't usually work against police, just businesses.
Police reading mail like this really is a different case -
they either need some kind of court papers to hand the ISP
(though these days the Patriot Act seems to be used to justify
almost anything and place a gag order on the activity,
and a subpoena is easier to get than a warrant),
or they need some bogus justification that the ISP has to
obey "administrative requests" that aren't court-issued,
or they need to wiretap the bits legally.
One scary thing about Councilman was that it happened in a case
where the government was vaguely neutral and responsible for protecting
the citizen's privacy - when the prosecutors are _trying_ to get
outrageously twisted anti-privacy rulings they're more likely to win.
In particular, does a message count as "in transit" if you're
only hauling IP packets around with parts of the message
rather than the whole message, or does each part count as "in storage"
when it's gotten to a router that has to queue it before
forwarding it on to the next hop?  Or if the whole message
is queued in your ISP's sendmail queue because you've got an MX there?
What about _outgoing_ mail queued at your ISP,
who's being a good anti-spammer and forcing you to use
their mail transfer agent instead of sending directly to the destination?
There are several different threat models to think about -
- Greedy ISP reading your mail for their own purposes
- ISP responding to court-ordered wiretapping
- ISP collaborating enthusiastically with police
- Police wiretapping without court orders
- All of the above, but for stored mailboxes, not in-transit
- All of the above, but for traffic analysis / headers, not content
Mail-handling services don't prevent any of the in-transit threats,
but they can eliminate most of the threats to stored mailboxes,
and they do let you move your vulnerability to a different jurisdiction,
which can potentially reduce the likelihood that they'll wiretap you there.
For instance, if you're using your local cable modem company
for mailbox services, and you annoy your local police,
they may try to tap you, but police in Anguilla will probably
only try to tap you if you've gotten the US Feds or MI5/MI6 annoyed.
Police in Sealand might not respond to wiretaps at all,
but any unencrypted mail going there would have been watched closely.
Spooks in the UK proper might wiretap you as a favor to the US spooks,
and data privacy laws might or might not apply if you're a non-subject.
Google's Gmail is an interesting case.
Unlike Councilman's ISP, who were sneaky greedy wiretapping bums,
Google tells you that they'll grep your mail for advertising material,
and tells you how much of that they'll leak to the advertisers
and makes you some promises not to leak more.
The data's just sitting there waiting for a subpoena,
and there's not much point in having it all encrypted because
the cool features of Gmail aren't much use on cyphertext.
STARTTLS is helpful because it can protect mail from the sender's ISP.
Almost by definition, that's unencrypted mail, because otherwise
you wouldn't be so worried about it getting tapped.
It might.  Unless of course the service is really run by narcs.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-07-09 00:25:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Final stage 
But Osama bin Laden and George Dubya _were_ good buddies, weren't they?

@_date: 2004-07-09 21:50:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: USA PATRIOT Act Survives Amendment Attempt (fwd from    
The obvious method for the first half of your problem is
Shamir secret-sharing - n out of m people need to provide
their information in order to access the data item (or its key.)
That isn't necessarily an _efficient_ protocol for databases,
of course, but where you have something where it works, it works.
And obviously you'd want some jurisdictional arbitrage.
I'm not convinced that the second half of your problem makes sense.
The only ways to make sure that somebody knows something are either to
tell them or else to get them to tell you some piece of information you need.
Since it's the secret police that would be running the algorithm,
they're not going to be polite about telling them if they don't need to,
so you're dependent on some algorithm that requires their assistance,
which is in some sense consent.  I suppose you could differentiate
assistance and consent contractually, by telling them it's ok to release
the data when given papers from some appropriate court,
and you could probably even require them to notify you,
e.g. by having them charge a per-event fee for their service,
and maybe that'll hold up in jurisdictions where their secret police
don't cooperate well with your secret police.
Of course, even to use this requires that the application be designed
in some manner where there's some kind of key that's needed
to access the data, such as a mailbox that encrypts incoming mail
with your public key.  That doesn't prevent the secret police from
forcing your mailbox company to reveal the information before
encrypting it to you, but it does at least protect _old_ mail,
unless n out of the m key escrow agents all cooperate.
I don't know why you'd design a system like this when you could
do it without the key escrow feature - am I missing something?
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-07-17 14:06:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto   
On the other hand, 100,000 employees times two disk drives per desktop
and a few departmental servers can get you that much capacity.

@_date: 2004-07-18 00:09:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Secure telephones 
If you're trying to build a usable cellphone,
you've got much more stringent design criteria than a deskphone.
You've got packaging requirements that force you into
serious industrial design if you want something pocket-sized
with good battery life, plus you've got to implement all the
cellular interface features.
If you're willing to build a backpack-phone, that's a lot simpler,
because you can use a laptop with a
[pick-your-favorite-cellular-data-standard] card
and either a wired headset or a Bluetooth frob for a BT headset.
An intermediate design, which other people have done,
is an 802.11 phone - take your favorite high-end multimedia PDA
and an 802.11 card and write whatever UI you want.
Again, you can either do a wire to your pocket or Bluetooth,
or do what some of the early Compaq Ipaq phones did and just
hold the thing up to your cheek.
I'm not aware of any cellular data cards in PDA-usable format
(unless you've got a PDA big enough for PCMCIA),
but you could take a GSM etc. phone with a wired interface to a PDA.
The fun UI to implement is an all-audio one, with speech recognition
for commands.  There's a lot of market space out there for that.
Bluetooth headsets aren't necessarily a great match for it,
because you're getting a low bit-rate signal from a cheap microphone,
as opposed to 11kHz 16-bit audio sampling.

@_date: 2004-07-20 23:17:36
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto    
I think you're talking at cross-purposes.
If you're the Good Guy, trying to keep from being wiretapped,
you need to assume that the Bad Guys are going to get everything,
or at least everything of _yours_.
If you're the Wiretapper, trying to figure out how to get everything,
it's still difficult and expensive and annoying,
and much easier to just administrative-subpoena-gag-order the ISP,
limiting the number of people at the ISP who know anything.
 > > Tape Drives
 > How will you do _that_ quietly?
You don't put the tape drives on ISP premises, you put the extra
fiber connections to the Homeland Security Office there,
and put the tape drives somewhere convenient -
or if the ISP also runs a colo center, you put them there
in a cage rented by the Maryland Procurement Agency or something.
 > OC192s full of ATM and T1s and T3s, oh my!
Most ISPs can roughly be divided into the
access-side connections (lots of small circuits out to end users),
backbones (fat pipes to your other POPs and other ISPs),
and processing/hosting/etc. equipment.
Wiretapping the backbone doesn't get you everything,
but it's a small number of fat pipes, and you don't need to go
tracking and demuxing all the thousands of little access circuits
or demodulating the modems or whatever - just get the good stuff,
where it's all been routed together on a fat IP channel
(possibly running MPLS, but that's just a few extra headers.)
If an ISP is buying an access ring from an access ring provider,
you can subpoena _that_ provider to find out which channels or
wavelengths are probably the ones you want and do a passive tap there.
 > Tapping fibers under the ocean.
Most big US ISP backbones these days run OC48 or OC192
between bigger cities; connections to small cities vary a lot
depending on concentrator-deployment philosophies.
The OC48 and OC192 are usually wavelengths on big DWDM pipes,
though in concentrated areas like New York to Boston you'll
see a certain amount of large bundles of fiber running single wavelengths.
Some of the older undersea cables are still one or two OC48s,
but most of the new stuff is DWDM, typically with bandwidths of
40-160 Gbps now which can be fired up to faster speeds if demand grows.
JYA's web site, by the way, has some absolutely terrific maps and
photographs of a lot of undersea cable systems; we occasionally
use the stuff at work (it's especially good when you're giving talks,
because it's public material you don't have to clear with bureaucrats...)
 > Legacy ATM equipment
Oh, right, you work at one of those _little_ ISPs :-)
Actually, there is a huge amount of ATM equipment out there,
because DSL usually runs ATM protocols on the access lines,
so CLECs and LEC DSL providers usually hand it to the ISPs as ATM.
There's also a lot of ATM and frame for enterprise use
within companies, but in the big ISP world it's mostly phased out
except for DSL, because the router companies and ethernet switching
caught up with ATM speeds a few years ago and are now long past them.
MPLS is pretty much reimplementing all the things that ATM was good at,
and for the last few years everybody's been hyping how MPLS will make
things really cool real soon now, and it's gradually taking over.
 > [ how much data there is ]
AT&T's Internet Protect security service collects IP headers
from our peering points and hub locations, analyzing trends
like rapid increases in uses of some protocols.  We saw the
Slammer worm make a couple of startup attempts or trial runs
(not sure which) for about four days before it hit,
so we had filters ready, and we've seen similar things on
a number of other viruses and port-scanning attacks.
It also lets us see things like "Yes, there's a big spike in
use of Protocol _x_ but it's just a DDOS against one university machine",
and it's starting to be helpful in blocking DDOSs.
The system uses passive optical taps (there are lots of vendors
who sell gear like that), and collects over 10TB a day
(our total Internet traffic is about 1.4PB/day, so this is about 1%.)
The database at the head end is a bit less flexible than MS Access or MySQL,
but it's a lot larger than typical databases can handle,
and the kinds of calculations that make sense at that scale
are a bit different than what you could use if you were
targeting a smaller data set.  Some of the most useful calculations are
"what percentage of bits/packets/flows are protocol X
or TCP or UDP to/from port Y."
Disclaimer: None of this is an official statement from
any three-and-a-half-letter-acronym organization.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-07-25 15:39:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Email tapping by ISPs, forwarder addresses, and crypto      
Cap'n Crunch may have bad teeth, but his eyes were fine the last time I saw

@_date: 2004-07-26 11:19:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Terror in the Skies, Again?" 
The flight attendant didn't identify which six people were air marshals,
and since the normal number of them ranges from zero to two per flight,
she was almost certainly just lying to calm down the troublesome passenger
(who definitely had no class, middle or otherwise.)
One of the entertaining followup items from this event was that,
yes, the group of ~14 Syrian musicians were really just musicians on tour,
but in fact their visas had expired about 3 weeks earlier,
though the TSA thugs who interrogated them after they arrived
didn't notice it.
I was surprised they were musicians - I'd expected them to have
been a soccer team, and I've been on enough airplanes with
sports teams on them that their behavior sounds totally typical.
And Middle Easterners flying out of Detroit?  What a surprise!
(Detroit's one of the main places that Arab immigrants move.)
Anne Jacobsen, prejudiced white columnist, wrote
 > What I experienced during that flight has caused me to question
 > whether the United States of America
 > can realistically uphold the civil liberties of every individual,
 > even non-citizens, and protect its citizens from terrorist threats.
And she's obviously in favor of "protection", whether or not it takes a
police state to do it.

@_date: 2004-07-27 09:10:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Meetingpunks] SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical   
Rick Moen suggested we have a Cypherpunks meeting in August, so:
SF Bay Area Cypherpunks August 2004 Physical Meeting Announcement
General Info:
DATE: Saturday 14 August 2004
TIME: 12:00 - 5:00 PM (Pacific Time)
PLACE:   Stanford University Campus - Tressider Union courtyard
Agenda: "Our agenda is a widely-held secret."  (This will be our first
meeting since April 2003, so the agenda is somewhat up for grabs.
Among upcoming events to note is the 7th annual Information Security
Conference, aka ISC04, Sept. 27-29 at Xerox PARC,  .
Also of note:  Our friendly Federalistas seem to be imposing
unprecedented visa restrictions on visiting foreign cryptographers.
Is it time for all international cryptography conferences to move
off-shore?  See:   )
As usual, this is an "Open Meeting on US Soil", and the public is invited.
Location Info:
    The meeting location will be familiar to those who've been to our outdoor
    meetings before, but for those who haven't been, it's on the Stanford
    University campus, at the tables outside Tressider Union, at the end of
    Santa Theresa, just west of Dinkelspiel Auditorium.
    We meet at the tables on the west side of the building, inside the
    horseshoe "U" formed by Tresidder. Ask anyone on campus where Tressider
    is and they'll help you find it.
    Food and beverages are available at the cafe inside Tresidder.
Location Maps:
    Stanford Campus (overview; Tressider is dead-center).
    Tressider Union (zoomed detail view).
    Printable Stanford Map (407k).
[ This announcement sent to the following mailing lists:
         cypherpunks-announce at toad.com, meetingpunks at cryptorights.org,
         cypherpunks-request at minder.net, cryptography-request at metzdowd.com
   Mailing list complaints or address corrections to bill.stewart at pobox.com.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com
Meetingpunks mailing list
Meetingpunks at lists.cryptorights.org
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-06-11 20:27:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reverse Scamming 419ers 
Troll bait - yum!   But this discussion is already partly my fault,
so I guess I'll bite.
It's true that most of these scammers have chosen a
life of non-violent theft that's more moral than some of the things
they could have done for money, like being bandits,
or joining the armies of the corrupt dictators they're
pretending to be the kids of.   That's still no excuse,
and they're in no position to complain if they get ripped off.
Furthermore, some suckers occasionally lose enough money to them
that they come to Nigeria looking for it, or come to Nigeria
to get their big payoffs, and some of the scammers demonstrate
that their non-violence is not based on principle but on opportunity,
so the suckers either get kidnapped for ransom, killed, or both.
But let's look a bit farther into the victims of these scams.
- Ordinary people get their time wasted by the volume of this stuff.
         -- If scammers don't mind wasting our time,
         they're in no position to complain if some "sucker"
         wastes their time by asking for a photograph of them
         dancing around with a chicken or whatever,
         and while they're doing that, they're not wasting my time.
- ISPs get their money wasted carrying this stuff.
         -- Scammers are in no position to complain if they
         occasionally get sued, or if their cybercafes get sued
         or cut off from the net and go out of business.
- Greedy suckers who don't mind accepting a cut of the money
         from the classic "corrupt murderous dictator" or
         "corrupt construction company"'s take.
         There are some people who'd contend that taking these people's
         money is a _good_ thing, just like taking the scammers' money is,
         but certainly they deserve whatever happens to them.
         Their wives and kids may or may not deserve it,
         but the beauty of the classic 419 scam is that they're
         unable to go to the police because they're as guilty as the scammers.
         It's too bad that the only way for these suckers to lose big money
         is for the scammers to get it, because otherwise it's kind of fun.
- Gullible suckers who actually believe the less immoral versions
         of the scam: "You've won the lottery", "My church needs money",
         "I'm dying and have no heirs and want to give my money away".
         Ripping off these people is wrong, and in many cases it's
         elderly people's life savings that they've got no way to replace,
         and the lying scum who are trying to rip them off deserve
         anything that happens to them, especially if it takes them
         out of action before they succeed and gets them revealed to their
         friends, families, and business acquaintances as incompetent thieves.
         It's more likely to succeed than complaining to the Nigerian police,
         but if the police actually _did_ anything more severe than
         demanding a cut of the profits, it would be much worse for the          and their families than simply losing money and getting laughed
         out of the cybercafe and Western Union office.  One good reason for
         operating a 419 scam out of a Netherlands cybercafe is that
         nobody's trying to impose Islamic law and cut your hand off...
         Evolution in action is certainly a good start here.
- There's also a middle ground of suckers, e.g. the ones who aren't
         accepting money from anything obviously criminal,
         but who should know bloody well that they probably don't have
         an uncle Fred  prospecting for oil in Nigeria
         for whom they're the next of kin, and that accepting the money
         rather than finding the "real" relatives who deserve it is dishonest,
         though it's ostensibly going to go to somebody who has just as
         little actual claim on the money, like the local government,
         so what the heck.  The scammers who try this one certainly
         deserve to get on other spammers' lists, lose a few bucks,
         and be encouraged to have embarrassing photos of themselves
         posted on the net.

@_date: 2004-06-19 11:40:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: A National ID: AAMVA's Unique ID 
Many states have sunshine laws that affect meetings their
policymakers attend, at least if they attend them in official capacity.
Could this be used here?
Perhaps the "Independent Smartcard Developer Association"
that Lucky ran for a while would be a useful front?

@_date: 2004-06-20 18:52:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Linksys WRT54G (and clones) 
200 MHz ought to be plenty for a typical home connection.
The FreeSWAN folks found that a 150 MHz Pentium Doorstop was
enough to keep a T1 line busy with 3DES - presumably AES is much faster.
So either one should be good enough for most US DSL or cable modem
connections, and they'll at least handle an 802.11b 2 MHz channel
(yeah, the stuff says 10 Mbps, but you either need 802.11g or .11a or
really good tuning to actually get that), and they'll probably go faster.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-06-21 12:58:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Papersplease Decision 
As the Reuters article says,
         "Kennedy said the Nevada law was narrow and precise,
         requiring only that a suspect disclose his or her name.
         It does not require the suspect to produce a driver's license or any other document."
A great source for Supreme Court decisions is and this case is at Kennedy does acknowledge, more or less, that their decision is
increasing state powers and decreasing the rights of individuals.
My reading of the opinions is that we probably had a better 4th Amendment and that the 5th Amendment one was a bit weaker.
However, this doesn't mean that any cop anywhere can simply stop you and demand ID.
Nevada _does_ have a law requiring that you identify yourself.
However, in the Hiibel case, the cop demanded that he produce papers,
which the Nevada law does _not_ require.
In many states, the drivers license laws require you to produce your
license when asked, if you're carrying it, though I'm not sure how many
of them require that you produce it if you weren't driving.
... of course, _next_ month they'll address "Homeland Security vs. 260 Million John Does",
or whatever other case the Feds decide to trump up proactively.
 is Gilmore & Noise's site,
but it hasn't been updated to reflect the verdict.

@_date: 2004-06-22 14:27:49
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [IP] When police ask your name, you must give it, Supreme   
It's legal to _have_ any name you wish, but in some states you can
just use the name you want, and in other states you have to legally change your name.
California's DMV changed their policies five or ten years ago -
this used to be one of the places where changing your name on a whim was
not only freely accepted, but just about mandatory in Hollywood,
but at least the DMV now requires you to legally change your name
(not sure if the rest of the law requires it.)
No legal requirement that I'm aware of, nor is literacy mandatory.
Some individual types of paperwork may require that
(wouldn't surprise me if the INS thugs did, for instance,
though their standard rule in the past was that they'd assign you an
inaccurate transliteration...)  but that doesn't mean they all need the same.
You're not required to get a birth certificate, though if your kid's born
in a hospital they'll tend to issue one whether you ask for it or not.
I never applied for a social security number, so I haven't seen the forms
(my parents had already done that for me, and I assume that the number I
memorized in ~2nd grade was correct, though I've long since lost the paper.)
Go read the Supreme Court majority opinion - the states are mentioned there,
though the opinion doesn't say exactly what each state requires.
California, BTW, isn't on the list.
It tries :-)  It also tries to differentiate by address.
Most DMVs aren't very good at record-keeping, and the last two
states I've lived in have each spent ~$50 million on huge
computer modernization processes that have failed miserably...
State laws requiring SSN disclosure for driver's licenses were
illegal under the Privacy Act of 1974, and then legalized
for limited uses in ~1986, and the Feds have made them
all but mandatory.  They're also mandatory for income-taxable business,
except when you can use a Taxpayer ID Number instead.
You're overestimating the morals of the more conservative members
of the Court, though "fun" requires a sense of humor which
may be lacking in Rehnquist's case.....  (Some of them do have fun -
Scalia recently went hunting with Cheney, for instance,
and Thomas got raked over the coals at his acceptance hearings
because of the fun he'd had harassing Anita Hill.
And one or two of the liberals are a bit on the odd side as well.)
They didn't take this case just because they wanted it to -
they took it because Gilmore and Noise and friends helped Hiibel
and the Nevada Public Defender get it there.
They aren't likely to hear another case soon that isn't edgy like this,
but the FBI, Homeland Security thugs and their antecedents have been
pushing for more and more government control over citizens,
so any available edge is likely to get pushed.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-06-22 16:53:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Genetically Engineered Virus Reduces Cocaine Cravings 
The Beeb's got a story about a virus that reduces
the effects of cocaine in rats, being better at getting
appropriate proteins to appropriate parts of the brain.
The news story talks about the potential for use in treatment
(says it's way too early to tell,
and says that addictive behaviours are psychologically complex
so they can't predict if addicts would just switch to
other drugs if the virus makes coke not work for them,
but that's the kind of thing people in the treatment biz say),
but the parts of the story that talk about what the virus
actually does talk about reduction in the direct effects of
cocaine on rat behaviour, not the effects on withdrawal.
Meanwhile, Dept of Homeland Security is pricing syringes...
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-06-22 22:57:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Hiibel case on NPR Talk Of The Nation Wednesday 11am PDT 
I heard an announcement on NPR tonight that tomorrow's
Talk Of The Nation program will be discussing the "Papers Please" case.
 .
Mark Rotenberg of EPIC will be on.
Wed, June 23, 2004 -- 11:00am PDT KQED.ORG
Refusing to give your name to a police officer could get you arrested. That's what the Supreme Court ruled this week. Guests: Bill Johnson, executive director and legal counsel of the National Association of Police Organizations; and Marc Rotenberg, president of Electronic Privacy Information Center.

@_date: 2004-06-24 23:01:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: My name is ! 
> Subject: My name is !
I had parsed the Major's Subject line diffently,
and was expecting this to be followed by
         My name is ! My name is ! My name is ! Slim Shady
         I'm Slim Shady!  I'm the _real_ Slim Shady!
         All you other Slim Shady's are just imitatin!
         etc. etc.
and while a cop might not expect you to break out into song
when asked a straightforward question,
cops these days who aren't doing extortion are
mostly doing political theater, so why not a bit of musical theater,
at least as long as you convince the RIAA that what you're
doing is _advertising_, not plagiarism...

@_date: 2004-06-26 00:27:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [IP] When police ask your name, 
Just as well.  They'd probably make you fill the form out in triplicate,
and that could be .... unwise ....

@_date: 2004-06-27 13:01:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Do any of them let _you_ see the GPS results (which would be useful),
or are they only available to Big Brother and maybe advertisers?

@_date: 2004-06-27 13:21:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: For Liars and Loafers, Cellphones Offer an Alibi 
Sigh.  It probably doesn't even cost them anything -
it's just another user interface menu item.
(I suppose that's not strictly true - if I were trying to build
a GPS Big Brother feature into cellphones for minimum cost,
I guess I'd probably look at having the phone just take
satellite readings and forward them to a central site for calculations,
to avoid having to put any extra computing support into the machine.
Don't know if that's a win or loss cost-wise.)
I've already got a GPS, but I seldom carry it around
unless I'm camping - it's old, so it's too clunky.

@_date: 2004-06-28 00:25:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Shuffling to the sound of the Morlocks' dinner bell 
> Bush is so evil I'll have to vote for the lesser evil
I felt that way about Reagan in 1984, and the Libertarians were
too disorganized to convince me otherwise.
Too bad the Democrats couldn't find a better candidate than Mondale.
My vote didn't change that landslide any, but it seems to have
helped the Democrats come up with a strategy for 1988,
which was to find the lamest available candidate and
run against someone other than Reagan, but voting for Dukakis
seemed to be throwing away my vote compared to voting for Ron Paul.
Fortunately, California will presumably be voting solidly Democrat,
though they'll probably still be using untrustable computerized
voting machines which only Republicans know how to steal instead of
the traditional Democrat-friendly versions.
I'd say Jonathan Edwards was marginally worse,
but he'll probably be the VP candidate.
Howard Dean threatened to turn the Democrats back into an
actual political party again, so the Democrats, Republicans,
and so-called liberal pro-establishment press made sure to
stomp on him (and if that didn't look well-coordinated,
you weren't paying attention.)
Joe Lieberman was the best Republican running, but he's out too.
But yeah, Kerry's best feature is that he's mostly evil on his own,
rather than Bush who had his father's old cronies pushing him,
who are frankly a lot more creatively evil than Kerry or Bush.
Also, while I don't understand the reality distortion effect that
makes Republicans and conservatives believe everything Bush says
deep down in their reptile brains even when their eyes are
telling them something different, I don't think Kerry has it,
and that's a Good Thing.

@_date: 2004-03-18 01:46:44
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Saving Opportunistic Encryption 
The simplest way to get half-safe opportunistic encryption is the "Open Secret" shared secret,
or equivalently, draft-ietf-ipsec-internet-key-00.txt's shared secret.  Everybody who wants to use it just adds it to their ipsec's list of known shared secrets, and uses it unless something better is available.  It doesn't pretend to be MITM-proof, but it's a start.  Doing the whole job correctly is much harder, which is why Gilmore's do-the-job-correctly-or-bust project didn't achieve the "encrypting X% of the net by Christmas", where X>1 and Christmas < 2010.  (This doesn't count the VPN market, which is what got the commercial support, even if many of the vendors used FreeS/WAN code, and it's a much easier problem even if ISAKMP/Oakley is a hard way to do something easy.)
Forward DNS support is widely available, because anybody out there who doesn't want to run their own DNS can find a friendly DNS provider who'll sell them a subdomain they can use, e.g. joecypherpunk.FriendlyDnsProvider.net, and they can even do DNSSEC support (though obviously you can't walk the whole tree unless the roots are signed.)  No ISP support needed.
Reverse DNS support was pretty much a non-starter, because most ISPs don't give the user control over their reverse DNS space even if they bother to implement it at all.   They're getting better, but you're still usually port123.box456.sfo.example.net, and forget getting DNSSEC support.  You *could* make it work by building a separate Reverse DNS tree, like D.B.C.A.opportunistic-encryption.org, instead of hanging it off D.B.C.A.in-addr.arpa.  You'd still have to get people to populate it, and make it scalable and DDOS-proof, but perhaps you could do it.
Reverse DNS also has the problem that it's _not_ a 1:1 matching - a given IP address may have many virtual hosts on it, and therefore many domain names, and the domain names can be different for email vs. web vs. other protocols.  So it can only work on a subset of the application space, even if you've got the control you need.
Of course, forward DNS isn't really what you want, and reverse DNS mostly is, because there isn't a user interface to your IPSEC interface or routing tables, especially if the IPSEC box is some security gateway that the end user doesn't even have access to, so unless you want to invent some other protocol (not ISAKMP/Oakley/etc.) to seed the IPSEC Security Associations, all you've got to work with   is the IP address of a destination, not a name.
It's possible to play hackish workarounds that have the DNS server opportunistically fetch DNSSEC information, with the assumption that most people only talk to IP addresses that they got from DNS lookups, and it even has the performance advantage that you can do the fetch before you send out any TCP or UDP packets to the destination instead of stalling and risking timeouts.  They're not hugely reliable, but they're a start, especially if you're going to fall back to "Open Secret".  They're mainly useful for machines that are doing their own IPSEC encryption, rather than using some IPSEC gateway/firewall box - otherwise you need to build dodgy configurations like running the DNS server on  the IPSEC gateway and making sure DNS caching and IPSEC SA caching times are compatible.   Also, working at this level means you're not just hacking the kernel, or the kernel plus some helper daemons - you're hacking BIND and its competitors, and suddenly you become responsible for maintaining them :-)
Another approach is to invent a whole new protocol, separate from ISAKMP/Oakley/SKIP/etc., which does a handshake to fetch keys.  It either has to hit a server at the destination's IP address, implying a need for firewall transparency and compatible address spaces (probably works better for transport mode than tunnel mode?), or else have some mechanism for finding a key+config server.  Hugh Daniel suggested rehabilitating Finger as the end-system protocol (after all, we've long since patched the security bugs that the Morris worm used back in 1988).  If you're building a non-end-to-end mechanism that uses IP addresses as its lookup, you're getting awfully close to reinventing Reverse DNS, or else building some other vast coordinated effort with half-vast goals.  On the other hand, if you're patching half of ISAKMP/Oakley anyway, might as well patch Photuris, which is much smaller, lighter, and more correct.
                 Bill Stewart
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-03-20 00:13:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Challenge-response port knocking for TCP 
Firewalls may munge the TCP headers, and if you're just protecting the session setup,
you still need to worry about eavesdroppers and session hijackers.
Also, this doesn't strike me as the right protocol layer to address the problem at.
If you want to be secure, either use IPSEC (in which case this isn't that or else use SSL if you'd rather wrap things in Layer 4.
Alternatively, do the job at Layer 7.

@_date: 2004-03-26 14:13:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anonymizing service employees rat out extortionist 
At 08:16 AM 3/26/2004, Eric Tully wrote to the Cypherpunks list
 > > (and not Anonymiser.com as > we mistakenly wrote in our initial report -
 > > apologies to all concerned - Ed), believing the company's privacy policy would protect him."
Duhhh..   is a competing service, run by different people.
You don't "ask for a retraction" that names somebody else
unless it was somebody else who did it, or at least you don't do so
with the expectation that you'll _get_ the retraction
as opposed to getting flamed in public.
Surfola's privacy policy does say that they won't ever, at any time,
for any reason, give your name, residence address, or email address
to any third party.  I guess we know how much to trust that,
though strictly speaking, it doesn't say they won't give out IP addresses,
and at least one of the articles said that the Feebs could track him down
because he didn't have the sense to use an internet cafe
instead of connecting from home.  (On the other hand,
it said he paid for the anonymization service using Paypal and
giving his own email address, so it's possible that Surfola _did_
rat him out in ways that contradict their privacy policy.)
Also, the original anonymous posting said "no subpoena involved",
but didn't indicate that they knew this was true.
It sounded like it might have been correct, but might not.
Now, this kind of application of Blacknet is the sort of thing
that gives privacy protection a bad name - the guy certainly
deserved to be caught and busted, as well as deserved to have
Darwin remind him that he wasn't as bright as he thought he was....
But Surfola's privacy policy shouldn't be making promises that
it can't keep, or that it doesn't intend to keep.
It appears to be based on a BellSouth DSL line in/near Jacksonville, FL,
which means that Kris is subject not only to warrants,
but also subpoenas, FISA Secret Court Gag-Ordered Subpoenas,
Patriot Act secret gag-ordered requests for assistance from Homeland Security,
legal or illegal wiretaps on anything unencrypted,
and any fishing trips that the local police want to take
(at least if he's not running encrypted disk partitions.)
Its privacy policy ought to reflect that,
even if such things aren't particularly enforceable.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2004-03-27 01:24:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anonymity of prepaid phone chip-cards 
What do you mean by "Trick"?  Is that a local brand name,
or are you implying there's something special about this card?
Normal phone cards let their issuers know in almost-real-time that
they're being used, because they're spending money from a
specific debit account, not digital cash tokens.
It's not like old-fashioned monthly phone bills,
which didn't need to be in real-time because they
knew where you lived (and weren't real money anyway*,
except for international calls requiring settlements.)
Some cards have more information - many brands can be recharged
using a credit card, which might identify the user.
Well, of course - databases are much easier these days
now that megabits/second and gigahertz are slow and terabytes are small and and calling card companies _are_ fundamentally in the business
of doing database queries and updates, not telecommunications.
They're even easier for new competitive phone companies than
for the old monopolies, because they don't have an embedded base
of antique data structures.
An initial call to someone might not be easily traced in near-real-time,
unless the recipient was a "usual suspect" set up for it,
because that's backwards from the normal database structures.
But once you've done the medium or hard work to identify
the source of the call after the fact, and gotten lucky by
finding it was from a phone card company in your country,
setting up a forward trace for future calls from that company
shouldn't be very difficult.   It's the kind of feature that
might only be useful to police and other stalkers,
but maybe the phone company had operational reasons for building it,
and it looks for data in the Simple Matter of Programming direction,
not the Huge Difficult Sieve Through Everything direction.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2004-03-30 11:22:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Gilmore Dimissal 
The NOLA PD spokescritter said their new powers
         "will be used judiciously", which is an entertaining phrase to use
         when you really mean "without asking a judge".
         Greyhound demands ID at some locations as well;
         my brother got surprised when his trip,
         which hadn't demanded ID on the way out,
         got routed through Chicago on the return and they did demand ID.
         Marbury vs. Madison was an entertainingly kinky case,
         but the ability of judges to declare laws or executive actions
         Unconstitutional and therefore void is the main thing that's
         made the Bill of Rights effective (to the extent it has been.)
         The courts have often failed in that duty, but it's rightly theirs.
         The alternative would be that the Constitution means
         whatever the executive branch of government says it means,
         and whatever the legislature says it means,
         and if the police wanted to keep you in jail and didn't
         need to obey writs of habeas corpus, you'd rot in jail,
         and if they didn't feel that they needed search warrants,
         like they generally didn't before the Exclusionary Rule,
         they wouldn't bother getting them,
         and if the legislature wanted to tax something that the
         Constitution didn't explicitly authorize them to tax,
         they'd just tax it and you'd have no recourse
         (ok, that one's not much different than today...)
         He was one of the thugs, of course...

@_date: 2004-05-10 18:44:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Can Skype be wiretapped by the authorities? (fwd from   
That's why you keep your CPU under your tin-foil hat, isn't it?
Certainly works for me...
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-05-18 16:11:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: IRS May Help DOD Find Reservists 
Wow!  It was "EXAMINED BY LAWYERS!"  That's almost as reassuring as
saying it was "Generated by a Computer"!  (OK, these days it really _is_
better when the Pentagon says something was examined by their JAG corps
rather than decided by the political appointees running the Pentagon...)
They don't even say if it's DoD lawyers or IRS lawyers or other lawyers.
There's a wide range in the types of methods they could use
to find this information, some of which are the camel's nose in the tent
and others of which are half the camel, but all of which are pretty much bad.
I suppose the DoD could hand the IRS a list of names+SSNs and ask them
to deliver the mail without any feedback to the DoD,
but if the project has only been approved by "lawyers" and not by
anybody with a clue about information technology or privacy protection,
it's a bad bad idea.
I get occasional junk snailmail as a veteran, trying to sell me something
or other that veterans are apparently suckers for.
I'm *not* a veteran (I was 1H in the last draft lottery),
and I'm assuming that they're sending me the information because
I'm male and the right age group, rather than because some database
actually _does_ think I'm a veteran, but I'd really rather not have
the IRS telling the Army where I live just in case they might think that.
It's bad enough if they're acting on real information,
but there are all kinds of other problems that can happen with bad info,
such as them looking for a previous resident of this address,
or getting mixed up with nearby addresses (my neighbor was Navy.)
I'm also not thrilled with the DMV telling my local police the
address of my neighbor's legality-challenged son, and getting it wrong,
which led to the police pounding on my door at 6am with a warrant.

@_date: 2004-11-03 16:43:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: the new Keyser Sose (was Re: "Do androids dream of   
Not sure if the old Keyser Sose was limping or not,
but he came out last week to give George Bush's campaign a helpful
"Booga booga booga" to remind the sheeple that he's still there.
Bush's speech had bragged that Osama could "run, but he can't hide",
and Kerry neglected the chance to remind the public that
Osama ran, and he's hidden real well, and that Bush has been
too busy with the war on Saddam to bother catching him.

@_date: 2004-11-04 18:34:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Love It or Leave It 
Bob continues to forward entertaining and occasionally insightful articles to the list.
 > can someone remind me why secession is not an option at this point?
Meanwhile, on the Commie-colored side of the fence,
Mike Thompson of HUMAN EVENTS ONLINE
took several weeks to write a "modest proposal" to
kick the states that didn't get with the program out of the union.
Those of us who remember the Vietnam-era redneck taunt about
"America: Love It or Leave It" also remember that if anybody
*did* leave, the right wing got immensely offended by it
and wanted to hunt them traitors down like dawgs.
Then of course there was that unpleasantness of the
War Between the States, aka the War of Northern Aggression,
in which the Red States left because they didn't like the
liberal northerners and their activist judges and politicians
disrupting the core of their traditional values,
and the Blue States insisted that Nationalism was
more important than the right to secede and attacked them.
So no, it probably won't fly...
Unfortunately, I have to agree with the critics of Kerry who said
that he was aloof and out of touch with Middle America;
his campaign clearly didn't recognize that Bush had
succeeded at telling them that Kerry didn't share their values,
and Kerry didn't realize it and demonstrate otherwise,
nor did he do an adequate job of talking about Democratic values
in a way that would draw them in.
And the Republicans and the Democrat establishment had
pretty much gotten together to take out Howard Dean,
who was building an actual political party inside the
hollowed-out shell of the current party.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-11-10 12:40:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ashcroft resigns, America is Safer, at least for the moment 
With Ashcroft going, America's a bit safer,
unless of course his successor is just as bad.
One of the candidates for Ashcroft's successor is
Bush's White House legal counsel Alberto Gonzales,
who's been responsible for several memos suggesting that
POWs from Afghanistan aren't protected by the Geneva Conventions
and that torturing captives may be ok.
So we may not be safer once he's in place.
Another candidate is Larry Thompson, former deputy attorney general,
who's currently the general counsel for Pepsico.
He's black, which is for some reason still politically interesting,
but he's also indicated that he likes working at Pepsico.
NYT's latest rumors favor Gonzales.
(Requires free login - use some fake email address if you don't have one.)

@_date: 2004-11-16 10:17:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gettin' Our Scots-Irish Up 
The music that I associate with National Review is
distinctly not country-western -
it's Bach's Second Brandenburg Concerto,
used as the theme music for Bill Buckley's program Firing Line.
They may be putting on country-boy airs, but they're still elitists...
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-11-21 23:34:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Latest Tasteful Video Game 
Slsahdot reports that MSNBC reports that there's a new video game "JFK Reloaded" that lets you explore the Kennedy assassination
from Lee Harvey Oswald's perspective.
Neither the article nor the website indicates whether you can
also take shots from the Grassy Knoll or other locations,
or whether you get +3 Magic Bullets as opposed to regular bullets.
The authors claim that they're trying to let people see that the
Lone Gunman theory is plausible by letting them try it out.
Ted Kennedy's staff put out a highly negative statement,
but didn't call for censorship.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-11-24 02:42:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fallujah: Marine Eye-Witness Report 
Well, once you get past the invalid and dishonest parts of
Bush's 57 reasons We Need to Invade Iraq Right Now
(WMDs, Al-Qaeda, Tried to kill Bush's Daddy, etc.)
you're pretty much left with "Saddam tried to kill Bush's Daddy"
and "Replacing the EEEVil dictator Saddam with a Democracy
to protect the Iraqi people".  Pulling off the latter
requires that you leave them with something better
than a civil war, though it's not clear that
what they're getting right now _is_ better than a civil war.

@_date: 2004-10-01 11:59:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: QC Hype Watch: Quantum cryptography gets practical 
It's also known as a "wiretap insertion point"...
 > As for "Hype Watch", I tend to agree, but I also believe that Gelfond
 > (who I spoke to last year) actually does have a 'viable' system.
 > Commerically viable is another thing entirely, however.
"Practical" implies that there's a crossover point between
cost and benefit and that implementation is on the "benefit" side.
Implementation may now be possible, and the costs may be lower
than their previous infinite value, but the main benefits I see are
public relations hype to impress the rubes and protect against
zero-day exploits against Diffie-Hellman or Cisco IOS.
But you could protect against the Cisco exploits just as easily
with a conventional-key encryption hardware box,
and you wouldn't need contiguous fiber.

@_date: 2004-10-01 23:22:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Nightclub you'll want to skip - RFID microchipping the guests   
Here's a nightclub you'll want to skip, unless you feel like hacking RFIDs...
("Nothing up my sleeve but this Rivest RFID Blocker!")
** Barcelona clubbers get chipped **
Some clubbers in Barcelona have opted to have a microchip implanted which
lets them pay for drinks.
<  >
BBC Science producer Simon Morton goes clubbing in Barcelona with a
microchip implanted in his arm to pay for drinks.
Imagine having a glass capsule measuring 1.3mm by 1mm, about the size of a
large grain of rice injected under your skin.
Implanting microchips that emit a Radio Frequency Identification (RFID)
into animals has been common practice in many countries around the world,
with some looking to make it a legal requirement for domestic pet owners.
The idea of having my very own microchip implanted in my body appealed. I
have always been an early adopter, so why not.
Last week I headed for the bright lights of the Catalan city of Barcelona
to enter the exclusive VIP Baja Beach Club.
The night club offers its VIP clients the opportunity to have a
syringe-injected microchip implanted in their upper arms that not only
gives them special access to VIP lounges, but also acts as a debit account
from which they can pay for drinks.
This sort of thing is handy for a beach club where bikinis and board shorts
are the uniform and carrying a wallet or purse is really not practical.
Thumping heart
I met the owner of the club, Conrad Chase, who had come up with the idea
when trying to develop the ultimate in membership cards and was the first
person implanted with the capsule, made by VeriChip Corporation.
With a waiver in his hand Conrad asked me to sign my life away, confirming
that if I wanted the chip removed it was my responsibility.
Four aspiring VIP members sat quietly sipping their beverages as the nurse
Laia began preparing the surgical materials.
Like a scene from a sci-fi movie, latex gloves and syringes were laid out
on the table as the DJ played loud dance tunes that made my heart thump, or
was it just fear?
Questions were going through my mind. Would it hurt? What are the risks?
What if I want to get it out?
I ordered another drink.
Comfortably numb
Laia started by disinfecting my upper arm and then administered a local
anaesthetic to numb the area where the chip would be implanted.
With the large needle in her hand, she tested the zone which made me flinch
and led to another dose of the anaesthetic.
With a numb arm, Laia held up the rather large needle containing the
microchip and inserted it beneath the layer of skin and fat on my arm.
She pressed the injector and it was in - my very own 10 digit number safely
located in my body.
The chip is made of glass and is inert so there is no risk of it reacting
with my body.
It sits dormant under the skin sending out a very low range radio frequency
so it will not set off airport security systems.
The chip responds to a signal when a scanner is held near it and supplies
its own unique ID number.
The number can then be linked to a database that is linked to other data,
at the Baja beach club it make charges to a customers account.
If I want to leave the club then I can have it surgically removed - a
pretty simple procedure similar to having it put in.
Now, the question of did it hurt. Having the chip inserted was a breeze, no
real pain to report of.
The real pain was the sore head the following day after a night on an open
bar tab.
You can hear more about Simon's experiences on the BBC World Service
programme Go Digital
Story from BBC NEWS:
Published: 2004/09/29 08:17:45 GMT
) BBC MMIV

@_date: 2004-10-03 12:01:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Foreign Travelers Face Fingerprints and Jet Lag 
There's already a wall / fence built to keep Mexicans out.
They're primarily intended to create a climate of fear and dependence
and reassure the American public that the government's in charge.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-08 22:57:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RFID Driver's licenses for VA 
Tinfoil Wallets, anybody?  :-)
Actually, does anybody know if metallized mylar would do a good job
of blocking RFID readers, or if that carbon-fiber insulating cloth
that's useful for RF-shielded rooms would work well enough?
Also sounds like a good reason to carry a Rivest RFID blocker in your wallet.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-17 00:50:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
Fundamentalism doesn't make people kill people.
Being pissed off does.  Being scared does.
Believing that those people are a threat to a Higher Cause
you Believe In does, whether it's religion, country, family, etc.
Wanting other people's stuff does.
Failing to believe that other people matter does
if they happen to be in your way.
Failing to believe that other people matter does
if it looks like it'll help you get what you want.
Being stupid might not directly make people kill people,
but it can affect whether you think the other conditions apply
and/or who you kill if you're going to kill people.
Some of those things make you willing to die in the process
of killing the people you want killed, and some don't,
though there's the intermediate case of being willing to have
people on Your Side get killed as long as it's not you.
McVeigh was pissed off, and he believed that the Feds
as a whole were a threat to America, so he decided to kill
Feds who were an easy target, as opposed to, say,
raiding a well-armed BATF headquarters.
The kids in the next buildings were just collateral damage.
Bush, on the other hand, doesn't believe other people matter,
and getting US soldiers killed or Iraqi children killed
or lying to the American public about them being Safer is fine,
though Saddam trying to kill his Daddy really pissed him off,
and war is the health of the state, which is him and his buddies.
You really don't want Carlos the Jackal on your flight.
Non-suicidal airplane bombers might bring a bomb onto a plane
and hide it under the seat so it'll blow up on the next flight,
or hide it inside somebody else's luggage so it'll blow up on
_their_ next flight, or whatever.  And they've usually done
more thinking about how to get away with it, though they're
trying to solve a much harder problem than suicide bombers are.
James Bamford's latest book "A Pretext for War"
is mainly about the Bush Administration's willingness
to use 9/11 as an excuse for the war they wanted even before
they got into office, but he spends a while excoriating the CIA
for being a bunch of bleeding incompetents.
The CIA spent a while trying to chase and kill bin Laden,
while constantly losing track of most of his organizations,
but they didn't ever try infiltrating Al Qaeda, because they
thought it would be too difficult to pass off their infiltrators
as credible due to cultural differences.
Yet Johnny Walker Lindh and Richard Shoebomber Reid
didn't much trouble joining them.  Bamford apparently
believes that Reid was the genuine article, though Reid sure
looks like the ideal guy you'd use if you wanted to
scare the public by planting an unsuccessful crazy bomber wannabee.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-18 20:54:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
As Erma Bombeck wrote, by the time you look like your
passport photo, it's time to come home from vacation.
An extra couple of red-eye flights don't help, either.
James misspoke here - the only public air transport I'm aware of
in the US is run by the military, and or if he meant
that people who look like shaggy-haired Brits with real leather shoes
should be banned from privately-run transportation systems like
airplanes and Greyhound, that pretty much leaves
Amtrack as the only long-distance transport option for civilians,
since city and county busses normally don't go very far.
 > > Provided the number of people you throw off planes is
 > > rather small, I don't see the problem.
Depends a lot on how high up the planes are when you throw them off...
There's the concept of "due process of law" that
the Bush administration isn't very familiar with
that determines when you're Constitutionally permitted
to deprive people of their liberties.
 > Personally, as a relatively frequent flyer, I worry much more about things
 > like cutting corners of fuselage and engine maintenance and quality of
 > fuel (and, perhaps even more, the quality of onboard coffee) than about
 > bombers on board.
Unfortunately, cutting the quality of the onboard coffee means that
you're more likely to look like a shoe-bomber by the time the
plane arrives.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-18 20:54:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
James Donald recently wrote
 > > It isn't a problem for you until it happens to you. Who knows
 > > when being interested in anon e-cash will become a ground to
 > > blacklist *you*.
 > I know when it will happen.  It will happen when people
 > interested in anon ecash go on suicide missions.   :-)
More likely, when anon ecash money-launderers start being accused of
funding terrorist activities.
Unfortunately, the primary algorithm seems to work like this:
- Somebody puts a name on some list because it seems like a
         good idea at the time, and there's no due process required.
- Everybody copies lists from everybody else,
         with minimal attempt to track where the information comes from.
- Database corruption propagates rapidly, so anybody who's on
         any list because of political corruption like Neo-Cointelpro
         stays there because of database corruption.

@_date: 2004-10-18 21:04:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
None of those things sound like terrorism to me,
just basic military violence, though certainly the
American and Russian militaries aren't the only ones
engaging in terrorist activities in South Asia
and some of these ~146 people may be among them.
But most of the Warlord-vs-Warlord fighting in Afghanistan
isn't terrorism, and most of the Iraqi Resistance isn't either,
and I'd have expected that a staunch anti-communist like James
wouldn't mind people shooting at Russian soldiers even though
they're no longer Soviets.
While the ones murdering Iraqi Christians may be doing it out of
religious hatred as well as the perception that the
Americans are running a Christian crusade against the Muslim world,
the Indonesian invasions of their neighbors such as East Timor
are just good old nationalist expansion -
the US has been funding the Indonesian military for ~40 years
because they're our Anti-Communist buddies,
and who cares about their human rights records.
You didn't expect that behaviour to stop just because there
were no longer any Commies around, did you?

@_date: 2004-10-20 10:46:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Give peace a chance"? NAH... 
Do you mean the terrorists who raised their funding in
bars in Boston and San Francisco?  They haven't been
doing much active terror lately, though they still
try to raise funds in the bars on Geary Street.
The Bush Administration says that they'll go bomb any country
that harbors anti-US terrorists, but if the UK felt the
same way and bombed Boston I bet they'd be a bit upset.
(Bombing San Francisco wouldn't bother the Bush League as much.)

@_date: 2004-10-20 22:44:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Printers betray document secrets 
It turns out that their techniques aren't all that useful.
Changing laser printer cartridges changes the results.
You might find that two documents were printed
by the same printer, but it doesn't give you the
options for tracking it down that manual typewriters did.
And the differences don't identify a specific printer
in a way that can be tracked, e.g. identifying a serial number
that could be looked up from warranty records.
It's not clear that they work at all with inkjet printers,
and changing ink cartridges is even more common than
changing laser printer cartridges.  If you're sloppy,
you've probably got a bunch of partly-used cartridges around,
so even if you want to print out a bunch of ransom notes
or whatever, you don't even have to go to Kinko's
to get them to be different.
If printer makers want to build in watermarking to
make everything they print traceable, the way many of them
check for documents that look like money and don't print them,
they could hide patterns that survive cartridge changes
(would you notice a few inverted pixels on a 600x600dpi printout?)
But even then, inkjet printers are dirt cheap;
when they're on sale, they're essentially a free enclosure
in a box of overpriced printer cartridges,
so even of the printer wants to rat out the user and
it's not easy to change the serial number PROM,
you can just replace the printer.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-22 02:27:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Dr. Hunter S. Thompson on the Election 
A lot of columnists are trying to look fair and balanced in their
election coverage, expressing their biases opinions while claiming
to be reasonable; I'm most recently mad at Safire for this.
So it's nice to be able to recommend a column by someone
who's making no pretense of balance, the good Doctor himself:
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-22 11:12:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
> J.A. Terranson
 > > No.  We are under attack by those DEFENDING THEMSELVES.
 > All of the terrorists came from countries that were
 > beneficiaries of an immense amount of US help.
James - Many, perhaps most, of the POWs at Gitmo weren't foreigners,
they were Afghans.  Many of the POWs at Gitmo probably were Al-Qaeda
or other organized paramilitary groups.  But many of them were
described by the US propagandists as "Taliban fighters" -
the military arm of the local central government who were
"legitimate" to the extent that any group of warlords
who are the current king of the hill are legitimate,
and not too many months before the invasion,
the US government was giving those same Taliban $43million
because they were so helpful in our War on Drugs.
And sure, they're a nasty bunch, but so are many of the
anti-communist military juntas the US supported over the years.
It wasn't like the US didn't know the Taliban were
tolerating anti-American terrorist groups at the time -
Clinton's Pentagon had bombed some of the camps in ~97
as well as the Sudan medical factory in response to
bin Laden's bombing of the US embassies in Africa.
Also, perhaps you don't realize this, but many countries
with central governments do allow foreigners to stay there,
whether as immigrants, tourists, guestworkers, businessmen,
students, or attendees of terrorist training camps like the
School of the Americas or the Osama bin Laden gang.
Countries without effective central governments are usually
more flexible about such things, and cultures that are
tribally organized with colonialist-drawn boundaries
are also less likely to be picky about it, though they may
be more picky about whose tribal land you're in.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-27 18:14:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Donald's Job Description 
Oh, definitely much lower(even if he wins :-).
And if he loses, he ought to take Nader's place as the
"spoiled the election" guy, or at least Dukakis's.
They say we've got the best politicians money can buy,
but we sure should be able to buy better politicians than him.
Kerry was one of the worst runnable Democrats they could find.
Edwards was worse, and at the time I thought Gephardt was worse,
though Kerry's chickened out enough that he might not win,
which would be worse than Gephardt winning.
Kerry's a content-free stuffed shirt who no longer has the guts
that he had during his anti-war days, which is a big problem
in a campaign about emotions and values and Fearmongering,
and Edwards is all pretty face with no apparent soul either.
He's thoroughly failed to propose anything positive or concrete
(saying "Help is on the way" just doesn't cut it,
especially if you don't have anything to offer except not being Bush)
and he's let his "I'm a war hero" stance
get in the way of bashing Bush's incompetence in the war
and bashing Bush's fundamental dishonesty.
He's let Karl Rove dominate the emotional campaign,
and failed to take the high road aggressively
but tried to fight back against Rove on Rove's territory, which is futile.
The only time he really got anywhere emotionally was during
the parts of the debates where he would talk about how Bush's father did x/y/z
and Bush Jr. wasn't up to it, which left Bush squirming at his podium,
and he failed to catch on to the fact that Bush-o-nomics is
the same Voodoo Economics that Bush Sr. criticized when he was
running against Reagan.
Howard Dean would have been fun, but he was enough of a threat
to the establishment that they had to stop him
(especially the Democratic establishment,
because he was rebuilding an actual political party with
some grass roots in it as opposed to the current pure astroturf.)
And MoveOn seems to have mostly disappeared.

@_date: 2004-10-28 01:14:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Russia tied to Iraq's missing arms 
The Bush Administration succeeded in delaying it until
late enough in October not to ruin the election,
and in the Commie-Colored states it's probably mostly
playing as "that Eeeevillll Saddam had lots of Ammo,
aren't we glad that Fearless Leader took him out!"
There's the Liberal Media at work :-)
         The Bush Administration keeps using phrases like
"reliable information" and "credible sources".
I don't think it means what _they_ think it means.
Russians collaborating with Iraqis?  I thought the Iraqis
were supposed to be on the side of Moslem Terrorists,
like the Chechens.  I guess propaganda has no more reason to be
self-consistent than Middle Eastern political behaviour, though.
Saddam giving weapons to the Iranians?  Fat chance.
Syria's not real likely either, though less improbable,
and Lebanon's mostly under Syrian control but has enough
people there who are anti-Israel that it's possible.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-28 01:35:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Donald's Job Description 
No, if you google for timcmay and got.net, you'll find him.
(He changed from tcmay to timcmay a couple of years ago
after getting too much spam or something,
and there's spam-harvester-distraction in his posted domain name.)
He's posted on ba.food in the last week, among other places.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-28 01:37:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Donald's Job Description 
Hey, we've got DiFi here, who's unfortunately been
more effective at getting things she wants.
But it's Barbara Boxer who's up for election this round.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-29 10:54:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: 2000 curies of Ci 
MilliCuries?  That's a bit surprising,
though losing microCuries of it would be more likely.
An average home smoke detector has 1-5 microcuries,
and industrial detectors go up to 15, according to
one or two articles on the web which may be outdated.
So you're saying they lose hundreds to thousands of
smoke detectors a month?
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-30 13:36:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Geodesic neoconservative empire 
Since this chain started by ragging on RAH about it being a
_geodesic_ neo-{Khan, con-men} empire, you're both correct -
there isn't a conflict between ruling them by proxy
and not ruling them directly, assuming that the Commander-in-Chief
can get Our Puppet Iraqis to take over ruling their country for us
as was supposed to magically happen when we knocked off
our previous puppet.  It didn't help that the Iraqis have
con-men of their own like Ahmad Chalabi telling our con-man
how easy it would be (which is what they wanted to hear)
and we've not only had to get a new puppet, we've had to
do an awful lot more work that we were supposed to.
I've never been clear how much the neo-con gang
(Wolfowitz, Leo Strauss, et al.) desire to
give America a cohesive sense of national purpose
through empire was because they cared about actually
controlling the rest of the world and
how much was because they cared about ruling America.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-10-31 12:03:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Osama's makeover 
Nah - he's allowed to use a Teleprompter,
unlike Bush and Kerry at the debate-o-mercials.
And unlike Bush, he can actually read.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-09-01 22:55:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The cages on the Hudson, AKA Little Guantanamo (fwd) 
Middletown NJ has one also (about an hour from the city by car, YMMV by tank.)
Back in the revolutionary days of the 60s and 70s,
the police chief, who was actually named Joe McCarthy and tried
to live up to the name, was concerned that the
Puerto Ricans in the ethnic neighborhoods along the shore
might get uppity and take over the naval base, which everybody knew
had Nuke-u-lur Weapons even though they'd never admit it,
and the naval base might not be able to defend itself against a mob,
so he convinced the town council that they needed to buy a tank.
I haven't seen it, but one of my friends said that when he last saw it,
it hadn't been moved in a while and had sunk about a foot into the mud.
(When I'd first heard they had a tank, I'd assumed it was
really some amphibious military vehicle they used for
hauling cars out of the swamps or something, but no, it's a regular tank.)
                 Bill

@_date: 2004-09-01 23:01:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The cages on the Hudson, AKA Little Guantanamo (fwd) 
> This ain't the nice little suburb you do your contract programming in...
 > this is New York City. We only obey the law because we know there's a
 > thin line between order and chaos in this town.
Hey, those cops aren't here to create disorder,
they're here to preserve disorder....

@_date: 2004-09-06 11:26:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Vote for nobody 
I think the US state of Nevada has "None of the above" as an option,
though I'm not sure the implementation of it.
The Libertarian Party in the US always has NOTA as a candidate
in internal elections, and sometimes NOTA wins and the job
goes unfilled until either there's a new election with new candidates
or some executive committee appoints somebody.
NOTA's a bit different - there may be a large plurality of voters
who don't like the major candidates, even if they don't agree
on who else they want.  In a election where you're voting for a party,
like most parliamentary governments use, voting NOTA is telling the parties
to run different candidates, so for instance you might want
the Labour Party to win but you don't like Tony Blair so you vote NOTA
in his home district.  In candidate-based elections,
you're telling the individual candidates that you don't like them.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-09-06 12:53:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Remailers an unsolvable paradox? 
There are several different types of problem messages,
and some are easier to avoid than others.
- Spam
- Harassing messages sent to remailer users
- Harassing messages sent to mundanes to annoy the mundane
- Harassing messages sent to mundanes to get the remailer in trouble
- Harassing messages sent to third-parties (e.g. sending Bob slander about - Forged messages
- Usenet flamebait
Two of the things I never built back when I was running a remailer
could have helped this problem
- Encrypted-sending only.  Sure, you want to only accept encrypted messages
         to preserve privacy, but if you require outgoing messages
         to be encrypted, you not only protect privacy,
         you eliminate most of the spam, except for spam that's sent to
         people with easily-located public keys.
         Sadly, that's a small set of people, but it's also
         tougher for harvester programs, and it's a set of people
         less likely to buy from spammers.
         This also significantly reduces harassment potential.
         Most crypto users are more likely to understand remailers,
         or at least to read the "this is a remailer" headers.
         It's possible for harassers to work around this,
         if you're verifying encryption just by syntax, but it's a good start:
                 ----- BEGIN PGP ENCRYPTED STUFF
                 Alice - your mother was a hamster and your father
                 smells of elderberries.   And your hovercraft is full of eels. Bob
                 ----- END PGP ENCRYPTED STUFF ---
- Recipient permission for outbound remailers - have the remailer
         ask for permission before sending somebody mail,
         and optionally store addresses (or hashes of addresses)
         of people who want to accept remailed messages in the future
         (obviously including other remailers in that list.)
         So instead of sending the message directly, you send
                 "Subject: You've received an anonymous message                  You've received an anonymous message at (foo-remailer)
                 It may be from someone you know, or may be a forgery or spam
                 (explain remailers blah blah blah)
                 If you'd like to pick up the message, reply to this message.
                 If you don't want it, just ignore this message.
                 If you'd like us to never bother you again, reply with                  in the future, reply with Subject: SUBSCRIBE
                 (and/or provide web URL interfaces for these functions.)
         Even if the remailed mail is spam or harassment, it starts out with
         getting permission from the recipient and building a positive          and some understanding of what's going on.  It also means that if
         somebody who doesn't care about remailers gets spam or harassing mail,
         they don't have to get it more than once.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-09-08 00:40:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spam Spotlight on Reputation 
It's not a hard problem, just a different problem.
Whitelisting your friends and aggressively filtering strangers
is an obvious technique for reducing false positives
without increasing false negatives,
but it fails if spammers can forge identities of your friends.
RMX-derivatives help this problem, and they help the joe-job problem.
If a spammer wants to claim that they're the genuine spammers-are-us.biz,
well, let them.
I find it more annoying that there are spammers putting PGP headers
in their messages, knowing that most people who use PGP assume PGP-signed mail
is from somebody genuine and whitelist it.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-09-08 12:44:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Savvis dropping major spammers (cypherpunk sighting.) 
John Young and John Gilmore aren't the only cypherpunks
in the news lately.  J. Alif Terranson was in a BBC article
about getting the company to agree to drop the
hundred or so major spammers who've been using their network.
Some of them are former C&W customers, some are new,
and they've been estimated to be about $2M/month business for Savvis,
so this is a non-trivial step for Savvis.
On the other hand, Savvis risked getting its whole network blacklisted
by the major spam anti-spam groups if it didn't do something.
We'll see if they follow through.

@_date: 2004-09-10 22:54:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec 
I read the draft, and I don't see how it offers any improvement
over draft-ietf-ipsec-internet-key-00.txt or Gilmore's proposal touse "open secret" as a not-very-secret pre-shared secret
that anybody who wants to can accept.
It does introduce some lower-horsepower alternatives for
authenticating less than the entire packet, and suggests
using AH which I thought was getting rather deprecated these days,
but another way to reduce horsepower needs is to use AES instead of 3DES.
Also, the author's document discusses protecting BGP to prevent
some of the recent denial-of-service attacks,
and asks for confirmation about the assertion in a message
on the IPSEC mailing list suggesting
    "E.g., it is not feasible for BGP routers to be configured with the
    appropriate certificate authorities of hundreds of thousands of peers".
Routers typically use BGP to peer with a small number of partners,
though some big ISP gateway routers might peer with a few hundred.
(A typical enterprise router would have 2-3 peers if it does BGP.)
If a router wants to learn full internet routes from its peers,
it might learn 1-200,000, but that's not the number of direct connections
that it has - it's information it learns using those connections.
And the peers don't have to be configured "rapidly without external assistance" -
you typically set up the peering link when you're setting up the
connection between an ISP and a customer or a pair of ISPs,
and if you want to use a CA mechanism to certify X.509 certs,
you can set up that information at the same time.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-09-11 20:52:29
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: BrinCity 2.0: Mayor outlines elaborate camera network for   
No, this is from the "what happens if the public *isn't* leading
the video-camera revolution" sections of Brin's books...

@_date: 2004-09-12 12:38:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Forest Fire" responsible for a 2.5mi *mushroom cloud*? 
When the Israeli / South African nuke test was done,
they didn't talk about it, they pretended it hadn't happened,
and the US government, at least publicly, has continued to
pretend that we don't know that Israel has weapons of Mass Destruction.

@_date: 2004-09-12 22:40:22
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Forest Fire" responsible for a 2.5mi *mushroom cloud*? 
> That of course brings us full circle: how many fuels can produce a blast
 > which results in a 2+ mile mushroom?  That's a *lot* of explosive force.
Blast sets off the forest fire, fire makes the smoke.  Not a problem.
Go visit Northern California in late summer firestorm season
(though we don't need fertilizer plants to start fires;
smaller accidents or stupid people can do the job just fine.)
No FO, just AN all by itself.  NH4NO3 turns into N2 + 2H2O + O,
and the leftover O finds something productive to do,
like combine with another O into O2, or burn some nearby carbon,
and it's hot enough the H2O is gaseous also.
If you've got FO, it'll happily combine with the spare O,
producing lots of heat and speeding up the reaction.
The first earthquake-like event I experienced was when a
chemical plant across the river from where I lived blew up;
I think it was a fertilizer plant of some sort.
(I was in Delaware; the plant was in New Jersey, and it was ~1968.)
Fertilizer plants blow up real good; about the only thing better
are ammunition depots and maybe explosives plants,
and usually those are built to contain the explosion better.
(By the way, most people think of the Parthenon as an ancient ruin;
it was actually in very good shape, roof and all, until ~1850,
when the Greeks were using it as an ammunition depot during
one of their wars with the Turks and the Turks blew it up.)
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-09-13 18:02:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Forest Fire" responsible for a 2.5mi *mushroom cloud*? 
The news says that North Korea's government says they were
blowing the top off a mountain as part of hydroelectric construction.
They don't quote any unnamed officials saying "Whoops"...

@_date: 2004-09-14 09:40:33
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Nanometer Bamboo Carbon TEMPEST Protection 
Hey, you cultural imperialist!
Western domination of the Tinfoil Hat market has got to stop!
Traditional Chinese materials can be equally effective and
aesthetically superior.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-09-16 15:32:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec 
The interesting attacks were a sequence-number guessing attack
using forged TCP RST packets, which tell the TCP session to tear down,
therefore dropping the BGP connection (typically between two ISPs).
The attackers didn't need to be trusted backbone routers -
they could be randoms anywhere on the Internet.
BGP authentication doesn't actually help this problem,
because the attack simply kills the connection at a TCP layer
rather than lying to the BGP application.
A simple way to avoid most of this problem is to
filter packets at the edges so that customer connections
can't send IP (or ICMP, while you're at it) packets
to the core addresses on the routers that do the BGP signalling.
(It's not a complete solution, because both ends of the connection
need to so that, or need to do spoof-proofing so nobody can forge packets
from those addresses, or both.)  Customers can still send packets
to the ISP edge routers supporting their own connections,
but killing your own internet connection is much less entertaining
than killing somebody else's, and if the customer is managing their own router,
their users probably have an easier time killing that end of the connection
than convincing the ISP's end to drop the connection.
(One downside to this approach is that customers can't simply ping routers
to get information about paths, latencies, capacities, etc.,
but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  Also, you can set things up
so they can traceroute to the far end of a connection and still get
traceroute responses from the intermediate routers.)
I agree with Joe.  You can fix most of the problems using ACLs,
but IPSEC does have some appeal to it.
You don't even need CAs - pre-shared secrets are perfectly adequate,
but if you want to use a CA-based IPSEC implementation for convenience,
you can agree on what CA to use when you're agreeing on other parameters.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-09-17 10:18:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: potential new IETF WG on anonymous IPSec 
Oh - I'd misunderstood.  Yes, that sounds much harder to forge,
so it's actually useful for DOS reduction.
There are two reasons to use the CA.
One is if the parties don't know each other (not a problem here),
but the other is so the VPN receiver has some external validation
on the data it receives, making MITM attacks harder.
For applications like BGP, you don't care if the CA is
Dun & Bradstreet or if it's just Alice's own CA,
because it's really functioning as a shared secret
but the commodity VPN hardware wants an X.509 cert
for MITM protection.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2004-09-27 17:53:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Mystification of Identity: You Say Yusuf, I Say Youssouf... 
Of course it doesn't.   However, if there are known potential hijackers
who travel under their True Names or Known Aliases,
and if there's a list of them that can be checked against,
knowing the name you're using can validate whether you might be one of them,
and preventing you from flying means you can't carry out your
Clever New Hijacking Plan, such as converting that small guitar
into a set of six piano-wire garrotes or mixing that
liquid oxygen shoe sole with rum to form an explosive,
and it prevents you from using previously undetected explosives
in your luggage or whatever.
There are several reasons you might divert a plane in this environment -
- to spank the airline for not being careful enough
         about checking the list, independent of any hijacking risk.
- to cover the ass of the person who put the wrong spelling on the list,
         even though the US Enemies Airline Blacklist supposedly has
         the passport numbers of Official US Enemies and therefore should
         have been able to get the spelling from Yousouff's UK passport.
- to prevent a potential hijacker from hijacking the plane during the
         descent phase of the flight, in case they're planning to
         crash it into Washington instead of London, or to reduce the time
         that the plane is in the air, in case there's a timed-release bomb
         in the luggage.  (Ideally you'd like to prevent them and their
         luggage from getting on at all, but it was too late for that,
         and if there's a pressure-triggered luggage bomb you've already lost.)
- to maintain the pretense that the people on the list are
         potential hijackers or airplane suicide bombers,
         as opposed to people who might sing politically inconvenient music
         or give talks that encourage other potential US Enemies
         or give the money to hire other people to do the dangerous bits.
- to be extremely conservatively overcautious because you've
         discovered that you mistakenly let someone on the plane
         and the version of the Enemies List that you have access to
         doesn't indicate which people are actively dangerous passengers
         of the potential hijacker/bomber type,
         as opposed to political Enemies who you could arrange to
         harass at Customs after they've arrived,
         and you don't have the time to find out why they're there
         before landing (hey, it took Teddy Kennedy three tries),
         so you throw the Better Safe Than Sorry dice and decide
         you can spin the PR Fearmongering if you're oversensitive.
I'd guess that the working-level decision was the latter conservative though the decision-makers preferred to think of it as the third case.
Conservatism is easier when _you're_ not going to have to
pay for the extra airplane costs or deal with the other passengers who
miss their airline connections because you stuck them in Bangor,
which are somebody else's problem.
The entertaining questions are when they figured out that he was
the well-known Cat Stevens and not just the generic-Moslem-sounding Mr. Islam,
and whether there are pre-defined policies about landing them in Bangor
when they ostensibly had enough advance notice to land them in
Newfoundland or Labrador instead, which aren't US territory.

@_date: 2004-09-28 01:50:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: John Abizaid needs termination 
Isn't he the guy who keeps sending emails about his corrupt Nigerian uncle's
poor widow who needs to smuggle $18B in unspent funds out of Iraq
and wants your bank account number so you can help?
(OK, no.   has his bio and pointers
that look like they're supposed to be his writings,
except there are broken html links to apaam.org,
the Association of Patriotic Arab Americans in the Military or something.)
He's apparently campaigning for the position of military governor of Iraq.
At least he does speak Arabic.

@_date: 2004-09-28 15:06:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: How to fuck with airports - a 1 step guide for (Redmond)    
I've heard some people say that there was a different problem
that was causing them to need to reboot about that often,
having to do with the applications rather than the core OS,
but I don't know enough of the details to be sure.
Either way, if they knew the system was going to crash every 49.7 days,
and they had a process to have a technician reboot it every 30 days,
and the technician shuts it down during quiet nighttime hours,
that guarantees that the 49.7 day crash will be at a _bad_ time of day.
They could at _least_ have done a workaround that tells the system
to shut itself down at 2am on Day 45, after giving the operators a
warning about "Hey, I need to shut myself down for an hour for maintenance
some time in the next 4 days, is now a good time?  Yes/No/Wait-5-min/Wait-1-hour"
Disclaimer: I worked on the FAA's AAS debacle in the 80s
(fortunately not on the unlucky "winning" contractor's team),
and a number of my coworkers worked on VSCS projects -
not sure if they won that round, or who their partners were.

@_date: 2004-09-29 11:40:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: More Convenient Use of Electronic Gold Payments 
I've used E-Gold in the past, and found that the hardest part
of the process is buying the stuff to put in your account -
setting up an account and paying people with it are both easy,
but to buy the gold, you need to find some way to give somebody
some other kind of money so they'll give you electronic gold.
If you want $10000 worth, or want to transfer physical gold,
it's not hard, but if you just want small quantities it was annoying.
Jim Davidson's article talked about E-Gold and other currencies,
and almost all of them operate under a model in which
the gold service transfers gold credits between accounts,
but buying the gold credits with other types of money
is handled by third-party retailers, and almost none of the retailers
will accept credit cards or Paypal without long delays,
though they'll happily accept other gold currencies.
There's now a much more convenient way to buy online gold - goldage.net.
To pay them cash, you do an online form, then go to a bank they use,
and fill out a deposit slip with their account number from the form,
and hand the bank your cash, and then do another form to say you did it.
They use banks in USA, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines,
Singapore and South Africa.  Their US banks include
Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and three or four others.
You don't need to set up an account with them - they mostly do
transactional business, though their fees are a bit lower
if you're a large frequent customer.
The gold currency payment isn't instant - it can take a couple
of days for Goldage to see that the deposit was made.
They seem to be a small operation, so they're very responsive to email.
A couple of months ago, I wanted to pay for some services
using an online gold currency, and the merchant
accepts E-gold, Pecunix, and several other gold currencies.
I didn't want to use E-Gold itself, because there are too many
spammers phishing for people's e-gold account information
the way they do for credit cards, and I didn't want to have
to miss any _real_ email from them mixed in with the spam.
Pecunix was one of the gold currencies that my merchant's
online payment system Goldcart accepted, and they were easy to use.
So I did the online form at Goldage, deposited the cash at the bank,
checked Pecunix a couple of days later, and paid the merchant.
I think the total fees were about $6-7 between the different
service providers, mostly the $5 minimum fee at Goldage,
and I may have a buck or two of round-off-error money sitting in Pecunix,
but the percentage costs would be lower if I were using it more frequently
rather than a one-shot transaction.
It worked very well, and was much simpler than a few years ago.

@_date: 2005-04-05 15:15:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Google prioritises results for firefox and mozilla users 
Firefox / Mozilla has a prefetching feature
that you can turn on and off,
which can occasionally speed up your next click by prefetching,
so the page(s) you're most likely to read next are
loading in the background while you're reading the page you're on.
What Google's doing is including information in their results pages
that Firefox recognizes as the page to pre-fetch next.
This means that if Google's highest-ranked page is what you want,
then you can get to it faster.
Prefetching can make web browsing dramatically faster or slower.
I tend to read online news by loading lots of tabs in the background,
e.g. the interesting articles from Google New or NYTimes.com.
That tends to be somewhat slow already, because Mozilla is a real
memory hog, and prefetching would just make it worse.
On the other hand, if it loads the *right* pages, it's really nice.

@_date: 2005-04-08 22:17:46
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: how email encryption should work 
I see a couple of problems with your proposal.
I'm not sure I like your external trusted mail-server assumptions,
but they're probably good enough for many people,
and other people will have better comments about them.
Your plan is really designed for a small number of addresses per sender,
as opposed to a quasi-infinite set of tagged addresses.
It's becoming pretty common for anti-spam reasons
to give different recipients different mail addresses like
         tag at mydomain.com (or tag at mysubdomain.domain.com) or
         myname+tag at domain.com
so you can track and whitelist/blacklist people you communicate with,
and some ISPs automagically translate between the two formats.
Building a user interface that does that unobtrusively
is probably a hard problem, or at least not a well-solved one,
and building a cryptosystem that assumes a small number of
addresses per user could make that style of mailer harder.
A good user interface probably has some version of petname support,
though, so there's some commonality with key handling.
On the other hand, if you assume that most people will get domains,
whether 2LD or 3LD or other subdomain,
you could do a model that says that a user gets one key per domain,
so you could think about hanging the keys off DNS.
That may not be the right choice (do you want your email addresses
to be easily correlated, and cracking/stealing one address's key
to reveal the keys you use for everybody else?  Or does the domain
pretty much imply that to the skilled recipient anyway so who cares?)
And of course it gets into the whole squabble about DNSSEC,
and why its deployment failed, and whether it was trying to do
a perfect job and therefore less scalable than a mostly-good-enough job,
or at least into the politics of those questions if not the technology.
The related problem is what to do if you *do* want different keys
for different recipients; you could do that with different subdomains,
or you could do a non-DNS approach.
- Is (sender+recipient+timestamp+message) the right thing to sign?
The Subject: line is in the mail headers, but it's probably
something that should be part of the message.
I'm not sure about some various X-headers.
And of course the From: line includes both the email address
and the sender's name, and the sender's name may be different
for different recipients (in some sense, it may be the
recipient's petname for the sender.)
- Also, if you're attaching a key strictly to the email address,
what happens to old signatures if you move email addresses?
I suppose that's part of the point of getting your own domain name,
so you can avoid having to change contact addresses when you change ISPs,
but if you're using a new email address, how do you forward the signature?
One option is to do what you can do in Crypto Kong,
where you send a message from old-address signed by old-address,
saying that you'll be using new address and new key,
but that seems a bit awkward, since you need a convenient way to
include the new keys for people who whitelist you or who you
only want to send encrypted mail to.
         Thanks; Bill Stewart

@_date: 2005-04-10 20:21:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: how email encryption should work 
(Sorry if this is a duplicate and I'm only greylisted or something.
Stupid hotel proxy servers....)
I see a couple of problems with your proposal.
I'm not sure I like your external trusted mail-server assumptions,
but they're probably good enough for many people,
and other people will have better comments about them.
Your plan is really designed for a small number of addresses per sender,
as opposed to a quasi-infinite set of tagged addresses.
It's becoming pretty common for anti-spam reasons
to give different recipients different mail addresses like
         tag at mydomain.com (or tag at mysubdomain.domain.com) or
         myname+tag at domain.com
so you can track and whitelist/blacklist people you communicate with,
and some ISPs automagically translate between the two formats.
Building a user interface that does that unobtrusively
is probably a hard problem, or at least not a well-solved one,
and building a cryptosystem that assumes a small number of
addresses per user could make that style of mailer harder.
A good user interface probably has some version of petname support,
though, so there's some commonality with key handling.
On the other hand, if you assume that most people will get domains,
whether 2LD or 3LD or other subdomain,
you could do a model that says that a user gets one key per domain,
so you could think about hanging the keys off DNS.
That may not be the right choice (do you want your email addresses
to be easily correlated, and cracking/stealing one address's key
to reveal the keys you use for everybody else?  Or does the domain
pretty much imply that to the skilled recipient anyway so who cares?)
And of course it gets into the whole squabble about DNSSEC,
and why its deployment failed, and whether it was trying to do
a perfect job and therefore less scalable than a mostly-good-enough job,
or at least into the politics of those questions if not the technology.
The related problem is what to do if you *do* want different keys
for different recipients; you could do that with different subdomains,
or you could do a non-DNS approach.
- Is (sender+recipient+timestamp+message) the right thing to sign?
The Subject: line is in the mail headers, but it's probably
something that should be part of the message.
I'm not sure about some various X-headers.
And of course the From: line includes both the email address
and the sender's name, and the sender's name may be different
for different recipients (in some sense, it may be the
recipient's petname for the sender.)
- Also, if you're attaching a key strictly to the email address,
what happens to old signatures if you move email addresses?
I suppose that's part of the point of getting your own domain name,
so you can avoid having to change contact addresses when you change ISPs,
but if you're using a new email address, how do you forward the signature?
One option is to do what you can do in Crypto Kong,
where you send a message from old-address signed by old-address,
saying that you'll be using new address and new key,
but that seems a bit awkward, since you need a convenient way to
include the new keys for people who whitelist you or who you
only want to send encrypted mail to.
         Thanks; Bill Stewart

@_date: 2005-04-22 16:08:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: WebMoney 
Any online payment service that has a convenient mechanism for
Americans to add funds has at least one new potential market -
cigarettes by mail from low-tax jurisdictions such as Indian reservations.
The Feds recently bullied the credit card companies into
not accepting payments for cigarettes (probably affects
Paypal indirectly as well), so all of a sudden there's a
market for something beyond the privacy services.
Of course, the kinds of people who smoke cigarettes are
not necessarily the kinds of people who are good at
exploring privacy-protection services intelligently (:-),
but a couple hundred bucks a month to avoid nicotine fits
can be enough motivation for some people.
If you can believe wmtransfer's statistics,
they're probably getting a few thousands of dollars a day
on their deposit/withdrawal fees,
(if the transactions are denominated in rubles)
or a few tens of thousands if they're in dollars/euros.
That would imply that a cigarette company would probably be safe
risking a couple of days' float using their payment system,
because it's almost always worth more money to the payment company
to stay in business than to rip off all of their accounts payable and fold.
(Probably not worth risking a month's float, especially if the
payment system were connected to the US Russian Mafia,
who could coordinate ordering a large quantity of cigarettes
for resale with absconding with the payments,
but a couple of days should be safe enough.)
It's certainly worthwhile for cigarette companies to
deal with most of the more reputable online e-money companies.
The one I'd actually be most worried about is e-gold -
they're probably the biggest of them, and one of the most convenient,
but the phishers aggressively go for their customers,
and they don't do enough digital authentication
for Joe Average Smoker to know if he's being phished.
They could probably fix that, but of course any other
company that made a significant dent in cigarette sales
would also become a phishing target as well.

@_date: 2005-04-22 16:20:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: WebMoney 
Last time I wanted to use an online gold system,
I used pecunix as the currency and goldage.net
as the payment handler.  That was partly because of the
fees for the size of transactions I was doing
(for small transactions, the minimum fee is more important
than the percentage), but partly for convenience -
one way to pay Goldage in the US is to go to a bank
where they have an account and make a deposit -
Wells Fargo is one of their more widespread banks.
Credit cards are of course much more than a security issue -
chargebacks are a major problem for a vendor who's
shipping out gold credits immediately, especially if they're
anonymous accounts which can transfer anonymously.

@_date: 2005-04-23 14:40:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: WebMoney 
Yes, of course :-)  Writing a check would have been silly,
and Goldage.net doesn't accept them for bank deposits,
only for direct mailin.  (They do accept bank wires,
but not EFTs or Paypal.)
I suppose I probably did use the ATM
outside the bank to get the cash I carried in to deposit,
but there were a dozen people in the bank line
and this wasn't a really high-security transaction.
Goldage, which I used to buy the pecunix,
doesn't use accounts, but they do need an email address
for handling each transaction.  For larger customers
who handle a lot of volume, they can provide some
frequent-customer information so you can get better rates and speed,
but it's still not an account that stores value.
I don't remember if I used the same account for the
goldage and pecunix parts of the transaction,
or if I used disposable accounts for one or both.

@_date: 2005-04-27 16:04:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Email Certification? 
I'm still having trouble understanding your threat model.
If you're talking about somebody who can get Hotmail's cooperation,  e.g. cops or sysadmins,
there's no way you can prevent them from doing anything they want to your incoming mail.
If you're worried about crackers guessing your password,
then some web-based email systems automatically mark mail as read,
some don't, some let you mark it, some let you remark it as unread.
(I haven't ever used hotmail, and my cat stopped using it when the
Child Online Protection Act required Hotmail to cancel accounts
for anybody under 13 years old who didn't have parental permission,
so the interface has probably changed since I last saw it.)
Are you worried specifically about Hotmail?
You're mentioning using gmail to pre-filter your hotmail messages -
gmail's going to have similar potential threats,
except that it's probably better managed,
and if you're going to send the mail to gmail anyway,
why not just read it on gmail?
In general, if you've sent unencrypted email to an untrusted system,
then you've got no way of knowing that it hasn't been read.

@_date: 2005-08-22 21:27:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: GPS Jammer Firm nearly ejected from Russian air show. 
Monday, August 22, 2005. Issue 3235. Page 1.
Irksome Firm Nearly Ejected From Air Show
By Lyuba Pronina
Staff Writer
Ivan Sekretarev / AP
Spectators watching the Patrouille de France aerobatic team perform during the MAKS air show at the Zhukovsky airfield outside Moscow on Saturday.
ZHUKOVSKY, Moscow Region -- The jamming equipment made by Aviakonversia is so effective against U.S. planes and missiles that it apparently provoked an angry phone call to the Kremlin from U.S. President George W. Bush in the first days of the Iraq war.
Russian officials do not seem to have forgotten the scandal and on Friday tried to shut down the company's stand at the Seventh Moscow Aviation and Space Show, MAKS 2005, said Aviakonversia director Oleg Antonov.
Perhaps the company's presence was simply too embarrassing, considering that the U.S. Air Force occupied a prominent place on the tarmac, displaying a B-1B bomber, F-15 and F-16 fighters, and two bulbous tanker planes used in mid-air refueling.
Three representatives of the Federal Industry Agency and the Federal Service for Technical and Export Control, which oversees the export of defense technology, unsuccessfully attempted to close the stand on the grounds that Aviakonversia had not received clearance from the Defense Ministry to showcase its product, Antonov said.
The government representatives, concealing their ID badges, did not allow this reporter to be present during their conversation with Antonov.
"They demanded we pack up, but we have the right to be here -- we paid the rent for this stall," Antonov said after the meeting. "We have made the product using our own money and do not need the approval from the Defense Ministry, a grocery director or a banya director."
The Federal Industry Agency was unavailable for comment over the weekend.
Aviakonversia, which makes devices that jam the global positioning systems used in navigation, caused a storm of protest from Washington in the early days of the Iraq war in March 2003.
Antonov, who for 24 years worked in the State Research Institute of Aviation Systems developing defense systems for planes, founded Aviakonversia with a dozen staffers in 1992.
The company developed jammers that interfere with GPS signals and were apparently used by Iraqi forces during the U.S.-led invasion.
The Bush administration charged that Aviakonversia personnel were on the ground instructing Iraqi forces how to use and maintain the equipment, The Washington Post reported at the time.
"Our GPS jammer puts all U.S. high-precision weapons out of order," Antonov said. "They have turned billions of dollars that the U.S. government has spent into dust."
Antonov denied that his company delivered any equipment directly to Saddam Hussein but acknowledged it might have reached Iraq via arms dealers.
"Right before the war, there were a lot of people in Moscow with suitcases full of money shopping for anything that could deter U.S. troops," Antonov Aviakonversia now manufactures its gear outside Russia so as not to irritate the authorities, he said, though he declined to specify where. He also refused to identify his clients, saying only that they were foreign governments that acquired the jammers through middlemen.
The German peacekeeping contingent in Afghanistan recently sent Aviakonversia a letter thanking it for the jammers, which it deployed to interfere with GPS receivers used by Taliban fighters, Antonov said.
After Aviakonversia first displayed its wares at MAKS 1997, the Pentagon acquired a few dozen jammers, Antonov said.
"Then they went quiet."
A hubbub ensued, however, in the first days of hostilities, when U.S. forces had difficulty in honing in on their targets. Bush reportedly picked up the phone to voice concern to President Vladimir Putin that Iraqi forces were using Russian-made night-vision goggles, GPS jammers and anti-tank Antonov lamented that his company did not reap more praise back home.
A representative of state-owned Phazotron-NIIR, the maker of radars for fighter jets, also said Friday that their stand had been rigorously inspected by the export control service.
Some weapons systems -- such as the S-400 air defense system -- were not even displayed at MAKS, despite previous advertisements.
The main innovation on display at MAKS was the MiG-29OVT with all-axis thrust vector-controlled engines that allow for greater maneuverability at low speeds.
Irkut Corp. demonstrated its innovative unmanned aerial vehicles for civilian use, with the Emergency Situations Ministry likely to be its first

@_date: 2005-08-23 18:12:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [declan@well.com: [Politech] Montana Supreme Court justice  
SA.NET>
Meth is not fundamentally that different from Sudafed,
and the nasty chemical processes of extracting the sugar coating
and filler material and moving around a couple of methyl and hydroxy groups
and disposing of the bodies of the people you thought were ratting you out
to the police and the space alien biker gangs could all be avoided
if you could make it legally at a big pharma company.
Before the War on Drugs started helping us by making Sudafed hard to get,
the generic pills tended to be on sale for about ten cents per 30mg dose.
If I'm reading Erowid correctly, and guessing the kinds of quantities
a tweaker might use if it were readily available and nearly free,
a buck or two a day would cover all the meth you could use,
and you could easily make that much at a minimum-wage job in the
extra hours you've got that you used to waste sleeping,
and you wouldn't have to resort to crime unless it seemed like more fun.
Also, you could use somewhat calmer amphetamine relatives instead of meth;
can't be *that* much nastier than tobacco, and much of the cost of
legal pharmaceutical amphetamines today is the DEA paperwork.
Opiates are another drug for which crime would be unnecessary
if the stuff were legal.  The last time I got codeine for dental work,
I think I spent about $5 for 20-30 pills.   That's enough for a day of
Rush-Limbaugh-quantity abuse, and enough for a couple of days' worth
of withdrawal-prevention for an average addict,
and stronger opiates are similar in cost; opiate addiction
doesn't need to be as expensive as tobacco addiction.
By the way, if you've watched the TV medical drama "House",
the star is an acerbic doctor who's addicted to Vicodin,
as an after-effect of leg injury, and it's interesting to see the
wall of political correctness cracking a bit.

@_date: 2005-08-27 22:46:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Perhaps the real reason why Chavez is being targeted? 
While the US certainly has been interfering with Chavez
and generally trying to mess around in Venezuela for a while,
most of what's happening here is just that
Chavez is running off at the mouth for domestic political reasons.
(Pat Robertson was partly doing that also and partly just babbling.)
Chavez is a leftist military strongman type, which in Latin America
means he doesn't have a bleeding clue about economic reality,
but has made enough good speeches about bread and circuses
to get elected and stay in office for a few years,
especially if he can avoid trashing oil production
as badly as his corrupt predecessors did
(not that he hasn't been trying to mess that up too.)
The business about shipping oil to Jamaica is interesting;
he'd previously been talking about selling cheap gasoline
to poor US communities, which was high-grade political bullshit
that he had no mechanism for implementing, and quite amusing.
But fundamentally the US government's problem is that he's a leftist
who hangs out with Castro and has oil and likes to do
"land reform" and nationalize oil companies,
which is not the kind of thing that right-wing industrialists like.
Ref:

@_date: 2005-12-07 19:39:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Clips] US on the scent of terror money in Pakistan 
>  >  US on the scent of terror money in Pakistan
The US government can't find where the billions of dollars
they gave to Halliburton and other contractors in Iraq went -
hundreds of millions at a pop appear to have vanished on handshakes,
and there's been no serious attempt at accounting.
But anybody supporting anybody accused of being
soft on terrorism, well, we can definitely trace their money.
They're saying this, but the examples they give appear to be targets
who are politically incorrect from the standpoint of the
Pakistani Army, not just the US (though it's a bit hard to tell the
players without a program.)
That's the sort of thing that the Bush Administration asserts is perfectly ok,
though it'd be illegal if they did it in the US, at least if they got
caught doing it to white people without having drugs as an excuse.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2005-12-16 04:41:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [IP] more on Bush Lets U.S. Spy on Callers Without Courts 
Neil Munro missed the basic trick that the Bush Administration has
done here.
Because of extensive previous abuse, Congress banned the NSA and CIA
spying on Americans - they're limited to spying on foreigners,
while the FBI and other law enforcement agencies are the only ones
who can normally spy on Americans and are subject to Constitutional
like getting warrants for specific searches.
The Patriot Act and CALEA let the FBI expand their powers significantly,
with tools such as roving wiretaps,
but there's still some semblance of court supervision.
To accommodate problems like foreign spies talking to Americans,
the FISA courts are a court system that operates in secrecy and
can issue warrants based on classified information,
which allow the intelligence agencies to do specific kinds of spying
and wiretapping within the US.  In theory, this provides some kind of
independent Constitutional adult supervision; in practice it's a
rubber stamp,
and the only case in which they're publicly known to have refused a
was in the Wen Ho Lee witchhunt after it had become political.
What the Bush Administration has changed is get its lawyers to say that
the post-9/11 resolutions let them avoid even this level of supervision,
letting the NSA wiretap inside the US without any warrants at all,
and as far as I can tell from the NYT article, without notifying the
FISA courts after they've started to keep records and possibly be
to turn the wiretap back off if the court disagreed with them.
If this were simply a matter of speed, because half a day's delay in
getting a warrant approved would interfere with their work,
they could do that much - this is a major change in character.
It's shameful that the New York Times sat on the story for a year -
and if this were a legitimate activity, the Bush Administration wouldn't
have pressured them into suppressing it that long.
In separate news,  ,
NBC reports that the Defense Department is back to spying on Americans,
specifically anti-war groups and campaigns against military recruiting,
especially suspicious groups associating with Quakers.
They got busted for this back during the Vietnam war,
and were supposed to have stopped,
but they're doing it again in ways that appear to be
violating the rules for data collection that were imposed on them
and are clearly inappropriate in a free society.
And the EU just voted to impose extensive data collection and retention
requirements on ISPs and telcos, in ways that negate many previous
European data privacy laws, as yet another reminder that
when civil rights are protected by laws, that's only good until
the laws are changed or the government starts disobeying them.
It's time to get PGP working again  (originally written for
anti-nuclear groups who were being surveilled),
give some more money to the EFF, get back to Quaker Meeting,
and find ways to replace an Administration that thinks the
Constitution is "just a goddamned piece of paper."
Do please read the 42nd paragraph of the NYT story;
".....law enforcement and intelligence officials are still required to
seek a F.I.S.A. warrant every time they want to eavesdrop within the
United States. A recent agreement reached by Republican leaders and the
Bush administration would modify the standard for F.B.I. wiretap
warrants, requiring, for instance, a description of a specific target.
Critics say the bar would remain too low to prevent abuses."
So, as far as I can see, what's being targeted are international calls
to or from known foreign terrorists (that are not yet covered by US
civil rights laws) that mention, begin or end at U.S. persons.
The CIA/FBI intelligence-take would drop if they had to get a judge's
approval every time an AL-Q guy called up a new number for a brief phone
call in the US. If this was the norm, then traditional eavesdropping on
Atta would have been very unlikely, as he would have been able to use
different street phones every time he called home. If voters want to
accept that trade-off, Congress will give it to them.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-20 06:51:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: LA Times on NYT spying story 
Hi, Brock, Dave - the URL lost a hyphen when it got folded;
the two halves are:
Meanwhile, not only is this yet another reminder of the
fallacy of the right-wing rants about liberal press bias,
but President Bush has been asserting that he's told
Congress a dozen times that he's doing this,
and none of the Congresscritters who were informed
have seen fit to tell the public either,
so the President and NYTimes have a lot of
unindicted co-conspirators.
Another LA Times story
reports that the main difference between Bush's authorization
and the powers already granted under the 1978 FISA laws
is that FISA has the Constitutional requirement for
a court to find "probable cause" for issuing warrants,
while Bush's order allows an NSA shift supervisor
to decide there's "a reasonable basis" for wiretapping,
even if there's not enough evidence for a FISC rubber stamp.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-02-10 17:31:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Desire safety on Net? (n) code has the solution 
Well, sometimes they're both munitions,
but sometimes they're both bullshit.
I have no reason to assume they're not producing a quality product,
but it's certainly a field where independent verification is necessary.

@_date: 2005-02-26 15:12:08
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anguilla on $1000 a day - NYTimes 
The NYT updates us on a favorite cryptographers' hideout....
February 27, 2005
HIGH LOW
High: Anguilla on $1000 a Day
By JULIET MACUR
N hour after arriving on Anguilla in early January, I was soaking in the
hot tub at an exclusive resort, sunglasses on, eyes closed, sun warming my
pasty Northeastern face.
Ah, Anguilla, a quiet island that has recently become "the next St.
Barts," a hedonistic hideaway and magnet for members of the boldface set.
At the northeast corner of this narrow isle, Jennifer Aniston and Brad
Pitt spent New Year's in a villa on Captain's Bay. On its southwestern
coast, Jay-Z and Beyonci had cuddled on the sands of Shoal Bay West. Down
the beach from my resort, Uma Thurman had kicked back at a local bar.
Just as I began to imagine that I, too, was a star on an
escape-the-paparazzi trip, reality interrupted. A foreign object crashed
into my hot tub and sent water slapping against my face. A small boy and
his father were throwing a ball wildly.
The father's next toss bounced off the boy's head and against a woman's
forehead. The father laughed. The woman smiled. I growled and thought,
"This doesn't happen to Jennifer Aniston."
I left in a huff because I had no time for distractions. This was serious
business: I had to figure out how to get by on $1,000 a day.
Related Feature
Low: Anguilla on $250 a Day
Though Anguilla is a relatively undeveloped island where goats might
outnumber residents, $1,000 a day at a chic resort amounts to roughing it.
At the Cap Juluca resort, the cheapest room in high season cost $936 a
night, including the 20 percent tax. Malliouhana Hotel offered a garden
view room on the first floor for $744.
If my best friend, Rose, and I were to eat, drink and even think of going
to the spa on my $1,000-a-day budget, the only high-end resort I could
afford was the CuisinArt Resort and Spa, which sits near the island's
southwestern end on Rendezvous Bay's beach, one and a half miles of
flour-soft sand, blindingly white.
The turquoise ocean water was as clear as Evian, and you could see fish
near the sea floor. The cheapest rate, $550 plus $110 tax - but including
Continental breakfast - would allow us to pretend we belonged at this
beautiful place.
The resort's grounds were simple and elegant. Eggplant-colored
bougainvillea climbed the whitewashed stucco buildings that looked as if
they had been plucked from a Greek cliff. In a nearby garden were trees
heavy with guavas, fig bananas and star apples.
As we looked from the lobby onto a series of rectangular pools cascading
to the beach, a receptionist said we had been upgraded from the main house
to a suite in one of the 10 three-story villas clustered along the shore.
"We hope you don't mind," she said, unaware that I was a journalist.
No, we didn't, and certainly not after seeing the room. The upgrade, to a
junior suite that would have cost $120 more a night, allowed us to hear
waves from our patio.
Our "suite" was a cheery, not fancy, single room, but at 920 square feet
was nearly as big as my Manhattan apartment. A navy couch broke up the
space into sleeping and lounging areas. Two double beds with wicker
headboards faced the porch and a walkway to the beach. Paintings of Greek
fishing villages and bright bedspreads splashed color against the white
walls and tile floors.
A brochure called the bathroom "your own private sanctum," large enough
for an oval tub for a honeymooning couple's bubble bath. But nothing was
that private, considering one wall was made of warped glass. While on the
outside walkway one day, I gasped when I saw a fuzzy version of Rose
heading for the shower.
At the resort's free reception on our first night (with food and drink),
the manager, Rabin Ortiz, told us, "Do not make plans for your weekend."
We quickly learned why. There are no plans to make because, on Anguilla,
there is basically nothing to do. And that's the point.
At CuisinArt, stay away from the main pool (where ball-tossing children
congregate). Instead, sit on the beach and take delivery of homemade lemon
sorbet from waiters whose goal is to fill you with fruity rum drinks.
After sundown, submit to spa treatments like the Anguillan coconut
pineapple scrub, which smells good enough to eat, and the hydroponic
cucumber and aloe wrap, using ingredients grown on the premises.
It was the perfect place for us: upscale, but not one bit snooty.
Night life is minimal. (At 10:30 on Saturday night, only one couple was at
our resort's bar, where a trio sang "Endless Love.") Sea kayaks,
sailboats, catamarans and tennis courts were available and mostly unused.
For casino or dance club action, it's a half-hour ferry ride to St.
Still, after too many games of boccie and gin rummy - or perhaps not
enough gin and rum - we searched for some fun. Down the beach was Dune
Preserve, a delightfully mellow bar inside a wooden shack owned by the
local reggae legend Bankie Banx. A CuisinArt bartender said that Uma had
been there the night before.
We followed the shoreline to get there. But then, as if the local gods
ordered punishment for all $1,000-a-day cheapskates, two stray dogs
charged us in the darkness. We couldn't see them, but they barked and
snapped like rabid Rottweilers, sending us running back to CuisinArt. So
much for Uma.
Cowards that we were, we rented a car the next day for $55 (including $20
for an Anguillan license) and that night drove 60 seconds to Dune
Preserve, only to realize we were too full for a drink. Because, on
Anguilla, what you do is eat - often.
Our gluttony had begun at Santorini, which, like CuisinArt's other
heavenly restaurant, Cafe Mediterraneo, uses food grown in the resort's
high-tech hydroponic garden or its old-school organic one. There, Rose and
I went to a class led by CuisinArt's executive chef, Daniel Orr, formerly
a chef at Guastavino's in New York City.
Neither of us is a great cook. (My fridge at home contains two bottles of
seltzer, nail polish and AA batteries.) But we are great eaters. We
stuffed ourselves with a tangy serving of stingray, a dizzyingly delicious
chocolate souffli and yellow lentil bisque so good we were tempted to lick
our bowls.
Afterward, I was shocked at the $75 charge, well over the advertised $55 I
had budgeted (it had just gone up). I next heard my whiny voice telling
the concierge:
"You don't understand. I cannot afford this extra $20."
The concierge rolled her eyes, but, hey, I needed $110 for the seaweed
scrub later.
That evening, we took a cab ($13 each way) to dinner at Blanchard's, a
top-notch restaurant in a quaint cottage. Most of the 23 tables were
arranged on the main floor, but we sat on a lower patio overlooking
fountains and gardens and the sea beyond. The only disappointments were
the rubbery lobster included in the $56 Caribbean Sampler and the waiters'
rushing us through the meal. Total for my dinner: $110.40.
Perhaps the management could sense that we were not the stars of our
imaginations. I asked the man at the bar if any real stars came in. He
reeled off names of those who had been there "just yesterday": Denzel
Washington. Johnny Damon. Liam Neeson and his wife, Natasha Richardson.
Courteney Cox Arquette. And, of course, Jennifer Aniston.
The next day, though it was dry season, it poured. So on that rainy Sunday
we rented a car and checked out Anguilla, which didn't take long. It is
only about 16 miles long and 3 miles wide. We found it pleasingly devoid
of cheesy T-shirt shops and fast-food joints but plentiful with
road-roaming goats and the smiling people who own them.
We lunched at Gorgeous Scilly Cay, a primitive restaurant on a tiny island
off the northeastern coast. With no electricity, it's open only from 11
a.m. to 5 p.m. To get there, you stand on a dock and hail a boatman.
Normally, patrons sun themselves there on lounge chairs between courses,
and get foot rubs from the restaurant's masseur, said the owner, Sandra
Wallace. But not on this rainy day. On the boat over with us, she wore a
garbage bag to stay dry; the masseur stayed home.
Still, a calypso band played upbeat music in the main house, which had
about a dozen tables and was open on all sides. Outside, there were
several palm-covered huts, each with a few plastic tables and chairs,
where I ordered the crayfish and chicken plate for $45, as sweet as their
rum punch was dangerous. My lunch, with tip, came to $74.
We found no famous people there, either - we were managing to repel them -
though we did hear that Sharon Stone had recently rented out the whole
island. And Jennifer Aniston (her again) had been there the week before.
That evening, I had my second treatment at the Venus Spa - a place without
much character or Zen - at CuisinArt. (In the thumbnail-size locker room,
I awkwardly rubbed elbows with someone's naked grandmother.) The Caribbean
warm stone massage ($115, plus $22 tip) was a step up from the seaweed
wrap of the day before - better called the seaweed chill.
That one began with me shivering in the treatment room. The masseuse said,
"If I told them once, I told them 20 times, this room is freezing."
Then she spread cold seaweed gook over my goose bumps. I groaned while she
mummified me with towels. Under those coverings, wrapped inside foil, I
felt like a hypothermia patient.
But relief came with the warm stone massage. As the smooth rocks rolled
over my muscles it felt oddly soothing, as if I were being seared by a
giant stick of roll-on deodorant. I felt so much at ease that later I
splurged on a smoothie for Rose, at $8.05 the only thing I could afford to
buy her all weekend.
When the sun came out on our last day, I passed the hot tub and saw that
same annoying family with their dreaded ball, this time being tossed
between two strollers. So I headed for the beach.
I bobbed around the water for a while, then moved my peaceful self to a
lounge chair. There I sipped on my own smoothie until it was time to get
back to the real world by way of the St. Martin airport.
At a terminal newsstand, I finally saw Jennifer Aniston - on a magazine
cover. How terrible - her Anguillan experience included suffering greater
than my seaweed chill - she and Brad had broken up.
"Hey lady!" the cashier yelled. "Did you see the sign? You can't read the
magazines until you buy them!"
What, she thought I looked rich? I had already spent my $2,000. So I
dropped the $3.95 magazine onto the shelf and walked away.
TWO-DAY TOTAL: $2,000.35
Visitor Information
Getting There
Several United States airlines run flights to Anguilla, but most operate
in connection with other carriers. Most flights go through San Juan, and
the cheapest fares (from about $646 round trip for late March) can require
an additional connection in St. Martin. If you fly into St. Martin (from
about $561 round trip), you can take a 20-minute ferry to Anguilla ($24
round trip plus $2.75 departure tax from St. Martin and $3 from Anguilla).
Ferries run every half hour from 7:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Where to Stay
Cap Juluca, (888) 858-5822,  is tucked away on the
secluded beach at Maunday's Bay, making it a favorite hideaway for
celebrities. Doubles start at $780 a night in the high season, from $445
in April, and $345 from May 1 through mid-November. (Add 20 percent in
taxes to all rates.)
Malliouhana Hotel and Spa, (264) 497-6111,  is the
perfect place to see an Anguillan sunset: it sits atop a cliff facing west
over the crystal blue waters of Mead's Bay. Doubles start at $400 from
April 1 to 30, and $290 from May 1 to Nov. 19; ocean-view one-bedroom
suites are $825 and $660.
CuisinArt Resort and Spa, (264) 498-2000,  is
perched on Rendezvous Bay. Rooms start at $550 a night from January
through March, $395 in April, and $350 from May 1 to mid-December.
Lloyd's Guest House, (264) 497-2351,  has 14 rooms on Crocus
Hill, in walking distance of Crocus Bay. The spacious rooms, some recently
renovated, go for $65 to $85, with breakfast.
Where to Eat
Blanchard's, (264) 497-6100,  has a romantic
setting overlooking Mead's Bay, and serves food with a Caribbean flair.
closed Sunday. June through August, it is closed Sunday and Monday. Closed
Sept. 1 to Oct. 20. Entrees from $34.
Gorgeous Scilly Cay, (264) 497-5123, is an open-air restaurant on its own
island, with free ferry service from Island Harbor. It is open on
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Since there is no
electricity, all food (chicken or seafood) is grilled. Live music on
Wednesday and Sunday. Entrees start at $25.
Roy's Place, (264) 497-2470,  is a charming
beachcomber's joint overlooking Crocus Bay, with a lively beach bar and an
Internet connection for guests (including wireless). There is a Friday
happy hour with dinner specials for $12. The Sunday specials are prime rib
($20) and lobster ($38). Lunch and dinner served daily, except dinner only
on Saturday.
English Rose, (264) 497-5353, a tavern in the central business district of
The Valley, serves generous portions of comfort food at reasonable prices:
burgers from $4, salads from $6. Closed Sunday.
Tasty's Restaurant, (264) 497-2737, offers chic-casual Caribbean dining in
South Hill: dishes like stewed creole-style lobster for $30, and
coconut-crusted filet of parrot fish in banana rum sauce for $20. Open for
breakfast, lunch and dinner daily, except Thursday.
Trattoria Tramonto, (264) 497-8819, has open-air dining and a beach bar on
one of the island's prettiest beaches, Shoal Bay West. The Italian menu
emphasizes game and seafood, including wild boar filet mignon ($35) and
spaghetti with crayfish, clams and shrimp ($30). Lunch and dinner except
Uncle Ernie's, (264) 497-3907, is a quintessential beach shack on Shoal
Bay East; open 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.
What to Do
Taino Wellness Center, off Spanish Town Road, South Hill, (264) 497-6066,
 offers massages (from $40 for 30 minutes),
manicures and pedicures (from $15), facials (from $50), and body
Devonish Art Gallery, the Cove, West End, (264) 497-2949, shows works of
local artists, including those by Courtney Devonish, a woodcarver and
ceramicist. Open 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday to Saturday or by appointment
Horseback riding with El Rancho del Blues in Blowing Point, (264) 497-6164
or 497-6334, starts at $25 an hour.
JULIET MACUR is a sports reporter for The Times.
Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company | Home | Privacy Policy | Search

@_date: 2005-02-26 19:19:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Anguilla on $1000 a day - NYTimes 
The NYT updates us on a favorite cryptographers' hideout....
February 27, 2005
HIGH LOW
High: Anguilla on $1000 a Day
By JULIET MACUR
N hour after arriving on Anguilla in early January, I was soaking in the
hot tub at an exclusive resort, sunglasses on, eyes closed, sun warming my
pasty Northeastern face.
Ah, Anguilla, a quiet island that has recently become "the next St.
Barts," a hedonistic hideaway and magnet for members of the boldface set.
At the northeast corner of this narrow isle, Jennifer Aniston and Brad
Pitt spent New Year's in a villa on Captain's Bay. On its southwestern
coast, Jay-Z and Beyonci had cuddled on the sands of Shoal Bay West. Down
the beach from my resort, Uma Thurman had kicked back at a local bar.
Just as I began to imagine that I, too, was a star on an
escape-the-paparazzi trip, reality interrupted. A foreign object crashed
into my hot tub and sent water slapping against my face. A small boy and
his father were throwing a ball wildly.
The father's next toss bounced off the boy's head and against a woman's
forehead. The father laughed. The woman smiled. I growled and thought,
"This doesn't happen to Jennifer Aniston."
I left in a huff because I had no time for distractions. This was serious
business: I had to figure out how to get by on $1,000 a day.
Related Feature
Low: Anguilla on $250 a Day
Though Anguilla is a relatively undeveloped island where goats might
outnumber residents, $1,000 a day at a chic resort amounts to roughing it.
At the Cap Juluca resort, the cheapest room in high season cost $936 a
night, including the 20 percent tax. Malliouhana Hotel offered a garden
view room on the first floor for $744.
If my best friend, Rose, and I were to eat, drink and even think of going
to the spa on my $1,000-a-day budget, the only high-end resort I could
afford was the CuisinArt Resort and Spa, which sits near the island's
southwestern end on Rendezvous Bay's beach, one and a half miles of
flour-soft sand, blindingly white.
The turquoise ocean water was as clear as Evian, and you could see fish
near the sea floor. The cheapest rate, $550 plus $110 tax - but including
Continental breakfast - would allow us to pretend we belonged at this
beautiful place.
The resort's grounds were simple and elegant. Eggplant-colored
bougainvillea climbed the whitewashed stucco buildings that looked as if
they had been plucked from a Greek cliff. In a nearby garden were trees
heavy with guavas, fig bananas and star apples.
As we looked from the lobby onto a series of rectangular pools cascading
to the beach, a receptionist said we had been upgraded from the main house
to a suite in one of the 10 three-story villas clustered along the shore.
"We hope you don't mind," she said, unaware that I was a journalist.
No, we didn't, and certainly not after seeing the room. The upgrade, to a
junior suite that would have cost $120 more a night, allowed us to hear
waves from our patio.
Our "suite" was a cheery, not fancy, single room, but at 920 square feet
was nearly as big as my Manhattan apartment. A navy couch broke up the
space into sleeping and lounging areas. Two double beds with wicker
headboards faced the porch and a walkway to the beach. Paintings of Greek
fishing villages and bright bedspreads splashed color against the white
walls and tile floors.
A brochure called the bathroom "your own private sanctum," large enough
for an oval tub for a honeymooning couple's bubble bath. But nothing was
that private, considering one wall was made of warped glass. While on the
outside walkway one day, I gasped when I saw a fuzzy version of Rose
heading for the shower.
At the resort's free reception on our first night (with food and drink),
the manager, Rabin Ortiz, told us, "Do not make plans for your weekend."
We quickly learned why. There are no plans to make because, on Anguilla,
there is basically nothing to do. And that's the point.
At CuisinArt, stay away from the main pool (where ball-tossing children
congregate). Instead, sit on the beach and take delivery of homemade lemon
sorbet from waiters whose goal is to fill you with fruity rum drinks.
After sundown, submit to spa treatments like the Anguillan coconut
pineapple scrub, which smells good enough to eat, and the hydroponic
cucumber and aloe wrap, using ingredients grown on the premises.
It was the perfect place for us: upscale, but not one bit snooty.
Night life is minimal. (At 10:30 on Saturday night, only one couple was at
our resort's bar, where a trio sang "Endless Love.") Sea kayaks,
sailboats, catamarans and tennis courts were available and mostly unused.
For casino or dance club action, it's a half-hour ferry ride to St.
Still, after too many games of boccie and gin rummy - or perhaps not
enough gin and rum - we searched for some fun. Down the beach was Dune
Preserve, a delightfully mellow bar inside a wooden shack owned by the
local reggae legend Bankie Banx. A CuisinArt bartender said that Uma had
been there the night before.
We followed the shoreline to get there. But then, as if the local gods
ordered punishment for all $1,000-a-day cheapskates, two stray dogs
charged us in the darkness. We couldn't see them, but they barked and
snapped like rabid Rottweilers, sending us running back to CuisinArt. So
much for Uma.
Cowards that we were, we rented a car the next day for $55 (including $20
for an Anguillan license) and that night drove 60 seconds to Dune
Preserve, only to realize we were too full for a drink. Because, on
Anguilla, what you do is eat - often.
Our gluttony had begun at Santorini, which, like CuisinArt's other
heavenly restaurant, Cafe Mediterraneo, uses food grown in the resort's
high-tech hydroponic garden or its old-school organic one. There, Rose and
I went to a class led by CuisinArt's executive chef, Daniel Orr, formerly
a chef at Guastavino's in New York City.
Neither of us is a great cook. (My fridge at home contains two bottles of
seltzer, nail polish and AA batteries.) But we are great eaters. We
stuffed ourselves with a tangy serving of stingray, a dizzyingly delicious
chocolate souffli and yellow lentil bisque so good we were tempted to lick
our bowls.
Afterward, I was shocked at the $75 charge, well over the advertised $55 I
had budgeted (it had just gone up). I next heard my whiny voice telling
the concierge:
"You don't understand. I cannot afford this extra $20."
The concierge rolled her eyes, but, hey, I needed $110 for the seaweed
scrub later.
That evening, we took a cab ($13 each way) to dinner at Blanchard's, a
top-notch restaurant in a quaint cottage. Most of the 23 tables were
arranged on the main floor, but we sat on a lower patio overlooking
fountains and gardens and the sea beyond. The only disappointments were
the rubbery lobster included in the $56 Caribbean Sampler and the waiters'
rushing us through the meal. Total for my dinner: $110.40.
Perhaps the management could sense that we were not the stars of our
imaginations. I asked the man at the bar if any real stars came in. He
reeled off names of those who had been there "just yesterday": Denzel
Washington. Johnny Damon. Liam Neeson and his wife, Natasha Richardson.
Courteney Cox Arquette. And, of course, Jennifer Aniston.
The next day, though it was dry season, it poured. So on that rainy Sunday
we rented a car and checked out Anguilla, which didn't take long. It is
only about 16 miles long and 3 miles wide. We found it pleasingly devoid
of cheesy T-shirt shops and fast-food joints but plentiful with
road-roaming goats and the smiling people who own them.
We lunched at Gorgeous Scilly Cay, a primitive restaurant on a tiny island
off the northeastern coast. With no electricity, it's open only from 11
a.m. to 5 p.m. To get there, you stand on a dock and hail a boatman.
Normally, patrons sun themselves there on lounge chairs between courses,
and get foot rubs from the restaurant's masseur, said the owner, Sandra
Wallace. But not on this rainy day. On the boat over with us, she wore a
garbage bag to stay dry; the masseur stayed home.
Still, a calypso band played upbeat music in the main house, which had
about a dozen tables and was open on all sides. Outside, there were
several palm-covered huts, each with a few plastic tables and chairs,
where I ordered the crayfish and chicken plate for $45, as sweet as their
rum punch was dangerous. My lunch, with tip, came to $74.
We found no famous people there, either - we were managing to repel them -
though we did hear that Sharon Stone had recently rented out the whole
island. And Jennifer Aniston (her again) had been there the week before.
That evening, I had my second treatment at the Venus Spa - a place without
much character or Zen - at CuisinArt. (In the thumbnail-size locker room,
I awkwardly rubbed elbows with someone's naked grandmother.) The Caribbean
warm stone massage ($115, plus $22 tip) was a step up from the seaweed
wrap of the day before - better called the seaweed chill.
That one began with me shivering in the treatment room. The masseuse said,
"If I told them once, I told them 20 times, this room is freezing."
Then she spread cold seaweed gook over my goose bumps. I groaned while she
mummified me with towels. Under those coverings, wrapped inside foil, I
felt like a hypothermia patient.
But relief came with the warm stone massage. As the smooth rocks rolled
over my muscles it felt oddly soothing, as if I were being seared by a
giant stick of roll-on deodorant. I felt so much at ease that later I
splurged on a smoothie for Rose, at $8.05 the only thing I could afford to
buy her all weekend.
When the sun came out on our last day, I passed the hot tub and saw that
same annoying family with their dreaded ball, this time being tossed
between two strollers. So I headed for the beach.
I bobbed around the water for a while, then moved my peaceful self to a
lounge chair. There I sipped on my own smoothie until it was time to get
back to the real world by way of the St. Martin airport.
At a terminal newsstand, I finally saw Jennifer Aniston - on a magazine
cover. How terrible - her Anguillan experience included suffering greater
than my seaweed chill - she and Brad had broken up.
"Hey lady!" the cashier yelled. "Did you see the sign? You can't read the
magazines until you buy them!"
What, she thought I looked rich? I had already spent my $2,000. So I
dropped the $3.95 magazine onto the shelf and walked away.
TWO-DAY TOTAL: $2,000.35
Visitor Information
Getting There
Several United States airlines run flights to Anguilla, but most operate
in connection with other carriers. Most flights go through San Juan, and
the cheapest fares (from about $646 round trip for late March) can require
an additional connection in St. Martin. If you fly into St. Martin (from
about $561 round trip), you can take a 20-minute ferry to Anguilla ($24
round trip plus $2.75 departure tax from St. Martin and $3 from Anguilla).
Ferries run every half hour from 7:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Where to Stay
Cap Juluca, (888) 858-5822,  is tucked away on the
secluded beach at Maunday's Bay, making it a favorite hideaway for
celebrities. Doubles start at $780 a night in the high season, from $445
in April, and $345 from May 1 through mid-November. (Add 20 percent in
taxes to all rates.)
Malliouhana Hotel and Spa, (264) 497-6111,  is the
perfect place to see an Anguillan sunset: it sits atop a cliff facing west
over the crystal blue waters of Mead's Bay. Doubles start at $400 from
April 1 to 30, and $290 from May 1 to Nov. 19; ocean-view one-bedroom
suites are $825 and $660.
CuisinArt Resort and Spa, (264) 498-2000,  is
perched on Rendezvous Bay. Rooms start at $550 a night from January
through March, $395 in April, and $350 from May 1 to mid-December.
Lloyd's Guest House, (264) 497-2351,  has 14 rooms on Crocus
Hill, in walking distance of Crocus Bay. The spacious rooms, some recently
renovated, go for $65 to $85, with breakfast.
Where to Eat
Blanchard's, (264) 497-6100,  has a romantic
setting overlooking Mead's Bay, and serves food with a Caribbean flair.
closed Sunday. June through August, it is closed Sunday and Monday. Closed
Sept. 1 to Oct. 20. Entrees from $34.
Gorgeous Scilly Cay, (264) 497-5123, is an open-air restaurant on its own
island, with free ferry service from Island Harbor. It is open on
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Since there is no
electricity, all food (chicken or seafood) is grilled. Live music on
Wednesday and Sunday. Entrees start at $25.
Roy's Place, (264) 497-2470,  is a charming
beachcomber's joint overlooking Crocus Bay, with a lively beach bar and an
Internet connection for guests (including wireless). There is a Friday
happy hour with dinner specials for $12. The Sunday specials are prime rib
($20) and lobster ($38). Lunch and dinner served daily, except dinner only
on Saturday.
English Rose, (264) 497-5353, a tavern in the central business district of
The Valley, serves generous portions of comfort food at reasonable prices:
burgers from $4, salads from $6. Closed Sunday.
Tasty's Restaurant, (264) 497-2737, offers chic-casual Caribbean dining in
South Hill: dishes like stewed creole-style lobster for $30, and
coconut-crusted filet of parrot fish in banana rum sauce for $20. Open for
breakfast, lunch and dinner daily, except Thursday.
Trattoria Tramonto, (264) 497-8819, has open-air dining and a beach bar on
one of the island's prettiest beaches, Shoal Bay West. The Italian menu
emphasizes game and seafood, including wild boar filet mignon ($35) and
spaghetti with crayfish, clams and shrimp ($30). Lunch and dinner except
Uncle Ernie's, (264) 497-3907, is a quintessential beach shack on Shoal
Bay East; open 9 a.m. to 7 p.m.
What to Do
Taino Wellness Center, off Spanish Town Road, South Hill, (264) 497-6066,
 offers massages (from $40 for 30 minutes),
manicures and pedicures (from $15), facials (from $50), and body
Devonish Art Gallery, the Cove, West End, (264) 497-2949, shows works of
local artists, including those by Courtney Devonish, a woodcarver and
ceramicist. Open 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday to Saturday or by appointment
Horseback riding with El Rancho del Blues in Blowing Point, (264) 497-6164
or 497-6334, starts at $25 an hour.
JULIET MACUR is a sports reporter for The Times.
Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company | Home | Privacy Policy | Search

@_date: 2005-01-04 19:18:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Banks Test ID Device for Online Security 
Yup.  It's the little keychain frob that gives you a string of numbers,
updated every 30 seconds or so, which stays roughly in sync with a server,
so you can use them as one-time passwords
instead of storing a password that's good for a long term.
So if the phisher cons you into handing over your information,
they've got to rip you off in nearly-real-time with a MITM game
instead of getting a password they can reuse, sell, etc.
That's still a serious risk for a bank,
since the scammer can use it to log in to the web site
and then do a bunch of transactions quickly;
it's less vulnerable if the bank insists on a new SecurID hit for
every dangerous transaction, but that's too annoying for most customers.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-01-04 19:18:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Banks Test ID Device for Online Security 
Yup.  It's the little keychain frob that gives you a string of numbers,
updated every 30 seconds or so, which stays roughly in sync with a server,
so you can use them as one-time passwords
instead of storing a password that's good for a long term.
So if the phisher cons you into handing over your information,
they've got to rip you off in nearly-real-time with a MITM game
instead of getting a password they can reuse, sell, etc.
That's still a serious risk for a bank,
since the scammer can use it to log in to the web site
and then do a bunch of transactions quickly;
it's less vulnerable if the bank insists on a new SecurID hit for
every dangerous transaction, but that's too annoying for most customers.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-01-06 11:53:06
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Spaf's mailing list on information assurance/security,   
I have created the mailing list "ias-opportunities at cerias.purdue.edu"
for distributing announcements of funding opportunities, conference
and journal calls, and similar solicitations specifically about
issues of information assurance, information security, and
cybercrime-related issues.  This is not limited to academics -- these
announcements should be of interest as well to people in government
and industry.
Members of the list can send announcements such as the above to the
list.   Non-members can send announcements to
"ias-opportunities-submit at cerias.purdue.edu" for posting.
If you are interested in subscribing to the list, send email to
"ias-opportunities-request at cerias.purdue.edu" with the message
If you want to subscribe an address other than the one from which you
send the email, use the message
subscribe This list is for announcements only -- not discussions, and should be
A WWW-archive of posts is available at
------ End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 2005-01-08 23:14:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "The Reader of Gentlemen's Mail", by David Kahn 
My wife was channel-surfing and ran across David Kahn talking about his recent book
"The Reader of Gentlemen's Mail: Herbert O. Yardley and the Birth of American Codebreaking".
ISBN 0300098464 , Yale University Press, March 2004
Amazon's page has a couple of good detailed reviews
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-01-10 12:41:45
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ready, Aim, ID Check: In Wrong Hands, Gun Won't Fire 
I'd rather not have to rely on a gun that's
acting like typical Artificial Intelligence software
- "Out of Virtual Memory - Garbage-Collecting - Back in a minute"
- "Tea?  You mean Leaves, boiled in water?  That's a tough one!"
- "Low on Entropy - please wave the gun around and pull the trigger a few Police have enough problems with situations where guns are too slow,
such as a guy with a knife ten feet away,
and ostensibly smart guns that aren't reliable are really bad.
And slowly-responding guns just encourage cops to pull them out early
and start shooting early just in case,
which is the kind of thing most gun-grabbing liberals want to avoid.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-01-10 18:27:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Adware for Windows Media Player spreading by P2P 
According to an article in The Register, Overpeer is spreading
adware-infected Windows Media Audio and Windows Media Video files via P2P.
PC World Magazine did some research, ran Etherpeek, and found that
the adware was going to Overpeer, which is owned by Loudeye,
who strongly defend the practice, saying music pirates deserve what they get.
Of course, what the article isn't mentioning is that
this means that the WMA and WMV file formats have features
that can be used with the Windows Media Player to support adware,
so a good chunk of the blame belongs back in Redmond.
(Remind me again why closed-source DRMware is a good idea?)
Now, it wouldn't bother me if the Windows Media Player's
silly trippy visuals that you get when playing audio
that doesn't have a video track were replaced by
some advertising video, as long as it's all self-contained
and doesn't phone home to tell advertisers what I'm listening to.
But this one seems to be pretty chatty.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-01-12 13:59:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [IP] No expectation of privacy in public? In a pig's eye!   
Do you mean that if you discover an unsolicited gift of
consumer electronics attached to your car,
do you have the right to play with it just as you would if
it came in the mail?  I would certainly expect so...
On the other hand, if it appears to be a lost item,
you could be a good public citizen and take it to the police
to see if anybody claims it...
"GPS tracker" is an ambiguous description, though.
GPS devices detect where they are, but what next?
A device could record where it was, for later collection,
or it could transmit its position to a listener.
Tampering with existing recordings might have legal
implications, but putting a transmitter-based system
in your nearest garbage can or accidentally leaving it in a taxi
or mailing it to Medellin all seem like reasonable activities.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-01-13 17:46:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Ridge Wants Fingerprints in Passports 
He's smearing his sticky fingerprints all over everything else,
and now he wants them in our passports?
Oughtta learn to keep his hands to himself.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-01-14 15:42:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Police Worried About New Vest-Penetrating Gun 
A couple of questions to the gunpunks out there...
I've heard that rifles easily penetrate bullet-proof vests,
and that vests are really only useful against average-to-small handguns
and against shotguns.  Is this accurate?
Any idea how much you can saw off a rifle
and still have it penetrate typical cop vests?
(And I assume the "20 rounds in seconds" is just a scary way to say
"it has a big magazine and you have to pull the trigger 20 times".)
Also, the police expressed worry that criminals might hear about
these guns and then the cops would be in big trouble.
Sounds silly to me - while some criminals might buy a
"cop-killer handgun" for bragging rights,
random criminals presumably only buy weapons useful for the
scenarios they imagine being in,
which is Saturday Night Specials for most applications,
or whatever currently fashionable Mac10/Uzi/etc.
for druglord armies that expect to be shooting at each other,
or rifles for distance work and dual-use pickup-truck decoration.
Do many criminals expect to initiate shootouts with vest-wearing cops
in scenarios where a rifle isn't practical?
Do most cops wear bullet-proof vests regularly other than in
holdup/hostage SWAT situations, where the criminal might have rifles anyway,
and where a regular pistol is just fine for shooting hostages?
Or is this mainly a problem for the cases when cops want to stage
military-style pre-dawn assaults on people's houses,
where they expect that the targets usually only have
pistols handy near the bed and don't have time for rifles?
Seems like scare-mongering to me, not a practical concern.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-01-16 02:28:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Searching with Images instead of Words 
I think it definitely has a future.
I'm a bit skeptical about whether it's a _near_ future, though....
It sounds especially possible for specific classes of pictures,
such as outdoor locations in major cities.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-01-16 12:38:39
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: US slaps on the wardriver-busting paint 
You weren't reading the "how it works" description carefully.
It works by blocking RF, so if you put enough paint on to block
outgoing RF from your IF oscillator, you'll also block
incoming RF headed for your tuner, unless your TV set
does a good job of isolating the IF from the antenna.
Similarly, if it's doing a good enough job of blocking RF
to keep 802.11 WLANs from getting out, it's also keeping
cell phone signals from getting in.
RF is surprisingly leaky stuff.  Back when I ran a
TEMPEST-shielded room, we'd find easily-measurable leaks
if the copper-wool filler in the joints wasn't packed tightly,
or if we stuck a paper clip in one of the fiber-waveguide holes.
We were measuring at 450 MHz, which was a really high frequency
for the mid 1980s when computers ran at 10 MHz,
and our room was about 120 dB tight when everything was working.
Looks like the tax is UKP 116, so if the paint is only sold
in whole gallons, and the white vans come around monthly to test,
it could pay off in 3-4 months if it worked, except that
it probably won't work.
Bill Stewart  bill.stewart at pobox.com

@_date: 2005-07-02 22:14:12
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Plame != Palme :-) Re: Palme revealed by... Karl Rove! 
You're mixing up assassinating a president with
treason performed for revenge and crude political gain.
It's only impeachable if Bush knew and couldn't justify
his lack of response as executive privilege.
I'd assume his handlers have a standing agreement of
plausible deniability for that sort of thing.
As far as prosecutable goes, it'd sure be fun to watch,
unless of course there's another runaway bride
or dead puppy or somebody burns a flag on July 4th
or the comet blows up real good
or whatever else it takes to distract the public for 15 minutes.

@_date: 2005-07-05 18:49:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: The Nazification Of America ("Show Me Your Papers" - Day 1) 
Your postal mail forwards from your old address, doesn't it?
And your old driver's license is still valid,
though the state you moved to wants to hit you up for a new one of theirs.
Alternatively,  if you prefer the Two From Column B menu,
it should be easy to get a letter from a government agency -
just get a traffic ticket (:-) or write them about something bureaucratic,
like how to get a driver's license, or a complaint to your State and Bob oughta be your uncle.

@_date: 2005-07-13 01:32:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reverse Palladium? 
There's the "network" and there's the computer.
If you're on a computer you can't trust, you can't trust it.
If you're the sysadmin for the box, and nobody else is,
then you're only exposed to eavesdropping on the network.
If you can't trust the sysadmins for the computer not to
do keystroke logging and CarbonCopy your screen,
you've got a much tougher threat model.
If you've got a machine you're willing to trust,
you can tunnel everything else you do through encrypted tunnels;
the network administrator will be able to see where
the outside of the outer tunnel is, if that bothers you.
There are a number of SSL-based VPN tunnel products on the market,
including some that just use the browser's SSL capabilities,
some that use a browser with Java app clients,
and some that use actual installed client software.
Aventail is one vendor, Cisco's another, there are lots more,
but I haven't seen any open-source server versions (e.g. Apache plugins),
though some servers do at least run on Linux.
Some of Aventail's products are made to run on a
publicly-accessible machine, e.g. cybercafe model,
and give you a "virtual desktop" that looks like your home system
and clean up after themselves when you log off.

@_date: 2005-07-13 01:58:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Drug-traffickers' Trunk-mounted Evidence-ditching Rocket Fails  
My brother's summary, spoken by a Wile E. Coyote cartoon figure:
"2 KY meth traffickers rigged up their car so if cops closed in a small rocket with their stash would launch itself from the trunk"
"that never works"  "meep meep"
Fox News Story:
Drug Rocket Fails to Take Off
Tuesday, July 05, 2005
Drug dealing really may be rocket science.
Two accused methamphetamine traffickers apparently rigged up their car so that if cops closed in, a small rocket carrying their stash would pop up from the trunk and launch itself far from the long arm of the law.
For some reason, the rocket never achieved liftoff when Missouri State Highway Patrol (search) officers pulled over Michael Ray Sullivan, 41, and Joseph C. Seidl, 39, both of Kentucky, on June 24 in Kingdom City.
The $13,534 in cash in the 1990 Ford Thunderbird was interesting enough, Kansas City U.S. Attorney's Office spokesman Don Ledford told the Columbia (Mo.) Daily Tribune.
Far more intriguing was what was in the trunk: three dud pipe bombs and a "hobby-style" rocket, three to four feet long, all packed with meth worth up to $145,000.
Ledford explained that a web of ropes and pulleys lifted the rocket into launch position when the trunk lid was opened. The rocket could then be ignited from inside the car using the dashboard cigarette lighter.
Cops are pretty certain the rocket was meant to be an escape pod for the drugs, but Ledford diplomatically declined to speculate.
"But they did have the meth inside the rocket," he admitted, "and it could be launched from inside the car."
- Thanks to Out There reader Jen J.

@_date: 2005-06-01 01:22:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: e-gold exchange 
I haven't found anybody that'll take credit cards or paypal
without either major hurdles or extremely high fees -
there's too much risk of fraud including reneging on credit card charges.
However, I've been very pleased with Goldage.net -
they've got several mechanisms for paying them,
including walking in to one of half a dozen major US banks
and making a deposit to their account,
as well as a few varieties of wire transfer.
They're a transaction-based service rather than an account-based service,
and support a variety of online gold currencies.
I don't use e-gold myself - I get so much spam purporting to be
from them that it's much simpler to discard all of it,
since 99.9% is phishing.  But a certain anonymous person
with whom I might or might not be be familiar was able to
use Goldage's online interface to set up a transaction,
hand some dead presidents to a Bank that's in America,
and a day or two later the transaction cleared and
there was a deposit to an electronic currency company's account,
which could allegedly be used to pay a merchant.
Fees were pretty low, though for relatively small transactions
the minimum fee is the main concern, rather than the
percentages that matter more on larger transactions.

@_date: 2005-06-25 02:24:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
It's an appalling decision, and as Alif says, it's nothing that hasn't
been happening for years already.  Sad to see it formalized, though.
Bush's favorite judges are radical activists when it comes to
interference with most civil rights, especially for non-citizens
or people outside US boundaries, or when it comes to letting the
Administration get away with whatever it wants,
but this case *is* about *property*, so that's as close
as they're going to get to an invitation to do the right thing.
(There was another case recently where Clarence Thomas
voted the right way; I don't remember the issue, but it surprised me.)
 > > How do you stop a bulldozer?
 > [various destructive options.]
Nah.  Paper.  Applied before the bulldozer heads to your property.
Occasionally you need it in mass quantities.
However, there are times you need to stop construction equipment
that's doing bad things - AT&T at least used to fly small planes
over our main cable routes, looking for backhoes that hadn't
checked in with the Don't Dig Here Center.
They'd drop them a package with some papers about
calling the Call Before You Dig people,
a couple of bribes (typically a pair of good work gloves
and a pack of gum), and a pack of playing cards to
give them something to do while waiting around.

@_date: 2005-06-28 11:12:58
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
California's medical marijuana laws allow you to use it for
just about any "medical condition" you can get a doctor to
prescribe it for, and there are doctors happy to oblige.
This set of mostly really bad decisions by the Supremes
is really stressing me out, so I'd better go get something to
help me manage the stress :-)
Eminent Domain decision looks really bad, though I haven't read it yet.
Brad Templeton suggested, though, that the Constitution does still
require just compensation, and that the obvious value of the
property that's taken is not just the value that the
property owner would have taken if he felt like moving out
and selling to another homeowner,
but the value that the private company would have had to pay
to get everybody they're stealing land from to sell out.
So it may still be possible to get paid decently by going to court.
The Medical Marijuana decision, while appallingly bad,
seemed pretty obvious - straight stare decisis from the
FDR-era decision that a farmer growing grain on his own land
to feed to his own hogs was still engaged in interstate commerce,
and therefore subject to FDR's agriculture quasi-nationalization rules.
If the Supremes had wanted to overturn that, they could have
done so (unlikely), or they could have decided that the case
was sufficiently different because it's about medicine and
not just commerce (also unlikely), but they didn't.
That's a problem with activist lawsuits - you need to have
the resources to win, or else you usually end up making the
legal situation worse for everybody than if you hadn't done it.
At first glance, the cable modem decision looks right, though;
haven't had time to read all the fine print yet.

@_date: 2005-06-30 16:50:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Private Homes may be taken for public good 
Well, sure.  At least 1-3% of the people in the country
work for town governments and/or shopping mall developers
who get to benefit from this kind of abuse.
It's really strange to have a week where not only does the
Supreme Court make a bunch of rabidly evil decisions,
but Rehnquist and Thomas are on the correct side of several of them.
Hope the old bastard can hang on long enough until either
Bush is out of office or at least the Senate gets a few more Democrats,
because Bush is unlikely to propose somebody even as principled
as these right-wing zealots.

@_date: 2005-03-04 14:03:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Handheld Licence Plate Scanner/OCR/Lookup 
More news dispatches from Brinworld....
Bootfinder, made by G2 Systems in Alexandria VA,
is a combination of a handheld digital camera,
OCR software for locating and reading license plates,
and a database lookup system that shows the user
whatever information it has about that license plate.
The software runs on a laptop; the article doesn't say
if it has an online live data feed or just runs on stored data.
The two governments currently using it, New Haven Conn
and Arlington County VA, are using it to find
car tax and parking ticket delinquents,
so it's something that doesn't need a live data feed,
but that would be easy to patch on - the hard technology's
in reading the number, not in using it.
It was originally developed for tracing stolen cars,
but the developer found that to be a hard sell with
cash-strapped police departments, while parking enforcement
is a revenue-generating activity so anything that
lets those departments rake in money faster is an easy sell.
One city saw their car tax payment compliance go from
80% to 95% because it was easy to catch many non-payers
and to scare other people into paying before they get caught.
The camera can scan 1000 license plates per minute -
the article doesn't say how fast the cars can be going,
but the cities that use it have parking officials driving
down the street scanning parked cars' plates,
which are easier to aim at than moving cars.
Even so, that suggests that more widespread privacy-invading
applications should be easy to develop -
David Brin's "Transparent Society" prediction of
cameras and computing being cheap enough to become ubiquitous
becomes more realistic every year.

@_date: 2005-03-19 22:49:47
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: on FPGAs vs ASICs 
EFF's DESCrack cost $200K in 1998 and used ASICs.
(It's really only six years since we killed off single-DES!)
There were 1500 DES-cracker ASIC chips in it.
ASICs may cost a bit more today - Moore's Law helps,
but it also means that chip designs can become
larger and more complex, though code-cracker applications
have a lot of uniformity in their design,
and we've got six more years of experience
building ASIC cell libraries that can be reused.
I suspect a similar-sized machine would cost a similar amount
but have a lot more DES functional units in it.
FPGAs probably make more sense for routers,
because you want the ability to change the firmware more often,
and a router has a bunch of other parts as well,
and realistically, cypher-cracking is not an
economically viable activity for most people,
so the cost-benefit tradeoffs are a bit twisted.

@_date: 2005-03-22 14:21:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Great Firewall of China Doesn't Stop Zombies 
The Register took a look at the recent Honeynet Project's
listing of where zombies live - apparently the UK
slightly exceeds the US in total zombie count,
each with about 25% of the zombies that were detected.
But third place was interesting - it's China, with 7.6% of the zombies.
Everybody makes such a big deal about China's Great Firewall,
which is supposed to censor people looking for Ungood Thoughts,
but apparently it not only doesn't stop spammers,
it doesn't stop zombies either.
And Korea's a disappointing 9th place in the list;
you'd think that one of the most heavily-wired countries
in the world could do better than that.

@_date: 2005-03-25 14:21:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: WiFi Launcher? 
It's a harder problem than you'd expect -
Wifi doesn't have a long range, so you have to detect the hotspot,
decide if you can handle or evade its authentication, do that,
and then send your message before you've driven out of range.
If you're in range for 100 meters at a 18kph city crawl (or bike)
that's about 5 meters/sec so you've got 20 seconds, and it can work.
If you're driving 90kph and catch 10 meters of the edge of a range,
you've got 0.4 seconds to do the job, which is pretty dodgy -
lots of mail servers take a few seconds to really sync up,
especially if you've got to do a DNS lookup or two.
Directional Antennas are unlikely to be useful -
if you've got them aimed right, you might win,
but you're much more likely to miss entirely
or have only a few meters that you're in range.

@_date: 2005-03-26 23:38:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: AP For Starvation Judge 
They want her dead, but don't have the guts to just kill her,
so they're going to dehydrate her to death instead
and pretend it's "natural", because she can't feed herself.
It's a nasty way to go if you're not in bad health,
though it seems to be popular with disabled old people
who want to commit suicide in nursing homes
and don't have alternatives.
I agree with you there, though for many people that seems to be
the crux of the issue.

@_date: 2005-05-07 01:16:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Pi: Less Random Than We Thought 
Back in the old days, Tim May would occasionally talk about the Kolmogorov-Chaitin theories about randomness - Kolmogorov complexity gives you a lot of deep explanations about this sort of problem.  Alas, I never actually *read* those papers, but there's been a lot of mathematical thought about what randomness means.

@_date: 2005-05-11 18:42:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Terrorist-controlled cessna nearly attacks washington 
Sigh.  "Terrified Student Pilot" isn't the same as "Terrorist".

@_date: 2005-05-18 01:04:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NYTimes article on privacy, identity theft 
Good NYTimes article on privacy, identity theft, and
easy correlation of data in public records.
Usual Suspect Professor Avi Rubin at Johns Hopkins
has his grad students demonstrating things you can find out.
Betty Ostergren's "Virginia Watchdog" website
reinforces complaints about public records privacy
by outing the records of public officials to make her points to them.
[NYTimes articles usually require free registration;
I'm not sure if there's currently a "cypherpunks" userID there,
but I think some of the strings following the ? in the URL
indicate that you don't need registration if you use this URL..]

@_date: 2005-11-08 11:35:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Oops - Official Reveals Budget for U.S. Intelligence 
$44B, up from $26.8 in 1998.
It's the usual NYTimes-registration-required article.
November 8, 2005
Official Reveals Budget for U.S. Intelligence
By SCOTT SHANE
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7 - In an apparent slip, a top American intelligence official has revealed at a public conference what has long been secret: the amount of money the United States spends on its spy agencies.
At an intelligence conference in San Antonio last week, Mary Margaret Graham, a 27-year veteran of the Central Intelligence Agency and now the deputy director of national intelligence for collection, said the annual intelligence budget was $44 billion.
The number was reported Monday in U.S. News and World Report, whose national security reporter, Kevin Whitelaw, was among the hundreds of people in attendance during Ms. Graham's talk.
"I thought, 'I can't believe she said that,' " Mr. Whitelaw said on Monday. "The government has spent so much time and energy arguing that it needs to remain classified."
The figure itself comes as no great shock; most news reports in the last couple of years have estimated the budget at $40 billion. But the fact that Ms. Graham would say it in public is a surprise, because the government has repeatedly gone to court to keep the current intelligence budget and even past budgets as far back as the 1940's from being disclosed.
Carl Kropf, a spokesman for the office of the director of national intelligence, John D. Negroponte, said Ms. Graham would not comment. Mr. Kropf declined to say whether the figure, which Ms. Graham gave last Monday at an annual conference on intelligence gathered from satellite and other photographs, was accurate, or whether her revelation was accidental.
Steven Aftergood, director of the Project on Government Secrecy at the Federation of American Scientists, expressed amused satisfaction that the budget figure had slipped out.
"It is ironic," Mr. Aftergood said. "We sued the C.I.A. four times for this kind of information and lost. You can't get it through legal channels."
Only for a few past years has the budget been disclosed. After Mr. Aftergood's group first sued for the budget figure under the Freedom of Information Act in 1997, George J. Tenet, then the director of central intelligence, decided to make public that year's budget, $26.6 billion. The next year Mr. Tenet did the same, revealing that the 1998 fiscal year budget was $26.7 billion.
But in 1999, Mr. Tenet reversed that policy, and budgets since then have remained classified with the support of the courts. Last year, a federal judge refused to order the C.I.A. to release its budget totals for 1947 to 1970 - except for the 1963 budget, which Mr. Aftergood showed had already been revealed elsewhere.
In court and in response to inquiries, intelligence officials have argued that disclosing the total spying budget would create pressure to reveal more spending details, and that such revelations could aid the nation's That argument has been rejected by many members of Congress and outside experts, who note that most of the Defense Department budget is published in exhaustive detail without evident harm.
The national commission on the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, recommended that both the overall intelligence budget and spending by individual agencies be made public "in order to combat the secrecy and complexity" it found was harming national security.
"The taxpayers deserve to know what they're spending for intelligence," said Lee H. Hamilton, the former congressman who was vice chairman of the Even more important, Mr. Hamilton said, public discussion of the total budgets of intelligence agencies would encourage Congress to exercise "robust oversight."
The debate over whether the intelligence budget should be secret dates to at least the 1970's, said Loch K. Johnson, an intelligence historian who worked for the Church Committee investigation of the intelligence agencies by the Senate in the mid-1970's. Mr. Johnson said the real reason for secrecy might have less to do with protecting intelligence sources and methods than with protecting the bureaucracy.
"Maybe there's a fear that if the American people knew what was being spent on intelligence, they'd be even more upset at intelligence failures," Mr. Johnson said.

@_date: 2005-11-10 11:43:21
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: MIT Study on Tin-Foil Hats :-) 
The page was actually published in February, but showed up at  (Hmm.  Looks like Slashdot just got it also, so it'll probably
be a bit slow downloading.  I've included the text here,
but the pictures make it worthwhile.)
On the Effectiveness of Aluminium Foil Helmets:
An Empirical Study
Ali Rahimi1, Ben Recht 2, Jason Taylor 2, Noah Vawter 2
17 Feb 2005
1: Electrical Engineering and Computer Science department, MIT.
2: Media Laboratory, MIT.
Among a fringe community of paranoids, aluminum helmets serve as the protective measure of choice against invasive radio signals. We investigate the efficacy of three aluminum helmet designs on a sample group of four individuals. Using a $250,000 network analyser, we find that although on average all helmets attenuate invasive radio frequencies in either directions (either emanating from an outside source, or emanating from the cranium of the subject), certain frequencies are in fact greatly amplified. These amplified frequencies coincide with radio bands reserved for government use according to the Federal Communication Commission (FCC). Statistical evidence suggests the use of helmets may in fact enhance the government's invasive abilities. We theorize that the government may in fact have started the helmet craze for this reason.
It has long been suspected that the government has been using satellites to read and control the minds of certain citizens. The use of aluminum helmets has been a common guerrilla tactic against the government's invasive tactics [1]. Surprisingly, these helmets can in fact help the government spy on citizens by amplifying certain key frequency ranges reserved for government use. In addition, none of the three helmets we analyzed provided significant attenuation to most frequency bands.
We describe our experimental setup, report our results, and conclude with a few design guidelines for constructing more effective helmets.
Experimental Setup
The three helmet types tested
The ClassicalThe Fez
The Centurion
We evaluated the performance of three different helmet designs, commonly referred to as the Classical, the Fez, and the Centurion. These designs are portrayed in Figure 1. The helmets were made of Reynolds aluminium foil. As per best practices, all three designs were constructed with the double layering technique described elsewhere [2].
A radio-frequency test signal sweeping the ranges from 10 Khz to 3 Ghz was generated using an omnidirectional antenna attached to the Agilent 8714ET's signal generator.
The experimental apparatus, including a data recording laptop, a $250,000 network analyser, and antennae.
A network analyser (Agilent 8714ET) and a directional antenna measured and plotted the signals. See Figure 2.
Because of the cost of the equipment (about $250,000), and the limited time for which we had access to these devices, the subjects and experimenters performed a few dry runs before the actual experiment (see Figure 3).
Test subjects during a dry run.
The receiver antenna was placed at various places on the cranium of 4 different subjects: the frontal, occipital and parietal lobes. Once with the helmet off and once with the helmet on. The network analyzer plotted the attenuation betwen the signals in these two settings at different frequencies, from 10Khz to 3 Ghz. Figure 4 shows a typical plot of the attenuation at different frequencies.
A typical attenuation trace form the network analyser
For all helmets, we noticed a 30 db amplification at 2.6 Ghz and a 20 db amplification at 1.2 Ghz, regardless of the position of the antenna on the cranium. In addition, all helmets exhibited a marked 20 db attenuation at around 1.5 Ghz, with no significant attenuation beyond 10 db anywhere else.
The helmets amplify frequency bands that coincide with those allocated to the US government between 1.2 Ghz and 1.4 Ghz. According to the FCC, These bands are supposedly reserved for ''radio location'' (ie, GPS), and other communications with satellites (see, for example, [3]). The 2.6 Ghz band coincides with mobile phone technology. Though not affiliated by government, these bands are at the hands of multinational corporations.
It requires no stretch of the imagination to conclude that the current helmet craze is likely to have been propagated by the Government, possibly with the involvement of the FCC. We hope this report will encourage the paranoid community to develop improved helmet designs to avoid falling prey to these shortcomings.
The authors would like to thank Andy (Xu) Sun of the MIT Media Lab for helping with the equipment, Professor George Sergiadis for lending us the antennae, and Professor Neil Gershenfeld for allowing us the use of his lab

@_date: 2005-11-16 01:55:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: the effects of a spy 
> From: smb at cs.columbia.edu ("Steven M. Bellovin")
 > To: cryptography at metzdowd.com
 > Subject: the effects of a spy
 > Date: Tue, 15 Nov 2005 16:08:50 -0500
 > Bruce Schneier's newsletter Cryptogram has the following fascinating
 > link:  > It's the story of effects of a single spy who betrayed keys and
 > encryptor designs.
Steve posted Bruce's reference to an astounding paper.
It's a master's thesis in military history by a US army major,
looking at the John Walker spy case's effects
and the absolutely badly broken US Military systems he was part of -
- the security clearance process was systematically unreliable,
pretty much guaranteeing that there'd be enough bad guys hired
and given access to highly classified information that
you'd expect some of it to get sold to the Soviets,
and they were much more worried that sailors might be gay
than that they might have serious drinking and financial problems
- the radio crypto system he was stealing keys for was used by
the entire US Navy in ways that one person could compromise
the communications for the entire fleet for months, undetected,
- tens of thousands of people had access to the keying material,
- the NSA mostly designed crypto systems with the goal of having them
not be compromised, but the Navy mostly designed operations systems
with the goal of being able to communicate reliably,
- the NSA didn't realize how different the Navy's operations
environment was from how the NSA would run things,
and the Navy didn't realize how critical the handling requirements were,
- Navy classified information storage rooms used to have photocopiers (:-)
- Navy personnel files were accessible to the people they were about,
and one way to renew your security clearance was to create your own paperwork,
- theoretically the Fleet Broadcasting System keying material
was split into four regions of the world to reduce risk of compromise,
but in practice every ship had every set of keys in case they needed them,
- the military in the mid-70s still used some even older NSA systems that
were based on rotor machines, in spite of the fact that
some rotor machines had been cracked as early as the 1930s
(but the Enigma cracking was still secret until 1979,
so security-by-obscurity said this was still ok for most uses),
and the main reason they were phased out was they were too slow,
- hauling keying material around by courier might be ok for an airforce,
but Navy ships move slowly and independently enough that they
tend to haul around huge chunks of keying material,
as well as couriering material for other services.
The author speculates that the Pueblo may have been seized
specifically because the Soviets knew they'd be able to get
keying material from Walker and wanted to get the crypto machine,
and that they later cracked the machine so they no longer needed new keys.
Walker's access to couriered keying material appears to have
exposed much of the Vietnam War B-52 bombing plans to the Soviets,
so the North Vietnamese and Vietcong could avoid being in the
places that the US was bombing for several years.
"Breaking the Ring" was a book about the Walker spy ring
and its effects, and Heath discusses a few items from it that
she thinks were probably deception by various players.
There's a little bit of technical detail, mostly not that deep,
but enough to let the reader understand the impacts of various
technologies and decisions, like the risks of having
tens of thousands of sailors having access to material
that can compromise the communications of the entire fleet.
The NSA used to not only pretend not to exist, but also pretended
to have the best crypto people in the world,
and while they may have had the best codebreakers,
it clearly wasn't having much effect on their codemaking side
as late as the mid-70s - and while public-key crypto wasn't
very practical in 1976 when Diffie-Hellman was first published,
it was apparently desperately needed, and the Navy would
probably have better off with DES than with much of what they
were using back then.
Were the mid-70s really that long ago?
Was the security clearance system that incompetent
back when I had mine (:-)?

@_date: 2005-11-30 01:29:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Miami Police Planning to Terrorize Public 
Ok, that isn't exactly how they phrased it, but it's what they're doing.
Miami police take new tack against terror
By Curt Anderson, Associated Press Writer  |  November 28, 2005
MIAMI --Miami police announced Monday they will stage random shows of force at hotels, banks and other public places to keep terrorists guessing and remind people to be vigilant.
Deputy Police Chief Frank Fernandez said officers might, for example, surround a bank building, check the IDs of everyone going in and out and hand out leaflets about terror threats.
"This is an in-your-face type of strategy. It's letting the terrorists know we are out there," Fernandez said.
The operations will keep terrorists off guard, Fernandez said. He said al-Qaida and other terrorist groups plot attacks by putting places under surveillance and watching for flaws and patterns in security.
Police Chief John Timoney said there was no specific, credible threat of an imminent terror attack in Miami. But he said the city has repeatedly been mentioned in intelligence reports as a potential target.
Timoney also noted that 14 of the 19 hijackers who took part in the Sept. 11 attacks lived in South Florida at various times and that other alleged terror cells have operated in the area.
Both uniformed and plainclothes police will ride buses and trains, while others will conduct longer-term surveillance operations.
"People are definitely going to notice it," Fernandez said. "We want that shock. We want that awe. But at the same time, we don't want people to feel their rights are being threatened. We need them to be our eyes and ears."
Howard Simon, executive director of ACLU of Florida, said the Miami initiative appears aimed at ensuring that people's rights are not violated.
"What we're dealing with is officers on street patrol, which is more effective and more consistent with the Constitution," Simon said. "We'll have to see how it is implemented."
Mary Ann Viverette, president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police, said the Miami program is similar to those used for years during the holiday season to deter criminals at busy places such as shopping malls.
"You want to make your presence known and that's a great way to do it," said Viverette, police chief in Gaithersburg, Md. "We want people to feel they can go about their normal course of business, but we want them to be ) Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company

@_date: 2005-10-30 01:17:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Multiple passports? 
When I saw the title of this thread,
I was assuming it would be about getting Mozambique
or Sealand or other passports of convenience or coolness-factor
like the Old-School Cypherpunks used to do :-)
A few years ago, before heading on an overseas trip,
I was unable to locate my current passport.
After dealing with a voicemail system adapted from a Kafka novel,
and bringing myself, my previous expired passport and other id,
a couple official-sized photographs and cash through the
secret-handshake elevator into a big waiting room for a long morning,
they made me a new passport.   (If you need to replace a passport
more than a month before your planned travel,
you're supposed to use the regular process at the Post Office
and maybe pay extra for Express Mail if you're impatient.
If you need to replace a passport within 3 days of travel,
they've got expedited processes at major passport offices like San Francisco.
But if you need to replace your passport two weeks before the trip,
there's no way to talk to a human being, just Kafka's voicemailbot,
so you have to wait until 3 days before the trip
to get an appointment for the emergency expedited process
instead of going in when you and they aren't busy :-)
They informed me that the lost passport was now invalid
and I should turn it in if I find it, because if I were to use it
to get back into the country it would be rejected with extreme prejudice,
since its number is now on the "lost passports" list.
Of course the next day when I was packing,
the passport showed up on the closet floor under the suitcase,
and unlike the previous passport which I took in to replace
when it was about to expire, it doesn't have holes
punched in it and Expired stamped on it.
For domestic air travel since the recent military coup,
I normally bring a passport as ID, since it's a request from the
former United States government asking foreign governments
like the current TSA White People to let me pass,
and I'd rather carry the technically-invalid one with me
instead of the valid one just in case I lose it.
I think I've also used it to travel from the EU back to the US,
but I'd expect that the La Migra thugs will
eventually improve their databases, possibly even before my old one expires,
especially because Homeland Security wants to RFIDize us.
I was considering "losing" my current passport before the
RFID things get started, but it doesn't look like there's time,
so I've got about 5 years to hope that the Republicans get
thrown out on their asses in the next election and the
Democrats decide that returning to the Constitution will sell better
than continuing the Permanent State of Yellowalertness.
Given the previous Clinton Administration's behavior,
I don't expect the Hillary Clinton Administration to do any better.
I don't think the US normally lets you have two passports,
or if they do they almost certainly have the same number.
But at least during the 1980s, Israel would be happy to give you
a separate piece of paper with to carry with your passport that
they'd stamp when you entered and left instead of stamping the
passport itself.  I don't remember if I did that or if I decided
not to worry about it because I'd visited the Arab countries
before going to Israel and didn't expect to get back any time soon.

@_date: 2005-10-30 01:31:27
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] more on U.S. passports to receive    
They've said they'll fall back on the traditional
"If we can't read the passport it's invalid and you'll need to
replace it before we'll let you leave the country" technique,
just as they often do with expired passports and sometimes
do with just-about-to-expire passports if you're a
Suspicious-Acting Person like Dave del Torto.
If you want to damage the RFID of a passport you're playing with,
microwave ovens should do just fine.
I don't know if Rivest's RFID-blocker chips use the same
frequency or codespace as the passport RFIDs,
but you could also leave one of them in the back of your passport.
I'd be surprised if you could put out enough energy to cook
the passport RFIDs of people walking by at normal speed
without also causing lots of other electrical problems.

@_date: 2005-09-03 21:49:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [syverson@itd.nrl.navy.mil: Re: Tor on USB] 
>Though, you can just skip all that, walk in to Starbucks, sit down, and
How does TOR feel about NAT and various firewall things?
I've been at hotels where I can't even get my ipsec VPN to work.

@_date: 2005-09-07 10:46:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: UK: Don't smile for passport photos - face scanners limitations 
This'll probably apply to the UK's new National ID cards if they ever approve them.
'Don't smile for passport photos'
Tuesday, September 06, 2005
LONDON, England (AFP) - Britons are being told not to smile for photographs when applying for new passports to avoid confusing new security scanners introduced at airports worldwide, officials said yesterday.
Passport applicants from next week must keep their mouths closed and retain a neutral expression to meet new facial recognition technology being used in airport scanners, they said.
The new international requirements were announced in August 2003 as part of a process to enable production of new, more secure biometric "ePassports" with facial recognition technology, the United Kingdom Passport Service said on its website.
By 2008 it is hoped that fingerprint identification will also be used in Britain is among the first countries to implement the new requirements, a spokesman at the Home Office (interior ministry) said.
There were concerns that Britain would not meet the United States deadline for passport changes, which was brought forward in the wake of the September 11, 2001 terror attacks in the United States, the spokesman said.
Without the new ePassports, visitors would have to apply for visas, the spokesman said.
However, the United States has not been able to keep up with its own deadline, delaying it twice, leaving Britain enough time to implement the new requirements, he added.
The security scanners are reported to work by matching key points on the holder's face, such as the mouth and eyes, with the photograph.
The new rules, according to one report, say "photographs must show no shadows: your face looking straight at the camera, a neutral expression, with your mouth closed".
Eyes must be open and clearly visible, and there must be no sunglasses, tinted glasses or hair across the eyes, it added.

@_date: 2005-09-08 15:55:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [dave@farber.net: [IP] Internet phone wiretapping ("Psst!   
Budget?  But Mallory doesn't need to run *most* of the supernodes -
hitting just the current targets is good enough,
especially if the central sites or client software
can be tricked into not using encryption or using compromised keys.
Yup.  They say they use AES, and that they use RSA to set up session keys.
The main issue is that they don't document their protocols or crypto,
and of course the usual failures are bad protocol design,
which can break systems that do include strong crypto.
The use of RSA for session key setup instead of Diffie-Hellman is a
strong sign that they don't really have a clue...
If you're in the SF Bay Area, Skype is having a developer get-together
in Palo Alto on Thursday 9/22.

@_date: 2005-09-16 09:31:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Mass. Gov. Romney suggests Wiretapping Mosques, Domestic Spying 
Of course, had he suggested wiretapping Catholic churches
in Boston because there might be people raising funds
for terrorist groups like the IRA,
he'd have been run out of town on a rail.
Of course this month it's Protestants who are doing
the terrorism in Northern Ireland, and the IRA's gone
fairly quiet, but in the past it might have been effective.
Here in San Francisco nobody'd suggest tapping churches
except to find peace groups or immigrant support groups;
the bars on Geary street are where the IRA fundraisers go.
WASHINGTON -- Governor Mitt Romney raised the prospect of
wiretapping mosques and conducting surveillance of
foreign students in Massachusetts,
as he issued a broad call yesterday for the federal government
to devote far more money and attention to domestic intelligence gathering.
In remarks that caused alarm among civil libertarians and
advocates for immigrants rights,
Romney said in a speech to the Heritage Foundation
that the United States needs to radically rethink
how it guards itself against terrorism.
... As he ponders a potential run for president in 2008,
Romney has positioned himself as a homeland security expert: ....

@_date: 2005-09-16 11:34:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: MIT talk: Special-Purpose Hardware for Integer   
Eran Tromer of Weizmann Institute gave a talk at MIT on
special-purpose factoring machines,
and Intrepid Reporter Bob Hettinga summarized to Perry's List.
------- Forwarded Message
Forwarded by Steve Bellovin -
Open to the DATE:    TODAY * TODAY * TODAY * WEDNESDAY, Sept. 14 2005
TIME:    4:00 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.
PLACE:   32-G575, Stata Center, 32 Vassar Street
TITLE:   Special-Purpose Hardware for Integer Factoring
SPEAKER: Eran Tromer, Weizmann Institute
Factoring of large integers is of considerable interest in
cryptography and algorithmic number theory. In the quest for
factorization of larger integers, the present bottleneck lies in the
sieving and matrix steps of the Number Field Sieve algorithm. In a
series of works, several special-purpose hardware architectures for
these steps were proposed and evaluated.
The use of custom hardware, as opposed to the traditional RAM model,
offers major benefits (beyond plain reduction of overheads): the
possibility of vast fine-grained parallelism, and the chance to
identify and exploit technological tradeoffs at the algorithmic level.
Taken together, these works have reduced the cost of factoring by many
orders of magnitude, making it feasible, for example, to factor
1024-bit integers within one year at the cost of about US$1M (as
opposed to the trillions of US$ forecasted previously). This talk will
survey these results, emphasizing the underlying general ideas.
Joint works with Adi Shamir, Arjen Lenstra, Willi Geiselmann, Rainer
Steinwandt, Hubert K?pfer, Jim Tomlinson, Wil Kortsmit, Bruce Dodson,
James Hughes and Paul Leyland.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 2005-09-28 19:24:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [arma@mit.edu: Re: Wikipedia & Tor] 
One way to build a psuedo-pseudonymous mechanism to hang off of Tor
that would be easy for the Wikipedians to deal with
would be to have a server that lets you connect to it using Tor,
log in using some authentication protocol or other,
then have it generate different outgoing addresses based on your ID.
So user  gets to initiate connections from 10.0.0.37,
   user  gets to initiate connections from 10.0.1.2, etc.
The reason to use Tor mechanisms is to make connection
potentially easier by reducing the number of mechanisms a client needs;
the reason to use different IP addresses is for Wikipedia's convenience.
It's mainly useful in environments where you can use private address space,
so if you're running it on a Tor-friendly location as opposed to
Wikipedia's rack space, you might want to tunnel it across the Internet
through something other mechanism such as GRE/L2TP/IPSEC/etc.

@_date: 2006-04-11 13:22:17
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Details on the AT&T/NSA wiretapping] 
PGP might still be "crypto where it doesn't belong", but VPNs aren't -
not only do big companies use them extensively for home workers,
but small companies are much more likely to use VPNs than
to set up frame relay networks these days.
It's amazing how something that used to be a cutting-edge
technology and civil liberties issue has become a
standard tool for daily commuting for much of the workforce.
VPNs are also used for connections between companies,
but for most of my (big-company) customers,
they're primarily used for workers at home or on the road,
especially since most of the country has broadband.
Meanwhile, the _really_ popular encrypted P2P is Skype.
It's not the world's best crypto (mainly due to
poor choices of strong algorithms, e.g. RSA instead of DH),
and being closed-source you can never be too sure what's happening,
but it's Pretty Good, and extremely widespread for home users.

@_date: 2006-04-18 15:25:14
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Tagging AF1 
>>> Democrats with _Photoshop_, but it _is_ a nice picture...

@_date: 2006-08-04 15:55:13
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Collecting entropy in headless systems 
Lots of motherboards have audio on them, so depending on
what you mean by "semi-headless" that may be a noise source.
Add a microphone and overdrive it...

@_date: 2006-08-26 21:59:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "A million bucks in stolen calls"...Details 
Go check out AT&T Internet Protect.
AT&T started it as a research project a few years ago,
logging traffic at AT&T peering points, and it's grown to cover
more of the network, and customers can subscribe to
summaries and analysis of the traffic data.
It logs to&from IP addresses, protocol, to&from ports,
timestamp, and maybe another field or two like DSCP/ToS
or TCP syn/ack bits or whatever.
and yes, there's a big honkin' custom database backend.
I don't know which data they keep for how long,
though it's at least a month for some of the data.
If you remember the EFF suit about AT&T helping NSA eavesdroppers,
the descriptions of the "secret" equipment all sound pretty
much like the stuff AT&T's had in public sales brochures for
a few years, except for the issue of how much access
NSA gets to the database.
 From a research perspective, one of the biggest problems is
how to make any sense of that much data and present it in
some sort of useful format.  One of the measurements that
seems to be really valuable is looking at what percentage
of traffic is a given protocol, either by bytes/packets/flows,
and how much that's changed in the last day/week/month.
For instance, back when the Slammer worm came out,
there were half a dozen events over the preceding week
that were big spikes in UDP 1434, so we knew to build blocking filters.
So there'll be a lot of reports like "there's been a big increase
in traffic on TCP Port 139", with analysis like
"it's related to this week's latest Microsoft vulnerability,
and it seems to be a widely distributed search for targets", or
"most of it's from the X virus, with a bit left over from the Y virus", or
"it's a very focused 10 Gbps attack on a gamer's DSL line
coming from the dorms at X university,
with a bit of collateral damage if you're nearby."
Some of the information is similar to what you'd get from
McAfee or SANS, but it's got a different perspective because
of the scale of traffic measurement.

@_date: 2006-02-14 19:58:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: faa.gov flight info to your cellphone 
So I'm sitting in the airport listening to the latest
Vice Presidential Hunter Safety Program TV news,
and there's a commercial about the FAA's  website
which lets you sign up to get near-real-time airport status information,
including giving them your cellphone number to get updates.
It looks fairly innocuous (and says to contact your airline
for details about your specific flight, so it may not be fully operational),
and it also has a pointer to which is the TSA's site for getting estimated papers-in-order wait time.
Are these purely honest services (maybe)?
Or are the TSA Internal Passport folks tracking travellers
who provide their info (maybe, maybe not, but if not,
they'll certainly start abusing them once they realize they can)?

@_date: 2006-01-20 07:59:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: more on Search queries *can* contain personal information 
Lauren commented on the wide range of things that people search for,
and it keeps getting wider as Google and other search engines
add features.  I regularly type in names, phone numbers, addresses,
and lat/longs, IP addresses, AS numbers, patent numbers, Cisco part
numbers, etc., sometimes to find maps, or businesses, or phone book
information, and there are a number of websites I use for business
for which Google is a much more effective search tool than the site's
own indexes.  Sometimes I've even typed in my own name when looking
for cached versions of mailing list articles in the distant past
(non-specific ego-surfing isn't very useful if your name's not
sufficiently unique - AltaVista had over 50,000 hits for people
with similar names when it first came out - but there are times that
specific searches are useful.)
As somebody who regularly used Google during the specified period,
do I have a right to object to the court if Gonzales wants my data?
I hereby declare any phone numbers, addresses, and medical information
in my searches to be Confidential, though the subpoena doesn't allow
the recipients to declare their entire document as Confidential.
Furthermore, the subpoena indicates that for every document not
produced by Google due to confidentiality or trade secrecy, the
respondents want the authors' and recipients' names, addresses, dates,
etc. - but for this type of information, that disclosure includes
the confidential portion and more, not less.
Gonzales et al. allege that they're looking for information about the
effectiveness of web filters as a tool for protecting children, so they
want to look at popular search terms to see what people are looking at.
But if I search for a term like "Scooter Libby", am I looking for
information about him as an friend, or a Republican Henchperson,
or a well-known pornographer?  His original request wanted _all_ the
search terms, including my attempts to find relatives' current mailing
addresses, and makes it available to all attorneys and employees of the
Department of Justice who are involved in the case - but that's all of
them, given Gonzales's War on Obscenity, and nothing in the subpoena
forbids them from making other uses of the information, such as using
my searches for medical marijuana information for Drug War purposes.
Brad Templeton talks about issues of identifying IP addresses, and the
Tor project certainly helps - but there are other web surfing privacy
tools, like The Anonymizer and other proxies, which are generally
faster, more scalable, and effective at protecting content, though
they're still susceptible to subpoenas for any information that
they may have retained.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-07-07 00:15:59
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Tongan Prince and Princess killed in Menlo Park traffic   
Prince Tu'ipelehake, his wife Princess Kaimana, and their driver were killed
on a Menlo Park highway when hit by a drag racer.
Meanwhile, the king is 88 and in bad health.

@_date: 2006-07-13 17:34:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Leichtenstein Bicentennial 
One of our favorite local pseudonym's home tax haven
just celebrated its 200th anniversary -
apparently Napoleon created it as a separate country in 1806.

@_date: 2006-07-28 21:17:50
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cell Phone Picture Called Obstruction Of Justice 
At 03:13 PM 7/28/2006, Steve Schear wrote to Cypherpunks:
It's an article about a kid in Philly who used his cell phone
to photograph a bunch of police, and was hauled off to jail
and threatened with being charged with
obstruction of justice and a number of other things,
including breaking "a new law that prohibits people
from taking pictures of police with cell phones."
After about an hour, his parents got him out,
with police saying that he was lucky because there was
no supervisor on duty.   The ACLU says there's no such new law.
No big surprise.  Cops routinely lie,
and they often beat up photographers and smash cameras.
The time I was arrested for photographing police,
who were harassing a friend of mine and stealing his car radio,
it was before the Rodney King case,
and I was using a camera with real chemical film in it.
Somehow the film got exposed to light and the camera got
broken a bit before they gave it back.
Unfortunately, there was a supervisor on duty
(he'd been at the scene of the alleged crime),
so I did get charged with something,
which got dropped after I paid for a lawyer and
the case came up for trial.
Supervisors lie just as much as regular police -
don't believe anything they tell you about court procedures :-)
My friend's case did get to trial - the police did lots of lying
on the witness stand, but unfortunately his car registration
really _had_ expired, and since that charge stuck
they also got to bust him for a burned-out taillight.
And these cops were just local boys and girls -
John Young gets to have Feds lie to him...
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2006-06-15 14:15:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: RuBee RFID alternative penetrates tinfoil hats 
RuBee is a new tagging standard that mostly uses magnetic rather
than radio signals, making it better at penetrating metal and liquids
which are common in warehouse environments where RFID would be useful.
Range is about 10-50 feet.  Frequencies are below 450 MHz.
The main drawback compared to RFID is that it's slower,
about 10 reads per second instead of 100-200.

@_date: 2006-03-04 10:30:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: telco network security con 
They are fun to see, and I don't think they have a problem with photographs.
Their web page is at  and most of the good pictures
are under "Deployments".
They do quarterly exercises around the US, which include a certain
amount of showing them to tourists (i.e. the sales people get
to bring in customers to see the cool stuff, along with
running seminars about why you need to buy more telecom
to support your business disaster recovery needs.)

@_date: 2006-03-15 09:49:11
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: /. [PGP Creator's Zfone Encrypts VoIP] 
SIP is no longer quite "simple", but it's certainly simpler and more powerful than H.323.
It looks a lot like an IM system.
The basic model is client/server, with servers that can proxy requests to other servers,
where the job of a server is to provide presence service so that
clients can find each other, and actual media channels are client-to-client.
(This does mean that you sometimes need to tunnel through NAT and firewalls.)
Because servers can proxy requests to other servers,
it's no longer a simple hierarchy model.
And most SIP clients support direct client-to-client connections -
as long as you figure out the destination user's address yourself if you don't have a server,
and don't mind not having a server to tell you who's calling, reject junk callers, etc.
A popular approach is to have an IP PBX that uses SIP functions to
listen to IP phones or IP video, talk to other IP PBXs,
and talk to telco SIP servers to reach old telco phones,
(alternatively to support traditional telco lines using hardware on the PBX),
and also to talk to other servers like conference bridges,
voicemail, or voicemail-to-email gateways.
The two main pre-SIP standards our there are H.323, which is a simpler
client-server model that reuses large amounts of ugly ISDN protocols,
and Cisco's SCCP (aka "Skinny") which is a simpler pre-H.323 protocol.
There are a number of different SIP server types out there
- Asterisk IP PBX is a free open-source application that runs on Linux.
         Most of the development is funded by Digium,
         a company that sells hardware like telco interface boards for PCs,
         including T1, single-line telco interfaces, and single-line phone interfaces, etc.
- VOIP servers built into routers.  Cisco mostly uses Skinny, but they'll do SIP "real soon".
- Old PBX vendor PBXs with IP boards - mostly H.323, with SIP support emerging.
- Centralized SIP servers that support sites with IP phones and no servers -
         This includes routers from Cisco, etc., as well as
         specialized servers from vendors like Sylantro and Acme Packets.
         In the pre-SIP world, you generally don't mix site-based servers
         like Asterisk and centralized servers, because you don't need both,
         except for things like Cisco SRST failure-mode support in routers,
         but since SIP supports proxies, you may have a local server
         that does your basic presence service and centralized servers for - Some people are playing with Distributed Hash Tables instead of real servers.
As far as encryption goes, SIP does most of its signalling with
an HTTP-like protocol that you can run over TLS,
and does media support with RTP (which can be the secure or non-secure Unfortunately, far too many SIP servers don't handle the crypto negotiations,
not only do they not burn the horsepower to do signalling over TLS,
they also don't help the clients exchange keys.

@_date: 2006-05-16 13:46:57
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fwd: Some legal trouble with TOR in France 
Hey, if you're going to feed the trolls, might as well feed them something Does it bare investigation, or bear it :-) ?
And of course there's no need for government FUD in a cypherpunks environment,
since there has always been plenty of volunteer work by the private sector.

@_date: 2006-05-17 22:54:55
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: NS&AT&T 
Nah, they stopped monitoring us years ago,
when Tim May had been gone long enough that we stopped talking about him :-)

@_date: 2006-05-18 12:14:01
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: AT&T Cable Modem Traceroutes Re: NS&AT&T 
Your traceroutes went to the east coast because that's the
closest peering point to most of the destination networks you were going to,
and BGP mainly works with hop counts unless you do a lot of tweaking.
AT&T never really ran the cable TV IP networks themselves
when they bought the cable companies - it was still the different
cable company operating folks that did most of it,
and really they knew a lot more about Pay-Per-View than Internet data,
as you might guess from the Don't-Even-Think-About-Running-Servers rules.
The level of lack of integration was such that even though
most of the cable companies had huge infrastructures of dark fiber
along their cable rights-of-way, we weren't able to use that
to sell access services to customers until the last few months
before Wall Street made us sell the cablecos and give the money back.
AT&T did provide them a bunch of wholesale backbone service -
I don't know most of the details, and probably couldn't tell you if I did
because of the usual customer-confidentiality rules.
But you've got to remember that 2002 is a long time ago compared to the
current Internet peering relationships.
Public Peering back then still mostly happened at the MAEs and NAPs,
and still mattered back then, though most of the bigger ISPs
did private peering for the bulk of their traffic..
I don't remember if everything had moved to Equinix yet.
I don't know who  peered with other than AT&T -
we peered with them in 9 or 10 cities, and typically peered
with the really big ISPs in half a dozen cities each and
the other big ISPs in 3-4 cities each,
but I don't know how many of them  peered with.
(AT&T peered with  in Chicago, but that doesn't mean that
 peered with, say, UUnet there even if they could have.)
AT&T had some OC192 backbone trunks in 2002,
but mostly OC48 on big routes and there was still a fair amount of OC12,
and most of the peering was at OC12 or OC3,
which was still big back then.
(We were the first carrier to run OC192 trunks, having scooped Sprint
by a day or two, but for the first few months it was really
a demo link from NYC-Boston that they only ran in the daytime for PR
because the Cisco cards didn't really work yet...)
Bouncing around Chicago 3-4 times was entirely no surprise -
until carriers got really big hub switches in,
you'd typically see at least three hops at any POP,
one to an inbound router, one to a hub, and one to an outbound router,
and the reason you don't see that today is that
a lot of it's happening as Layer 2 Ethernet switching
or Layer 2.5 MPLS switching depending on the carrier,
so Traceroute doesn't know about it.
And if you're going from carrier to carrier, you'll see more.
And then there's annoying weirdness like
connections from Carrier A in Denver going to Carrier B in Denver
via Seattle and San Francisco because they don't peer directly there,
but carrier B peers with Carrier C who's got an OC48 to Carrier A
in Seattle and only an OC12 in SF so they hand it off there,
and Carrier A connects Denver to SF and CHicago but not Seattle :-)

@_date: 2006-05-19 13:14:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman Re: UK Government to force handover of   
For stored material, that may be useful,
but for communications, it's the wrong model.
Too many online applications currently use
RSA encryption to transfer an encrypted key,
which is vulnerable to later disclosure,
instead of using Diffie-Hellman key exchange
and some signature algorithm (RSA, EG, whatever),
for which compromising the key doesn't expose previous communications,
only exposes the user to MITM attacks,
is much easier to argue against disclosure of,
and of course is much easier to replace (blocking MITM with the compromised Email messages are an appropriate use of RSA-encrypted keys,
but any online two-way communications,
including VOIP, IPSEC, web forms, and transmission of email,
really ought to be using Diffie-Hellman instead.
How many of the popular tools support it or could be configured to do so?
In most cases, it's probably not hard - you mainly need to choose the
right options from standard packages, and make the DH versions the
preferred method instead of a fallback.

@_date: 2006-05-22 17:29:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [gnu@toad.com: May 24: National Day of Outrage at   
If anybody's planning to go to the San Francisco protest at
"AT&T's main San Francisco headquarters at 666 Folsom St.",
they'll be disappointed or confused.
That building's been closed long enough that they've
taken the Credit Union ATM machine away from the front entrance :-)
(This is frustrating, because it means that the nearest one
is now about 8 blocks away from my SF office instead of 1 block.)
There are three or four other AT&T / SBC buildings near there,
one of which has a nice big plaza and few windows,
and another of which had a Cypherpunks meeting there once in the 90s.
I'm unlikely to attend - I've got things to do down in the south bay.
And unfortunately, IMHO their accuracy on other issues is about
on par with their directions.  They've got the Ballpark right,
but it's big enough that it's hard to miss,
and our corporate leaders do need yelling at for being boneheads,
but they don't appear to understand the technical issues with
network neutrality.

@_date: 2006-05-24 13:22:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Vectrotel tri-band GSM cellphone does DH+AES 
Looks a lot like, if they're not careful,
they could easily repeat some of PPTP's mistakes and
use the same keystream in both directions for an XOR stream cypher,
instead of using AES as a block cypher?

@_date: 2006-05-30 15:58:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Clips] Liechtenstein Bicentennial 
Pictures and history of the current prince and his wife.

@_date: 2006-11-05 02:10:28
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks make the OED :-) 
James Gleick's NYT article on the OED mentions "cypherpunk"
among the words recently added to the dictionary.
The page requires registration to access, though there are enough
popular pseudonyms that have done so; I don't know if any of the
"cypherpunks/somepassword" combinations still work;
I've been using one of the no-response email systems for my login.
I don't have a subscription to the online dictionary to
see what they said about it.

@_date: 2006-11-17 00:37:42
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "V" Meets Secret Service 
Guy Fawkes's Day was on a Sunday this year,
so he waited until Monday to petition the government
for redress of grievances.
The article has pictures and a URL for video surveillance\\\\\\streaming.
V Meets The Secret Service
Accepted As The Vox Populi
On Monday, November 6, 2006, V visited security check points at the White House, the main Treasury, IRS and Justice Department Buildings and the Capitol. Vs purpose was to deliver the Peoples Petitions for Redress of Grievances relating to the Governments violations of the war powers, tax, privacy and money clauses of the Constitution, and to inform key Government officials that at least 100 more Vs would be at their doorstep on November 14th expecting a response to the Petitions.
At the White House about a dozen Secret Service agents appeared on foot, bicycles and car to meet V. While virtuously assuring the security of the state, they were curious about the image of V and asked many questions. Most, when asked if they had seen the movie V for Vendetta, smiled their When an agent asked if V would remove his mask for identification purposes, V explained that would defeat the very purpose of the mask, which was to give expression to the fact that the nation was becoming a police state, that too many people were becoming afraid to be identified as dissenters or protestors, and that this was not in the long term interest of a free people.  The agents accepted the veracity of Vs message and refrained from veering V from his vanguard visit as the vox populi.
Many law enforcement agents dutifully responded to the first impression security concerns caused by Vs dramatic and startling presence at the seat of governmental power. All but one who confronted V were generally pleasant, professional and ultimately respectful of the voraciously valued Rights of peaceful protest, dissent and Petition that V was claiming and Unfortunately, there was one agent who, either out of vanity, vice, or emotional instability, believed his vows of service and badge would vindicate his use of violence where clearly none was justified.
One Secret Service agent near the White House, even after he and all the other agents had recognized that the toy daggers in Vs belt were plastic and part of the costume, and despite the clearly peaceful and non-threatening behavior of V, the officer forcefully seized the plastic daggers from Vs belt.
After a bit of mental gymnastics between the agent and V, amid the growing public spectacle and peer pressure from his fellow officers (who voiced their agreement with Vs logic and assertion of his Rights), V eventually prevailed over the vexed officer and succeeded in securing the return of the toy daggers.
The crowd by the White House gates also included activist Cindy Sheehan and her supporters who were demonstrating nearby and had gathered to observe the incident between V and the Secret Service. They let out a cheer as the SS agent stood down and returned the plastic knives.
At Vs request, a Secret Service agent called up to the White House to ask if someone would come to the gate to accept service of the papers. After 20 minutes or so, word came to the gate house that the papers should be mailed to the President. This was done the next day.
Watch the streaming video documenting Vs visit to the Capital
and his valiant efforts to Petition the officials of the Government.
Try the high resolution link first: 250k cable
If you only have a dial-up connection use this link: 56k dial-up
After departing from the White House, V walked around the White House compound to the security checkpoint at the Treasury Department.  Treasury accepted service of the papers from V without incident. Other than the agent at the security check point who instructed V to use his phone to call the mail room, the only other person to speak with V was Mr. Lynch from the mail room.
The IRS building is apparently still closed due to the flooding experienced last summer. The agents at the security check point informed V that the papers would have to be delivered to IRS at 500 North Capitol Street. Rather than do that, the papers were mailed to the IRS Commissioner the next day.
At the Department of Justice several armed agents with Homeland Security patches on their arms, as well as DOJ security personnel met V. They too were very curious. There ensued another prolonged face-to-mask exchange of news, information, affirmations and assurances. Eventually, the officers determined that V and the camera person were not violating the DC code dealing with the wearing of masks on the streets of the city, or their refusal to produce identification, and that they were not a security threat. The protective security forces and agents from the DOJ arranged for a Mr. Burroughs to accept service of the Petitions for Redress for the agency.
Note: The most disturbing part of Vs interaction with the law enforcement authorities at DOJ occurred when the Homeland Security agent in charge asked V what was the purpose behind Vs presence at DOJ. V began to explain the First Amendment freedoms and the Right to Petition. Almost immediately the agent said, in effect, Youre pulling my leg. You are trying to pull a fast one. Im not falling for the garbage. I dont want to hear it. At that point the agent phoned the DC police and learned that V was not violating any municipal laws. After asking V where he was going next, he told V he was free to go.
At the Cannon House Office Building, the agents of the Capitol Police who were manning the security check point told V they were instructed not to let him into the building. They said the papers would have to be delivered to a Pitney Bowes facility at 119 D Street. The papers were mailed the next day.
At the Hart Senate Office Building, the agents of the Capitol Police said someone from Majority Leader Frists office would have to come to the security check point to accept service of the papers. V was given the phone number of Senator Frists office. The young man who answered the phone said he was the only person there and could not possibly leave the office. The papers were mailed the next day.
As V and the videographer walked from one location to the next, he met and conversed with many people. About half of the people smiled; some said they had seen the movie. About half clearly did not know what to make of V and avoided eye contact.
Some people were interested in conversing with V, including a group of 6-10 college age young people who were waiting in a line to tour the Capitol. During the conversation, V said he wanted to quiz them on their knowledge of the Rights covered by the First Amendment. V asked if they could name the five freedoms guaranteed by the First Amendment. Two or three immediately said Speech. After a moment or two one said, Worship God. V restated that freedom for the young man. Then another said Guns. V corrected him.
That was as far as the young people could go in answering the question. V then engaged the young people in a discussion of all five of the freedoms and the four outstanding Petitions for Redress. The young people stayed with the conversation, expressing an interest in learning more, until they had to move along in the line.
All in all, Mondays dry run was beneficial. All local and federal law enforcement agencies in DC have now been introduced to V. They now know that on November 14th there will be more than 100 Vs rallying at Lafayette Park and the Reflecting Pool and marching from one rally to the other along the streets of DC, stopping at various federal buildings to await a response to certain Petitions for Redress.
All local and federal law enforcement agencies in DC now know the purpose of these events is to show peaceful support for the First Amendment Right to Petition Government for Redress of Grievances and to give expression to the fact that too many Americans are beginning to fear the Government and that that is unhealthy to the longevity of a free people and our Republic.
All participants are asked to arrive at Lafayette Park between 11 and 11:30 am on the 14th. The event starts at NOON. The group will wait up to 1 hour for a representative of President Bush to appear and to tell the group when they might expect to receive a response to the Petitions for Redress of If no such representative appears, the participants will move to the front entrance of the Treasury Department where they will wait up to = hour for a representative of Secretary Paulson to appear. If no such representative appears, the group will move to the Justice Department where they will wait up to = hour for a representative of Attorney General Gonzales to appear. If no such representative appears, the group will move to the Reflecting Pool by the Capitol where they will wait up to 1 hour for a representative of Speaker Hastert or Majority Leader Frist to appear..
We have reserved 8 rooms for 16 people at an Extended Stay Inn for the night of November 13, 2006. The Inn is located at 205 North Breckinridge Place, Alexandria, VA  22312. The cost is $50 per person per night, double occupancy, i.e., $100 per room per night. The WTP team will be staying at the Inn.
Please send an email to Bob at givemeliberty.org if you want to reserve one of the rooms.

@_date: 2006-10-16 10:29:09
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: News article: U.S. Cryptographers: 'FrpX-K5jE-Oc4n-e5Dn' 
Recent Cryptography news from The Onion:
U.S. Cryptographers: 'FrpX-K5jE-Oc4n-e5Dn'
October 11, 2006 | Issue 4241
WASHINGTON, DC-In a carefully phrased, 128-bit encoded announcement that has challenged U.S. security agency procedures, top officials of the National Cryptography and Information Security Council warned that "FrpX-K5jE-Oc4n-e5Dn" if "Ha4d-87gH-uiH3-gB5r-g8Bh" late Monday.
"It may be true, as these codemakers have stated here, that our nation faces 'm7Hk-sJkd-jJk73-4osd-m6Kh,'" Department of Homeland Security head Michael Chertoff told reporters in his plaintext response Tuesday. "But in our defense, I would hardly call our situation 'K5jE-Oc4n.'"
The NCISC declined further comment, saying only that its remarks were meant as constructive criticism, and the CIA, NSA, and FBI may have misinterpreted the message.

@_date: 2006-10-19 17:00:40
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Client host rejected: 85/8 banned for abuse 
The whole /8?  I'd certainly say it's a lot -
it's not even a single Class A owned by a carrier like AT&T or UUNet,
but has a number of different ISPs in different countries owning
chunks of it.  leitl.org has a /24 that's part of an ISP /18 in Germany,
and I saw some Swisstel in another /18 there.
That's the kind of global overkill I'd expect from an
irresponsible spam-blocker list like SPEWS,
and even for them that would be pretty excessive.

@_date: 2006-10-19 17:09:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: AZ State Atty General seizing wire transfers over $500 
has an article saying that
the Arizona State Attorney General's office is
seizing wire transfers over $500 to "block human- and drug-smuggling rings."
They've taken over $12M from over 11,000 interstate transactions,
and claim to have arrested over 100 people smugglers.
"Assistant Attorney General Cameron Holmes said
prosecutors use a computer algorithm to review
every money transfer sent into Arizona.
He said these tend to be in amounts between $800 and $1,500,
usually in final payments to smugglers for
ferrying people into the United States. "
The stolen money goes into a special fund where
victims who can prove their money was legitimate
can sometimes get it back, if they don't mind
spending more money than the transfer was worth on legal costs.

@_date: 2006-10-20 21:50:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Client host rejected: 85/8 banned for abuse 
It's easy to attract a lot of spam - luck of the draw,
or having your name widely spread in archives,
or having ever provided free email services.
Also overkill, but highly effective.
Greylisting turns out to be a big big win -
most zombieware doesn't ever retry, so you lose that spam.
Another popular spammer trick lately has been to
hijack unused address space, usually unused small blocks in
larger allocations, spamming madly for a few minutes,
then dropping the BGP advertisement so nobody can traceroute back,
and never reusing addresses so you don't care if it's blacklisted.
Greylisting totally protects you from this technique,
because a typical half-hour delay means that the spammer's gone,
but Alif's techniques are likely to lead to the legitimate space
getting blacklisted, while the spammer is living behind some
entirely different ISP that openly accepts bogus BGP requests.
Another defense against this spammer trick, if you've got a
big enough network connection to accept full BGP routes
(i.e. you're a medium-large service provider, but not a home system)
is to not accept any email from a BGP address block that
has existed for fewer than 24 hours or some similar threshold
that's long enough to make address thieves go away or get traced,
but short enough to not bother legitimate email much
("453 The Wizard Says Go Away and Come Back Tomorrow")
The ISP where I get most of my email lets users pick countries
or regions to reject mail from, using lists that are more precise
than "burn the /8".  I decided a few years ago to reject all mail
from China, Korea, Brazil, and Argentina, and that cut out
more than half my spam load, and I didn't know anybody from those
countries; I'll accept mail from Japan and Israel but it gets extra filtering,
since I do know some people there but it's mostly spam
(unfortunately, they don't have an option to filter by character set;
anything in alphabets I don't read is highly likely to be spam,
though at work I do get email in mixed English and Japanese or Chinese...)
A _real_ nuclear glass approach would be to start advertising
BGP routes for the addresses that spam you, which would drop them
off the net for anybody who's within a few hops of you,
and wouldn't even give you much extra network traffic,
because it would kill the TCP handshake responses from
any new email sessions.  I work at a Tier 1 ISP,
which would mean that it would be blocked from most of the US,
and somebody with a LINX account could do the same for half of Europe,
but fortunately they don't give me the keys on days that
the spammers have been makin' the ganglia twitch...
and you could accomplish the same thing non-destructively
with a block-list if enough people trusted your service.
In reality a legitimate ISP would never do this or permit their
users to do it, because it could not only cause chaos for the
entire Internet, but it would trivially blow through the
route-cached capacity of most of the routers on the Internet.
There was an event a decade or so ago when some small ISP
announced that their T1 line was the best route to reach
everything at Sprint or MAE-West or something,
so about 1/3 of the traffic on the Internet was trying
to get through there before the line smoked,
and most ISPs put in a lot of route protection then.
The address-space hijackers shouldn't be able to do it either,
but there are enough ISPs that are sloppy about managing
route advertisements that they get away with it.

@_date: 2006-10-23 17:29:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Fire at Fort Meade 
Fire strikes Army counter-espionage building
6-alarm blaze breaks out at Fort Meade, Md.
The Associated Press
Updated: 9:29 p.m. PT Oct 20, 2006
FORT MEADE, Md. - A fire at the Army base that houses the National Security Agency heavily damaged a building containing sensitive materials Friday afternoon, base officials said.
There were no serious injuries, officials at Fort Meade said.
The six-alarm fire at Fort Meade started shortly before 4 p.m. in a building whose contents are sensitive in nature, said Fort Meade spokeswoman Jennifer Downing.
The building contains the 902nd Military Intelligence Group Command, the Armys largest counter-espionage unit, according to the groups Web site.
Lt. Col. James Peterson, director of emergency services at Fort Meade, would not say what kind of work was going on inside Building 4554.
Strong winds hampered efforts to contain the blaze at the three-story brick building, which was evacuated. Part of the roof collapsed onto a lower floor before the fire was contained.
We dont really know the cause. We just know it started on the roof of the structure, Peterson said.
Minor construction was under way in the area of the roof where the fire started, Peterson said. There was no damage estimate.
The Army base, between Baltimore and Washington, has about 39,000 employees.
) 2006 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
URL:

@_date: 2007-05-08 01:47:43
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: FW: End of RSA via fast factoring  
Note the Soviet Union domain name :-)
The important sentence is
"but exists a short way with fixed complexity for implementation of hypothesis ("plan B") -
but, by ethical reason, I'll not post it here."
He demonstrates the hard way to do factoring, and says there's an easy method,
but isn't willing to explain it.  However, if you watch the cards carefully you can see which one has the Red Queen under it, so put your bets on the In fact, NP-ishly hard problems do work this way - if you know the answer,
you can verify its correctness quickly, so all you need to do is
convince the Oracle to let you know the correct answer,
but unfortunately it can take an exponentially long period of beseeching
before Ms. Pythia will tell you what kind of oil your snake wants.

@_date: 2007-05-28 19:33:16
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [Dgcchat] major milestone for loom 
Hi!  If it's a major milestone, can you tell us what the system is,
and something about the difference between the old and new?
I don't have a login, and guessing trivial passwords didn't get me in,
and the "News" section mainly referred to bug fixes etc.
I'm guessing it probably has something to do with payments?

@_date: 2008-02-04 22:05:07
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: undersea cable cuts 
> Hadn't heard this was malicious ... you have a reference?
The fourth failure turned out not to be a cable cut,
just some kind of equipment power problem.
Certainly once the third cut happened,
things look pretty suspicious even if they don't turn out deserve it.
And there are different kinds of terrorists out there -
the ones that wear government uniforms (or wear cheap suits
but work for governments) don't always take the credit themselves.
Satellites have very limited bandwidth compared to fiber.
They may be ok for countries that don't have useful infrastructure,
like Iraq, Afghanistan, and most of Africa,
but they don't begin to replace the internet or private network connectivity
that was on the fiber systems that were cut;
I don't know how big the fourth cable was.

@_date: 2008-02-25 23:32:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: How long can you go with an expired key? 
When I've looked at OTR, it's basically an instant messaging client;
has anybody adapted it to carry email or other applications?
I'd describe it much more as "the death of PGP support for email".
When my laptop got stolen a couple of years ago,
I did the right thing and genned up new keys,
and installed current versions of PGP (the free-beer version of the commercial product)
(and its Eudora plugin.)  A few months later the PGP expired,
and since I hadn't been sending encrypted email to anybody in a while,
I'd forgotten the new long-enough-for-21st-century passphrase (:-),
so I haven't been able to revoke the keys sitting out on the keyserver.
Periodically Hugh bitches at me about not sending/accepting encrypted email,
and I suppose I should just install GPG, using cut&paste instead of the
friendly email plugin, since not only is PGP no longer supporting
non-corporate users much, but Qualcomm has stopped supporting Eudora.
Meanwhile, at work, MS Outlook has a reasonably friendly interface
for sending encrypted and/or signed email, at least to coworkers,
and I can't use it because our internal certificate authority
can't generate a certificate for "billstewart at att.com",
though it's happy to generate one for "ws5832 at att.com",
an internal address I have no intention of sending to any humans.
On the other hand, the P2P-punks community is burning something like
30-50% of the bandwidth on the internet.
And that IPSEC technology that was a cutting-edge civil rights issue in the 90s
has become a routine commodity; it's how I've commuted to work for a decade or so.

@_date: 2008-01-12 15:01:54
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Storm, Nugache lead dangerous new botnet barrage 
Encrypting the control channel isn't going to burn a lot of CPU;
hopefully the botnet doesn't need more than a few KB/hour of control,
and almost certainly it wouldn't need more than a few KB/sec of data
(such as spam-target email addresses), so encrypting it's low-horsepower.
The heavy-resource job of a bot is sending out lots of packets to targets,
whether it's spam email sessions or DDOS UDP packets,
and the limiting factor on that is upstream bandwidth, typically 128-768kbps.
On a modern CPU you could even encrypt that traffic if you wanted,
without the CPU breaking a sweat, though the only application I can see for is encrypted SMTP sessions if you're spamming somebody high-tech.
Most computers have enough spare CPU that they can burn it looking for
space aliens or folding proteins at home without noticing a performance hit;
the real trick on keeping resource consumption low enough to not be noticed
is managing upstream bandwidth so that you don't stifle http queries and TCP acks.

@_date: 2008-10-18 11:46:03
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Emanation Shielding with Music 
During the Clinton Administration is was Fleetwood Mac;
these days it's primarily country & western....
More seriously, spooks have done that kind of thing
for a long time - voices in a room will shake the windows a bit,
and that can theoretically be detected by bouncing
microwaves or ultrasonics or whatever off of them
(presumably easier to detect with metallic surfaces than glass),
and the music drowns that out.
Interesting.  On the other hand, back when I had experience
with TEMPEST rooms in the mid-80s, the leakage difficulties
weren't the main walls, but sealing all the joints;
a surprisingly small gap is enough to let signals out,
and leakage is wavelength-dependent.
Back then our computers were Vaxen running at
tens of MHz (though we usually tested
with higher frequencies) - now the computers are running
at tens of GHz, and I'd guess that shielding is a lot harder.

@_date: 2008-09-17 13:27:37
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: =?iso-8859-1?Q?Re:_India=E2=80=99s_Novel_Use_of_Brain__Scans?= 
Because it sounds Really Really Scientific!
That's why E-Meters work so well also!
(Oh, wait, you mean the courts are using pseudoscientific trash to
intimidate people because some scammer told them it'd get the results they Also, the article says that the proponents
say it could make waterboarding obsolete.
It can't - the purpose of waterboarding is to torture your enemy,
and to get him to accuse other people, and this doesn't do that;
neither one of them will give you true information,
and India's too civilized a place to use torture.

@_date: 2009-07-04 11:36:19
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Bush's DHS program continues under Obama 
Scott, Cpunks - While there certainly are serious problems with the
Obama Administration acting like the Bush Administration,
especially the Justice Department and National Security,
this doesn't appear to be one of them.
Try reading the WaPo article with the assumption that the
reporter doesn't understand the technology as well as you do...
i.e. the way you'd read most technology articles,
and try to guess what they're _actually_ talking about.
As far as I can tell, they're talking about Intrusion Detection,
trying to look at the traffic pointed to *.gov to find out
if it's safe or hostile traffic - not for political content,
but for viruses and malware and break-in attempts.
Because they're the NSA, they of course think they're the
smartest dudes in the business, and maybe they are or
maybe it's just ego - they at least have lots of practice
being attacked by well-funded attackers as well as random teenagers.
Remember that when they're talking "civilian" here,
they don't mean "citizens' home internet connectivity" -
they mean "Feds who wear suits, not uniforms";
the military has its own sets of network protection.
The real public-network question here is how deeply they're going to look into
the ISPs that are sending traffic to the feds through this system -
are they just checking whois records and block lists,
or are they also doing more intrusive checks on the people
who contact .gov?  If your kid's PC gets infected by a botnet
and starts sending spam to the White House, will the NSA come knocking,
or will your ISP just get a "please clean up yet another zombie" note?
Also, how deeply are they looking at content?
Are they going to use this to harass Feds doing politically sensitive
work that  doesn't share their political agendas?
Or are they really just looking for viruses and bad Javascript?
My guess is the latter, at least for the initial deployment.
It's just that with the culture of secrecy and abuse,
the civilian Feds may not trust them, plus it's crossing lines
into somebody else's bureaucratic turf.

@_date: 2009-11-08 21:58:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: managing and protecting nyms... 
Where are the archives??  We thought *you* had them!
With anonymous contributors, we don't know if it's one or many,
and it's hard to give any reputation except to individual postings,
though I suppose somebody could assert that he/she is the poster of a previous article.
On the other hand, Pseudonymous contributors can acquire reputation
rather more easily.   Some actually show up in person -
Lucky Green and Black Unicorn are notable,
and "Lawrence from Boulder" once came to a meeting without
anybody commenting out loud about whether he was L.Detweiler
until after he'd left (it was fun watching Eric Hughes do a double-take
when he realized who it had probably been.)
Detweiler was an especially valuable person to have had on the lists -
he raised questions about what identity is really about and how to deal with
rabid trolls several years before the September That Never Ended
and before spam was really widespread, and while I can't say we really
came up with good enough methodology, it was a good warmup.

@_date: 2009-11-10 18:36:15
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: managing and protecting nyms... 
Heh.  There's so much subversive low-quality crap out there from that Bill Stewart person
that there's no chance of cleaning up my act; better to stay employed at $TPC
so I don't have to explain to a new employer about why my mis-spent middle age
should be viewed as an asset and not a liability :-)
As it is, I've got a couple of sources of privacy
- Googling "Bill Stewart" gets you half a million hits, mostly for a jazz          If you've heard me drumming, you know that's not me :-)
- I've changed ISPs or email addresses every decade or two,
         plus some people decorrelate when some addresses have a . in the name and some don't.
At one point Eric Hughes or Tim May suggested that what you need to do to protect your reputation on line
(whether you're using a pseudonym or Ostensibly True Name)
is to have some kind of service constantly slandering you,
so any real accusations just get lost in the noise.
Of course, all of the Too Many Erics in the Eric Conspiracy
were really just pseudonyms, tentacles of Tim May with actors playing the part
when a physical body was needed, and it's well known that
Tim's father was a hamster and his mother smelled of elderberries.
Other than that, it's hard enough to keep all my Yahoo/Flickr/Google/YouTube accounts decorrelated,
since they keep buying each other and trying to squish your separate identities together.
And occasionally even those efforts run into problems - my zip code is 90210
for almost anybody who doesn't need to know my actual zip code,
and various vendors start telling me about the specials they're running at their store
in Beverly Hills or events in Greater LA.
                 Bill

@_date: 2010-12-04 13:16:23
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: U.S. officials deny technical takedown of WikiLeaks 
Well, if the spokescritters for the State Department or the DoD
are not aware of the conversations their departments are having,
I've got a good suggestion for a website where they can find out....

@_date: 2010-09-28 12:17:34
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Stanford 10/7/2010 -- Lessons from the Haystack Affair 
Potentially interesting lecture if you're in the Bay Area

@_date: 2011-02-19 15:22:26
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Nobody Wins a Nuclear War" But "Success" is Possible (fwd) 
Yeah.  Al-Qaeda and their ilk were really wimpy terrorists compared to forty years of "we can blow up the world N times over and we've got the crazy generals to do it!" nuclear terrorism.  I was a kid during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and one of my neighbors had dug up their back yard to put in a bomb shelter.
It was really freaky the first time I heard the Emergency Broadcast System come on the radio in the ?early 90s? and say "this is not a test" - they were using it for flood warnings during a storm, which is a sensible thing to do, but before that it had always been "this is a test of the 'let you know that the Russians and Americans are trying to blow up the world' alarm system", whether it was EBS or CONELRAD or whatever, so by the time they got to the "flooding" part, I'd already mentally been through the "WTF? The politicians haven't been saber-rattling at each other, is this some surprise attack?  How fast can I get home to my wife?" panic attack.  They'd probably been using it that way for several years, just not at times I'd been driving with the car radio on.

@_date: 2011-02-19 15:25:53
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: "Nobody Wins a Nuclear War" But "Success" is Possible (fwd) 
A friend of mine was in a rough airplane landing many years ago,
and after the pilot had gone through the usual steps of
"seat belts on, seat backs up, lean forward and
hold on to the seat in front of you" safety instructions,
she and half her fellow passengers responded with
"and kiss your ass goodbye", which is the punch line of the
hippie version of the American nuclear war education posters.

@_date: 2011-07-04 19:28:05
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Len Sassaman Posts 
Len was a young guy when he showed up.  He was 31 this year, so he would have been 19 in 1999, which is the earliest email I still have from him (though my archives for the 90s are pretty incomplete.)  In addition to the mailing lists, he was coming to the Bay Area Cypherpunks meetings while those were still happening, at least at Stanford.

@_date: 2011-07-04 19:35:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: About Maj. Variola, Ret... 
> Was there a digsig behind M.Vr's posts? ...
A random sample of Variola's posts from 2004-2005 doesn't show any digsigs.
For a pseudonym like Variola's, with the kinds of posts he wrote,
you'd expect to see that kind of disclaimer,
either posted by the primary user or forged by somebody else.

@_date: 2011-06-12 09:44:51
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: <nettime> Internet Digital Black Friday: First Bitcoin   
Surprisingly, there are lots of techies who can't spell (you'd think a field that requires deep attention to grammars and syntaxes in artificial languages would primarily attract people who can do the same in natural languages, but it's been obvious for decades that that's not close to universal), and there are techies whose native language isn't English, and there are spell checkers that will fix misspelled words inaccurately because they're not looking at grammar.)
And even if you can only access the service using Tor, that doesn't mean you can't set up Tor wrong, which was one of his points.  And while he mentioned that that kilo of coke you're being shipped may be coming from somebody the Feds are watching, people dealing in that kind of volume are more likely to be careful.  But people buying personal-use retail quantities of drugs, like the guy buying that 10-strip of acid?  They're more likely to be buying it from somebody who's not careful, or for that matter the dealer may be a Fed or an informant.

@_date: 2011-10-30 15:10:41
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Good free mildly-private email service? 
I'm looking for a free email service that isn't linked to one of the major I'd prefer one that doesn't make me provide my "real" email address to send some kind of confirmation code to (otherwise I need to string a couple of those together to get the amount of privacy I want.)
I don't need NSA-proof or even subpoena-proof, but I do want something that's not linkable to Google/Yahoo/Hotmail/OpenID/Disqus/Facebook/etc. (or fastmail or pobox, who I use for other services.)
I used to be able to use dodgeit.com for receive-only email, but they seem to be dead.
By the way, I've found one semi-convenient way to keep web-id accounts separate - I'm running VMware Player on my laptop, and keep separate virtual machines, so any conversations I have with Facebook are really really separate from anything else.  (I got tired of reading the news online and seeing different newspapers saying "Here are the articles your friends are reading today!".)  Some of this could be done with a chroot jail and/or separate Mozilla profiles, but this way I don't have to worry about Flash cookies or other new creative nonsense leaking around.   And it makes it easy to run Linux on my work Windows machine.)

@_date: 2011-09-05 13:04:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Security Theater and Police Competence for 9/11 anniversary 
Who brought plastic explosive into the Phoenix airport?  The police.   Who took it away, and where is it now?  They don't know.   Why is the airport still open, instead of being closed like it would be if somebody accidentally snuck a set of nail clippers through security?   Because it was the police that screwed up.
 Explosives stolen at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport
by Eddi Trevizo - Sept. 4, 2011 09:46 PM
The Arizona Republic
A container with explosive equipment has been stolen from Sky Harbor International Airport during a Phoenix police training exercise.
Police said the explosives were taken from a low-security area before screening checkpoints.
The explosives were stolen Sept. 2 about 2:30 p.m. and though police have combed the airport several times, the equipment has not been recovered.
"It is very stable and cannot be detonated without additional equipment and some degree of expertise," Sgt. Tommy Thompson, a police spokesman, said Sunday night.
Police described the container as a blue, soft-sided Igloo container with two half-pound tubes of Cast Booster explosives, which are commonly used in the mining industry.
The letters C and B are written in white letters on the bottom of the cooler and each explosive tube is about five inches tall and one and a half inches in diameter.
Police were conducting a routine training exercise with canines when the explosives were taken by an unknown person in Terminal 4 of the airport, said Thompson.
Officials said airport operations were not interrupted and that federal investigators have been notified.
"It is believed that these items were removed from the vicinity of the airport," said Thompson.
Anyone with information about the incident, or who knows the location of the explosives, is asked to call 602 262-6151 or Silent Witness at 480-WITNESS or 480-TESTIGO for Spanish.

@_date: 2011-09-05 22:18:10
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Rogue SSL certs were also issued for CIA, MI6, Mossad 
Yeah.  Now you can't trust anything you read on the CIA's website.  Bummer....

@_date: 2012-06-17 13:44:31
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Ethiopia criminalizes Skype? 
This isn't entirely surprising.  Aside from the traditional problem
of monopoly telecom companies not liking competition,
Ethiopia's been routinely wiretapping phone calls for years.
Back in the 90s, a Dutch friend of mine was doing development work in
Somaliland and Ethiopia, and the phone operator once interrupted
one of his calls to tell him to stop speaking Dutch,
and use some language the police could understand,
like English, Italian, Amharic, or one of the local languages.
He considered getting PGP for his email, but decided it was
more likely to give the police an excuse to confiscate his computers,
which they'd have done more for general corruption than actual politics.
         Bill Stewart

@_date: 2013-08-20 09:04:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, 
No, no, no, trafficking the drugs has traditionally been a CIA job.

@_date: 2013-08-25 21:12:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
It's not just traffic analysis, though that's another layer of the problem.
And it's not just the issue of PGP being hard to run on some phones, though that makes it a problem for users of those phones.
Phil's not just a cryptographer; he's primarily a service provider here.
If you assume that the NSA can come to you with a FISA court order overriding ECPA, saying
         "Give us every piece of information that anybody sends you,
         including your subscribers and outsiders who want to send email to them,
         any time any new bit of information arrives, Or Else!"
then you can't run a "secure" email service that accepts unencrypted email,
because what you have isn't secure against that threat model.
If the NSA and their rubber-stamping buddies at FISA aren't stepping way over the bright shiny constitutionality line,
you could run an email service that automatically PGP-encrypts any incoming message to a public key associated with the mailbox, and build a user interface for the mailbox client's device that's not totally annoying.
The fact that Phil and Jon say they can't run a service implies that the threat model includes mail in transit, not just mail delivered to a mailbox.
You might be able to run an email service that scans inbound email for an
         X-PGP-Encrypted: header, and if it sees "From:" or "Subject:" first,
bounces the email with a 503 or 550: "Sorry, Encrypted Email Only, Get PGP at but that's really more annoying than just using Gmail with a user name pgp-only-johndoe43
An alternative threat model is that the NSA declares anybody sending encrypted mail to be a target (s/target/weasel-word-of-the-week/g), so any ISP that sends data to silentcircle.com has to allow the NSA to wiretap their connections, just in case they might be encrypted email.  The effects are similar, though it wouldn't provide access to the contents of encrypted SMTP sessions; Phil and Jon might also be refusing to handle email because of this slightly less aggressive threat model.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2013-08-25 22:52:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Why_can't_email_be_secure 
Because "low latency protocols that are resistant to traffic analysis"
is a really really hard problem.  Even doing
"high latency protocols that are resistant to traffic analysis"
is a really hard problem.  "Building" them is a mere application of
sufficiently advanced technology, right?
Datagrams don't give you any useful anonymity,
because any decent ISP is going to block forged-source packets,
but they do give you a bit more flexibility about timing,
which is important for defending against traffic analysis.
The standard warning about using them for an application is
that it's extremely tempting to use them to reinvent TCP badly,
because TCP really does a lot of things you want,
and in a security context it's tempting to also reinvent TLS badly.
Some other problems with them are that you need to get firewalls
to allow them through, unless you disguise them as other protocols
like the horribly evil things Dan Kaminsky regularly does to DNS,
and if you don't disguise them then they stick out like a sore thumb
on any IDS or netflow analyser.  And if you're the only person using
that protocol, you're not hiding from traffic analysis.
It's a lot easier to hide if you implement your datagrams as
http/https transactions of some kind, but building a bunch of relay nodes
to pass those transactions along ends up reinventing Tor.
Putting them in user space is just fine and mostly more portable.
It's hard to get millisecond-level latency if you do that,
but you can't hide from traffic analysis with latency that low anyway.

@_date: 2013-08-25 23:03:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
Anybody who's putting in the header without doing the encryption
is going out of their way to ask for trouble, and presumed to be
doing it on purpose, whether for entrapment or denial of service or whatever.
As long as you don't make it easy to do by accident, it's not a problem.
The threat model I was worrying about was that if you get to From: or Subject:,
and you're subject to an NSA Vacuum Cleaner Order,
you've got potentially sensitive information about your users or their contacts
that you could be forced to retain and turn over.
You need to reject the message before you see that, which means checking the
header keyword before you accept any characters past the :.
And yeah, that means you could get false bounces, but hopefully anybody who's
trying to hide their identity from the NSA will leave those headers out
of the cleartext part of the message anyway.
Ideally you don't even want the SMTP-level FROM keyword, but it's probably hard
to get most MTAs not to send that one.

@_date: 2013-08-25 23:14:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reject non-PGP mail (was: Re: Who bought off Zimmermann?) 
Oh, cool.  I was going for more paranoid than that -
if you're an email provider and the NSA has given you an order to
retain all data and rat out all your customers,
theoretically you don't even want to accept that much,
but if it's feeding into Tor or some remailer anyway,
non-PGP mail won't get very far, and you're less likely to be
the kind of service provider who gets NSA/FISA orders.

@_date: 2013-08-20 09:04:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, 
No, no, no, trafficking the drugs has traditionally been a CIA job.

@_date: 2013-08-25 21:12:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
It's not just traffic analysis, though that's another layer of the problem.
And it's not just the issue of PGP being hard to run on some phones, though that makes it a problem for users of those phones.
Phil's not just a cryptographer; he's primarily a service provider here.
If you assume that the NSA can come to you with a FISA court order overriding ECPA, saying
         "Give us every piece of information that anybody sends you,
         including your subscribers and outsiders who want to send email to them,
         any time any new bit of information arrives, Or Else!"
then you can't run a "secure" email service that accepts unencrypted email,
because what you have isn't secure against that threat model.
If the NSA and their rubber-stamping buddies at FISA aren't stepping way over the bright shiny constitutionality line,
you could run an email service that automatically PGP-encrypts any incoming message to a public key associated with the mailbox, and build a user interface for the mailbox client's device that's not totally annoying.
The fact that Phil and Jon say they can't run a service implies that the threat model includes mail in transit, not just mail delivered to a mailbox.
You might be able to run an email service that scans inbound email for an
         X-PGP-Encrypted: header, and if it sees "From:" or "Subject:" first,
bounces the email with a 503 or 550: "Sorry, Encrypted Email Only, Get PGP at but that's really more annoying than just using Gmail with a user name pgp-only-johndoe43 at gmail.com.
An alternative threat model is that the NSA declares anybody sending encrypted mail to be a target (s/target/weasel-word-of-the-week/g), so any ISP that sends data to silentcircle.com has to allow the NSA to wiretap their connections, just in case they might be encrypted email.  The effects are similar, though it wouldn't provide access to the contents of encrypted SMTP sessions; Phil and Jon might also be refusing to handle email because of this slightly less aggressive threat model.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2013-08-25 22:52:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Why_can't_email_be_secure 
Because "low latency protocols that are resistant to traffic analysis"
is a really really hard problem.  Even doing
"high latency protocols that are resistant to traffic analysis"
is a really hard problem.  "Building" them is a mere application of
sufficiently advanced technology, right?
Datagrams don't give you any useful anonymity,
because any decent ISP is going to block forged-source packets,
but they do give you a bit more flexibility about timing,
which is important for defending against traffic analysis.
The standard warning about using them for an application is
that it's extremely tempting to use them to reinvent TCP badly,
because TCP really does a lot of things you want,
and in a security context it's tempting to also reinvent TLS badly.
Some other problems with them are that you need to get firewalls
to allow them through, unless you disguise them as other protocols
like the horribly evil things Dan Kaminsky regularly does to DNS,
and if you don't disguise them then they stick out like a sore thumb
on any IDS or netflow analyser.  And if you're the only person using
that protocol, you're not hiding from traffic analysis.
It's a lot easier to hide if you implement your datagrams as
http/https transactions of some kind, but building a bunch of relay nodes
to pass those transactions along ends up reinventing Tor.
Putting them in user space is just fine and mostly more portable.
It's hard to get millisecond-level latency if you do that,
but you can't hide from traffic analysis with latency that low anyway.

@_date: 2013-08-25 23:03:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
Anybody who's putting in the header without doing the encryption
is going out of their way to ask for trouble, and presumed to be
doing it on purpose, whether for entrapment or denial of service or whatever.
As long as you don't make it easy to do by accident, it's not a problem.
The threat model I was worrying about was that if you get to From: or Subject:,
and you're subject to an NSA Vacuum Cleaner Order,
you've got potentially sensitive information about your users or their contacts
that you could be forced to retain and turn over.
You need to reject the message before you see that, which means checking the
header keyword before you accept any characters past the :.
And yeah, that means you could get false bounces, but hopefully anybody who's
trying to hide their identity from the NSA will leave those headers out
of the cleartext part of the message anyway.
Ideally you don't even want the SMTP-level FROM keyword, but it's probably hard
to get most MTAs not to send that one.

@_date: 2013-08-25 23:14:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reject non-PGP mail (was: Re: Who bought off Zimmermann?) 
Oh, cool.  I was going for more paranoid than that -
if you're an email provider and the NSA has given you an order to
retain all data and rat out all your customers,
theoretically you don't even want to accept that much,
but if it's feeding into Tor or some remailer anyway,
non-PGP mail won't get very far, and you're less likely to be
the kind of service provider who gets NSA/FISA orders.

@_date: 2013-08-20 09:04:04
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Freedom Hosting Owner Arrested, Tormail Compromised, 
No, no, no, trafficking the drugs has traditionally been a CIA job.

@_date: 2013-08-25 21:12:56
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
It's not just traffic analysis, though that's another layer of the problem.
And it's not just the issue of PGP being hard to run on some phones, though that makes it a problem for users of those phones.
Phil's not just a cryptographer; he's primarily a service provider here.
If you assume that the NSA can come to you with a FISA court order overriding ECPA, saying
         "Give us every piece of information that anybody sends you,
         including your subscribers and outsiders who want to send email to them,
         any time any new bit of information arrives, Or Else!"
then you can't run a "secure" email service that accepts unencrypted email,
because what you have isn't secure against that threat model.
If the NSA and their rubber-stamping buddies at FISA aren't stepping way over the bright shiny constitutionality line,
you could run an email service that automatically PGP-encrypts any incoming message to a public key associated with the mailbox, and build a user interface for the mailbox client's device that's not totally annoying.
The fact that Phil and Jon say they can't run a service implies that the threat model includes mail in transit, not just mail delivered to a mailbox.
You might be able to run an email service that scans inbound email for an
         X-PGP-Encrypted: header, and if it sees "From:" or "Subject:" first,
bounces the email with a 503 or 550: "Sorry, Encrypted Email Only, Get PGP at but that's really more annoying than just using Gmail with a user name pgp-only-johndoe43 at gmail.com.
An alternative threat model is that the NSA declares anybody sending encrypted mail to be a target (s/target/weasel-word-of-the-week/g), so any ISP that sends data to silentcircle.com has to allow the NSA to wiretap their connections, just in case they might be encrypted email.  The effects are similar, though it wouldn't provide access to the contents of encrypted SMTP sessions; Phil and Jon might also be refusing to handle email because of this slightly less aggressive threat model.
                 Bill Stewart

@_date: 2013-08-25 22:52:20
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Why_can't_email_be_secure 
Because "low latency protocols that are resistant to traffic analysis"
is a really really hard problem.  Even doing
"high latency protocols that are resistant to traffic analysis"
is a really hard problem.  "Building" them is a mere application of
sufficiently advanced technology, right?
Datagrams don't give you any useful anonymity,
because any decent ISP is going to block forged-source packets,
but they do give you a bit more flexibility about timing,
which is important for defending against traffic analysis.
The standard warning about using them for an application is
that it's extremely tempting to use them to reinvent TCP badly,
because TCP really does a lot of things you want,
and in a security context it's tempting to also reinvent TLS badly.
Some other problems with them are that you need to get firewalls
to allow them through, unless you disguise them as other protocols
like the horribly evil things Dan Kaminsky regularly does to DNS,
and if you don't disguise them then they stick out like a sore thumb
on any IDS or netflow analyser.  And if you're the only person using
that protocol, you're not hiding from traffic analysis.
It's a lot easier to hide if you implement your datagrams as
http/https transactions of some kind, but building a bunch of relay nodes
to pass those transactions along ends up reinventing Tor.
Putting them in user space is just fine and mostly more portable.
It's hard to get millisecond-level latency if you do that,
but you can't hide from traffic analysis with latency that low anyway.

@_date: 2013-08-25 23:03:02
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Who bought off Zimmermann? 
Anybody who's putting in the header without doing the encryption
is going out of their way to ask for trouble, and presumed to be
doing it on purpose, whether for entrapment or denial of service or whatever.
As long as you don't make it easy to do by accident, it's not a problem.
The threat model I was worrying about was that if you get to From: or Subject:,
and you're subject to an NSA Vacuum Cleaner Order,
you've got potentially sensitive information about your users or their contacts
that you could be forced to retain and turn over.
You need to reject the message before you see that, which means checking the
header keyword before you accept any characters past the :.
And yeah, that means you could get false bounces, but hopefully anybody who's
trying to hide their identity from the NSA will leave those headers out
of the cleartext part of the message anyway.
Ideally you don't even want the SMTP-level FROM keyword, but it's probably hard
to get most MTAs not to send that one.

@_date: 2013-08-25 23:14:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Reject non-PGP mail (was: Re: Who bought off Zimmermann?) 
Oh, cool.  I was going for more paranoid than that -
if you're an email provider and the NSA has given you an order to
retain all data and rat out all your customers,
theoretically you don't even want to accept that much,
but if it's feeding into Tor or some remailer anyway,
non-PGP mail won't get very far, and you're less likely to be
the kind of service provider who gets NSA/FISA orders.

@_date: 2013-12-07 20:40:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: infra-org (urls) 
> Consciousness is something really complex we don't really understand.
 > Quantum physics is something really complex we don't really understand.
 > Therefore, Consciousness must be a Quantum Physics thing!  QED.
If that works for you, you could go see the What the Bleep Do We Know which has a bunch of new-agey people who don't understand consciousness or physics
and a few physicists who do understand physics being taken out of context.
It was in theaters a few years back, and seems to have a direct-to-DVD sequel or director's cut or something.
If you do know physics, I'd recommend getting high before you see it...

@_date: 2013-12-08 21:01:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
Back in the 80s I ran a TEMPEST-shielded computer room,
with a VAX 11/780 and later some Sun-2 workstations,
doing studies for the government that they didn't want
Commie Spies listening to.
The shielding was basically plywood with sheet metal on both sides,
with special metal joints in between them and on the corners,
packed with wire mesh in the joints to plug any extra leaks,
making a nice big Faraday cage.  The air vents were metal grates
an inch or two deep with zig-zaggy airflow paths,
and our data connections used fiber optics going through
waveguide holes that were about 3" long and 1/8" diameter.
Power feeds used big inductive low-pass filters.
We measured the RF-tightness using meters that ran at 450 MHz,
trying to keep things 120dB tight.  You had one person carry a
transmitter on one side of the wall, another person a reader on the other side.
One experiment we'd occasionally do was to stick a wire
through the fiber waveguides, and if you got more than halfway through,
that was enough for 450MHz to leak out.  I'm not sure what frequencies we
*really* needed to protect against, but the Vax ran at something like 10 MHz,
so 450MHz was way overkill for any harmonics that might happen.
What occurred to me recently was that 10 MHz computers may have been
state of the art for the mid-80s, but that was a lot of iterations of
Moore's Law ago, and I doubt the technology of the time is much use
for current 2-3 GHz laptops.  The main Faraday cage should be fine,
plus or minus a bit of extra copper tape to plug minor leaks,
but all the air vents are going to be awfully leaky at those frequencies.
Any idea what people use today?

@_date: 2013-12-14 11:52:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gmail's receiving mostly authenticated email 
Saw an interesting article from Gmail on their inbound email statistics.
Over 91% is authenticated with either DKIM or SPF.  75% is both, the rest is one or the other.
That doesn't indicate how much is encrypted, but anything that has the framework to do that authentication could fetch a key as well.
(Doesn't stop the feds from collecting the mail after Gmail receives it, of course, but it's an indication of how much email could relatively easily add some encryption to reduce in-transit eavesdropping.)

@_date: 2013-12-14 23:27:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gmail's receiving mostly authenticated email 
They didn't say.  (And the threat model for spam protection probably doesn't include spammers cracking RSA keys, so 512-bit would be perfectly adequate, but I'd hope people were using 1024.)

@_date: 2013-12-15 20:20:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen 
Juan, Al - I recommend you dig through the Cypherpunks archives to read Detweiler's ranting.
He was much more interesting than listening to you to squabble.

@_date: 2013-12-20 13:24:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen 
>
Detweiler really was just this guy (though I seem to remember some discussion about him being a twin, which could account for a bit of his obsession with identity.)  We did once have a guy show up at a Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting who introduced himself as "Lawrence from Boulder".  I thought that was amusing but didn't say anything; he left midway through, and after the meeting Eric Hughes suddenly noticed "Hey, wait a minute!  Lawrence from Boulder?!?!?"

@_date: 2013-12-07 20:40:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: infra-org (urls) 
> Consciousness is something really complex we don't really understand.
 > Quantum physics is something really complex we don't really understand.
 > Therefore, Consciousness must be a Quantum Physics thing!  QED.
If that works for you, you could go see the What the Bleep Do We Know which has a bunch of new-agey people who don't understand consciousness or physics
and a few physicists who do understand physics being taken out of context.
It was in theaters a few years back, and seems to have a direct-to-DVD sequel or director's cut or something.
If you do know physics, I'd recommend getting high before you see it...

@_date: 2013-12-08 21:01:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
Back in the 80s I ran a TEMPEST-shielded computer room,
with a VAX 11/780 and later some Sun-2 workstations,
doing studies for the government that they didn't want
Commie Spies listening to.
The shielding was basically plywood with sheet metal on both sides,
with special metal joints in between them and on the corners,
packed with wire mesh in the joints to plug any extra leaks,
making a nice big Faraday cage.  The air vents were metal grates
an inch or two deep with zig-zaggy airflow paths,
and our data connections used fiber optics going through
waveguide holes that were about 3" long and 1/8" diameter.
Power feeds used big inductive low-pass filters.
We measured the RF-tightness using meters that ran at 450 MHz,
trying to keep things 120dB tight.  You had one person carry a
transmitter on one side of the wall, another person a reader on the other side.
One experiment we'd occasionally do was to stick a wire
through the fiber waveguides, and if you got more than halfway through,
that was enough for 450MHz to leak out.  I'm not sure what frequencies we
*really* needed to protect against, but the Vax ran at something like 10 MHz,
so 450MHz was way overkill for any harmonics that might happen.
What occurred to me recently was that 10 MHz computers may have been
state of the art for the mid-80s, but that was a lot of iterations of
Moore's Law ago, and I doubt the technology of the time is much use
for current 2-3 GHz laptops.  The main Faraday cage should be fine,
plus or minus a bit of extra copper tape to plug minor leaks,
but all the air vents are going to be awfully leaky at those frequencies.
Any idea what people use today?

@_date: 2013-12-14 11:52:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gmail's receiving mostly authenticated email 
Saw an interesting article from Gmail on their inbound email statistics.
Over 91% is authenticated with either DKIM or SPF.  75% is both, the rest is one or the other.
That doesn't indicate how much is encrypted, but anything that has the framework to do that authentication could fetch a key as well.
(Doesn't stop the feds from collecting the mail after Gmail receives it, of course, but it's an indication of how much email could relatively easily add some encryption to reduce in-transit eavesdropping.)

@_date: 2013-12-14 23:27:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gmail's receiving mostly authenticated email 
They didn't say.  (And the threat model for spam protection probably doesn't include spammers cracking RSA keys, so 512-bit would be perfectly adequate, but I'd hope people were using 1024.)

@_date: 2013-12-15 20:20:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen 
Juan, Al - I recommend you dig through the Cypherpunks archives to read Detweiler's ranting.
He was much more interesting than listening to you to squabble.

@_date: 2013-12-20 13:24:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen 
>
Detweiler really was just this guy (though I seem to remember some discussion about him being a twin, which could account for a bit of his obsession with identity.)  We did once have a guy show up at a Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting who introduced himself as "Lawrence from Boulder".  I thought that was amusing but didn't say anything; he left midway through, and after the meeting Eric Hughes suddenly noticed "Hey, wait a minute!  Lawrence from Boulder?!?!?"

@_date: 2013-12-07 20:40:30
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: infra-org (urls) 
> Consciousness is something really complex we don't really understand.
 > Quantum physics is something really complex we don't really understand.
 > Therefore, Consciousness must be a Quantum Physics thing!  QED.
If that works for you, you could go see the What the Bleep Do We Know which has a bunch of new-agey people who don't understand consciousness or physics
and a few physicists who do understand physics being taken out of context.
It was in theaters a few years back, and seems to have a direct-to-DVD sequel or director's cut or something.
If you do know physics, I'd recommend getting high before you see it...

@_date: 2013-12-08 21:01:32
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: EM-nature (was: infra-org) 
Back in the 80s I ran a TEMPEST-shielded computer room,
with a VAX 11/780 and later some Sun-2 workstations,
doing studies for the government that they didn't want
Commie Spies listening to.
The shielding was basically plywood with sheet metal on both sides,
with special metal joints in between them and on the corners,
packed with wire mesh in the joints to plug any extra leaks,
making a nice big Faraday cage.  The air vents were metal grates
an inch or two deep with zig-zaggy airflow paths,
and our data connections used fiber optics going through
waveguide holes that were about 3" long and 1/8" diameter.
Power feeds used big inductive low-pass filters.
We measured the RF-tightness using meters that ran at 450 MHz,
trying to keep things 120dB tight.  You had one person carry a
transmitter on one side of the wall, another person a reader on the other side.
One experiment we'd occasionally do was to stick a wire
through the fiber waveguides, and if you got more than halfway through,
that was enough for 450MHz to leak out.  I'm not sure what frequencies we
*really* needed to protect against, but the Vax ran at something like 10 MHz,
so 450MHz was way overkill for any harmonics that might happen.
What occurred to me recently was that 10 MHz computers may have been
state of the art for the mid-80s, but that was a lot of iterations of
Moore's Law ago, and I doubt the technology of the time is much use
for current 2-3 GHz laptops.  The main Faraday cage should be fine,
plus or minus a bit of extra copper tape to plug minor leaks,
but all the air vents are going to be awfully leaky at those frequencies.
Any idea what people use today?

@_date: 2013-12-14 11:52:38
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gmail's receiving mostly authenticated email 
Saw an interesting article from Gmail on their inbound email statistics.
Over 91% is authenticated with either DKIM or SPF.  75% is both, the rest is one or the other.
That doesn't indicate how much is encrypted, but anything that has the framework to do that authentication could fetch a key as well.
(Doesn't stop the feds from collecting the mail after Gmail receives it, of course, but it's an indication of how much email could relatively easily add some encryption to reduce in-transit eavesdropping.)

@_date: 2013-12-14 23:27:24
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Gmail's receiving mostly authenticated email 
They didn't say.  (And the threat model for spam protection probably doesn't include spammers cracking RSA keys, so 512-bit would be perfectly adequate, but I'd hope people were using 1024.)

@_date: 2013-12-15 20:20:48
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen 
Juan, Al - I recommend you dig through the Cypherpunks archives to read Detweiler's ranting.
He was much more interesting than listening to you to squabble.

@_date: 2013-12-20 13:24:18
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: request for transcript: Bruce Schneier and Eben Moglen 
>
Detweiler really was just this guy (though I seem to remember some discussion about him being a twin, which could account for a bit of his obsession with identity.)  We did once have a guy show up at a Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting who introduced himself as "Lawrence from Boulder".  I thought that was amusing but didn't say anything; he left midway through, and after the meeting Eric Hughes suddenly noticed "Hey, wait a minute!  Lawrence from Boulder?!?!?"
