
@_date: 1997-01-24 11:03:32
@_author: biz25@prodigy.net 
@_subject: Just drop you a note 
Just thought I would drop you a note letting you know of an
opportunity that I came across lately.
I have been amazed at the success I have had with this product.
Please email me for URL (more details) if you are interested. Type "URL" in the subject line.

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:11:08
@_author: biz25@prodigy.net 
@_subject: I-Link 
PRESS RELEASE:
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:
THIS IS URGENT--TWO U.S. BASED INTERNATIONAL GIANTS MERGE
FOR A GROUND FLOOR OPPORTUNITY. THIS WILL BE THE MOST IMPORTANT
EMAIL OF YOUR MLM LIFE.
Two major publicly traded giants have joined forces to harness new
telecommunications technology which promises to alter the way the
world communicates.  Until now, calls had to be transmitted through
hard wire, fiber optics, or expensive land-based relay stations.
Within months, all this will change.  According to industry experts,
calls in certain closely guarded test markets are already being made
directly from phone to phone via satellite.
Distance is no longer a factor.  Without the considerable costs of
hard wire installation, maintenance, and major overheads.  With this
new technology, rates are predicted to fall as much as 50% and more.
This means that a direct dial call from Sydney Australia to London,
Tokyo, or anywhere else in the world, might well be less than ten
cents per minute.  Calls within any country should also be reduced
well below any currently being offered by any existing provider.
Each user will only need a portable "little black box" which contains
all the electronics to instantly convert any telephone into a two-way
satellite transmitter.  According to industry spokesman, the clarity
of the voice link significantly exceeds present standards and the
technology applies to fixed based phones as well as cellular units.
Although the two major participating companies have requested
anonymity until the official announcement in a few weeks time, it has
been revealed that each is the industry leader in its respective field
with combined annual sales exceeding Eighty Billion Dollars.
This Technology will be made available throughout the world as
quickly as the new company can cope with anticipated demand.
Pre-Launch requests are now being accepted from interested parties
that will enable them to move to the top of the list to receive
information on a priority basis as soon as it becomes available.
In an unexpected announcement, the company has revealed its desire to
introduce this technology through network marketing.  To maintain an
orderly marketplace, the number of Pre-Launch distributors has been
severely limited.  If you are interested in being placed on the priority
list to receive additional information about the new service or wish to
be involved in the world wide marketing, please send the form below
in any of the three manners listed.
and all forms and instructions will be dropped into your email box
in moments.  There is NO COST or obligation in taking this first step.
You make the final decision only after receiving all the relevant
Unprecedented $$$ Opportunity
1) TWO Industry Giants is Software and Telecommunications with
   combined annual sales in excess of $80 Billion to team up to
   create a major marketing joint-venture to revolutionize the
   telephone industry.
2) Domestic and International Rates expected to Plunge in excess
   50%---far below any currently being offered by any present company.
   Calls linking almost all-international locations could drop below ten
   cents per minute!
3) Crystal Clear Technology is achieved by two-way, direct satellite link
   through an inexpensive, highly portable "Little Black Box" which easily
   connects to both fixed and cellular phones.
4) Amazing Profit Potential.  The company unexpectedly revealed it would
   distribute this new technology through MLM.  The first 5,000 responders
   to this announcement could easily become instant millionaires.
5) FREE PRE-LAUNCH RESERVATIONS.  The following form will assure
   your position on our priority list.
6) TOP SECRET DETAILS will be communicated as soon as available.
7) NO COST OR OBLIGATION NOW!!!  Reserve your right to make a final
   decision once we release the information on the products, program, and
   what we ca do for you with our massive marketing power.
8) Do Not Delay!!  Priority places are reserved as received.  Make certain
   commit your contacts IMMEDIATELY to keep your own marketing
   organization in tact.  This will totally revolutionize the way the world
   communicates.  Virtually everyone who uses a telephone or a fax for
   business will be converting to this system.  Submit your no-obligation
   Priority Reservation Form Immediately.
9) Copy and rewrite this document to reflect you as the sponsor and
   pass on to your email friends.
-----------------[ End of Form ]--------------------------
           id 21

@_date: 1997-01-30 09:18:53
@_author: biz25@prodigy.net 
@_subject: Just ask you a question 
I just want to ask you a question. This is not "unsolicated" email.
Do you want me to post you the URL & information if you are MLM & Business Opportinuties Seeker? Please put "SUBSCRIBE" in the subject line. I will
put your name on my list. You may give me your new URL. I will send your URL to the people who are on the "Subscribe" email list. If you don't want me to post you the URL & information, please type
"UNSUBSCRIBE" in the subject line. I will remove your name on my list.
