
@_date: 2004-11-25 10:41:34
@_author: BMCLEE@aol.com 
@_subject: [osint] 'Stunning' arms haul in Falluja 
[Excerpt: Weapons caches, many in the south of Falluja - the last area taken
by the marines - were often marked by a brick suspended on a piece of string
outside a house, they added....The amount of weapons was in no way just to
protect a city," said Maj Jim West, a Marine intelligence officer...."There was
enough to mount an insurgency across the country," he added....Earlier, Iraqi
Minister of State Kassim Daoud told a news conference: "Soldiers from the Iraqi
National Guard found a chemical laboratory that was used to prepare deadly
explosives and poisons....."They also found in the lab booklets and
on how to make bombs and poisons. They even talked about the production of
Last Updated: Thursday, 25 November, 2004, 14:42 GMT
'Stunning' arms haul in Falluja
US marines combing the Iraqi city of Falluja after a major offensive say they
found weapons stocks sufficient to mount an insurgency across the country.
The "stunning" finds included mortars, bomb-making equipment, grenades and
rockets, officials said.
The biggest haul was made at a mosque complex in the east of the city.
Soldiers also found a house which contained a laboratory and instructions on
how to make anthrax and blood agents, the US military told the BBC.
US marines say it may be several weeks before civilians who fled the city can
return. Following the US-led offensive, the city remains without power or
The discoveries came as hundreds of British troops from the Black Watch took
part in a fresh offensive against suspected Saddam Hussein loyalists living on
the bank of the Euphrates river in central Iraq.
In other developments:
    * US officials say they found five new bodies, including the corpses of
some Iraqi soldiers, in the northern city of Mosul - the scene of a recent
upsurge in attacks
    * Police in southern Iraq arrest five suspected foreign fighters - two
Saudis, two Tunisians and one Libyan - they claim were planning to mount
in Basra.
'Foreign fighters' centre'
Marine commanders said troops moving from house to house had discovered large
numbers of weapons stores, including stocks of up to 700 mortar shells.
Kalashnikov rifles, ammunition, rocket-propelled grenades and heavy cannon
have also been found throughout the city, officers said.
Weapons caches, many in the south of Falluja - the last area taken by the
marines - were often marked by a brick suspended on a piece of string outside a
house, they added.
Iraqi Red Crescent convoy waits at entrance to Falluja, 24 Nov 2004
Aid organisations need to assess how many need help in Falluja
"The amount of weapons was in no way just to protect a city," said Maj Jim
West, a Marine intelligence officer.
"There was enough to mount an insurgency across the country," he added.
Earlier, Iraqi Minister of State Kassim Daoud told a news conference:
"Soldiers from the Iraqi National Guard found a chemical laboratory that
was used to
prepare deadly explosives and poisons.
"They also found in the lab booklets and instructions on how to make bombs
and poisons. They even talked about the production of anthrax."
The US has claimed Falluja was a centre for foreign fighters who had come to
Iraq to fight the coalition.
Earlier this week Iraq's interim defence minister said 60 Arab fighters were
among those arrested in Falluja.
The Americans claim to have killed at least 1,000 Iraqis in the Falluja
assault launched two and a half weeks ago.
More than 50 marines died and more than 400 were wounded.
The number of Iraqi civilians killed and injured when they were caught up in
the fighting is still not known.
The Iraqi Red Crescent said on Thursday it had managed to deliver food aid,
and that its volunteers would stay to help bury the dead and evacuate families
still trapped in Falluja.
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Brooks Isoldi, editor
bisoldi at intellnet.org
  Post message: osint at yahoogroups.com
  Subscribe:    osint-subscribe at yahoogroups.com
  Unsubscribe:  osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. OSINT, as a
part of The Intelligence Network, is making it available without profit to
OSINT YahooGroups members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of
intelligence and law enforcement organizations, their activities, methods,
techniques, human rights, civil liberties, social justice and other
intelligence related issues, for non-profit research and educational
purposes only. We believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the
copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright
Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own
that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright
For more information go to:
Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
    <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
    osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
    --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-11-25 10:49:27
@_author: BMCLEE@aol.com 
@_subject: [osint] Mexican police hunt lynch mob 
[Excerpt:  A third policeman who was finally rescued by colleagues - three
and a half hours after the attack began - suffered serious injuries and is said
to be in a critical condition....The attack in the southern suburb of San Juan
Ixtayopan was the latest example of mob justice by Mexicans frustrated by
state corruption and soaring crime, correspondents say. "I've never seen such
insanity, so much unbridled hate. They beat them with pipes, they kicked
It was so extreme that you couldn't recognise them when they were set alight,"
an unnamed Televisa cameraman who filmed the incident told the French news
agency AFP....At one point, the victims, blood streaming down their faces,
into the cameras, confirming they were anti-terrorism agents. The gruesome
footage was given wide coverage....Mexico City's public safety chief, Marcelo
Ebrard, said back-up units were unable to get through for more than three and a
half hours because of heavy traffic.]
Last Updated: Thursday, 25 November, 2004, 10:23 GMT
Mexican police hunt lynch mob
Hundreds of police and federal agents raided a Mexico City suburb on
Wednesday night after two officers were killed by an angry crowd.
More than 30 people were reportedly held after police with pictures taken in
the attack went from house to house.
They are also investigating why the two men were not rescued - despite live
TV coverage of Tuesday's events.
The two plain-clothes officers were burned alive after locals apparently
mistook them for child kidnappers.
A third policeman who was finally rescued by colleagues - three and a half
hours after the attack began - suffered serious injuries and is said to be in a
critical condition.
The attack in the southern suburb of San Juan Ixtayopan was the latest
example of mob justice by Mexicans frustrated by state corruption and
soaring crime,
correspondents say.
The men who were attacked were working on a covert drugs operation at the
time, officials said.
'Unbridled hate'
A long convoy of government vehicles sped into San Juan Ixtayopan just before
night fell on Wednesday, an official spokeswoman told the Associated Press
news agency.
The agency said 600 federal agents and hundreds of city police were involved
in the operation.
They sealed off streets and carried out house-to-house searches.
I've never seen such insanity, so much unbridled hate... It was so extreme
that you couldn't recognise them when they were set alight
TV cameraman
Mexico's Procurator General, Rafael Macedo, told Mexican television that 33
people had been detained, among them people suspected of actually carrying out
or instigating the attack, along with others who witnessed it, Efe news agency
The agents were taking photos of pupils at a primary school on Tuesday -
where two children had recently gone missing - when the attack began.
Some in the crowd thought they were kidnappers, while others were simply
angry that the alleged kidnappings had not been properly investigated.
The crowd cheered, chanted and shouted obscenities as they attacked.
Reporters reached the scene before police reinforcements, and live cameras
caught a mob beating Victor Moreles Barrera and Cristobal Martinez Martin
setting them alight.
"I've never seen such insanity, so much unbridled hate. They beat them with
pipes, they kicked them... It was so extreme that you couldn't recognise them
when they were set alight," an unnamed Televisa cameraman who filmed the
incident told the French news agency AFP.
At one point, the victims, blood streaming down their faces, spoke into the
cameras, confirming they were anti-terrorism agents. The gruesome footage was
given wide coverage.
Mexico City's public safety chief, Marcelo Ebrard, said back-up units were
unable to get through for more than three and a half hours because of heavy
[Non-text portions of this message have been removed]
Brooks Isoldi, editor
bisoldi at intellnet.org
  Post message: osint at yahoogroups.com
  Subscribe:    osint-subscribe at yahoogroups.com
  Unsubscribe:  osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. OSINT, as a
part of The Intelligence Network, is making it available without profit to
OSINT YahooGroups members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of
intelligence and law enforcement organizations, their activities, methods,
techniques, human rights, civil liberties, social justice and other
intelligence related issues, for non-profit research and educational
purposes only. We believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the
copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright
Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own
that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright
For more information go to:
Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
    <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
    osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
    --- end forwarded text
