
@_date: 2001-08-01 03:34:39
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Spoilation, escrows, courts, pigs. 
1L literatlisms), whispering is spoliation. Failure to archive tape
recordings of conversations is spoliation. Use of encryption is
spoliation. Drawing the curtains is spoliation.
Actually if Giotti found a tape recorder (or keyboard bug) in his house
I'm pretty sure he'd
do more than blank its bits...
*legally*, and despite the obvious implication that someone's
investigating something..
Behavior can't be 'contemptous' of court orders if there are none.  You
spoil evidence if the artifacts are not yet identified as evidence.
Its not illegal for Condit to toss all the evidence of his
because no judge has asked for it.

@_date: 2001-08-02 09:12:42
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: reverse panopticon: faces of authority project (was Re: *Protecting*  
a free-to-use library, called the Internet Archive...
hundreds of linux boxes, so if someone writes the software to do this
detection we could run it on the images in the collection.
Mapping the faces to the meatspace occupations will be the hard part.
You might start with the Kirkland, Washington list of police

@_date: 2001-08-07 11:21:35
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: McAfee patent on security services subscription 
McAfee.com has won a patent for its system of delivering
security-related software and
            services over the Internet, giving it a potential leg up in
the emerging trend of
            subscription-based software.
            The patent, issued July 24 by the U.S. Patent Office, covers
the technology behind
            McAfee's system, what co-inventor Srivats Sampath calls the
company's "secret sauce," as
            well as its subscription-based business model, the company
said Monday. McAfee applied for
            the patent in 1998.
                         "The future of software is really going to be
delivered as Web services and
                         we have a component of that," said Sampath,
McAfee's president and chief
                         executive officer. "The patent is a way to
protect our investment."
                         "This doesn't close the door for competitors,
it simply sets some boundaries
                         for them," said Harry Fenik, chief executive
officer of the Sageza Group, a
                         market research firm.
                         Now, any company or so-called application
service provider looking to offer
                         subscription- and Web-based software
specifically in the security and
                         PC-management arena "will have to tread
carefully" to not infringe on
                         McAfee's patent, or decide to pay McAfee
licensing fees, Fenik said.

@_date: 2001-08-07 17:21:42
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: morpheus' growth 
Someone here suggested Morpheus as a rapidly growing replacement for
the company formerly known as Napster.  It currently (7 Aug 01 8PM EDT)
lists over 610,000
folks online; sharing 712 Million files; totalling 338 terabytes.  Since
observing Morpheus a few days ago, these figures have grown visibly..
How big is Gnutella?
Do its clients have the excellent download-resumption ability that
Morpheus (and others
built on the same engine) does?

@_date: 2001-08-08 01:27:54
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: FBI Must Reveal Computer Snooping 
Heh, the cut-out at the local computer store who has been working for
the Feebs, adding a little extra free hardware, is going to need a quick
change of address...
FBI Must Reveal Computer Snooping
        Technique -Judge
        NEWARK, N.J. (Reuters) - A federal judge on Tuesday ordered the
        government to reveal the high-tech computer snooping technique
        by the FBI (news - web sites) to gather evidence against an
        mobster.
        In a case that privacy advocates say smacks of Big Brother, U.S.
        District Judge Nicholas Politan ruled that the government must
        the details of the computer monitoring system it used to gather
        against Nicodemo Scarfo Jr., who is charged with running illegal
        gambling and loan-sharking operations for the Gambino crime
        Scarfo is the son of imprisoned mobster Nicodemo ``Little
        Scarfo.
        The case is believed to be the first in the nation in which
federal agents
        installed a secret surveillance system in a personal computer
        under search warrant, and the first to be tested in U.S. courts.
        The FBI recorded virtually every keystroke made on Scarfo's
        computer at his Belleville, New Jersey, business, including
        using a ``key logger'' device.
        Whether the system is hardware or software is unknown, prompting
        motion by Scarfo's attorneys to reveal its makeup so they could
have it
        analyzed and make a case to suppress the evidence it gathered.
        Politan ruled that in order to decide the lawfulness of the
        surveillance, he must see a full report on how the device works,
        imposing an Aug. 31 deadline.
        ``In this new age of rapidly evolving technology, the court
cannot make
        a determination as to the lawfulness of the government's search
        without knowing specifically how the search was effectuated,''
        wrote.
        ``This requires an understanding of how the key logger device
        functions. In most, if not all search and seizure cases, the
court ...
        understands the particular method by which the search is
executed. ...
        Because of the advanced technology used the court does not have
        benefit of such an understanding.''
        The government argued that revealing the workings of the system
        jeopardize national security and endanger FBI personnel and
        working with them.
        Politan gave the government 10 days to provide additional
evidence as
        to why revealing the technology would endanger ongoing
        and later national security operations.

@_date: 2001-08-08 01:58:46
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Congressvermin, spoliation, Henry Waxman's head up his ass 
NBC Balks at Sharing Election Night Tapes
                          Politics: Congressman threatens to seek
subpoena for disclosure.
                        Rumors say executive pushed for Bush call.
                        By MEGAN GARVEY, Times Staff Writer
                        WASHINGTON -- A showdown between
                        a Democratic congressman and the head of
                        NBC over what exactly happened in the
                        network's newsroom on election night is
                        reviving questions about whether Congress
                        should have any role in overseeing the news
                        media.
                        What began as a friendly offer by NBC
                        President Andrew Lack at a Valentine's Day
                        congressional hearing quickly degenerated
                        into an exchange of angry letters between
                        Lack and Rep. Henry A. Waxman (D-Los
                        Angeles) over access to internal videotapes
                        of NBC's newsroom on election night.
                        While some observers said they doubted
                        Waxman, who has threatened to seek a
                        subpoena if the tapes aren't turned over by
                        Labor Day, could force NBC to turn over
                        any tapes, they said the dispute highlighted
                        the pitfalls for executives from 1st
                        Amendment-protected industries who
                        voluntarily appear in front of Congress.
                        At issue in Lack's case is sworn testimony at
                        the February hearing into botched election
                        night news coverage. In his testimony, Lack
                        offered to turn over a copy of tapes--if they
                        existed--that showed the newsroom actions
                        of his corporate boss, General Electric
                        Chairman Jack Welch.

@_date: 2001-08-08 12:41:05
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: lynx for mirroring? (Re: Advertisements on Web Pages) 
Declan once gave a lynx command line that would download a website
(recursing) less the images, of course.  I found it didn't preserve
file names or directory hierarchy, so it was less useful for mirroring
sites I anticipated being oppressed.  Can anyone recommend a better
For wintel?

@_date: 2001-08-09 10:13:14
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Remailer Phases and Joseph Ashwood's criminal behavior 
tend to
Joe, only a dipshit thinks anonymity (or confidentiality) is for
You don't always give your personal info out every time you speak in
public, right?
You use envelopes, not postcards, right?
[1] stick with payphones and letters for your ransom notes and death
threats, Joe,
you'll find computers too complicated.

@_date: 2001-08-10 07:51:12
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: RE BOMB PLANS FOR CLEANING THE GENE POOL 
You could tell them to make a pound of NI3 but iodine is now a watched
Maybe a fuel-air (chechen special) with propane or acetylene?

@_date: 2001-08-10 13:25:25
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Fun at Walmart, FAM for Gophers (Re: BOMB PLANS) 
34% HCl sold by the gallon
H2SO4 in plumbum batteries
nitrate salts in the gardening area
polyols in antifreeze, in the automotive section
pyrex, heatplate, etc. in cookwares :-)
Yes, in prilled form.
Wonder if its still used in those sports-injury
instant-cold bags that I used to recrystallize it from in my youth...
Fuel-Air Munitions for Gophers
FARM SCENE: California Farmers Use Low-Tech Weaponry to Blast Furry
 Pests From Burrows - from Tampa Bay Online
 FRESNO, Calif. (AP) - Stalking the elusive pocket gopher and the brazen
ground squirrel, farmer Mike Lagaluso is armed with the latest low-tech
weaponry to blast the varmints from their underground lairs.
In a scene being repeated in orchards and vineyards up and down the
Valley, Lagaluso inserts an end of the Rodex 4000 into a hole in the
ground, injects a combination of oxygen and propane, hits a switch and
watches as the resulting explosion collapses a burrow several feet long.
"This has just been a never-ending battle. Now, hopefully, within a year
can get the population down to a manageable level and reduce our labor
costs for controlling these pests," said Lagaluso, who's using it on
and peach orchards in San Luis Obispo County.
Despite concerns about the product's effectiveness and safety - mostly
voiced by university researchers - several farmers said they've had
unparalleled success with the Rodex 4000. They like its portability -
oxygen and propane tanks can fit on the back of a small all-terrain
- and its pyrotechnics, though the explosions are mostly concussive.
To people who might think the Rodex 4000 is inhumane, its boosters say
better than pesticides that can take longer to kill an animal. There's
minimal risk that farmers will blow up dogs, coyotes or birds, which all
could be harmed by eating pests that have been poisoned.
At about $1,400, the Rodex 4000 is a serious product that doesn't come
in a
big cartoon box stamped Acme on the side.
And in an era of increasingly complex environmental regulations and
mounting pressure from suburbanites to limit pesticide use near homes
schools, farmers are constantly on the lookout for alternative pest
methods, said Darren Schmall, who uses the product in his agricultural
management business.
"It sounds like just such a big boy's toy until you go out and see how
thing works," Schmall said.
The Rodex 4000 doesn't blow gophers from their burrows or set them on
Its primary gas is oxygen, which is ignited by the propane and expands
rapidly into 30 feet to 50 feet of tunnel.
The critters inside are subjected to a massive concussive pressure that
produces a deadly hemorrhage at the base of their brains. The gases also
get into the creatures' lungs and when the oxygen expands, the lungs
essentially explode, said Ed Meyer, vice president of sales for Midvale,
Idaho-based Rodex Industries Inc.
Still, researchers at the University of California and the Montana
Department of Agriculture give the device mixed reviews.
Montana officials found the device killed only about 30 percent to 40
percent of targeted ground squirrels and about 30 percent of the prairie
dogs, said Monty Sullins, a vertebrate pest specialist.
"They're very reproductive," Sullins said of the animals. "Unless you're
getting 85 percent to 90 percent ... you're looking at repeat use. We
didn't have the numbers there to really recommend it as a major control
But farmers who are happy with it don't seem to mind going over the same
ground a few times. Schmall said he gets a 95 percent kill ratio by
a second visit to the same place within a week.
Farmers are eager to use anything that gives them an edge in the
battle against burrowing rodents, which destroy berms and irrigation
systems and eat the roots of young plants.
Desley Whisson, a vertebrate pests specialist with the University of
California at Davis, studied a device similar to the Rodex several years
ago. She worries about the fire risk when the Rodex 4000 is used in dry
fields or orchards.
Company officials concede the fire risk, but said if farmers use common
sense and take precautions, wildfires won't be a problem.
As for the risk to life and limb, Schmall said, "We've blasted easily
10,000 holes and I have yet to hand out even a Band-Aid to any of my

@_date: 2001-08-27 09:44:33
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: D'oh ---Scarfo's password was his dad's number 
Unable to crack the encryption code without a password,
                 went back again with a search warrant and placed on his
                 a high-tech device called a key logger, which monitors
                 keystroke. After nearly two months of surveillance, the
FBI cracked
                 his password: nds09813-050. A source close to the case
                 confirmed that it's Scarfo's father's prison
identification number. The
                 Feds had it all the time.

@_date: 2001-08-27 14:48:33
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: hacking NJ: All your professionals are ours 
Wired.com pointed to
which is about putting public records online.  This pointed to
  which lists 'professionals'
that NJ tracks.
Heh, All their professionals are 0urs.
A few minutes using the HTML CIRCUMVENTION/CRACKING tool "Netscape"
and fnord "Emacs" and we've got a nice catalog.  Physicians,
architects, veterinarians, master plumbers, beauticians of NJ, your
info is toast.  The web page limits you to, e.g., 800 physicians per
surname search; yet a search for "S" surnames yields 6974 MDs.
Go there, pick a profession, e.g., doctors at
Save as local, and edit the HTML.
1. Find "POST".  Prefix  to the relative CGI URL
in that line.
2. Find "OPTION".  Add a few zeroes to the number of hit results there.
Open the *local*, edited page in a browser.
Enter a letter, e.g., "s" and select the larger number of results to
If you enter "." you get 59,192 matches.  All the licensed MDs in NJ.
23M of HTML from A to T....
       NameTERZUOLI,ROBERT,J
Business Name
Address2481 STUART ST                ,
BROOKLYN             NY, 11229-5815
License NumberMA058265
Disciplinary HistoryNone
NameTESAR,JAMES,D                 Business Name
Address1002 VILLAGE LN               , WINTER
PARK          FL, 32792-3416
License NumberMA044222
Disciplinary HistoryNone
NameTESCHNER,BERNARD              Business Name
Address12 GREENRIDGE AVE             , WHITE
PLAINS         NY, 10605-1238
License NumberMA011599
Disciplinary HistoryNone
NameTESLER,MAX,A                  Business Name
Address661 PALISADE AVE              , ENGLEWOOD
CLIFFS     NJ, 07632-1800
License NumberMA028017
Disciplinary HistoryNone
NameTESLUK,GREGORY,C              Business Name
AddressHOPKINSON HOUSE 2104 WASHNGTN , SQUARE SO
PHILA      PA, 19106     License NumberMA041360
Disciplinary HistoryNone

@_date: 2001-08-28 07:39:12
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: The Privacy/Untraceability Sweet Spot 
LOL.  To some of us, the UK *is* a communist-controlled country,
however this is completely irrelevent to the IRA/UK spat.

@_date: 2001-08-28 09:57:52
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Aimee's sweet spot 
BlackPowder: Applied Chemistry for Defeating Knights With Swords
With Application to Selling Bibles in venaculars and other Vatican
allowing oppressed foreigners to join us, and to spur the collapse of

@_date: 2001-08-30 09:39:18
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: BATF, AP, Unintended Consequences author harassment 
the US
Wherein it says:
For example, in 1997 the book's publisher became aware that individuals
purporting to be BATF agents had
threatened vendors of the book in at least three different states with
"problems" if they did not cease their
sales of the book. A full-page ad in Shotgun News offering a $10,000
reward for the identity of these
individuals put a stop to that particular business.
Wouldn't this be evidence supporting AP?

@_date: 2001-08-31 17:22:49
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: stump go boom, and keeping kanooks at bay 
Last week, my local (SoCal) Home Depot had Grant's stump remover, which
appeared to be homogenous small spheres and KNO3 was mentioned
on the ingredients list :-)
Wait for a snowstorm.

@_date: 2001-07-17 10:56:28
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: What NAI is telling people 
Probably not well-done stego posted to widely read lists.

@_date: 2001-07-17 11:40:05
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: burning down the house (russian adobe rev-eng jailed) 
Concise understatement...
We care intensely, we are still reeling.
Anonymously coded Adobe e-book browser plug-in, anyone?
How do you picket a virtual store?

@_date: 2001-07-17 19:27:08
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: binding keys to meat makes our job so much easier.. 
Please do not include anything that may confuse the Carnivore box on my
My FBI handler gets a copy, of course.
Why should you need State Paperwork to assert that
some chunk of meat wishes to associate with some
Preferably someone else's.
Why not bring some Draft Registration cards from the Post Office, too.

@_date: 2001-07-17 19:33:30
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: more on tax protest 
Tuesday, July 17, 2001 1:27 p.m. EDT
               Tennessee Radio Talker Sets Record
               Straight on Tax Protest
               Over the weekend Tennessee newspapers were
               filled with reports of a near-riot at the
               State Capitol on Friday, after two Nashville
               talk radio hosts exhorted their listeners to
               march on the Legislature in protest over
               plans for a new statewide income tax.
               WLAC-AM's Phil Valentine and WWTN-FM's Steve
               Gill's call to arms prompted what the Memphis
               Commercial Appeal described as a "sometimes
               violent" altercation between police and up to
               2,000 protesters, an episode legislators
               called "harrowing and intimidating."
               "I was in fear for my safety last night,"
               state senator David Fowler later told Gill.
               "I was afraid someone might get shot."
               Reports of widespread window breaking made
               the protesters seem even more riotous.
               But Valentine tells NewsMax.com that the
               disruption, small as it was, was the result
               of police overreaction - more than 100 cops,
               some clad in riot gear, who were summoned to
               the scene by Gov. Don Sundquist, who backs
               the tax hike.
               "I began my remote broadcast in front of the
               Capitol and the people kept coming," the
               Tennessee radio talker explained.
               "Suddenly, the Nashville Police moved in. One
               motorcycle cop began ticketing motorists for
               horn honking. They brought in cops on
               horseback. The state police donned riot
               gear."
               Only later did Valentine learn that, as he
               put it, "some idiot had thrown a rock through
               the reception area window of the governor's
               office." The incident sent state troopers
               into overdrive, the radioman told
               NewsMax.com.
               "Two different people in cars were pulled
               from their vehicles and handcuffed,"
               Valentine said.
               "One was a gentleman who dared ask a cop his
               name after he witnessed him verbally abusing
               a woman in her car. The second was a mother,
               riding with her husband and 3-year-old
               daughter."
               According to the afternoon-drive-time talker,
               when the officer told the woman to go home
               she replied that it was her "constitutional
               right to protest." He shot back, "I'll show
               you a constitutional right."
               In a flash, the officer swung into action.
               According to Valentine, he began to "pull the
               woman from the passenger side of the car,
               then handcuffed her and threw her in the back
               of a squad car in front of her hysterical
               little girl."
               After the altercation, Valentine had both
               protesters on his show to describe their
               ordeals.
               Besides the folks he interviewed, Valentine
               says a local television news station caught a
               state trooper on videotape "choking one
               protester, then throwing him to the ground
               and dragging him by one foot while the guy
               showed no resistance."
               Tennessee media reports painting the
               demonstrators as a rabble-rousing mob
               hell-bent on violence are a complete
               distortion, the popular Nashville host
               insisted.
               "I was right in the middle of it. We had
               everything from soccer moms to grandmas and
               kids of all ages. It was more of a patriotic
               Fourth of July-type atmosphere than anything
               else."
"Ok.  That's pretty much my limit."
---Black Unicorn

@_date: 2001-07-18 09:25:27
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: problem no. 1 
somewhere on
Problem number one is folks like you who accept the state denigration
without thinking.

@_date: 2001-07-18 11:18:18
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Agit Spam and other Citizen Actions [Adobe vs. Rationality] 
Sure, that's harshing on infrastructure.  Bad hacker, no coffee.
But something like search-engine poisoning is not a crime.
Regular ole boycotts are not yet Conspiracies to Interfere
With Interstate Trade.  Hell, spamming with negative comments
is still legal; what if the spam seemed to come from Adobe?
What if the agit-spam seemed to come from, say, a near-name like
AdobeCo.com?  How about a little anonymous stock price rumor mongering?
Probably Adobe is resistant to change their course; they prefer to sleep
the likes of the Valenti Mafia...
"I'm apoplectic at the sheer chutzpah."  ---Stanton McCandlish

@_date: 2001-07-19 09:19:03
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: over a billion tax dollars and a broadcaster gets a monopoly on it... 
billion to date and
For 1.3e9, and some broadcast co. gets exclusive rights?
Stream this, mofo...

@_date: 2001-07-21 11:20:34
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: [free-sklyarov] Re: Rallies on Monday 
M.E. is too conservative.  Our psych-history-simulations reveal that
you'will make a point
by using the specific term "kidnapping", as in, Adobe Kidnapped Dmitri
Adobe Kidnaps Fair Use.
"It is not the function of our government to keep the citizen from
falling into error; it is the function of the citizen to keep the
government from falling into error" - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert
H. Jackson

@_date: 2001-07-21 11:20:46
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: [free-sklyarov] Re: Rallies on Monday 
M.E. is too conservative.  Our psych-history-simulations reveal that
you'will make a point
by using the specific term "kidnapping", as in, Adobe Kidnapped Dmitri
Adobe Kidnaps Fair Use.
"It is not the function of our government to keep the citizen from
falling into error; it is the function of the citizen to keep the
government from falling into error" - U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert
H. Jackson

@_date: 2001-07-21 11:31:03
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Lawyer not charged for giving out police witnesses' addresses 
Re: Kirkland police files, Jim Bell, cryptome, etc.
Basically a lawyer gives the addresses of two police witnesses
and gets off scott free.  Well, a lil' fine from his guild.
Are lawyers special objects now?
                                                                    LOS
                                                                   Judge
Dismisses Charges Against Olson
                                                                   By
ANNA GORMAN,
                                                                   TIMES
                                                                   A Los
County Superior
                                                                   Court
dismissed criminal
charges Friday
against Tony Serra, a
defense attorney in
                                                                   the
bomb conspiracy
                                                                   trial
of alleged
Liberation Army
member Sara Jane
                                                                   Serra
had faced trial
                                                                   on
charges that he
disclosed the
addresses and
                                                                   phone
numbers of
                                                                   two
police witnesses in a court
document for Olson's upcoming case.
                                                                   He
was scheduled to be tried July 30.
                                                                   The
Los Angeles city attorney's office
                                                                   moved
to drop the case after Serra
agreed to pay $5,000 to the Police
Memorial Foundation,

@_date: 2001-07-21 18:50:20
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Adobe's Dentures (was Re: Adobe's Teeth.  (Was: Re: [free-sklyarov] Re:  
Russians are usually skinnier.  You think DS won't have post-traumatic
Nice of Chuckie to jail a guy with two small kids.  Guess he didn't
learn much about the
appropriate use of force.
Obviously protesters doing anything *physically* threatening is just
opposite to the 'appropriate use of force' principle, and generally
for getting this engineer out of immediate  hassle.  As stupid as trying
toss a heavy metal cylinder at a riot cop who'se got a head shot at
close range.

@_date: 2001-07-22 09:39:18
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Filetopia = gnutella + crypto 
FYI: a gnutellish distrib P2P/search tool *with crypto*.  For Wintel.
   Filetopia is a free communications software that includes: instant
messaging, chat, e-mail, a powerful file sharing system with
   a search engine, online friends list and message boards. What is
unique to this software is the level of security and privacy
   that it provides. It uses a choice of strong ciphers and public key
techniques for all communications and sophisticated
   techniques to protect your IP and thus make you truly anonymous and
safe from attacks.
I've been running this P2P filesharer for a few days, its quite stable
and fast even on a
slow, old Win95 system (unlike many other P2P tools).
I have no assoc. with Filetopia

@_date: 2001-07-24 09:55:10
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: RF toll transponders are debit cards (good for food fraud) 
Thieves using stolen windshield toll
                        transponders have charged about $4,000
                        worth of food at McDonald's, where the
                        devices have been accepted as debit cards
                        since April 2000, according to a
                        Transportation Corridor Agencies
                        spokeswoman.
                        The transponders, which operate with a radio
                        signal that credits tolls--and now
                        cheeseburgers--to motorists' accounts,
                        allows users to skip toll plazas. The agency
                        receives 20 cents each time a McDonald's
                        purchase is made with a FasTrak.
                        Spokeswoman Clare Climaco said people
                        should treat a transponder like a credit or
                        debit card. "They should take it out of their
                        windshield and put it in a glove compartment or
purse when they're not
                        using it," she said.

@_date: 2001-07-25 09:04:26
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: where's dildo?  if he's not white, at Texas Southern University 
Report: TSU Law School Admissions Too Easy
                The American Bar Association is asking Texas Southern
University's law school to raise admission
                standards, effectively shutting the door to many black
and Hispanic students that would likely not have
                been accepted at other state law schools.
                                     The request comes as part of a
seven-year accreditation review of the
                                     Thurgood Marshall School of Law by
the ABA.
                                     The law school, created in 1946 to
allow blacks to attend a publicly
                                     funded law school, trains a
majority of the state's black and Hispanic law
                                     students.
                                     Experts said that many TSU law
students and graduates would likely not
                                     have been accepted at other state
law schools because their college grade
                                     point averages and entrance exam
scores were too low.
                "The attrition rate is unconscionably high, and the bar
passage rate remains the lowest among all law
                schools in the state of Texas," the Chicago-based ABA
said in a report obtained by the Houston
                Chronicle.
                The report, citing statistics from the July 2000 Texas
bar exam, said that 52 percent of TSU law school
                graduates passed the test on their first attempt, and 33
percent passed on subsequent attempts. The
                state-passing rate for those taking the exam for the
first time on the same date was 82 percent, and 42
                percent on second attempts.
                Of the 331 students who entered the TSU law school in
the fall of 1999, only 201 maintained the
                required 2.0 grade point average needed to stay at the
school by the end of the 2000 academic year,
                the report said. That gave the school a first-year
attrition rate of 40 percent, more than four times the
                national average of 8.9 percent.
                Admissions standards have already been raised slightly
to meet ABA concerns, said John Brittain,
                dean of the law school. He expects the school to retain
its ABA accreditation, which is required by the
                state. The school must submit a plan to the ABA by
                Brittain said that he believes it is possible to raise
admission standards to weed out many students who
                would not graduate or pass, but still provide an
opportunity to attend law school to minorities who
                otherwise might not qualify.
                "Raising admission standards presents a dilemma for the
state of Texas because it has abolished
                affirmative action in higher education," Brittain said.
"The Thurgood Marshall School of Law is
                performing a special mission for the state by allowing
many students to attend law school who would
                not have gained admission to other law schools.
                "We want to continue fulfilling this historical mission
of serving minorities. We have to do a little bit of
                both, raise admission standards and take educational
                In the 1999-2000 academic year, TSU officials said that
the school enrolled 92 percent of all black
                first-year law students attending the state's four
public law schools and 52 percent of the first-year
                Hispanic students.
                In recent years, the average Law School Admissions Test
score for students admitted to TSU has
                been 142, significantly below the national average of
150, the ABA said. The median grade point
                average for students admitted to TSU's law school has
ranged from 2.67 to 2.76, compared with the
                national average of 3.06 to 3.10.
                The ABA report also said that TSU's law school does not
have adequate resources to educate the
                large classes of approximately 300 students it has
admitted in recent years.
                The ABA report said that the law building is too small,
classes are crowded and that there is not
                enough space for clinical programs or student
                Brittain said that the university has pledged to spend
$5 million to renovate the law school building and
                is considering spending another $5 million to build a
new wing. He also said that the school will provide
                more training for the bar exam, strengthen its research
and writing programs, and increase library
                funding.
                For more information, log onto the Thurgood Marshall
School of Law Web site at

@_date: 2001-07-26 12:02:58
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: SirCam exposes telecom monopolist John Wehrung, Florida's Fast Net Now 
"John Wehrung"  and SirCam volunteered to
this list
the script of an advert *against opening comm monopolies to others*,
excerpted below.
JW, your "communication network" was built using the State's Eminent
'powers'.  Therefore the historical monopoly company must open its
racks to whoever wants to hook up.  Buy a clue.
Extracted Script:
Attached are two scripts currently in
production and a New script idea for a :60 second TV spot.  Please let
me know what you think.  Thanks!               IN ENGLISH & SPANISH--
following :30 second Spot is being cut in English & Spanish by the
Univision folks sometime before tomorrow @ noon.
?Imagine Government Taking your Car.   Sound Ridiculous?? :05:23 SECONDS
LESS      [Pause HASTA LAVISTA FRED] TIME:05 Seconds      ?The County
is considering Internet regulation,    Which forces one company to hand
over its    communication network to competitors?       It?s a bad
idea that government just shouldn?t do. :10:23 SECONDS OR
LESS                                                   NEW RADIO :60
Second in English
& Spanish-- This spot has been cut in English and a cassette will be
here tomorrow.  The Spanish version will be cut also sometime tomorrow
and be available for us Wednesday.         Imagine if you had a company
that gave people a product they liked at a price they could
afford.      You invest your time and money.  Your company creates jobs
& helps the economy.  That?s what American Free Enterprise is all
about.      But what if the government forced you to surrender your
business to your competition, so your competitors could make and sell
their products at your company.  Would that be fair?  Of course
not.      But local Government is talking about taking one Companies?
communication network and handing it over to competitors.      It?s
called the Open access plan & it?s a bad idea that will slow down
high speed internet access and will raise prices.      Call the
Miami-Dade County commission today @ 305/375-5124
375-5124 and tell
them the Open Access plan is a bad idea that Government Just
shouldn?t do.      This message is brought to you by Florida Fast Net
Now, committed to keeping government toll booths and roadblocks off
the Information Super
This is a
BRAND NEW :60 Second Spot for TV that incorporates all changes up to
date.      CAR SCENARIO-- TUESDAY 9/28?11:30AM   :60 SECOND TV
      :07--THIS MESSAGE IS BROUGHT TO FLORIDA FAST NET NOW    YOU BY
FLORIDA FAST NET NOW
   DEDICATED TO KEEPING GOVERNMENT    OFF THE
INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY.          :12--CAR SCENE: Full Beginning-- [Up
to ?Imagine?]      :06--Imagine government taking    your car.
Would that be fair?
Of course not.      :05--HASTA LA VISTA
FRED      :10--But the County Commission is being    lobbied on an
Internet Regulation that    would force one company to hand over its
INTERNET TAKE OVER IS UNFAIR    communication network to
competitors.      :05?It?s an unfair take over that will
slow   down Internet Access & raise prices. TV & INTERNET PRICES WILL
GO UP      :07--Call the County Commission Today and CONTACT MIAMI-DADE
COUNTY    tell them the Internet Take Over is a bad COMMISSION @
305/375-5124   idea that Government just shouldn?t do.  SAY NO TO
INTERNET TAKE OVER             :06--CAR SCENE: End With car peeling
John Wehrung   200 West College Avenue, Suite 308   Tallahassee, FL
32301   Voice: 850.681.6400 Fax: 850.681.7080 Email:
jwehrung at tidewaterinc.com         FAX MEMORANDUM TO: STEVE WILKERSON
(681-9676)      FROM: JOHN WEHRUNG      DATE: SEPTEMBER 27,
1999      SUBJECT: 3 SCRIPTS

@_date: 2001-07-26 18:55:01
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: WHERE IS DILDO? (was: The Martian   Private-Socialist-Anarchist) 
Don't worry Sandy, he's not using cypherpunks as the control

@_date: 2001-07-26 18:58:18
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: FC: Example of confidential email accidentally sent from  FBI'S NIPC 
And your point is?
You need a med adjustment.
I rest my case.

@_date: 2001-07-26 19:25:41
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Assasination Politics in the Middle East 
You're confusing two reports.  FG wrote about *private citizens*
calling for a whack via newspaper ad, which pisses off Israel the Govt
as much as the
Arizonans sniping immigrants on their own.  Or taking out an ad
calling for the whacking of Vincente Fox, fer instance.
Recently, both Israel and the Palestinians
gave lists of people they want to whack/imprison to the CIA
(who is playing fnord nanny).  These latter are official
"gummint" actions.  That's what you read about most recently.
Lets hope "Mr. Falun Gong"   amuses the folks
at cnnic.cn....

@_date: 2001-07-26 19:27:44
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: turning off your computer turns away hackers 
"turning off your computer turns away hackers"
---from the banner ad of the 'privacy leadership initiative'
as seen on drudgereport.com

@_date: 2001-07-27 08:08:13
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: When is Sircam source going to be put on Sourceforge? 
When is Sircam source going to be put on Sourceforge?

@_date: 2001-07-27 09:24:12
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Congressmen tell kids how to find P2P porn  
Friday July 27 11:08 AM ET
                Congressmen Warn About Online Porn
                By D. IAN HOPPER, AP Technology Writer
                WASHINGTON (AP) - The same technology that allowed
Internet users to swap music can be used
                by children to locate hard-core pornography, and two
congressmen are providing parents with some
                tips to keep it from happening.
                The programs, which have become popular since the
legally embattled Napster (news - web sites)
                began its decline and was finally knocked offline, can
transfer much more than the music files that
                Napster was famous for. They can help users share any
type of file, including pornographic movies.
                Reps. Henry Waxman, D-Calif., and Steve Largent,
R-Okla., released a report Friday alerting
                parents.
                ``It's not a question of gratuitous violence or bad
language or bad taste,'' Waxman said. ``It's an
                explosion of the most demeaning and dehumanizing
exhibitions imaginable, and it can appear on our
                children's computer screens whether they ask for it or
                Waxman and Largent aren't yet calling for legislation,
but want parents to be aware of the programs
                and realize that most Internet filtering software
doesn't stop them. Internet filters are designed to block
                Web pages, but most can't scan movies or block sharing
                The design of sharing networks like BearShare, Aimster
and LimeWire complicates the matter further.
                Unlike Napster, the individual users contact directly,
instead of using a central computer. This is also a
                headache for copyright holders including the music and
movie industries, which can't file suit to close
                down the network because in many cases no company exists
to sue.
                Since Napster's fall, the upstart decentralized
file-sharing networks have flourished. They are some of
                the most downloaded programs on the Internet, dwarfing
Napster's popularity during its heyday.
                The lawmakers said parents shouldn't rely on the
effectiveness of filters and should talk frequently with
                their children about how they use the computer. Putting
the children's computer in a common room
                may also help, they said.
                The report, prepared by a House committee, says
pornography is both popular and prevalent on the
                networks, and that children may accidentally stumble
upon it when looking for something else.
                The search term ``porn'' ranks second only to a word for
pirated movies on the Gnutella (news - web
                sites) network, and various other adult terms dominate
the Top 30 list.
                Even if children search for other popular downloads,
like typing in the names of pop stars Britney
                Spears or Christina Aguilera, they can find surprising
                ``When the Special Investigations Division used the
popular file-sharing program Aimster to search for
                videos of Britney Spears, over 70 percent of the results
were pornographic files,'' the report states.

@_date: 2001-07-27 10:48:54
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: ref on DNA databases 
Estonia, a country of 1.5 million in Northern Europe, launches a project
building a national health and DNA database (see Science, Oct. 6 2000,
Nature Biotech
Nov 2000). This database will bring direct benefits to the Estonian
people and to their healthcare. In addition to that, at the global
level, it will offer a tremendously
valuable tool for datamining to find disease susceptibility markers or
disease genes. Above all, these databases could serve as an example of
emerging foundations of
the future personalized medicine through the use of information and gene
technologies in the healthcare. I would like to introduce you the
project, the legal, ethical
and educational homework that has been done during the past one and a
half years. Furthermore, I would like to draw your attention to
technological requirements
concerning information technology (incl. Databases) and genotyping that
still need to addressed to make a full use of that information.

@_date: 2001-07-27 10:52:15
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: not just iceland: more refs on more countries w/ DNA db  
A good gene
pool, like love, is where you find it. Now genomics researchers have two
new ones to swoon over: one from Estonia, a crossroads of Scandinavian
cultures and the northernmost of the former Soviet Union's Baltic
and from Tonga, an island kingdom half a world away where a Polynesian
people has lived in near-perfect isolation se to 3,500 years. Tonga and
Estonia laid final plans last November and December, respectively, for
national gene pool exploration programs aimed at discovering
genes and developing therapies based on the
discoveries. 
They follow
the trail blazed by Iceland,1 where for several years the gene pool of
275,000 Icelanders has been the fishing preserve of Reykjavik-based
Genetics which is hunting for gene variants that affect serious, often
chronic diseases by finding statistical links between Icelanders'
and their inherited illnesses. The Tongan project will be a commercial
affair run by AutoGen Ltd. of Melbourne, Australia, with permission of
the Tongan Ministry of Health. Two organizations, one nonprofit, the
for-profit, will control Estonia's project; both are property of the
government. 
Prior to the
Estonian parliament's action of December 13, only the nonprofit Eesti
(the Estonian Genome Center Foundation) was in place; now it will be
by Eesti Geenivaramu (the Estonian Genebank Foundation), the engine of
the venture. Eesti Geenivaramu will carry out the project; Eesti
will own the data. 
The project
enjoys enormous popular support. A poll indicates 90 percent of 1.4
Estonians like the idea of a big project with potential benefits to
and that also helps the country's fledgling biotech industry.
may freely access their own data, otherwise strictly secret, and get
if project research yields treatments that might be beneficial. If 1
Estonians are genotyped within five years, as officials predict, Estonia
will own the behemoth of population genotyping projects, the only one
a database sized in terabytes. 
The Estonian
Foundation officially opens in March in the city of Tartu. Kickoff money
of 20 million kroons (US$1.3 million) funds a pilot genotyping project
scheduled to begin in the fall. But the real money--$100-150 million
five years--will come from payments for nonexclusive licenses for data
access and intellectual property rights to drugs and diagnostics
from research. Part of the genebank foundation's mission is to sign up
international partners, chiefly research institutes and biotech and
the 10,000-patient pilot project will focus on hasn't been decided, but
the search for volunteers will take advantage of patient group
for cancer, Parkinson's disease, osteoporosis, and diabetes. Patients in
for checkups will be invited to participate (strictly on a voluntary
by filling out extensive health questionnaires and donating 50 ml blood
samples for DNA extraction. 
When many
influence an illness, as in heart disease, cancer, and diabetes,
genotyping is preferable to family studies. Family studies work well
a single gene underlies a disease. They rely on linkage analysis, where
researchers find genetic markers matching disease inheritance patterns,
and then use the markers to map the chromosomal region containing the
as the first step toward its isolation. With polygenic diseases, where
individual alleles seldom sharply increase the relative risk of disease,
correlating genetic markers and inherited predisposition to disease
genotyping hundreds or thousands of people. When gene hunting becomes a
game of sifting through massive amounts of data, the Estonian project
show strength through numbers," says Andres Metspalu, the driving force
of Estonia's gene pool expedition. 
life span: 70 years) see themselves as representative westerners; they
suffer the same diseases prevalent elsewhere in the West, in similar
Ensconced by the Baltic Sea for some 5,000 years, they have not been
crisscrossing contacts with neighboring nations have made their gene
more heterogeneous than Iceland's or Tonga's. "Estonia has been sort of
a highway," says Kalev Kask, a Stanford neuroscientist who acts as the
project's U.S. representative, "Everybody has come and downloaded their
genotype there." 
 deCODE
navigates the Icelandic gene pool aided by the country's unprecedented
genealogies, recorded meticulously for more than a thousand years, back
to days when lineages were set down in blood on scraps of leather.
many Estonian genealogies go back to the 1600s, we'll take a more ad hoc
approach using them," Metspalu says. De-emphasizing those records is in
part because nearly 30 percent of Estonia is Russian speaking,
recent era immigration and family records carrying back only a
or two. 
Finding genes
exerting relatively small effects on diseases means scanning the entire
genome. Estonian genotyping will employ single nucleotide polymorphism
(SNP) assays, where SNP oligonucleotide hybridization probes detect
base sequence differences between DNA molecules. (deCODE genotypes with
microsatellites.) There is no lack of SNPs to choose from--Public
span the genome with hundreds of thousands of SNP sequences. What is
is consensus on which ones to use, a matter of economic as well as
importance. 
Depending on
how completely the chosen SNPs cover the genome, genotyping most of
could conceivably require billions of assays. Even at a penny apiece
estimates a SNP assay now costs about 20 cents), that could send the
cost soaring into hundreds of millions of dollars. So automated,
SNP testing must drastically cut per-assay price, and judicious choices
will have to be made about which SNPs to use. These decisions will
heavily on the preferences and resources of the eventual commercial
partners. 
Genes in
A South
archipelago situated just west of where the international dateline cuts
across the Tropic of Capricorn, Tonga's only significant immigration
when it became the home of the Polynesians who first found it centuries
before the appearance of Alexander, Caesar, and Christ. AutoGen's
in Tonga grows out of the diabetes studies it has done there for several
years. The primary thrust of its research will be discovery of genes
in diabetes and obesity, major health concerns among Tonga's 108,000
AutoGen will
establish a research lab at a hospital in Nuku'Alofa, the constitutional
monarchy's capital, provide annual research funding to the health
and pay royalties to the government if any drugs are developed as a
of the project. 
 As in
research participation is purely voluntary. DNA samples will belong to
Tonga; AutoGen may use the data to create new therapies. "Initially
use traditional genome scans with microsatellites to localize areas of
interest, and then use SNP approaches for fine mapping," says Greg
AutoGen's chief scientific officer. The Tongan family structure should
make correlating genotypes and phenotypes somewhat easier; in most small
Tongan villages inhabitants are blood relatives. 
The project
comes just as some researchers have changed their minds about the
of studying isolated homogenous gene pools instead of heterogeneous gene
pools in America and Europe. A few years ago, it was believed that
genes would stand out more clearly against the simpler genetic
of isolated populations such as those of Tonga and Iceland. But standing
out depends on the frequency of the allele and how much it raises the
risk of disease. Recent theoretical and experimental results suggest
with weak effects on relative risk may be no easier to find in a small
isolated population than in a large heterogeneous
one. 
This finding
may bear on scientific and financial decisions about which gene pools to
explore next. Undoubtedly, so will deCODE's demonstration that isolated
gene pools yield rich finds. Over the past year, deCODE isolated a gene
linked to schizophrenia, mapped genes linked to stroke and late-onset
disease, and pinpointed chromosomal regions containing genes
to osteoporosis and peripheral arterial occlusive
disease. 
In any event,
once a population has been chosen and monetary commitments made, what
are results--and getting them before anyone else. Pressure to set a
pace is mounting as new competitors join in; for this is not a three-way
race. Last year, Newfound Genomics began to study Newfoundland Canadians
for genes contributing to psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis, and diabetes.
Myriad Genetics is at work in Utah, Sardinia, and Quebec. One thing they
all know is that finding a gene connected to an important disease can be
a tremendous thrill, but little more if it turns out that somebody else
found it first.

@_date: 2001-07-27 12:16:41
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: On the turning away of hackers 
Damnit, Alan, if you had prompted Leitl to say that you could have had
the retort:
"Careful with that axe, Eugene."

@_date: 2001-10-01 08:34:53
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: America needs therapy 
Hey, you should have seen what California was paying for hits of natural
early in the summer...
As long as you get a reliable, clean supply you can be healthy &
(like the founder of John's Hopkins, a medical morphine addict).
just needs to get a better supplier than those flaky arabs who are
having violent family spats.
 'for, while it may only be a cynic who questions the
benign intent of their current rulers, it would surely be a fool who
believed that such benevolence is assured in the future.

@_date: 2001-10-01 08:37:30
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: [FREE] stratfor (fwd) 
Balkans, just before WWI.  Poison gas followed that one (too).

@_date: 2001-10-01 11:17:23
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Operation Lingering Pain (Re: [FREE] stratfor (fwd)) 
Heh, if labor takes too long you go in for a Caesarian.
Damn, those Romans showing up again...
Maybe that's what they mean by a "surgical strike"...
Bluffs will be published if comical but otherwise ignored. -JY

@_date: 2001-10-03 08:36:59
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: RIAA Legal Analysis 
I wonder if they violated any terms in the EULA during their
reverse engineering..
Material Contribution
 o FastTrack [XEROX] creates and licenses software primarily used for
the reproduction
   and distribution of copyrighted works.
 o FastTrack [ADOBE] created and controls encryption that ensures that
the network
   remains closed and insulated from outside monitoring.
 o [YAHOO] Provides a dynamic list of available supernodes where content
can be
   exchanged (possibly through the .38 server).
 o [YAHOO/GOOGLE] Continually updates the list of available supernodes
and communicates that
   information to users (likely through the .34 server).
 o [YAHOO] FastTrack, MusicCity and Grockster maintain log-in servers.

@_date: 2001-10-03 18:09:08
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: WTC Crimes Against the Constitutionn Scene 
See Tomlinson on Psion memory sleight-of-hand...
Not that you were ready for it.  Fuck.  You innocent.
You need a decent spycam, or a real-time sat uplink, an ultralight to
cruise the urban canyans and buzz Ms liberty.  A guardian angel
Predator hovering over your shoulder.  Best leave the war_photog
to Declan and similar Youngsters, and other einsturzende neubauten
As if other more serious hobbyist documenters don't have Long lenses and
Sensitive film.
They must have picked up your antisocial electromagnetic emanations
cominng through your copper-mesh burkha; a lamb wearing an
aluminum-foil Stetson, gripping the 60 Mton phallus as it
GPS's its way home at 32 ft/sec^2, freezing on the way down
because its been shorn.
As if you're a fucking teenage arsonist-obsessive, coming back to enjoy
the scene.  Yeah, an architect ---he'd know the scoop on buildings
and physics, put him on our short list.  Shit, he's probably read the
Fountainhead.  Oooh, he's on *that* mailinglist too,
put him on our extradoubleplus short list.  Oh shit, he's got a document
and he knows how to use it.  Tap this bugger.  Seize his ass.  Ets.
First they pissed on themselves (d'oh; which wayz the wind blowin'?),
now they shit on themselves, brownshirts for sure.
Gotta thank the Muslim Falwells for accelerating things, Homeland
Fascism on
Internet Time.  We were getting bored with Condit anyway.

@_date: 2001-10-03 18:25:51
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
Or for readers to take "Google" as representative
of wget-crazed ephemeral rogue libertarian librarians.

@_date: 2001-10-25 07:38:19
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Would you like your frog flash cooked or freeze dried  
How about freeze-drying and milling him?
Wait until spores show up in hospitals... if you want to kick it up a

@_date: 2001-10-25 07:45:13
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: web.archive.org Internet archive to open ---google + archeology 
Hey Mitch  --Another part of your permenant record
By JOSEPH MENN, Times Staff Writer
SAN FRANCISCO -- An Internet archive containing more text than any
library in history will open its digital doors today, giving researchers
and the public access to just about everything posted on the World Wide
Web over the last five years.
The free archive, created by a San Francisco computer entrepreneur named
Brewster Kahle, allows academics to conduct the electronic equivalent of
archeological digs, rooting through reams of material illustrating the
evolution of the Web and its role in American society.
The Internet Archive, informally called the Wayback Machine, holds more
than 10 billion Web pages dating to 1996, including millions that had
vanished as dot-coms collapsed, big companies scaled back or updated
their offerings, and hobbyist Webmasters lost interest.
Researchers and academics have likened Kahle to a modern-day Andrew
Carnegie, the steel baron who endowed many of the nation's finest
"Libraries are dedicated to collecting and making available the
permanent historical record," said Diane Kresh, the Library of Congress'
director for public service collections. She said trolling the Net is as
significant as gathering books or periodicals.
Want to see what the Heaven's Gate cult page looked like before the
group's mass suicide? There it is. Want to see how Yahoo's pages have
changed since 1996? Step this way. Pages published by everyone from
Fortune 500 companies to renegade porn merchants are stashed in the
Internet Archive.
The five-year, multimillion-dollar project has amassed five times as
much text as the Library of Congress, which helped fund the archive
along with Compaq Computer Corp., the National Science Foundation and
the Smithsonian Institution. The more-than 100 terabytes of data are
housed on 300 modified Hewlett-Packard desktop computers in a basement
at San Francisco's Presidio.
The effort to record Internet history has been directed and largely
financed by Kahle, a 41-year-old former supercomputer technologist who
sold one Web firm to America Online and another to Amazon.com.
"The opportunity of our time is to offer universal access to all of
human knowledge," Kahle said Wednesday from his office in the Presidio,
a decommissioned military base near the Golden Gate Bridge. "We're at a
unique point in time to offer universal access to anyone who walks into
a library in Uganda."
The Internet Archive uses automated "bots" to scour the Web. They
capture sites and return what they find to the computers at the
Presidio. The archive updates every two months. Once captured, the sites
are organized chronologically. Users type in a Web address, and the
archive displays versions of that site since 1996.
Sites that require passwords or block bots are not captured. And if
someone objects to their site being copied, the archive removes it.
As smaller, less accessible versions of the archive were being compiled,
Kahle's 30 staffers got a few complaints. After the staff explained that
it wasn't personal, that they were copying everyone's sites, the vast
majority decided they didn't mind, Kahle said.
"Most people say, 'You're crazy, but go for it,' " Kahle said. "People
want to be part of history."
Candidates to use the service, at web.archive.org, include academics,
journalists and researchers.
"It will allow researchers to study the evolution of the Web in a way
that is unprecedented," said research scientist Ed Chi of the Xerox Palo
Alto Research Center. He said Xerox PARC scientists already are working
on new user interfaces based on what the archive showed them about how
people looked for information.
Early on, "we suspect people will go look for their own pages and see if
they can get copies of things that they've lost," Kahle said. "We're not
exactly sure how this is going to be used. We're looking forward to
being surprised."
Like many Internet pioneers, however, Kahle faces unfamiliar risks along
with the opportunities. The Internet Archive may be a massive violation
of copyright law.
"Brewster is taking an extraordinarily personal risk, because this is
potentially a criminal offense," said Lawrence Lessig, an expert on
intellectual property in cyberspace at Stanford University.
Kahle doesn't anticipate getting sued, let alone serving jail time. His
plan is to post whatever he can--and keep the archive growing.
"We're not here to test laws," Kahle said. "We're trying to build a
world we want to live in. The world without a library is a world without
a memory, and that would be tragic."
The legal questions may take years to resolve, Kahle and Lessig said.
Consider the Industry Standard. At least some of that defunct magazine's
articles are back online through Kahle's archive. But shareholder IDG
paid more than $1 million for the Standard's assets, including rights to
those stories. An IDG spokeswoman declined to say whether the company
would ask the archive to drop the articles.
Kahle said he isn't worrying about the hypotheticals. He's more excited
about finding early  pages from 1996 that dealt with
airport safety and bioterrorism.
Even better is what's to come.
"The woman who is going to be elected president in 2024 is in high
school now, and I bet she has a home page," Kahle said. "We have the
future president's home page!"

@_date: 2001-10-26 09:04:26
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Asscruft Puffery 
He is strutting and puffing like a rooster who watches his hens being
taken away
by a fox.
At least Reno was scary, neither are convincing.

@_date: 2001-09-02 19:13:14
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Single-Number Plan Raises Privacy Fears 
September 2, 2001
                    Single-Number Plan Raises Privacy Fears
                       Technology: System would link telephones, faxes
and Web addresses
                    while creating giant databases.
                    By JUBE SHIVER Jr., Times Staff Writer
                    WASHINGTON -- A controversial technology
                    under development by the communications
                    industry that links Internet addresses with phone
                    numbers has quietly picked up key government
                    support as concern mounts among critics that the
                    technology will broadly undermine privacy.
                    The technology, known as e-number, or ENUM,
                    would link phone numbers to codes that
                    computer servers use to route traffic on the Web.
                    Proponents say the technology would improve
                    communication for consumers and marketers
                    alike.
                    The industry envisions a sophisticated electronic
                    address book that would be able to direct
                    messages to virtually any fax machine, computer
                    or telephone, using a new 11-digit e-number. As
                    a result, a fax could be sent to someone who
                    lacked a fax machine but had an e-mail address.
                    Likewise, cell phone users would only have to
                    key in 11-digits to send e-mail, not a
                    cumbersome alphanumeric address.
                    But privacy advocates fear the system could
                    undermine online privacy and erode the security
                    of the public phone system as well. They worry
                    that the system would destroy a pillar of Internet
                    privacy: the assumption by users that they enjoy
                    anonymity in cyberspace.
                    The government's endorsement of the technology,
disclosed in interviews and
                    outlined in an Aug. 21 letter distributed to an
industry group, is seen as
                    critical in pushing it forward.
                    "The United States does see merit in pursing
discussions regarding
                    implementation of a coordinated, global [system] . .
. for ENUM," Julian E.
                    Minard, a State Department advisor to the
International Telecommunication
                    Advisory Committee, wrote to representatives of AT&T
and other
                    companies. But Minard cautioned in the letter that
aspects of the technology
                    advocated by industry "go beyond what is prudent or
                    ENUM is likely to be voluntary, requiring users to
sign up for the service.
                    But privacy experts say it will not be worth the
time and investment the
                    industry is making in the technology unless it is
widely used. So they expect
                    ENUM will be aggressively promoted.
                    "We believe that ENUM raises serious questions about
privacy and security
                    that need to be addressed before it's widely
deployed," said Alan Davidson,
                    associate director of the Center for Democracy and
Technology, a privacy
                    watchdog group based in Washington. "They are
promoting this as a system
                    that is going to make it really easy for people to
find you in all kinds of ways.
                    Well, we want to make sure that consumers can opt
out if they don't want to
                    be found."
                    Today, vigilant Web surfers can maintain a high
degree of anonymity because
                    e-mail and other Web addresses contain little
personal information. What's
                    more, Web addresses under aliases can easily be
created to cloak the
                    identity of the sender. As a result, marketers have
been forced to spend
                    millions of dollars to get Web surfers to
voluntarily give up personal
                    information.
                    By contrast, a phone number has a wealth of personal
information associated
                    with it, including a street address, billing records
and dialing data. Marrying
                    such information to Web addresses would represent a
leap in private data
                    warehousing in cyberspace and dramatically increase
the risk of privacy
                    invasions, experts say.
                    "Someone could write a program to query the ENUM
database and obtain
                    every line of your contact information and send spam
to every
                    communications device you own," said Chris
Hoofnagle, legislative director
                    of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in
                    Hoofnagle added that industry claims that consumers
would be able to opt
                    out of the system, or otherwise protect their
private information, are hollow.
                    "There could be coercion down the road [by
marketers] to push consumers
                    to use ENUM to store their contact information.
Absent legislation, there is
                    likely to be abuse."
                    Since the Federal Communications Commission
regulates the nation's
                    telephone industry and the Commerce Department
administers key contracts
                    that allow private firms such as Mountain View,
Calif.-based Verisign Inc. to
                    register Internet domain names, the government is
likely to play a powerful
                    role in the outcome of ENUM.
                    Its backing of further ENUM development is the most
significant support yet
                    for the technology. It comes as a newly created
industry group, called the
                    ENUM-Forum, agreed last week to an ambitious
schedule to conclude
                    work on ENUM by next May.
                    "This is a big milestone," Gary W. Richenaker, of
Telcordia Technologies
                    Inc., said of the group's first meeting last Monday.
Richenaker, who chaired
                    the gathering, said that officials of the State
Department, Federal Trade
                    Commission and Commerce Department attended.
                    ENUM would work by combining two massive electronic
databases: North
                    American telephone numbers now administered by a
Washington company
                    called NeuStar Inc. and the main database that
routes Internet messages,
                    which is largely controlled by Verisign.
                    An ENUM address reverses a standard phone number and
                    "e164.arpa" to it. For example, the toll-free
directory assistance number
                    would be converted to
2.1.2.1.5.5.5.0.0.8.1.e164.arpa. ENUM would
                    recognize both the e164.arpa address and the phone
number as belonging to
                    directory assistance.
                    With some software tweaks to the current Internet
system, computers could
                    be made to route messages to such 11-digit ENUM
addresses in much the
                    same way they now use up to 12-digits to send e-mail
and display Web
                    pages.
                    Although industry engineers recently completed
technical specifications for
                    ENUM, AT&T, Cisco Systems Inc., SBC Communications
Inc. and more
                    than 20 members of the ENUM-Forum agreed last week
to work out
                    additional critical details of the system.
                    ENUM-Forum players also include AOL Time Warner
Inc., British
                    Telecommunications plc and NetNumber.com Inc.--a Web
start-up that has
                    been operating a private, volunteer ENUM system for
nearly a year.
                    The companies will tackle operational and security
issues, such as who
                    would be authorized to make service changes. Phones
are ordinarily
                    associated with street addresses, not individuals,
so businesses and
                    households with more than one person or phone would
need to determine
                    who has control over the ENUM associated with the
                    The State Department's Minard said his Aug. 21
letter reflected the input of
                    several government agencies but termed the document
a "draft" that could
                    change as industry details about ENUM evolve.
                    Minard declined to elaborate on the misgivings
expressed about ENUM in
                    the letter. Other sources say ENUM is most strongly
supported by the
                    Commerce Department, while the FCC and State
Department remain wary
                    of the potential political fallout from embracing
the technology.
                    The industry, too, is divided over how much the
government should be
                    involved. The heavily regulated telephone industry
supports a broader
                    government role than do Internet companies such as
Verisign and AOL Time
                    Warner.
                    Stacy M. Cheney, an attorney for the Commerce
Department, said the
                    government has not decided whether to play any
regulatory role. But he said
                    officials support "continuing discussions" on ENUM
and would send
                    representatives to a Sept. 12 meeting of an
International Telecommunication
                    Union panel to discuss the technology.
                    Industry officials liken ENUM's potential effect to
the introduction of
                    touch-tone dialing in 1963. That advance paved the
way for a host of
                    modern phone features, including the ability to bank
by phone and navigate
                    voicemail menus.
                    ENUM "could be a huge boon to Internet telephony and
                    communications convergence," said Aristotle Balogh,
vice president of
                    technology at Verisign.
                    ENUM, however, may never be embraced by businesses
or consumers
                    because of the privacy concerns. The technology will
also require support
                    from Internet service providers, software
developers, phone carriers and
                    others.
                    Still, ENUM is expected to gain momentum with the
government's support.
                    It could also get a big boost from efforts by
Microsoft Corp. and AOL Time
                    Warner to make new versions of their software
support ENUM technology.

@_date: 2001-09-06 14:12:59
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: police tracking activists (the more things change...) 
September 6, 2001
                   By VIK JOLLY and TONY SAAVEDRA
                   The Orange County Register
                   ANAHEIM -- Detectives compiling information on Latino
activists used
                   an investigative technique typically reserved for
investigating organized
                   crime, drug networks and street gangs, according to a
former police
                   captain.
                   Police, under orders from Chief Roger Baker, created
                   charts on five Latino activists who complained about
alleged police
                   misconduct. Baker presented the confidential report
Nov. 14, 2000, to the
                   City Council in a closed-door briefing.
                   Retired Capt. Marc Hedgpeth said the charts showing
the activists and
                   their connections to community groups were part of a
process called "link
                   analysis," often used to outline conspiracies.
Hedgpeth, who headed
                   Anaheim's intelligence unit for four of his 25 years
with the department,
                   said the process in Anaheim is almost never used on
                    To my knowledge just looking at the report, I can't
think of a time when
                   we ever used a link analysis process to deal with
people who are not
                   suspected of any kind of criminal conduct," said
Hedgpeth, who competed
                   with Baker for the chief's post. "At least four of
those people who were
                   attacked by Baker, we never suspected them of any
kind of criminal
                   conduct."

@_date: 2001-09-06 17:20:32
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: DoJ claims to have subpeona'd reporters phone records 13 
DoJ claims to have subpeona'd reporters phone records 13 times/decade

@_date: 2001-09-06 17:26:19
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: sued for spying on employees inside your own house 
Posted: September 6, 2001 06:02 PM
                (WSVN, JUST ONE STATION) Talk show host Rosie O'Donnell
is being sued by former
                members of her security staff.
                They claim she spied on them and illegally recorded
their conversations at her South Florida
                mansion.
                Although she doesn't live down here all the time...Rosie
O'Donnell is part of the South Florida
                celebrity scene.
                And now like many celebs before her, she finds herself
on the wrong end of a lawsuit.
                Rosie O'Donnell is a superstar. But she's lost three of
her fans.
                Chris Delia, Steve Rubio and Ted Van Rijan have filed a
lawsuit against Rosie and two security
                firms.
                They say while working security at her star island home
- their conversations were illegally
                recorded by a device hidden in smoke detector.
                All had worked for her for years and say they felt close
to the star and her four children.
                Steve Rubio, Security Guard said, "We developed a bond
with the kids you know, we were the
                male figures, the dominate male figures in their lives
pretty much."
                But the men say any feeling of family evaporated when
they were fired after they complained
                about the hidden recordings.
                Steve Rubio, Security Guard said, "It's especially
hurtful because you basically feel betrayed."
                They say if she had apologized , they wouldn't have
filed a lawsuit. Instead Steve says he got
                a phone call from an irate Rosie.
                Steve Rubio, Security Guard said, "And she was just
yelling and screaming and cursing at me
                and you know it was - I was shocked to the point I
couldn't even respond to her except to say I
                think it's probably best to speak, you know, to our
                All three men are private investigators and say they
understand a star's need for privacy.
                They suspect they were recorded because Rosie was
concerned about leaks to the media
                about her private life.
                Its something they say they never did.
                Steve Rubio, Security Guard said, "Absolutely. And could
you look Rosie in the eye and say -
                absolutely and she should know better - she should know
                But their lawyer says it was Rosie who violated their
                Russell Adler, Attorney says, "My clients protected
Rosie's family and their privacy and that
                was very important to them to do that - and Rosie didn't
protect theirs."
                Steve Rubio, Security Guard said, "We would never betray
her the way she betrayed us - we
                would never do that."
                Expect Rosie O'Donnell to challenge that. she wasn't
talking about the lawsuit - but her
                publicist denies any wrongdoing and says Rosie looks
forward to defending herself in court.

@_date: 2001-09-08 11:27:27
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Senators in need of retirement; the police state 
At 09:30 PM 9/7/01 -0700, keyser-soze at hushmail.com wrote
,>I think any Senator who signs on for this has earned killing.
Reminds me of when a sociologist was interviewing a southern farmer:
Why do you think the murder rate is higher in the south?
I guess more southerners need killin'.
as told by Aaron Evans

@_date: 2001-09-08 13:25:09
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: AOL subpeona'd for chat room 'witness' truename 
DULLES, Va. (AP) - Colorado police investigating the 1996 death of
JonBenet Ramsey are trying to learn the identity of an America Online
subscriber who claimed in an Internet message that he witnessed the
6-year-old's slaying.
The Washington Post reported Saturday that Boulder, Colo., police
Detective Thomas Trujillo asked Loudoun County, Va., investigators to
file a search warrant asking AOL for the user's name, e-mail files and
buddy lists.
Boulder city spokeswoman Jana Peterson confirmed the report in an
interview with Denver's KUSA-TV, but said: "It is not, in our
estimation, any more significant than any number of tips that we've
received in the past five years."
An affidavit for the warrant said the message was posted on a Web site
devoted to JonBenet, who was found beaten and strangled in the basement
of her family's Boulder home on Dec. 26, 1996. No charges have been
filed in the killing.
Police Chief Mark Beckner received an e-mail Aug. 8 from an AOL user
about the "confession," according to the affidavit
"I was there when the whole thing occurred," the Aug. 7 message read. "I
never wanted any part in it, but they said if I didn't help I would be
killed as well."
Messages left by The Associated Press for Beckner and Trujillo were not
immediately returned. Loudoun County officials said no one would be
available for comment until Monday.
AOL spokesman Nicholas Graham said the Dulles-based company were
cooperating with authorities. He declined to identify the source of the

@_date: 2001-09-16 10:46:37
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: On Internet and social responsibility 
Then what is your point?
What are you afraid of?
This is
With more speech.
So is CNN, what is your point?
And a Russian calling a fuckistan web site "lies" is just hilarious.
Go back and ask your masters what you should think.
Don't believe half of what you see
and none of what you hear  ---Lou Reed, Last Great American Whale

@_date: 2001-09-16 11:16:48
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Burning airlines give you so much more 
The Irish Problem would not be with us if the Romans had killed all the
islanders instead of leaving some alive.
Lots of problems go away when we are domesticated/pogrommed to the point
The Crusades have been going on for hundreds of years.  That a
DC reporter should want to continue them is offensively ahistorical but
not surprising.
There's a reason its illegal to wear a burkha in Turkey.  Interface
(boundary) areas
are always interesting.  Ask the Albanians.
Make religion illegal, lots of stupid problems disappear.
                When I got back home I found a message on the door
                     Sweet Regina's gone to China crosslegged on the
                            Of a burning jet that's smoothly flying
                           Burning airlines give you so much more
                     How does she intend to live when she's in far
                     I somehow can't imagine her just planting rice all
                              Maybe she will do a bit of spying
                            With microcameras hidden in her hair
                     I guess Regina's on a plane a Newsweek on her knees
                 While miles below the curlews call from strangely
stunted trees
                         The painted sage sits just as though he's
                             Regina's jet disturbs his wispy beard
                                Brian Eno, Burning airlines give you so
much more

@_date: 2001-09-16 11:37:25
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: MARTIAL LAW Cypherpunks and terrorism 
Hmmm, if the US used gas there wouldn't be all that *archeological*

@_date: 2001-09-16 12:45:37
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Pakistan's Price: $30bbn per trick 
They should get the Serbs to negotiate; they got $100 million for
turning in Milosevic to the US.  But with CI chiefs in FBI, CIA coming
at around a million each, they may have gone for the easy deal...
Fox News just interviewed a Catholic priest who blessed the future

@_date: 2001-09-16 13:07:23
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Palestinian celebration videos censored 
JERUSALEM (September 16) - About 1,500
               Palestinians, many supporters of Hamas, marched in a
               Gaza Strip refugee camp Friday, burning Israeli flags and
               carrying a large poster of Osama bin Laden, an exiled
               Saudi millionaire who US Secretary of State Colin
               Powell has named a key suspect in last week's terror
               attacks in the United States.
               After the rally, plainclothes Palestinian policemen
               questioned several journalists, including members of
               foreign news agencies, and confiscated videotape, film,
               and other camera equipment. An Associated Press
               Television News video was among the materials taken,
               and an AP photographer was warned by officials not to
               publish pictures of the bin Laden poster.
               AP protested and demanded the return of the video and
               other material.
               The journalists were told police would review the
               material before deciding whether or not to release it.
               Palestinian Authority officials refused to comment on the
               record and did not respond immediately to AP's protest.
               The Palestinian Police said in a statement that the rally
               the Nusseirat refugee camp took place without a permit.
               "The Palestinian Police confiscated media material which
               documented illegal acts," the statement said.
               Earlier last week, Palestinian Police stopped camera
               teams and photographers from covering a rally in Nablus
               in which several thousand Palestinians celebrated the
               attacks in the US. Palestinian officials said the
               demonstration did not represent widespread Palestinian
               opinion.
               According to one source, the Reuters correspondent in
               Nablus not only agreed to the PA demand not to
               document the rally, but attempted to press his AP
               counterpart to follow suit. He was unable to reach him in
               time. The AP cameraman later received death threats.

@_date: 2001-09-17 11:29:42
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: more satellite images of WTC 
JY has some overhead WTC images at cryptome.org; see also

@_date: 2001-09-18 08:10:10
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: kuro5hin.org || War, in the name of God! 
Unfortunately, while you generally get more clue with the former than
the latter,
the Talliban are a recalcitrant population and acid would only make them
Besides, you're not supposed to use chem weapons.. though I suppose acid
is a riot control agent... a thousand points of light, oh maaan... check
out the tracers dood...

@_date: 2001-09-18 08:18:00
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: IP: Osama bin Laden and crypto (fwd) 
You should hear the tapes of Monica & Bill they have!

@_date: 2001-09-18 14:07:17
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: ghost of steve jackson 
And Microsoft has postponed the October launch of its latest version of
"Flight Simulator," which offers the ability to fly into buildings.
Well I feel much safer now.

@_date: 2001-09-19 11:45:45
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: "Banning strong encryption would prove as ineffective as 
"Banning strong encryption would prove as ineffective as
shutting down Napster,"

@_date: 2001-09-19 11:51:20
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Afghanistan Gems 
The gem industry was helping the militant Afghans raise money
back when they were US allies.  In the bios below, helping
the Mujahideen is listed as a cool thing, for both locals
and US folks.
Anwar Pacha was born in Nuristan. He and his father, Fazel Manan Pacha,
joined the
                             Jihad in 1979. Together they organized the
tribes, established hospitals and assigned
                             doctors to care for the Mujahideen. From
his great grandfather to present, his family
                             has maintained leadership and a friendly
relationship with other tribes in Northeastern
                             Afghanistan. He has many followers in
Mohamand, Safi, Salarzi, Mahmoond, Gujur,
                             Shinwari tribes. Without these peoples,
mining of gemstones is not possible.
Mr. Aref Hanifi was born in Kabul, Afghanistan. He has been involved in
the Import-Export Business
                between the US, Europe, China, India, and Hong Kong.
After this he was involved in helping the
                Mujahideen, in particular, Khalil Nuristani and
Ubydullah Niazi of Northern Afghanistan (Kapisa).
Mr. Bowersox received his BBA degree from Western Michigan University
                                  he continued his post-graduate studies
in the field of finance and investments.
                                  After graduation he joined the United
States Army and obtained the rank of Major
                                  during the Viet Nam war. After his
honorable discharge from the US Army, he
                                  worked in the gem industry in Brazil,
Burma, Sri Lanka, Madagascar and
  Thailand. In 1973 he began working and surveying the gem mines of
Afghanistan. During 1976 he was awarded the
  exclusive rights for the export of lapis to the United States. After
the Russian invasion, Mr. Bowersox worked with
  the Mujahideen in developing the gem mines in Afghanistan. This
entailed many potentially dangerous trips into
  Afghanistan during the war. In 1997, he was appointed as consultant to
the Minister of Mines and
  Industry-Government of Afghanistan.

@_date: 2001-09-19 14:35:26
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: They all have to rearrange their brains now -- [WTC] is the 
Composer creates storm describing attack on US as 'work of art'
     HAMBURG, Germany, Sept 18 (AFP) -
     Composer Karlheinz Stockhausen, 73, has roused indignation in
Germany for describing last week's
     catastrophic airplane assaults on New York as "the greatest work of
art ever."
     The renowned contemporary composer, who was speaking to journalists
in Hamburg late Sunday,
     immediately retracted the remark and asked them not to report it.
     But as a result of what he said, two concerts featuring Stockhausen
which were to be given Tuesday and
     Wednesday were cancelled by the organisers of a music festival at
the request of the local cultural
     authorities and festival sponsors.
     Hamburg's general director of music, Ingo Metzmacher, had invited
the composer to stage performances
     of his own works at the current Hamburg music festival.
     The German news agency DPA said the composer had quit Hamburg,
greatly upset by the affair.
     In a statement issued by the music festival organisers, Stockhausen
said he had been asked whether
     characters in his work, such as Lucifer, were historical, and that
he had replied "they are always
     contemporary, for example Lucifer in New York.
     "I recalled the destruction of art. Any other words outside of this
context have no relation to what I
     meant," he insisted.
     Hamburg culture senator (minister) Christina Weiss said the
composer's reported remark was inexcusable,
     given the grief and mourning in the United States.
     "Out of feeling for the political culture of the city and the
federal republic, the concerts had to be
     cancelled," she said.
     According to DPA, the composer, who had been asked about the
attacks on the United States, said:
     "What happened there is -- they all have to rearrange their brains
now -- is the greatest work of art ever.
     "That characters can bring about in one act what we in music cannot
dream of, that people practise madly
     for ten years, completely fanatically, for a concert and then die.
That is the greatest work of art for the
     whole cosmos.
     "I could not do that. Against that, we, composers, are nothing."

@_date: 2001-09-20 15:17:08
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Feebs lose snooping van 
Wonder if there were any laptops on board...
LAUREL, Md., 1:40 p.m. EDT September 20, 2001 -- An FBI spokesman said a
1992 Dodge conversion van owned by the agency and containing radio
equipment was stolen early Thursday
morning in Laurel.
Agents have been in the area to investigate ties to last week's
terrorist attacks in New York andWashington. Laurel residents and
employees have told agents that some of the suspected terrorists spent
their final days in Laurel, Greenbelt and Beltsville.
                                  FBI spokesman Peter Gulotta declined
to say why the van was in the area. He says that to the best of
                                  his knowledge, the van didn't have
evidence connected to the terrorist attacks.
                                  Gulotta says the van was stolen about
4:30 a.m. while it was unattended. The suspects are two men
                                  who pulled up to the FBI van in a
white van with stolen tags. The blue FBI van was last seen heading
                                  south on Interstate 295 toward

@_date: 2001-09-20 15:40:31
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Fed Judge Tanner's Porn Downloading curtailed 
WASHINGTON -- Judges and their staffs may not
                      download sexually explicit material, music or
videos on
                      their office computers, under a policy announced
                      Wednesday by the rule-making body of the U.S.
                      system.
                      The new policy "will help ensure that
                      resources are devoted to" official business, not
                      use, said U.S. District Judge Edward Nelson of
                      Birmingham, Ala. Judges are not "above the law"
and do
                      not have a right to use their computers for
                      personal uses, he added.
                      The new policy governs the 30,000 employees of the
                      federal court system. It had been sharply debated
                      recent weeks, and not just because of its effect
on these
                      employees. The law is unclear on whether workers
                      any right to privacy in the use of their office
                      But the federal court policy makes clear that
                      rights for all federal workers are minimal.
Judges, along
                      with other federal employees, do not have a "right
to use
                      government-office equipment for nongovernment
                      the policy says.
                      In a second computer-related policy change, the
                      said they want files in civil court cases to be
put on the
                      Internet so they can be accessed by anyone,
anywhere. They said certain
                      personal information, such as Social Security
numbers or medical data, will be
                      excluded.
                      If the paper files are now available to the public
in a courthouse, they should
                      also be available via computer on the Internet,
the judges said.
                      Some district courts are currently making some
civil court records available via a
                      for-pay Web site. Wednesday's decision will expand
the program to all district
                      courts.
                      For now, the new open-access policy covers only
civil matters, not criminal
                      cases. The judges said they will consider later
whether to put all criminal files on
                      the Internet.
                      While the move to put civil cases on the Internet
will affect more people, the
                      judges were focused more intently on the dispute
over their own computers.
                      In May, judges on the West Coast rebelled when
they learned their computers
                      were being monitored by the administrative office
of the U.S. courts in
                      Washington. Judge Alex Kozinski of Pasadena, who
sits on the U.S. 9th Circuit
                      Court of Appeals, said the surveillance was
illegal, and he and his colleagues
                      unplugged the monitoring system.
                      Court officials in Washington replied they are not
interested in spying on
                      individual workers or monitoring their e-mail.
                      Rather, they say, their concern was triggered by
evidence that large files had
                      been downloaded onto some courthouse computers
from Internet sites that
                      contain sexually explicit videos.
                      In response to Kozinski's protests, the
rule-making body dropped part of the
                      policy that says all court employees who use the
court's computers "consent to
                      monitoring."
                      But the rest of the policy detailing the
"unauthorized or improper use" of court
                      computers was adopted intact.
                      The policy change was to have been debated at the
Supreme Court on Sept. 11,
                      during the semiannual meeting of the U.S. Judicial
                      The conference consists of 27 top judges
representing the federal circuit courts.
                      Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist was there to
chair the meeting.
                      But the discussion had just begun about 10 a.m.
when word came that jetliners
                      had struck the World Trade Center and the
Pentagon. Rehnquist called off the
                      meeting and the judges left the building.
                      Judges said this week it was the first time in 79
years that a meeting of the
                      Judicial Conference was canceled. Instead, the
judges voted by mail on the new
                      policy.
                      The two 9th Circuit judges who led the protest
said they were satisfied with the
                      compromise.
                      "We don't have a problem with saying that
extensive downloading is
                      inappropriate," said Chief Judge Mary M. Schroeder
in Phoenix. "I voted in
                      favor of it."
                      Kozinski said he continues to believe that it is
illegal to monitor employees
                      without their consent. "We had a problem with the
monitoring part of this, and
                      they withdrew what we found most objectionable."

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:22:35
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: somewhat encouraging... 
Yes but the image of congressvermin hanging onto the skids of a copter
as it pulls
away from the capital, as they vacate DC, is refreshing.

@_date: 2001-09-20 17:36:29
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Infinite Justice (tm) 
Report: The US is renaming its pending war from 'Infinite Justice'
because the
moslems have a trademark infringement case: they think their
god has a monopoly on the concept.
Praise be unto political correctness.

@_date: 2001-09-21 09:14:40
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: French Nazis censor internet site 
Thursday September 20 1:12 PM ET
        Frenchman Probed for Web Site Applauding
        Attacks
        PARIS (Reuters) - A Frenchman who allegedly set up an internet
site applauding the
        deadly attacks on U.S. landmarks and urging Muslims to fight a
holy war is being
        investigated for encouraging suicide acts, judicial sources said
        Smain Bedrouni is under formal judicial investigation after
being accused of creating
        stcom.net, a U.S.-based Web site that calls for ``jihad.''
        Endorsing suicide attempts which aim to kill others is illegal
in France.
        The daily newspaper Le Figaro said the site was blocked earlier
this week by hackers
        but was soon accessible again to the public after it squeezed
space on the server of a
        U.S. company.
        France has been swift to clamp down on extremist or racist Web
sites. A French
        judge made headlines last year with a controversial ruling that
Yahoo! Inc. block
        French citizens' access to its U.S.-based auction site featuring
Nazi memorabilia.
        Internet Service Providers (ISPs) have been on the lookout for
sites in their networks
        that incite violence since last week's terror attacks on the
United States in which
        6,000 people were killed or are missing.

@_date: 2001-09-21 09:27:43
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: osamawatching with 200 spectral bands and < 1 m resolution 
US spy satellites have been given new
              instructions to concentrate their attention on
              Afghanistan and the search for Osama Bin
              Laden, and groups associated with him, sources
              have told BBC News Online.
              So-called Signal Intelligence (Sigint) satellites,
              designed to intercept radio and mobile phone
              traffic, have been "retasked", as have two spy
              satellites that take high-resolution images.
              The use of Sigint satellites marks a departure
              from normal procedure, as they are not usually
              used to gather intelligence about dissident groups
              in that region.
              BBC News Online also understands that US
              military sources have also made approaches to
              two commercial satellite operators, to use data
              from two private imaging satellites that will be
              launched in the next few weeks.
              Following conversations
              The so-called "retasking" of spy satellites is an
              unusual step that reflects the seriousness of the
              response to the hijack plane attacks on New York
              and Washington DC.
              Sigint satellites monitor electromagnetic signals
              and send them to sophisticated listening posts
              scattered over the globe where they are relayed
              to supercomputers in the US for analysis.
              In co-operation with the
              Echelon phone, fax and
              e-mail monitoring system
              that is also searching for
              evidence of subversive
              activity, the Sigint data
              are analysed using
              sophisticated programs
              that allow information to
              be extracted from the
              jumbled signals. It is
              thought that when
              conditions are favourable, individual mobile
              phone conversations can be followed.
              The main suspect identified by the US for last
              Tuesday's attacks, Osama Bin Laden, is said not
              to use mobile phones, for fear of being
              eavesdropped. But US military officials are clearly
              hoping that they may intercept some phone
              coverage, a task that should be helped by the
              small size and sparse communications
              infrastructure in Afghanistan - the country where
              Bin Laden is thought to reside.
              Imaging spy satellites are also returning
              high-resolution images back to the Pentagon.
              These images, able to detect individual people,
              will also be studied by computer to spot
              movements that could help analysts pinpoint Bin
              Laden.
              Private help
              Military officials are also considering using the
              capabilities of two private satellites that will be
              launched in the next few weeks.
              The first of these, Orbimage-4, is due to be put
              into orbit on 21 September from California.
              This is a private
              remote-sensing satellite
              with unique capabilities.
              It carries a camera that
              takes images in 200
              spectral bands -
              designed to analyse
              surface composition.
              Military analysts are
              considering whether it
              could be used to see
              through camouflage, which is often used by those
              on the ground who do not want their activities
              exposed by spy satellites passing overhead.
              The other satellite, Quickbird, to be operated by
              Digitalglobe, is set for launch on 18 October. It will
              have the greatest resolution of any non-military
              satellite. Able to see detail smaller than a metre,
              Quickbird could be used when military spy
              satellites are not in the correct place.

@_date: 2001-09-22 08:12:00
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: All your Pakistanis are 0urz 
Reality is a bunch of guys in FBI jackets scratching their heads and
the body bags out of the van.  Hard to make an engrossing movie out of

@_date: 2001-09-22 11:10:13
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: disarming pakis 
The government of Pakistan spent a long time persuading the people of
Chitral to give up their guns,
 and finally they did. Now the Afghans come with guns. But no, it is not
a problem. Not yet, because
 they are looking that way." He pointed toward Afghanistan. Then he
dropped his arm and said, "It's all
 very far away from you in America, isn't it?"

@_date: 2001-09-22 11:31:08
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: WTC Attack Benefits Long Beach Ca Police -Anarchists Giving Up 
Anarchists Giving Up Legal Fight
                       Court: Some charged in a riot plead no contest
amid doubts they could get a fair hearing after
                    the terrorist attacks. Others may go to trial.
                    By LOUIS SAHAGUN, TIMES STAFF WRITER
                    Last week's terrorism attacks on the East Coast have
                    complicated--and, in some cases, derailed--the
trials of dozens of
                    anarchists arrested in a violent May Day
confrontation with Long
                    Beach police.
                    The anarchists previously had been upbeat about
their imminent trials,
                    which they had hoped to turn into public forums for
their radical
                    political sentiments.
                    Now, defense attorneys wonder if their 37 fiercely
anti-capitalist clients
                    can get a fair trial in Long Beach or anywhere else
on such counts as
                    riot, attempted riot, unlawful assembly, and
conspiracy to commit a
                    crime. Over the past week, six defendants who had
promised to
                    challenge police tactics instead have pleaded no
contest or guilty to
                    misdemeanor charges. More pleas are expected,
according to deputy
                    city prosecutor David Gordon.
                    "When Sept. 11 occurred, they realized that no one
would pay much
                    attention to claims of police misconduct while
hundreds of officers lay
                    buried in rubble in New York," he said. "I think
that by early
                    November there will be but a handful of hard cores
left wanting to go
                    to trial."
                    Until last week, the demonstrators had predicted
exoneration, claiming they were victims of police
                    brutality. Beyond that, they stressed that
identification would be difficult because all of them had
                    been wearing masks and black clothes in downtown
Long Beach during the May 1 rally decrying
                    corporate greed. In addition, they pointed to a
federal judge's recent ruling that questioned the
                    validity of a city law requiring 30 days' notice for
a public demonstration.
                    Now such optimism has vanished, according to one
prospective expert witness for the defense,
                    Larry George, a professor of political science at
Cal State Long Beach.
                    "The tragic events," George said, "may well have
changed the background climate to the point
                    where the defendants would be identified as enemies
of the state and perpetrators of violence."
                    About 95 people, mainly teenagers and young adults
from Southern California, were arrested
                    during the protest that erupted into a running
street brawl with police in riot gear. At least a dozen
                    demonstrators were injured, and many more reportedly
suffered scrapes and bruises. Police said
                    their officers escaped serious injuries, but some
were bruised and cut by thrown rocks and
                    grappling with demonstrators.
                    To avoid sapping the city's legal resources if all
the defendants were tried simultaneously in one
                    courtroom, authorities divided them into small
groups to be tried separately and appointed publicly
                    financed defense attorneys.
                    Long before the East Coast terrorism, 23 of those
arrested in the demonstration were sentenced to
                    probation and time served under plea bargains
offered to them by city prosecutors. In addition,
                    more than two dozen juveniles were released and most
had the charges dropped.
                    Two other adults are awaiting trial on felony
assault charges. As of Friday, 31 more were each
                    facing six misdemeanor charges.
                    The first two defendants to go to trial were Louise
Emily Van Der Laan, 19, and Yutaka Bazil
                    Yokoyama, 31, both of whom pleaded no contest on
Sept. 12 to six misdemeanor counts just
                    after a jury was impaneled.
                    Superior Court Judge Brad Andrews sentenced them to
three years' probation and 30 days of
                    community service.
                    Their pleadings came less than an hour after Andrews
dismissed a motion by defense attorney
                    Lynda Vitale to delay the case for at least a month.
                    "The events of Sept. 11," Vitale said in an
interview, "would have made it impossible for jurors to
                    remain unbiased and fairly weigh the evidence
without thoughts of what happened."
                    Next in line for trial is Christopher J. Harrington,
who is represented by Torrance lawyer Alex
                    Griggs.
                    "These people were exercising their rights to free
speech," Griggs said. "It would be a shame if the
                    current climate is such that they are curtailed from
doing that."
                    Nonetheless, Griggs said his client, whose trial is
scheduled to start Oct. 10, is considering the
                    implications of avoiding trial by entering a plea.
                    On Thursday, four other defendants pleaded no
contest to at least one misdemeanor charge.
                    Among them was Adam Steudle, 20, whose Culver City
attorney Noah Allen conceded, "There's
                    a huge fear that the events of Sept. 11 had a domino
effect on jurors."
                    The defendants insist that their goal was a peaceful
downtown demonstration and march on
                    International Workers Day behind a large banner that
read: "Capitalism Stole My Life."
                    The trouble started after some demonstrators,
chanting and cursing against "the police state," threw
                    rocks at officers, according to police.
                    "The rocks got it going," recalled Long Beach Police
Sgt. Erik Herzog.
                    Downtown streets were shut down for four hours as
police fired on some demonstrators with
                    rubber bullets and beanbags while chasing them in
and around an area known for its high-end
                    bistros, financial institutions and hotels.
                    Law enforcement authorities said it cost the city
$100,000 in overtime pay and the use of
                    equipment, including a helicopter, to handle the
                    At the scene, police collected evidence including
rocks, hammers, a slingshot, bags of ball
                    bearings, pointed sticks, gas masks, plastic bags
filled with human feces, bombs used by fishermen
                    to scare off seals, and fireworks, including one
item that resembled a hand grenade.
                    Police said they also determined that some of the
demonstrators had arrived wearing crude shields
                    under their baggy black sweaters and sweat shirts:
thick layers of newspaper wrapped in duct tape
                    and strapped around their arms and over their
                    Critical to the prosecution have been 500
photographs and 14 hours of videotaped footage of the
                    demonstration taken by police and witnesses in the
vicinity of the bustling corner of 1st Street and
                    Pine Avenue.
                    Deputy city prosecutor Andrea Davalos said, "We went
over details in the photos and video
                    footage, frame by frame, over and over, 12 hours a
day, Saturdays and Sundays.
                    "We noted people's backpacks, shirts, logos, shoes,
even the tears in their jeans," she said.
                    "Eventually, we were able to make positive
identification of each and every one of them. We know
                    what each of them did and when they did it."
                    Prosecutors matched that information with
photographs of suspects when they were in custody
                    and unmasked.
                    City prosecutor Tom Reeves plans to play an edited
version of the videotape in court, including
                    slow-motion scenes of rocks being hurled at police.
                    "They conspired to come to this city armed and
disguised for the purpose of creating a riot, chaos
                    and disorder," Gordon said. "But now there are too
many ghosts floating around in the courtroom
                    for anyone with half a brain to expose themselves to
a jury or a judge."
                    In the meantime, local support for the anarchists
has been mixed.
                    Mark Bowen, a Los Angeles Unified School District
high school teacher and president of the Long
                    Beach chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union,
remains skeptical of local police.
                    It was not a crime, he said, if demonstrators cursed
at police and carried signs denouncing the
                    influence of multinational corporations. "The police
were beating the anarchists with clubs, and I
                    would not rule out the possibility that they planted
evidence," Bowen said.
                    Sharon Cotrell of the Long Beach Legal Monitoring
Committee said the defendants have been
                    "forced by circumstances to plead, which is very
sad," she said. "These young people did no
                    wrong. The police were outrageous."
                    Some other observers are not so sure.
                    Until Sept. 11, members of the Unitarian
Universalist Church of Long Beach had been considering
                    a proposal to back the defendants.
                    But Pat Marr, who is a member of the church's Social
Concerns Committee, said such a move
                    seems unlikely now.
                    "It sounds like it was a very difficult situation
for police," she said. "And with the World Trade
                    Center situation going on, it is not a good time to
be in the sort of trial the arrestees are fighting."
                    Added Marr: "Personally, their cases are on a far
back burner."

@_date: 2001-09-22 14:40:32
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: WTC Attack Benefits Long Beach Ca Police -Anarchists Giving Up 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please, if you're going to forward
content, take the minute or so required to ensure it's readable.  KMSelf]
    Anarchists Giving Up Legal Fight
    Court: Some charged in a riot plead no contest amid doubts they
    could get a fair hearing after the terrorist attacks. Others may go
    to trial.
    By LOUIS SAHAGUN, TIMES STAFF WRITER
    Last week's terrorism attacks on the East Coast have
    complicated--and, in some cases, derailed--the trials of dozens of
    anarchists arrested in a violent May Day confrontation with Long
    Beach police.
    The anarchists previously had been upbeat about their imminent
    trials, which they had hoped to turn into public forums for their
    radical political sentiments.
    Now, defense attorneys wonder if their 37 fiercely anti-capitalist
    clients can get a fair trial in Long Beach or anywhere else on such
    counts as riot, attempted riot, unlawful assembly, and conspiracy to
    commit a crime. Over the past week, six defendants who had promised
    to challenge police tactics instead have pleaded no contest or
    guilty to misdemeanor charges. More pleas are expected, according to
    deputy city prosecutor David Gordon.
    "When Sept. 11 occurred, they realized that no one would pay much
    attention to claims of police misconduct while hundreds of officers
    lay buried in rubble in New York," he said. "I think that by early
    November there will be but a handful of hard cores left wanting to
    go to trial."
    Until last week, the demonstrators had predicted exoneration,
    claiming they were victims of police brutality. Beyond that, they
    stressed that identification would be difficult because all of them
    had been wearing masks and black clothes in downtown Long Beach
    during the May 1 rally decrying corporate greed. In addition, they
    pointed to a federal judge's recent ruling that questioned the
    validity of a city law requiring 30 days' notice for a public
    demonstration.
    Now such optimism has vanished, according to one prospective expert
    witness for the defense, Larry George, a professor of political
    science at Cal State Long Beach.
    "The tragic events," George said, "may well have changed the
    background climate to the point where the defendants would be
    identified as enemies of the state and perpetrators of violence."
    About 95 people, mainly teenagers and young adults from Southern
    California, were arrested during the protest that erupted into a
    running street brawl with police in riot gear. At least a dozen
    demonstrators were injured, and many more reportedly suffered
    scrapes and bruises. Police said their officers escaped serious
    injuries, but some were bruised and cut by thrown rocks and
    grappling with demonstrators.
    To avoid sapping the city's legal resources if all the defendants
    were tried simultaneously in one courtroom, authorities divided them
    into small groups to be tried separately and appointed publicly
    financed defense attorneys.
    Long before the East Coast terrorism, 23 of those arrested in the
    demonstration were sentenced to probation and time served under plea
    bargains offered to them by city prosecutors. In addition, more than
    two dozen juveniles were released and most had the charges dropped.
    Two other adults are awaiting trial on felony assault charges. As of
    Friday, 31 more were each facing six misdemeanor charges.
    The first two defendants to go to trial were Louise Emily Van Der
    Laan, 19, and Yutaka Bazil Yokoyama, 31, both of whom pleaded no
    contest on Sept. 12 to six misdemeanor counts just after a jury was
    impaneled.
    Superior Court Judge Brad Andrews sentenced them to three years'
    probation and 30 days of community service.
    Their pleadings came less than an hour after Andrews dismissed a
    motion by defense attorney Lynda Vitale to delay the case for at
    least a month.
    "The events of Sept. 11," Vitale said in an interview, "would have
    made it impossible for jurors to remain unbiased and fairly weigh
    the evidence without thoughts of what happened."
    Next in line for trial is Christopher J. Harrington, who is
    represented by Torrance lawyer Alex Griggs.
    "These people were exercising their rights to free speech," Griggs
    said. "It would be a shame if the current climate is such that they
    are curtailed from doing that."
    Nonetheless, Griggs said his client, whose trial is scheduled to
    start Oct. 10, is considering the implications of avoiding trial by
    entering a plea.
    On Thursday, four other defendants pleaded no contest to at least
    one misdemeanor charge.  Among them was Adam Steudle, 20, whose
    Culver City attorney Noah Allen conceded, "There's a huge fear that
    the events of Sept. 11 had a domino effect on jurors."
    The defendants insist that their goal was a peaceful downtown
    demonstration and march on International Workers Day behind a large
    banner that read: "Capitalism Stole My Life."
    The trouble started after some demonstrators, chanting and cursing
    against "the police state," threw rocks at officers, according to
    police.
    "The rocks got it going," recalled Long Beach Police Sgt. Erik
    Herzog.
    Downtown streets were shut down for four hours as police fired on
    some demonstrators with rubber bullets and beanbags while chasing
    them in and around an area known for its high-end bistros, financial
    institutions and hotels.
    Law enforcement authorities said it cost the city $100,000 in
    overtime pay and the use of equipment, including a helicopter, to
    handle the disruption.
    At the scene, police collected evidence including rocks, hammers, a
    slingshot, bags of ball bearings, pointed sticks, gas masks, plastic
    bags filled with human feces, bombs used by fishermen to scare off
    seals, and fireworks, including one item that resembled a hand
    grenade.
    Police said they also determined that some of the demonstrators had
    arrived wearing crude shields under their baggy black sweaters and
    sweat shirts: thick layers of newspaper wrapped in duct tape and
    strapped around their arms and over their chests.
    Critical to the prosecution have been 500 photographs and 14 hours
    of videotaped footage of the demonstration taken by police and
    witnesses in the vicinity of the bustling corner of 1st Street and
    Pine Avenue.
    Deputy city prosecutor Andrea Davalos said, "We went over details in
    the photos and video footage, frame by frame, over and over, 12
    hours a day, Saturdays and Sundays.
    "We noted people's backpacks, shirts, logos, shoes, even the tears
    in their jeans," she said.  "Eventually, we were able to make
    positive identification of each and every one of them. We know what
    each of them did and when they did it."
    Prosecutors matched that information with photographs of suspects
    when they were in custody and unmasked.
    City prosecutor Tom Reeves plans to play an edited version of the
    videotape in court, including slow-motion scenes of rocks being
    hurled at police.
    "They conspired to come to this city armed and disguised for the
    purpose of creating a riot, chaos and disorder," Gordon said. "But
    now there are too many ghosts floating around in the courtroom for
    anyone with half a brain to expose themselves to a jury or a judge."
    In the meantime, local support for the anarchists has been mixed.
    Mark Bowen, a Los Angeles Unified School District high school
    teacher and president of the Long Beach chapter of the American
    Civil Liberties Union, remains skeptical of local police.
    It was not a crime, he said, if demonstrators cursed at police and
    carried signs denouncing the influence of multinational
    corporations. "The police were beating the anarchists with clubs,
    and I would not rule out the possibility that they planted
    evidence," Bowen said.
    Sharon Cotrell of the Long Beach Legal Monitoring Committee said the
    defendants have been "forced by circumstances to plead, which is
    very sad," she said. "These young people did no wrong. The police
    were outrageous."
    Some other observers are not so sure.
    Until Sept. 11, members of the Unitarian Universalist Church of Long
    Beach had been considering a proposal to back the defendants.
    But Pat Marr, who is a member of the church's Social Concerns
    Committee, said such a move seems unlikely now.
    "It sounds like it was a very difficult situation for police," she
    said. "And with the World Trade Center situation going on, it is not
    a good time to be in the sort of trial the arrestees are fighting."
    Added Marr: "Personally, their cases are on a far back burner."

@_date: 2001-09-23 12:34:40
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Larry Ellison, Nazi Collaborator: Oracle for Natl ID 
Idea driven by security concerns
              BY PAUL ROGERS AND ELISE ACKERMAN
              Mercury News
              Broaching a controversial subject that has gained
visibility since the Sept. 11
              terrorist attacks, Oracle Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison
is calling for the
              United States to create a national identification card
system -- and offering to
              donate the software to make it possible.
              Under Ellison's proposal, millions of Americans would be
fingerprinted and
              the information would be placed on a database used by
airport security
              officials to verify identities of travelers at airplane
              ``We need a national ID card with our photograph and
thumbprint digitized
              and embedded in the ID card,'' Ellison said in an
interview Friday night on the
              evening news of KPIX-TV in San Francisco.
              ``We need a database behind that, so when you're walking
into an airport and
              you say that you are Larry Ellison, you take that card and
put it in a reader
              and you put your thumb down and that system confirms that
this is Larry
              Ellison,'' he said.
              `Absolutely free'
              Ellison's company, Oracle, based in Redwood Shores, is the
world's leading
              maker of database software. Ellison, worth $15 billion, is
among the world's
              richest people.
              ``We're quite willing to provide the software for this
absolutely free,'' he said.
              Calls for national ID cards traditionally have been met
with fierce resistance
              from civil liberties groups, who say the cards would
intrude on the privacy of
              Americans and allow the government to track people's
              But Ellison said in the electronic age, little privacy is
left anyway.
              ``Well, this privacy you're concerned about is largely an
illusion,'' he said.
              ``All you have to give up is your illusions, not any of
your privacy. Right now,
              you can go onto the Internet and get a credit report about
your neighbor and
              find out where your neighbor works, how much they earn and
if they had a
              late mortgage payment and tons of other information.''
              Attempts by the Mercury News to reach Ellison for further
              Saturday were unsuccessful. Many questions about the
proposal remain
              unanswered, such as whether foreign nationals would be
required to have a
              card to enter the country. The hijackers in the Sept. 11
attacks are not
              believed to have been U.S. citizens.
              In the TV interview with anchorman Hank Plante, Ellison
said shoppers have
              to disclose more information at malls to buy a watch than
they do to get on an
              airplane.
              ``Let me ask you. There are two different airlines.
Airline A says before you
              board that airplane you prove you are who you say you are.
Airline B, no
              problem. Anyone who wants the price of a ticket, they can
go on that airline.
              Which airplane do you get on?''
              Oracle has a longstanding relationship with the federal
government. Indeed,
              the CIA was Ellison's first customer, and the company's
name stems from a
              CIA-funded project launched in the mid-1970s that sought
better ways of
              storing and retrieving digital data.
              Civil libertarians said caution is needed.
              ``It strikes me as a form of overreaction to the events
that we have
              experienced,'' said Robert Post, a constitutional law
professor at the
              University of California-Berkeley. ``If we allow a
terrorist attack to destroy
              forms of freedom that we have enjoyed, we will have given
the victory to
              them. This kind of recommendation does just that.''
              Post said while such a system may catch some criminals, it
could be hacked
              or faked or evaded by capable terrorists. Nor is it clear
that such a system
              would have foiled the Sept. 11 attacks, he said.
              Strong support
              But polls last week show many Americans support a national
ID card.
              In a survey released Wednesday by the Pew Research Center
for the People
              & the Press, seven of 10 Americans favored a requirement
that citizens carry
              a national identity card at all times to show to a police
officer upon request.
              The proposal had particularly strong support from women.
There was less
              support for government monitoring of telephone calls,
e-mails and credit card
              purchases.
              The FBI already has an electronic fingerprint system for
              In July 1999, the FBI's Integrated Automated Fingerprint
              System became operational. That system keeps an electronic
database of 41
              million fingerprints, with prints from all 10 fingers of
people who have been
              convicted of crimes.
              Faster response
              The system has reduced the FBI's criminal fingerprint
processing time from 45
              days to less than two hours.
              Paul Bresson, an FBI spokesman in Washington, said
Saturday that he is
              unaware of the details of Ellison's proposal and declined
              Howard Gantman, a spokesman for Sen. Dianne Feinstein,
D-Calif., said that
              she would be interested in discussing the idea with
              ``She does feel that we do need to make some important
advances in terms
              of increasing our security,'' Gantman said. ``A lot of
people have brought up
              ideas about how to create more security and she's
interested in exploring
              them. She'd like to find out more.''
              One group certain to fight the proposal is the American
Civil Liberties Union.
              A statement about ID cards posted on the ACLU's national
Web site says:
              ``A national ID card would essentially serve as an
internal passport. It would
              create an easy new tool for government surveillance and
could be used to
              target critics of the government, as has happened
periodically throughout our
              nation's history.''

@_date: 2001-09-23 12:43:00
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: UK lameness, with apologies to Brown, Trei, etc. 
[On MI6 deep cover agents] They are the closest thing the intelligence
services have to
James Bond. They are even licensed to kill  but only in self-defence.
[ LOL.  Here in the states, we don't need a *license* to kill in self
defense.  You don't
ask permission for something that is your birthright. ]
A MASSIVE 85 per cent of British people want identity cards
introduced in the wake of the terrorist attacks on the United
States, it was revealed yesterday.
[ How about ear-tags?  There must be plenty left over from the UK
livestock industry... ]
[ Yes I know, the US will be there in a decade or two... ]

@_date: 2001-09-24 08:25:25
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Larry Ellison's taste for little boys 
How about some of those Andre-the-giant OBEY posters with
Ellison's ugly visage postering SF?  Or just near Oracle campusses
and eateries.
"Terrorists are the only true avant-garde artists because they're the
only ones who are still capable of really surprising people."  ---Laurie

@_date: 2001-09-24 17:21:15
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: 500 lb laser guided respect for your culture 
control to do because of its religion-infused rhetoric. The Pentagon on
Thursday backed away from the code name for its anti-terrorist
offensive, ``Operation Infinite Justice,'' for fear of offending
Heh, right now you could sell a lot of those (since withdrawn) Nikes
Allah's name accidentally in the tread. At least in the Homeland (tm)
they'd sell.
There's hardly enough lube-groove on a .223 round to hold enough
pig-grease to make a difference...
Maybe SpecOps gets hollowpoints...

@_date: 2001-09-24 20:27:24
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: The Guillotine Is Not Obsolete 
So if we propose that maybe, after doing the requisite cratering, we
*do* leave the
arabs and the rest of them to their own family feuds, we're
How about if we propose executing the Saudi "kings" and making the
place a protectorate (letting their women drive cars for a change)?
Where does
that put us?  Can we get the Budweiser concession at Mecca, or do the
Czechs get that?
CivilEPunks: How many megatons would it take to extend the Mediterranean
to the Gulf?

@_date: 2001-09-25 12:15:16
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Schneier on Stego, Dead Drops, bin Laden 
[Reformatted for legibility.  Please take the few moments required to
clean up submitted text, wrapping and aligning text as necessary.
Monday September 24 01:15 PM EDT
    Terrorists and steganography
    By Bruce Schneier, Special to ZDNet
    Security expert Bruce Schneier writes that terrorist groups may be
    using steganography to communicate, allowing communication without
    any group knowing the identity of the other.
    COMMENTARY--Guess what? Osama Bin Ladin uses steganography.
    According to nameless "U.S.  officials and experts" and "U.S. and
    foreign officials," terrorist groups are "hiding maps and
    photographs of terrorist targets and posting instructions for
    terrorist activities on sports chat rooms, pornographic bulletin
    boards and other Web sites."
    Simply put, steganography is the science of hiding messages in
    messages. Typically, a message (either plaintext or, more cleverly,
    ciphertext) is hidden in the low-order bits of a digital photograph.
    To the uninitiated observer, it's just a picture.  But to the sender
    and receiver, there's a message hiding in there.
    It doesn't surprise me that terrorists are using this trick. The
    very aspects of steganography that make it unsuitable for normal
    corporate use make it ideally suited for terrorist use.  Most
    importantly, it can be used in an electronic dead drop.
    If you read the FBI (news - web sites) affidavit against (accused
    spy) Robert Hanssen (news - web sites), you learn how Hanssen
    communicated with his Russian handlers. They never met, but would
    leave messages, money and documents for one another in plastic bags
    under a bridge.  Hanssen's handler would leave a signal in a public
    place--a chalk mark on a mailbox--to indicate a waiting package.
    Hanssen would later collect the package.
    That's called a 'dead drop'. It has many advantages over a
    face-to-face meeting. One, the two parties are never seen together.
    Two, the two parties don't have to coordinate a rendezvous. Three,
    and most importantly, one party doesn't even have to know who the
    other one is (a definite advantage if one of them is arrested). Dead
    drops can be used to facilitate completely anonymous, asynchronous
    communications.
    Using steganography to embed a message in a pornographic image and
    posting it to a Usenet newsgroup is the cyberspace equivalent of a
    dead drop. To everyone else, it's just a picture. But to the
    receiver, there's a message in there waiting to be extracted.
    To make it work in practice, the terrorists would need to set up
    some sort of code.  Just as Hanssen knew to collect his package when
    he saw the chalk mark, a virtual terrorist will need to know to look
    for his message. (He can't be expected to search every picture.)
    There are lots of ways to communicate a signal: timestamp on the
    message, an uncommon word in the subject line, etc. Use your
    imagination here--the possibilities are limitless.
    The effect is that the sender can transmit a message without ever
    communicating directly with the receiver. There is no e-mail between
    them, no remote logins, no instant messages. All that exists is a
    picture posted to a public forum, and then downloaded by anyone
    sufficiently enticed by the subject line (both third parties and the
    intended receiver of the secret message).
    So, what's a counter-espionage agency to do? There are the standard
    ways of finding steganographic messages, some of which I have
    outlined in a previous essay. If Bin Laden is using pornographic
    images to embed his secret messages, it is unlikely these pictures
    are being taken in Afghanistan (news - web sites).  They're probably
    downloaded from the Web. If the NSA can keep a database of images
    (wouldn't that be something?), then they can find ones with subtle
    changes in the low-order bits. If Bin Laden uses the same image to
    transmit multiple messages, the NSA could notice that. Otherwise,
    there's probably nothing the NSA can do. Dead drops, both real and
    virtual, can't be prevented.
    Why can't businesses use this? The primary reason is that legitimate
    businesses don't need dead drops. I remember one company talk about
    a corporation embedding a steganographic message to its salespeople
    in a photo on the corporate Web page.  Why not just send an
    encrypted e-mail? Because someone might notice the e-mail and know
    that the salespeople all got an encrypted message. So send a message
    every day: a real message when you need to, and a dummy message
    otherwise. This is a traffic analysis problem, and there are other
    techniques to solve it. Steganography just doesn't apply here.
    Steganography is good way for terrorist cells to communicate,
    allowing communication without any group knowing the identity of the
    other. There are other ways to build a dead drop in cyberspace. For
    example, a spy can sign up for a free, anonymous e-mail account. And
    Bin Laden probably uses those, too.
    Bruce Schneier is CTO of Counterpane Internet Security, Inc. He
    publishes a free monthly security newsletter.

@_date: 2001-09-26 07:42:50
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
Fuck yourself, or put on a red white and blue thong, hop a flight, and
spread them for the
Saudi king.

@_date: 2001-09-26 07:50:26
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Mind control: U.S. Measures May Incite Domestic Terror 
Clue: your herders, the USG, wants to blow you up (if male between
Or if you have an alternate religion, pharmacist, number of spouses,
bankers, etc.
The USG wants to blow you up if you're palestinian and want your land
back.  The USG wants to blow you up if you're impeding the USG interests
inside your homeland.  The USG has become Britain of 200+ years ago.
Or Rome of 2000+.
With all the consequences.
So am I.
Well write it up in your thesis, or your report to your handlers.  How
'groups' do you monitor 'Ms. Aimee'?
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
  -- Henry Spencer

@_date: 2001-09-26 15:19:24
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: How ID Cards might be made de facto mandatory, but not de  
The threshold is a little higher, especially if you're not pushing a
no where near a grocery story.
Ask them why they want it.  Then the social-linguistic ball is in their
If they say something like, for an investigation, ask them why they're
of you.  Put them on the defensive, ask them questions, learn what you
If you're not pulled over while driving, *you* are in control, not them.
Don't be so cowered by uniforms.

@_date: 2001-09-26 15:26:58
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside (Re: Smallpox?) 
NYC is extra special because of the high number of foreigners who died.
If you killed a random 6000 in kansas you wouldn't get the impact.
Getting international businesses in the former WTC is extra points too.
There's a bunch of guys with turbans and beards holding up white boards
5.8 6.0 5.9 5.9 5.8 on it somewhere.
Also because of the density, everyone is a few 'hops' ('degrees of
'erdos number') from someone who is affected.  That is, first you kill a
lot because
the 6000 were packed so dense, then on top of that you affect a lot more
'out of state' because
you've gotten the attentioin of the 1e7 in the city who have connections
You can get a first-person report from any of ten million (less 6000)

@_date: 2001-09-27 09:48:19
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: Man With Bin Laden Tattoo Being Held in SoCal 
Man With Bin Laden Tattoo Being Held in O.C.
Inquiry: Authorities are trying to learn his identity. They won't say
whether charges have been filed.
Orange County investigators said Wednesday that they are trying to
determine the identity of a man arrested after the Sept. 11 hijacking
attacks who has a portrait of terrorist Osama bin Laden tattooed on his
Authorities released few details about the man, including where he is
being held and whether criminal charges have been filed against him.
But Orange County sheriff's officials said the man, who was allegedly
carrying false identification when arrested, was brought to the county
jail in the days after the attacks. There, deputies discovered a large
portrait of the terrorist emblazoned on his chest with the name "Osama
bin Laden" written below. Local and federal authorities are working to
determine whether the man is associated with Bin Laden or with the
attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon, said Orange County
Assistant Sheriff George Jaramillo.

@_date: 2001-09-30 10:35:07
@_author: Subcommander Bob 
@_subject: FC: Salon's David Talbot: "Democracy held hostage" 
Flight tickets, $17,000
Simulator lessons $40,000
Forcing the Great Satan to Get a Clue: Priceless
For sleeper agents, there's cash.
For everything else, there's Mastercard.
