
@_date: 1998-09-21 15:15:04
@_author: bram 
@_subject: ArcotSign (was Re: Does security depend on hardware?) 
Is this really patentable? It sounds a *lot* like the original public-key
algorithm (the one involving lots of little 'puzzles')

@_date: 1998-09-23 13:10:16
@_author: bram 
@_subject: ArcotSign (was Re: Does security depend on hardware?) 
I'd say the following has been well established by now - - The people at ArcotSign are not completely clueless
- They're doing things in a possibly sub-optimal way as far as publically
explaining their algorithms, but this is a decision on their part, it's
not that they don't have reasonable algorithms to back things up
- They're not releasing due to being afraid of people copying their
product before they've gotten sufficiently far in development/achieved
some market penetration. Those of you who don't work at startups might not
be familiar with this sort of thinking, but it's completely reasonable -
if you go around telling everybody all the little details of how to make
things work, some large company might make a very quick bastardized
version and throw lots of marketing oomph behind it.
- Their marketing materials are a bit misleading. This they can reasonably
be faulted for.
In short, at worst it's a poor product, but not 'snake-oil'. I have no
idea whether it's a *good* product, since I've never looked at it, but for
all I know it might be the greatest thing since sliced bread.
I think that pretty much sums up everything there is to currently say on
the subject, until ArcotSign releases more details.
(Who isn't talking about what he's working on until the official release
of a reasonably well fleshed-out product comes out.)

@_date: 1998-09-30 17:08:22
@_author: bram 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
I've never heard anyone say it's unfair, I've just heard people claim that
there's benefit they could be getting which is prohibited by it. This
generally translates into benefit which is denied their clients as well,
in addition to people who interact with their clients. I for one don't
much care if code I write makes someone money in addition to doing some
good, I just want it to be beneficial.
Basic physical necessities, as well as business mechanisms, unfortunately
make it impossible for all code I write to be distributed without some
mechanism by which I could make money off of it. That doesn't mean my code
is evil, just that I'm not independently wealthy.
(Incidentally, the code I'm working on right now will probably wind up
being free, with a considerably looser license than GPL.)

@_date: 2000-11-16 12:51:26
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
In the vast majority of cases, preventing man in the middle attacks is a
waste of time.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-16 15:33:11
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
Yes, but it's a less vast majority than the ones for which man in the
middle is happening.
And if you build a protocol which is a pain to use, noone will use it.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-18 11:15:38
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
SSL is not a pain to use, and it isn't effective against man in the middle
attacks, since an attacker could simply make the end user connection be
done via unencrypted http and most end users wouldn't notice.
It is, however, quite effective against passive attacks, which is all
that's really important.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-18 13:43:02
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
To be fair, this sort of attack is much more involved and must be planned
much farther in advance.
This would remove one of the more serious barriers to running an SSL site - the Verisign protection money.
The problem with all of these things is that they are still based on
creating an association between a domain name and a key, when in fact what
you want is an association between some abstract concept of a counterparty
which exists in an end user's mind (like, say, amazon) and the ownership
of a machine that user's browser is talking to.
Unless that problem is fixed, man in the middle is hardly made more
difficult - for example, Mallory could break into some random machine on
the net and steal it's public key, then hijack local DNS and when someone
goes to amazon.com redirect them to amazon.hackeddomain.com, and then
proxy to amazon.com - now even SSL says the connection is safe.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-18 13:59:09
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
Yes he can - he's presenting the key for hackeddomain.com, which he stole,
so he's quite capable of reading requests sent for it.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-18 17:33:10
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
As opposed to the spurious revenue stream for Verisign?
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-18 18:15:16
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
There are multiple domain name registrars - there is only one Verisign.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-19 15:41:05
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Key-Address correspondence in networks? 
Like I said, the important thing is that it stops passive attacks - in
practice man in the middle attacks just don't seem to happen.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-19 18:46:17
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
When the user goes to  they get a plaintext http redirect
to amazon.hackeddomain.com, which does check.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-20 14:01:22
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
No, the attacker interferes with the very first connect to probably at the DNS level, and that's almost always done plaintext.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-20 14:11:58
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
This is mistifying to me - there are apparently enough in there that it
*should* be possible for someone to purchase one or a few and start
offering an alternate source of certs. Or has Verisign gone and purchased
all of them already?
What would happen if one of those private keys were found and made
public? I suspect there would be a lot of lawyers and suing and claims of
trade secrets made, with significant intimidation of anyone who dared make
a cert for themselves rather than paying for one the way the good lord
It would, of course, result in no practical loss of security whatsoever,
since man in the middle attacks never happen.
Yes, getting the public key of the domain as part of the DNS lookup is
better engineering all around. It would also be nicer for services like
Akamai which spew out different IPs and for the same domain name, and are
currently forced to use the exact same private key in every one of those
Revocation just plain doesn't work. The only practical solution is online
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-22 16:47:56
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
Yes, it seems fairly well established that revocations just plain don't
Once again, the solution to the problems of offline operation appears to
be online operation.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-11-26 13:37:40
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Public Key Infrastructure: An Artifact... 
That isn't completely true - using public key protocols involves many
fewer messages total, and allows for much more decentralized data access -
we're using it for Mojo Nation for precisely those reasons, and it's made
a fundamental difference in scalability.
It isn't quite as revolutionary as one might expect though.
PKI for contracts and treaties is also largely overhyped - those have long
depended on agreements being widely distributed/notarized/timestamped for
their reliability, and the law of contracts is all based on oral
agreements. PKI just contributes a bit more evidence (and, apparently, not
a crucial part) and making it be a 'legally binding signature' mostly has
to do with the technical question of when an agreement goes from being
negotiated to legally binding. Sending a piece of mail saying 'ok' can
work just as well.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-10-08 11:56:01
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First   
Of course, the idea that you could 'prevent the denial of an act' is
completely wrong. The explanation "All this fancy-schmancy crypto stuff is
bullshit" is pretty much universally applicable.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-10-08 12:28:24
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Rijndael & Hitachi 
With the current state of patents, it is literally impossible to do
anything with a computer without violating a whole slew of patents whose
validity is rather dubious. The only thing you can really do is politely tell anyone who bothers you
about 'violating their patents' that you'll let them know if you decide
you want to pay them off to avoid litigation, then forget about the matter
unless you're actually forced to show up in court.
NIST threatening a big scary anti-trust lawsuit against anyone who tries
to pull something with the AES is quite laudable and more than I'd have
expected them to do.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-10-20 14:14:30
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Paranoid Encryption Standard (was Re: Rijndael & Hitachi) 
This is just silly. There's nothing wrong with Rijndael.
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2000-09-23 19:04:34
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Chaumian cash redux 
Thank you Tom Wu for already inventing SRP so no other joker can patent
-Bram Cohen

@_date: 2001-02-22 10:40:40
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: FAQ? how to set up a cross-platform encrypted mailing list/forum 
Yep, the sad truth is that encrypted mail products just aren't very usable
right now.
-Bram Cohen
"Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
                                        -- John Maynard Keynes

@_date: 2001-01-08 14:03:37
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Steven Levy Book Tour 
Yeah, I can remember back in the days before almost all mail was
encrypted, and when nearly all online transactions were done via credit
Boy am I glad those days are over.
-Bram Cohen
"Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
                                        -- John Maynard Keynes

@_date: 2001-09-25 21:44:34
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Call for Presentations: CodeCon 2002 
CALL FOR PRESENTATIONS: CODECON 2002
Please forward wherever applicable.
CodeCon 2002, scheduled for February 15, 16, and 17 in San Francisco,
California, is the premier event in 2002 for the P2P, cypherpunk, and
network/security application developer community. It is a workshop for
developers of real-world applications that support individual liberties.
During the first two days, our policy is "bring your own code"; while
those not demonstrating software are welcome to attend, the focus is
primarily on developer discussion. The final day of the workshop is
intended to be more inclusive, consisting of public and press
demonstrations, interviews, panels and a public session allowing a larger
number of presenters to demonstrate their projects in a more informal
setting. All presentations must be accompanied by functional applications,
ideally open source. Presenters must be one of the active developers of
the code in question.
CodeCon strongly encourages presenters from non-commercial and academic
backgrounds to attend for the purposes of collaboration and the sharing of
knowledge by providing free registration to workshop presenters and
highly-discounted registration to full-time students. Public session
presenters and approved members of the press will receive free
registration for the public session on Sunday.
IMPORTANT DATES
Submissions open:                               1 October 2001
Final submission deadline:                      1 January 2002
Final notification of acceptance:              15 January 2002
Conference begins:                            15 February 2002
Public session and public demonstrations:     17 February 2002
Post-conference web-based proceedings:           15 March 2002
SUGGESTED TOPICS
The focus of CodeCon is on running applications which:
*  use one or more of: cryptography, steganography, distributed    network architectures, peer to peer communications, anonymity    or pseudonymity
*  enhance individual power and liberty *  can be discussed freely, either by virtue of being open source or
   having a published protocol, and preferably free of intellectual
   property restrictions
*  are generally useful, either directly to a large number of users, or    as an example of technology applicable to a larger audience
Examples of excellent presentations include Mixmaster remailers and
extensions, OpenNap, Swarmcast, Mojo Nation, Magic Money, and OpenPGP
applications. Novelty in technical approaches, security assumptions, and
end-user functionality are excellent properties.
Presentations about basic technologies, such as a new cipher or hash,
non-interesting vulnerabilities in existing applications, or discussions
of unimplemented protocols are better suited for other conferences. The
guidelines for the CodeCon public session on Sunday are less stringent
than the main workshop; presentations which are more tangential to
CodeCon's focus may be accepted.
FORMAT OF PRESENTATIONS (main workshop)
Paper and Q&A
For those most comfortable with a traditional conference format, we will
accept papers up to 25 pages. We encourage HTML or plain ASCII
submissions, but can accept PostScript, PDF, or LaTeX. We will distribute
papers in advance of the conference, and will provide 30 or 60 minutes for
discussion and Q&A, at the presenter's discretion. In exceptional cases,
we will accept anonymous papers and conduct either a non-directed
discussion or a Q&A session directed by proxy. All papers should be
accompanied by source code or an application. When possible, we would
prefer that the application be available for interactive use during the
workshop, either on a presenter-provided demonstration machine or one of
the conference kiosks. Additionally, during the paper presentation, some
use of this demo must be made; it may be relatively brief, but a
demonstration of the running application is essential.
Interactive demo
In addition to the traditional conference paper format, we encourage
highly interactive presentations. Throughout the event, we will have
several kiosks and local servers available for demonstration purposes. We
also strongly encourage presenters to bring their own hardware.
Application demos can be up to 20 minutes, followed by a period of up to
40 minutes for Q&A, which can include demonstration of additional features
of the application not covered in the main presentation. If desired by the
presenter, we can distribute URLs of applications several days before the
workshop to allow attendees to familiarize themselves with the basics of
applications prior to the workshop sessions.
In areas where multiple projects fall roughly in the same domain, the most
efficient presentation may be a panel with one or more developers from
each team. These developers may then individually demonstrate their
applications, followed by discussion among the panel and Q&A with the
other attendees as to differences in design goals, implementation, and
other aspects of the systems. If we receive multiple submissions from
related projects for papers or demos, we may suggest to the presenters
that they combine into a panel. Additionally, presenters are free to
submit jointly as a pre-selected panel.
There is some flexibility in requirements and formats for presentations;  please enquire if you would like to use an alternate form.
FORMAT OF PRESENTATIONS (public session)
On the afternoon of Sunday 17 February, we will set aside a substantial
amount of time for 5 minute-or-less project public session presentations.
Other events on this day, including panels and main presentations, will be
targeted at members of the press and public, so brief presentations on
Sunday will reach a wide audience. Presenters from the first two days who
wish to make an additional public session presentation may do so.
SUBMISSION DETAILS
Presentations must be performed by one of the active developers on the
project. That's the rule -- no code, no mike. Multiple people may be
involved in a presentation. You do get in free if you're part of a
presentation even if you don't speak during it, so creativity (within
reason) is encouraged.
The workshop language is English, for both presentations and papers.
Ideally, demonstrations should be usable by attendees with 802.11b
connected devices either via a web interface, or locally on Windows,
UNIX-like, or MacOS platforms. Cross-platform applications are most
Our venue may be 21+. If you are submitting and are under 21, please
advise the program committee; we may consider alternate venues for one or
more days of the event. If you have a specific day on which you would
prefer to present, please advise us.
Main workshop submissions should include in the plain-text body of email
to submissions at codecon.org the following information:
                 - Name of presenter
                 - Name of others involved in project attending conference
                 - Title of presentation
                 - Brief summary of topic
                 - URL or attachment of example code
                   (must be received by the final submission deadline)
                 - Brief project history
                 - Brief summary of demo, or abstract of paper
                 - Any other details considered relevant
Public session submissions should include in the plain-text body of email
to submissions at codecon.org the following information:
                   - Name of presenter
                   - Title of presentation
                   - Brief summary of topic
                   - URL or attachment with example code
                   - Any other details
PROGRAM COMMITTEE
                       Bram Cohen, BitTorrent
                       Dan Egnor, ofb.net
                       Jered Floyd, Permabit
                       Ian Grigg, Systemics
                       Ryan Lackey, HavenCo
                       Don Marti, LinuxJournal
                       Guido Sanchez, New Hack City
                       Bill Stewart, AT&T
                       Brandon Wiley, Freenet
                       Jamie Zawinski, DNA Lounge
Recognizing that many of the developers of the most interesting cypherpunk
applications are unable to afford accommodations and other expenses in San
Francisco, CodeCon will attempt to locate housing and otherwise assist
with issues for presenters on a case-by-case basis. Please contact
codecon-admin at codecon.org if your submission is accepted but you require
assistance to attend.
If your organization is interested in sponsoring CodeCon, we would love to
hear from you. In particular, we are looking for sponsors for social meals
and parties on any of the three days of the conference, as well as
sponsors of the conference as a whole, prizes or awards for quality
presentations, and assistance with transportation or accommodation for
presenters with limited resources. If you might be interested in
sponsoring any of these aspects, please contact the conference organizers
at codecon-admin at codecon.org.
If you have questions about CodeCon, or would like to contact the
organizers, please mail codecon-admin at codecon.org. Please note this
address is only for questions and administrative requests, and not for
workshop presentation submissions.

@_date: 2002-08-09 11:59:05
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
Before claiming that the TCPA, which is from a deployment standpoint
vaporware, could help with gnutella's scaling problems, you should
probably learn something about what gnutella's problems are first. The
truth is that gnutella's problems are mostly that it's a screamer
protocol, and limiting which clients could connect would do nothing to fix
Limiting which clients could connect to the gnutella network would,
however, do a decent job of forcing to pay people for one of the
commercial clients. In this way it's very typical of how TCPA works - a
non-solution to a problem, but one which could potentially make money, and
has the support of gullible dupes who know nothing about the technical
issues involved.
Your personal vendetta against Lucky is very childish.
-Bram Cohen
"Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
                                        -- John Maynard Keynes

@_date: 2002-08-09 14:23:34
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
Freenet and Mojo Nation have had serious issues in the wild, but my
project, BitTorrent, is currently being used in serious deployment, and
its leech resistance algorithms are proving quite robust - This is a very narrow form of leech resistance, but it may be all that is
-Bram Cohen
"Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
                                        -- John Maynard Keynes

@_date: 2002-08-10 21:15:00
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Thanks, Lucky, for helping to kill gnutella 
You can try running a sniffer on it yourself. Gnutella traffic is almost
all search queries. Mojo Nation actually had a completely excessive amount of bandwidth
donated to it. There was a problem that people complained of losing mojo
when running a server due to the total amount of upload being greater than
the total amount of download. The main user experience disaster in Mojo
Nation was that the retrieval rate for files was very bad, mostly due to
the high peer churn rate.
Oh gee, that paper mostly talks about high churn rate too.
In fact, I was one of the main developers of Mojo Nation, and based on
lessons learned from that figured out how to build a system which can cope
with very high churn rates and has good leech resistance. It is now mature
and has had several quite successful deployments.
Not only are the algorithms used good for leech resistance, they are also
very good at being robust under normal variances in net conditions - in
fact, the decentralized greedy approach to resource allocation outperforms
any known centralized method.
The TCPA, even if it some day works perfectly (which I seriously doubt it
will) would just plain not help with any of the immediate problems in
Gnutella, BitTorrent, or Mojo Nation. I would guess the same is true for
most, if not all other p2p systems.
-Bram Cohen
"Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
                                        -- John Maynard Keynes

@_date: 2002-09-30 21:38:53
@_author: Bram Cohen 
@_subject: Real-world steganography 
I don't think that's really 'steganography' per se, since no attempt is
made to hide the fact that the information is in there. The quasi-stego
used is just to prevent bad audio artifacts from happening.
-Bram Cohen
"Markets can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent"
                                        -- John Maynard Keynes
