
@_date: 1996-04-02 16:42:08
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Why Americans feel no compulsion ... 
I suppose this thing could go on and on and on and be argued in many ways,
but I have to side with Tim here. I would add that America started out a
scant 300 or so years ago, we are what we are because we worked at it. If
we speak a language and most of the 200+ million Americans do, and we are
a dominant factor in the world today .... why should we learn another
language. I learned VietNamese when I went off to war. I learned Russian
for the hell of it after taking several courses in Russian history. I have
learned some French out of courtesy and survival when I go to Montreal (but
a 90 minute drive from here). If I were not going any of these places why
would I learn another language, why waste the time? Let me turn it around;
If I were in downtown Moscow what moral highground could justify that I
demand the locals speak English to me? By what right does anyone demand that the 70-80% of Americans who will never have a need for a second langauge
learn one?

@_date: 1997-08-30 11:40:46
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Feasibility of censoring and jamming pronography and racism in informatics 
Hash: SHA1
On 8/29/97 3:54 PM, Ulf M�ller (3umoelle at informatik.uni-hamburg.de) passed this wisdom:
  these are the words that scare the shit out of me ... so innocuous,
so high moral sounding, no one can argue with that as the
justification to do just about anything ... but just look at our (we
humans) track record with regards to that argument ... shudder!
   .... fat chance ... the only good thing about such a system is its
appeal to my childish love to go after anything someone says is
Brian B. Riley -->         For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "One of the deep mysteries to me is our logo, the symbol of lust
   and knowledge, bitten into, all crossed with in the colors of the
   rainbow in the wrong order. You couldn't dream of a more    appropriate logo: lust, knowledge, hope, and anarchy."
   -- Gassee - Apple Logo

@_date: 1997-08-30 12:01:02
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: need confirmation of DVD/CSS crack in China ... 
On 8/29/97 1:44 AM, Lucky Green (shamrock at netcom.com)  passed this wisdom:
   'security through obscurity' has/will never work. All it takes is one good reverse engineer and presto, the secret is out and 'unlocked' controller will be available above or under ground! The process could be slowed down by keeping the price of DVD writers high, but we saw how long that worked for both DAT and CD-R. Hell CD-Rs are now available for less than CD readers were three years ago.
Brian B. Riley -->      For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "The first 75% of the project takes 90% of the time;
  the last 15% of the project takes the other 90% of the
  time. -- Barry Wainwright and numerous ofthe engineers

@_date: 1997-08-30 12:13:58
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Shrinks as Narcs for the State 
Hash: SHA1
On 8/29/97 2:26 AM, Tim May (tcmay at got.net)  passed this wisdom:
patients. Cf.
kinds of
 I have a close friend who is a therapist on several occasions had the
state and insurance companies try to force disclosure of materials on
certain patients. It has created such a dilemma that this person had
consulted with me to come up with not just encryption solutions but
steganographic solutions as well so that if this person's computer is
subpoenaed (sp?) they won't know what to look at/for. At the time, I
though the person was over-reacting, but in the ensuing eighteen
months, I am not so sure.
Brian B. Riley -->        For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
 "It would take an archimedean fulcrum to raise you to the level of
  total depravity" --Thomas E. Carney, ca. 1920

@_date: 1997-08-31 04:14:35
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Shrinks as Narcs for the State 
On 8/30/97 12:00 PM, Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM (dlv at bwalk.dm.com)  passed this wisdom:
 Unless something has radically changed the sanctity of the Catholic confessional has never been breeched involuntarily ... i.e.,I do not believe that any court has ever successfully compelled a priest to divulge what he has heard in the confessional.
  Of course a problem lies in the construction of the question ... its easier to want to try to breech the confessional when you speak of a guy talking about killing a hundred people as opposed to a guy talking about stealing a candy bar. In various ethics discussions on this subject over the years it usually seems to comes down to the fact that morally the priest is bound to try to do something to stop the carnage without divulging what he was told.
Brian B. Riley -->        For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "When I die, please cast my ashes upon Bill Gates. For once, let him
    clean up after me! " -  Christian Worley

@_date: 1997-12-02 21:02:41
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: More Government Sanctioned Theft 
passed this wisdom:
 I am not sure, but it seems to me that there is some sort of currency control laws that say that you cannot have 10K or mor ein oyur possession unless you show there is a good reason, like on your way to the bank, being abusiness heading for the bank atthe end of the day etc, and of course banks report deposits of 10K or more. I know of two different people who were not 'in business' who did perfectly legal transactions that left them with 32K and 47K in cash each instead of big checks and who simply deposited it. One recieved a phone call and the other a visit by IRS asking 'what, why, where' etc within two weeks of depositing money.
Brian B. Riley -->    For PGP Keys    "Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel" -- Samuel Johnson
  "With all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer I
    beg to submit that it is the first."            -- Ambrose Bierce's commentary on Johnson's definition.

@_date: 1997-12-07 04:08:45
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: A Medal -- Or A Prison Cell? 
Received:    12/06  11:39 AM
Reply-To:    Vermont Libertarian, vtlp-list at catamount.com
A Medal -- Or A Prison Cell?
   Larry Gates, a 54-year-old ex-Marine, operates a convenience store in
   rural Iconium, Missouri. He's also a volunteer fireman. Last Christmas
   Eve he was listening to a licensed fire department radio when he heard
   a report that police were chasing two suspected murderers. Police had
   lost track of the suspects. From his knowledge of the area, Gates was
   aware that the car would pass directly in front of his store.
   Gates grabbed a shotgun and sidearm, and along with his three adult
   sons pulled two vehicles into the intersection, blocking it. Both
   vehicles had fire emergency lights flashing.
   A few seconds later the suspects' car approached the roadblock. Gates'
   son Carey motioned for the car to stop. Instead, the car suddenly
   accelerated directly at Carey. Gates fired his shotgun once at the
   car. The car swerved away from his sons, went around the roadblock,
   and continued down the road.
Two of Gates' sons followed the car at a moderate pace. The car was
   driving erratically. Soon it slowed enough for the passenger, a woman,
   to leap out. Gates' sons stopped. The woman suspect was slightly
   wounded from Gates' shotgun. One of Gates's sons, an Emergency Medical
   Technician, administered first aid. The other son resumed following
   the car. When he came across the abandoned car, he called police.
   Shortly the other suspect was arrested.
   The two suspects, who had been abusing drugs for days, confessed to
   two homicides. The woman said the driver had planned to commit suicide
   by crashing the car.
   Did the Gates family get medals? No. The St. Clair, Missouri
   prosecutor has charged Larry Gates with "unlawful use of a weapon," a
   felony offense. He was released from jail on $5,000 bond. If convicted
   he faces up to five years' imprisonment and the permanent loss of his
   Second Amendment rights.  Gates has turned down offers to plea bargain his charges down to a
   misdemeanor. He goes to trial December 10. Gun Owners of America has
   established a legal defense fund for Larry Gates. For info call
   703-321-8585.

@_date: 1997-12-11 07:54:04
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Remailer Trivia / Re: Singapore & Freedom (fwd) 
On 12/9/97 3:57 PM, Jrbl Pookah (lists at castle5.castlec.com)  passed
this wisdom:
 ... hmmmm ... for my .02 ... isn't the entrie arguemnt rather
academic/ Thje simple matter is regradless of whose  name it is in,
its tied to a physical location where sooner or later you can be
apprehended/discovered.  A more reasonable question might be has anyone secured cellular
service without some serious credit/identity queries? If one can work
out he details of getting payment to them (they seem to care little
about what goes on so long as they are paid!) that preserves
anonymity, as well as keeping on the move to defy the cell trackers
then maybe there is some anonymity to be achieved.
 ... hey anybody designed a 'crowds' for cell phones???
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys  "The reason worry kills more people than work is that more people worry
 than work" -- Robert Frost (1874-1963)

@_date: 1997-12-12 09:49:41
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: 'Off' the parking pigs! (fwd) 
(eric.seggebruch at East.Sun.COM)  passed this wisdom:
 TRhey also got the guys who murdered the civil rights workers in the 60's, after being acquitted in state court of murder. They were convicted of the federal crime of violating the victims civil rights also. Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "The 2nd amendment guarantees all the rest."

@_date: 1997-12-14 04:55:02
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Columbian squib on Bell sentencing 
On 12/13/97 9:38 AM, frissell at panix.com (frissell at panix.com)  passed
this wisdom:
 ... hmmmm ... any hint of resrictions? i.e like not being able to use
a computer or be on the Internet??? Considering how much they harped
about the A.P. scheme I would have thought that would have been a
centerpiece of any punishment they meted out to Jim.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "One of the deep mysteries to me is our logo, the symbol of lust
   and knowledge, bitten into, all crossed with in the colors of the
   rainbow in the wrong order. You couldn't dream of a more    appropriate logo: lust, knowledge, hope, and anarchy."
   -- Gassee - Apple Logo

@_date: 1997-12-16 08:40:54
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Identity, Persistence, Anonymity, and Accountability--Part I of II 
On 12/14/97 6:54 PM, Tim May (tcmay at got.net)  passed this wisdom:
  In New Jersey there is a criminal offense called "failure to
properly identify" ... I don't know if its ever been tested, or if it
is still on the books, but as of ten years ago it was there. I think
it was a misdemeanor (in NJ the term is "petty disorderly persons
offense) I cannot imagine it as a felony.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "to be yourself in a world that tries, night and day, to make you just
   like everybody else - is to fight the greatest battle there ever is to
   fight and keep on fighting"  - e.e. cummings

@_date: 1997-12-16 12:55:35
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Identity, Persistence, Anonymity, and Accountability--Part  I of II 
I guess I am curious about being required to identify yourself ... if the cops have no probable cause to arrest you then what right do they have to know who you are? ... and should they have probable cause, why should you have to help them know who you are. I could see circumstances where forcing you to identify yourself would come under self-incrimination. I am sure they have ways of dealing with this ... what legal precedents are there concerning this?
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "One of the deep mysteries to me is our logo, the symbol of lust
   and knowledge, bitten into, all crossed with in the colors of the
   rainbow in the wrong order. You couldn't dream of a more    appropriate logo: lust, knowledge, hope, and anarchy."
   -- Gassee - Apple Logo

@_date: 1997-12-21 06:12:27
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Fwd: Dec. 16 column -- Bill of Rights 
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is    no path, and leave a trail."  - Ralph Waldo Emerson

@_date: 1997-12-23 01:25:59
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Frank Olson 
On 12/22/97 4:46 AM, Bill Stewart (bill.stewart at pobox.com)  passed
this wisdom:
 They do however need a formal letter from some LEA person to the
postmaster stating that your mail is of interest. Generally the USPS
guys are pretty specific on those counts; they have been burned in the
past. Further, if you should happen to be friendly with your
postmaster or one of your postal persons (the joys of living in a
small town) there is little to keep them from telling you that someone
is watching your mail; except of course; the displeasure of the LEA,
but its not covered by any laws, since they don't have a warrant. Of
course if you are really doing something nasty and illegal  being
anything more than 'the guy in Box 213' to your postmaster might have
its downsides.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is    no path, and leave a trail."  - Ralph Waldo Emerson

@_date: 1997-12-23 01:36:08
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Coercive Monopolism vs Wimpyness 
I will preface these comments by saying that I run two boxes here a
Power Mac, on which I do most of my work, and a WinNT4/Linux dual boot
box as well.
On 12/22/97 4:50 AM, Secret Squirrel (anon at squirrel.owl.de)  passed
this wisdom:
 or a Mac (admittedly not as many hybrids or mac-only titles)
   on a Mac? who needs it?
   or a Mac
  MacLinkPlus translators (bundled with OS) handles all WinDoze docs
(often better than WinDoze itself!)
  (ugh!)
  most of the top manufacturers have Mac drivers. Epson printers even
come with Mac and PC interefaces built in
  same answer as above MacLinkPlus translators
 point, to you, but, the aim is not to produce an extra 500,000
CompSci educated users. It is to provide a useful tool for the masses.
Windows (who stole its interface from mac who stole it from xerox)
type GUIs are easier to use than CLIs, it is only since the
entrenchment of GUIs that they have come forth in the Unix/Linux
 another point to you. as a high school teacher in an area where there
is a large IBM plant (read that as a lot of IBM employed taxpayers). I
watched with dismay as more and more IBM and compatibles have grown to
take over the lab. We have a fulltime hard wired Internet connection
from the state of Vermont and yet its all but useless half the time
because of one windows problem or another. The lab coordinator spends
more time fixing WinDoze compatability problem than teaching computer
 PGP5 Mac came out early also
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and
  write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn."   -Alvin

@_date: 1997-12-23 07:08:19
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Lock and Load 
On 12/22/97 5:30 PM, mparson at smartnap.com (mparson at smartnap.com) passed this wisdom:
 At the risk of thumping upon a well deceased equine carcass, the
original expression was "Load and Lock" (admittedly "Load and Lock"
rolls off the tongue more easily than the inverse) as there were many
weapons whose actions could not be loaded when in the 'safe' position.
There are probably as many weapons where this is true as there where
it is not. In general it makes most sense to check for safe condition
before and after loading.
 But, to answer the orginal question, it is generally used as a
euphemism for "get ready for action" either offensive or defensive.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Journeys are about discovery, about lives touching briefly and then   except on the Internet, where distant lives can intertwine, and where a   journey of discovery never has to end." -- 	Jim Heid

@_date: 1997-12-23 14:47:52
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Lock and Load (fwd) 
Remington Model 8 semi-automatic rifle (circa 1905-1930+) there is one (high three digit serial number made in 1906) chambered in .35 Remington on the wall about 30 feet from where I am sitting. It's safety is right side mounted and not only blocks the trigger but locks the bolt forward both internally and externally by blocking track for the bolt handle, it must be off to draw the bolt back to load the internal five round pushdown magazine. The design was based on the original Browning patent for a semi-automatic rifle. I remember through the years seeing at least three other weapons with similar mechanisms but I cannot recall make and model save that one of the was a Remington of 1920's vintage.
 I don't know of any pistols .... except that in the case of the ubiquitous military .45 (1911A1) while one can easily insert a magazine with the gun on safe, it isn't truly loaded til a round is chambered which involves coming out of safe to rack the slide .... as far as I am concerned the only 'safe' safety on a .45 is the half-cock position. I have seen a number of malfunctions of the thumb safety and the grip safety as well as the barrel disconnect safety.
 In another message someone commented on not dropping a .45 with the hammer back ... I have a friend in NJ who commanded another platoon in my recon company in Nam. He jumped down off a parapet and his .45 bounced out of his flak jacket pocket and went off putting a large hole in his foot (for which he earned the nickname "Quick Draw"). It had been in 'condition 1' (full magazine inserted, round chambered, hammer at full cock, thumb safety on), but went off anyway. The armorer later said none of the parts seemed damaged or particularly worn, it just went off ... I am sure there's dozens more stories of loaded 45's going off when dropped.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
   savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
   Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand - The Fountainhead (1943)

@_date: 1997-12-23 15:19:27
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Lock and Load (fwd) 
On 12/22/97 9:41 PM, Jim Choate (ravage at ssz.com)  passed this wisdom:
   It may indeed serve that purpose, but the patch does serve as a
sealant and when set up with the right lubricant it cleans the bore on
the way out. This gave birth to the expression "one shot clean" - done
right the bore is more or less always dirty from the last shot only as
that shot cleaned the residue of the prior shot out by it lubricated
patch. Civil war era muskets and later used a Minie ball, which was no
ball at all but a tapered projectile which had no patching at all,
just 5-700 grains (for a 58 cal musket, lighter for .45 and .50) of
pure soft lead with a dab of lubricant in the hollowed base.
 Quite right, but there's one more caveat you forgot here, Jim, when
using the rod to tamp the ball down, its done with one hand with the
rod held between two fingers. You sort of 'throw' the rod down onto
the bullet, actually letting go, never holding the rod firmly and
*never* putting your hand on top of the rod to push it down. (I saw
one guy get a rod from a 58 cal three band Enfield shot through his
hand at a musket shoot once and more than a few rods shot through
rooves or into roof timbers in the shooting sheds or several hundred
feet through the air on open ranges)
Friction isn't the only source of stray ignition, powder embers from a
prior shot when doing rapid fire shooting has been a common culprit.
We had one musket shoot on a god awful hot sunny summer day and by the
sixth and seventh rapid fire shots in the midday shooting the muskets
were hot enough to cook off powder when combined with a little bit too
forceful tamping, we had to curtail shooting til later in the day.
All in all, the guys who had to use muzzle-loading weapons in war,
personal defense, and hunting had to have been an adventuresome lot,
todays weapons are boring in comparison.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "Frisbeetarianism, n.: The belief that when you die, your soul goes
   up on the roof and gets stuck."  -- author unknown

@_date: 1997-12-23 15:20:58
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Lock and Load (fwd) 
On 12/22/97 11:37 PM, Igor Chudov @ home (ichudov at Algebra.COM)  passed
this wisdom:
 Maybe it keeps Timmy happy to talk about guns ;-)
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "The idea that Bill Gates has appeared like a knight in shining       armour to lead all customers out of a mire of technological          chaos neatly ignores the fact that it was he who, by peddling        second-rate technology, led them into it in the first place.

@_date: 1997-12-23 15:42:58
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Lock and Load (fwd) 
It was the first cicilian marketed semi-auto in the country ... the right hand safety can be operated and usually is by the thumb of the right hand its a big flat lever with a good sized tab on it, just extend the right thumb and push down. The magazine was a non removeable clip that could only be loaded from the top, no stripper clips. The one drawback to the weapon was it was a top eject and the it was said that the ejecting shell distracted the eye of the shooter, personally I got used to that within the first 100 round I fired with it.
  agreed ... but .. my point is that racking the slide to chamber a round invlved bring the weapon to full cock, which, considering the abysmal track record of the the thumb safety removed the weapon from the only really safet state which was half-cock ... but that is maybe splitting hairs ...
Merry Christmas to you too ... we here in Vermont are having a *very* white Christmas already with more snow coming tonite and tomorrow ...
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "When hell freezes over, grab your ice skates."
      -- Mark Johnson

@_date: 1997-12-24 00:15:23
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk long gun 
On 12/23/97 2:41 AM, landon dyer (landon at best.com)  passed this
  Is that the one that looks exactly like a BAR on steroids? Huge box
magazine held 8 or 10 rounds and humungous bipod and huge recoil pad
on the butt. I always wondered what kind of mutant it would take to
shoulder fire that thing!
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys  "The reason worry kills more people than work is that more people worry
 than work" -- Robert Frost (1874-1963)

@_date: 1997-12-24 00:27:51
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk long gun 
On 12/23/97 1:34 AM, Tim May (tcmay at got.net)  passed this wisdom:
 In addition to that they chrome plated the chambers which eliminate
99% of the actions where the extractor would rip off the tail end of
the casing. "obturation" (almost microscopic expansion of the brass in
the chamber at ignition) and the coarser finish of the unplated
chambers coupled up to give a high percentage of jams. When the jam
was tough enough that the tail of the cartridge got ripped off the
poor trooper was up shits creek since he couldn't use a cleaning rod
to remove the shell ... a lot of M16s got bent around trees because of
that! By Nov 68 when I got in country the 1st MarDiv had replaced most
of its M16s with the newer chromed chamber models. I don't know about
other services or outfits.
  I had maybe a half dozen occasions where I put four to six 20 round
mags (the Marines didn't start getting the 30 round mags til the Army
got all theirs - sigh!) through my weapon on full auto in rapid
succession and never had a jam.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Give a man a fish and you have fed him for a day, but give him a case
  of dynamite and soon the village will be showered with mud and
  seaweed and unidentifiable chunks of fish." -Joe Chew

@_date: 1997-12-24 00:33:16
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Lock and Load (fwd) 
On 12/23/97 3:52 AM, Jim Choate (ravage at ssz.com)  passed this wisdom:
 Uhhhh ... 03 Springfield is a bolt action ....
 Rem Mod 8 is Browning semi-auto action essentially recoil operated
with the barrel inside a sleeve surrounded by a spring whihc recoiled
back with the bolt as well. The barrel spring had a stiffer constant
than the bolt spring so it strated forward frist effecting the
separation of bolt and reciever and stripping the round out straight
up. It was designed in 1903 and first manufactured in 1905. It was, as
I said, the first semi-auto marketed to the *civilian* market. There
were other semi-auto's but were all military weapons.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "The ultimate consequence of protecting men from the results of their
  own folly is to fill the world with fools." -- Herbert Spencer

@_date: 1997-12-24 11:46:45
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk long gun 
On 12/23/97 11:57 AM, Igor Chudov @ home (ichudov at algebra.com)  passed
this wisdom:
 Hot enough to burn exposed skin, but not enough for problems. I think
had I gotten up to seven or eight magazines one after another there
may have been danger of cooking off rounds or even barrel warp. I saw
a an M-2 50 on a Chinook get a barrel warp after 1000 straight rounds
... first the barrel was glowing cherry red in broad daylight then as
it cooled it warped enough that the gunner took it out of action ...
fortunately by that time we had gotten off the ground and were well
airborne on our way back to Danang (hmmmmmm, makes me think, nuthin
good ever did happen out near Thuong Duc and Charlie Ridge!)
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and
  write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn."   -Alvin

@_date: 1997-12-24 11:47:15
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk long gun 
On 12/23/97 12:28 PM, Tim May (tcmay at got.net)  passed this wisdom:
 In the 60's and early 70's at least, the most accurate 'sniper'
weapon in the military arsenal was the M-2 .50 cal machine gun (Ma
Deuce) with tripod and T/E mechanism and set for single shot fire.
There was a telecopic sight set for it and everything. On a 1st Recon
OP at a place called Hill 200 down river from Thuong Duc in Quang Nam
Province, Charlie liked to run dugouts and other small boats across
the Vu Gia at night and real early morning ... we used to potshot at
them with Ma Deuce from 2-3 klicks away and make good hits. We field
tested some of the first larger starlight scopes and the gave us one
rigged to mount on Ma Deuce, after three nights in a row causing
spectular secondaries Charlie gave up and moved much farther down
river. At the time they never could figure out how we saw them with
almost no moon.
 (interesting sidelight on this matter was that USMC T/O for Recon had
no 50 cals ... so we could not order ammo for it through normal supply
channels ... the only ammo we could get was by trading with the air
wing which meant all we could get was API (armor piercing incendiary)
sopposedly is highly verbotten to shoot at ground troops ... seems it
excessively ruins their afternoons!)
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and
  write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn."   -Alvin

@_date: 1997-12-24 12:31:35
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Best Cypherpunk long gun 
this wisdom:
 no questio about wear, but I saw the barrel after it colled and it had a warp to it. I said 1000 rounds straight and I meant it. They kept linking onto the belts and I will bet he didn't let up on the trigger  a dozen times through the ten belts .... my LRRP team had stumbled into a bit of hornets nest and half the NVA in that end of the province were chasing our asses by the time we hitthat LZ. the guy just kept firing til the barrel glowed and it did warp slightly when it cooled, enough that he didn't want to chance another round down the barrel. my guess is that it had been abused more than a few times and the overall temper of the metal had chnaged , but for sure there was probably very littel rifling left in the barrel as well. I have seen M-60 barrels so worn that they appeared to the naked eye as smoothbores.
Brian B. Riley -->  For my PGP Keys       "...error reading WinOS. (A)bort, (R)etry, (M)acintosh?"

@_date: 1997-12-30 01:07:26
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Why I Support Microsoft 
that's OK, we Mac-heads have MacLinkPlus translators, we just get em to write another half dozen or so  translators for Linux and Linux file system recognitions to the OS, no big deal ... we have always prided ourselves that MacOS often reads and processes Windoze documents better than WinDoze does ...
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "In effect, to follow, not to force the public inclination; to give a
   direction, a form, a technical dress, and a specific sanction, to the
   general sense of the community, is the true end of legislature."        -- Edmund Burke

@_date: 1997-12-30 08:22:47
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Paul.html 
On 12/29/97 6:53 PM, Jim Choate (ravage at ssz.com)  passed this wisdom:
 Who wrote this Jim, some of his statemenst don't jive with other
mainstream news accounts of what happened, let alone what really
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Journeys are about discovery, about lives touching briefly and then   except on the Internet, where distant lives can intertwine, and where a   journey of discovery never has to end." -- 	Jim Heid

@_date: 1997-11-02 00:14:58
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: apropos list talk and our culture 
No that was not the point made, in fact the show made a strong point in favor of the first amendment. They went after the shock-jock because he specifically incited a specific individiual with words which we he knew would have an immediate cause and effect result in getting this guy to go out and kill someone. There is a difference, and I personally thought they made the point well .... now the accused did try to hide behind the first amendment but that was not what the first amendment is all about.
  You have to pick yopur mountains to die on in those arenas and the shock-jocks cause would not have been one I would have touched were I a Constitutional lawyer.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "Never ask what sort of computer a guy drives. If he's a Mac user,
   he'll tell you. If not, why embarrass him?" - Tom Clancy

@_date: 1997-11-02 00:36:13
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: apropos list talk and our culture 
I really disagree with your overall assessment, but yes it definitely wasn't in a league with L&O and the script was somewhat uneven
  these were out of line and sort of to be expected these days
  Thats not how I viewed it, I don't remeber the words, but I saw it that he was not going to 'go after' the first amendment and cautioned them about how unwise that was.   maybe I am dreaming about something else, but I think they clearly showed that he had met with the guy and was fully aware that he was a crazy and could be pushed over the line
  definite slime    well gee maybe we should arrest everyone with a pentium/ppc and more than 16 Megs of RAM for possesion of 'cyber-terrorist' tools
   I looked at it with mixed emotions ... BATF is made up of guys and gals just like us, some good, some bad, some sheep. The problem with BATF is that their leadership sucked and the bad ones got their way. Just like years ago, when Philadelphia elected Frank Rizzo (former Police Commsisioner) mayor ... he wasn't a bad cop but ran a little rough shod over the Bill of Rights from time to time ... with him as Mayor, the Philadelphia PD went to hell in a handbasket because all his old cronies could get away with murder (often literally!)
Brian B. Riley -->  For my PGP Keys       "...error reading WinOS. (A)bort, (R)etry, (M)acintosh?"

@_date: 1997-11-02 23:58:12
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Clinton's Bigger Gun Ban 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/29/97 8:08 PM, Tim May (tcmay at got.net)  passed this wisdom:
 If I remember right they were able to do this because the only ammo
available for 7.62x39  is from the Chinese and uses steel core
projectiles not lead. Then when Olympic Arms came out with the cutdown
weapon chambered for 7.62x39 it was able to be banned uder a
regualtion banning "armor piercing ammo that could be used in a
   One thing though,  7.62x39 really could not be compared to the 5.56
NATO, its really more potent out to 2-300 meters; it is still a .30
cal vs 5.56 NATOs .223,  but its far less potent than 7.62 NATO
(7.62x54). The 7.62x39 was the standard caliber of ComBloc weapons for
several decades, most specifically the AK-47, AKM-44 (sniper weapon),
and SKS carbine. I think the Dragunov sniper system used a more potent
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Bacon and eggs: A days work for a chicken; a lifetime commitment for a

@_date: 1997-11-03 00:37:40
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: Fwd: William Louis ... Pol Pot speaks... 
I forwarded a copy of the above article to my friend Roger who lives and works in Thailand and this was his response ... I thought it might be of interest to the list.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
   savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
   Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand - The Fountainhead (1943)

@_date: 1997-11-03 03:41:39
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Clinton's Bigger Gun Ban 
[snip]
  I would not villify them, but I would wonder if they considered that aspect when they decided to market the weapon.
 Having faced down the SKS carbine in Nam on a couple of occasions, I can say its a rugged built and seemingly idiot proof weapon of reasonable accuracy out to 2-300 meters tops. Many versions come equipped with a three-fluted bayonette thats considerably longer than what we used and its *most* impressive when some guy comes out of the brush with one in your direction ... I got a chance to examine the blade from a few inches when I deflected his thrust and delivered a blow of my own ... I would just a soon have remained in blissful ignorance of the details ...    The 7.62x39 really isn't much of a cartridge, its not potent enough to justify its size, 7.62x54 is more potent and its not small enough to capitalize on its wimpiness, 5.56 NATO delivers as much oomph in much less size.   It is relatively simple to appreciate the size difference. When the standard issue service rifle was the M-14 (7.62x54 NATA) the standard load for a soldier was six(6) magazines of twenty plus the seventh in the rifle. When the M-16 became the standard service rifle, the same ammo load weight permitted twenty (20) magazines of twenty plus a twenty-first in the rifle.
140 rounds versus 420 rounds - biiigggg difference
 I too was quite impressed with that meeting, but not surprising. I brought a prisoner in once, an NVA regular, a major, and spent several days in the field with him before we could get lifted out. He spoke excellant English and wonderful education and a wry wit. I found I related better to him than I did to most of the upper ranks in the 1st MarDiv in DaNang ... almost had half a mind to say 'screw the suits' and let him go. Of course therein lies the problem of 'the suits' ... so long as they can get us to think of the enemy as 'gooks' or 'ragheads' or 'krauts' they can con us into killing them ... but as soon as you realize they have wives and kids and jobs and bills and neighbors and aunts and uncles and nephews, in short, are just like use save for the cut of their uniform ... its gets a lot harder to see just why you should kill them (unless of course they are pointing a gun at you!)
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "The strongest evidence of intelligent life on other planets is that
  they haven't come here yet.' -- from somewhere on The Net

@_date: 1997-11-03 11:38:52
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
This is one (of many) things my ex-wife and I used to disagree on ... she would want to haul the kid or herself off to the Emergency room everytime anything happened ... the idea of sleeping on it and seeing how it seemed in the morning was foreign to her; I can see that broken limbs getting sharp raps in head etc ... but every little sniffle ... of course premiums are up. For us, it was zero co-pay since between my retired military status and back then Raytheon medical coverage I never had to lay out a penny, when its that free eats easy to over-indulge ... and during those times I spent in the ER waiting room I saw many other doing the same thing.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys       "Home is where your books are" --	Kitty O'Neal

@_date: 1997-11-03 11:46:59
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Bell sentencing timed to coincide with raids on militia members? 
I used to think that way ... but then I thought, why pay all that money and walk the line of whatever Swinesteen et al come up with. Instead I have my deer rifles and a shotgun or two and ammo for both. The way this all is working now, I have more combat experience than 90% of the active duty military and most cops, and every day goes by more and more are retiring. If it ever comes down to that, I'll take down one or two of them with my deer rifle and help myself to their weapons and ammo ... also kind of makes sure I haven't set myself up to depend on an obsolete caliber ... if I am not good enough to take some of them down and take their weapons, no 300 nor 30,000 rounds for my very own Armalite is going to make any difference.
Brian B. Riley -->    For PGP Keys    "Everyone who lives dies; but not everyone who dies has lived"
    -- back of a 'No Fear' t-shirt

@_date: 1997-11-04 05:29:17
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: PGPsdk is out, but not for free (fwd) 
Have you ever priced earth moving equipment ... the price on them is easily 150-300% of what it should be, say comparing it to 'consumer' items, like cars and small pickups and extrapolating up for the backhoe or whatever ... everyone I talk to in the contracting business says the same thing,  "... its an item you are going to use to make money and they are taking a cut of your profits up front"
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   	"The Box said Win '95 or better - So I used a Macintosh!"
 			 -- Harold Herbert Tessman

@_date: 1997-11-18 12:56:09
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: See How They Lie (fwd) 
SEE HOW THEY LIE
By Jeff Jacoby, Globe Columnist, 11/13/97 This column is about lying, so let me just confess, full-disclosurewise,
that I have on occasion failed to tell the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth. Like everyone else, I learned early on that
honesty is sometimes the best policy - for getting in trouble. My father
often warned my siblings and me that if we got caught doing something
wrong, we would be punished, but if we got caught lying, the punishment
would be doubled. Naturally, we lied, hoping not to get caught at all.
Sometimes it even worked.
So, yes, I've told my share of fibs and fabrications. But it is one thing
to bend the truth in hopes of not being punished. It is something rather
different to shamelessly falsify one's personal history in order to score
cheap political points.
Which brings us to James Ware, a federal judge nominated by President
Clinton to the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. For years, Judge Ware has been telling a heartbreaking story about his
youth in Birmingham. It occurs during the racial turmoil of 1963, shortly
after the deadly bombing of the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church. James is
bicycling to a football game; his kid brother Virgil, a 13-year-old, is
riding on the handlebars. Suddenly two white racists open fire.
The gunshots knocked Virgil off the bike, Judge Ware recalled in a 1994
interview with the San Jose Mercury News, one of many occasions on which
he has told the story. ''He died there by the side of the road.''
Understandably, the murder of his brother left a deep mark. ''What
happened to me,'' Ware said, ''was a defining experience, a turning point
in my life.''
As well it might have been - if it were true. A young man named Virgil
Ware was murdered in Birmingham in 1963, but he was no relation to the
judge. To further his own career, James Ware simply helped himself to
another family's grief and martyrdom. Not until last week, when an
Alabama paper tracked down Virgil Ware's true relatives and confronted
Judge Ware with the facts, did he admit being a liar. Obviously his nomination to the Ninth Circuit is blown. But the president
shouldn't give up on Ware quite yet. This faker would be perfect for the
administration. After all, someone prepared to lie so brazenly about his
own past ought to feel right at home with the Clinton-Gore crowd.
Consider former Labor Secretary Robert Reich, who just published a memoir
filled with stormy scenes that never happened. In one episode, he
describes a 1995 appearance before the Joint Economic Committee. As Reich
tells it, US Representative Jim Saxton, the Republican chairman, flayed
him mercilessly. ''Where did you learn economics, Mr. Secretary?''
Saxton demands. Then, pointing to a chart, Saxton jumps up and down in
his chair, crying ''Evidence! Evidence!''
Pure fiction, discovered Jonathan Rauch, a respected Washington editor,
when he checked the transcript. ''I was flabbergasted,'' Rauch wrote in
Slate, ''so I checked the C-SPAN tapes, and they leave no doubt. Reich
appears to have fabricated much of this episode for dramatic effect.
Saxton was, in fact, decorous and polite. He did not jump up and down ...
he did not shout `Evidence! Evidence!''' Most of the quotations Reich
attributes to Saxton ''appear never to have been said at all.''
Reich doesn't deny making up events and quotations. ''These are my
perceptions,'' he shrugs. ''I might have goofed.'' Mmm-hmm. The same way
Judge Ware ''goofed.''
At least Reich never exploited the death of a close relative. Vice
President Al Gore, by contrast, mesmerized the 1996 Democratic convention
with the story of his sister's death from lung cancer 12 years earlier.
Gore detailed his ''final hours'' with Nancy and said the ''nearly
unbearable pain'' of her death made him take a vow: ''Until I draw my
last breath, I will pour my heart and soul into the cause of protecting
our children from the dangers of smoking.''
Very moving. But Gore almost certainly made no such vow. For years
following Nancy's death, he pocketed annual earnings from his family's
tobacco crop. In 1988 he boasted to North Carolina voters, ''I raised
tobacco. I want you to know that with my own hands, all of my life, I put
it in the plant beds and transferred it. I've hoed it. I've chopped it.
I've shredded it, spiked it, put it in the barn and stripped it and sold
When challenged on the inconsistency, the VP explained that ''you never
fully learn the lessons that life has to teach you.'' How profound.
Sounds like just the guy James Ware would enjoy working for.
Then there is Clinton himself, who is not above exploiting any tragedy if
there is political benefit in it. During the rash of church burnings in
1996, Clinton solemnly told a national radio audience that he has ''vivid
and painful memories of black churches being burned in my own state when
I was a child.'' It must indeed have been a traumatic experience. Except - there weren't
any black churches burned in Arkansas when Clinton was a child. The
Arkansas Democrat-Gazette checked: Not one civil rights leader or
historian could confirm Clinton's ''memories.'' Once again the president
had ''told a lie designed to make him look good,'' the paper concluded.
Spinning lies to look good seems to be a specialty of the administration.
Tell me Ware wouldn't fit right in.
Jeff Jacoby is a Globe columnist. This story ran on page A29 of the Boston Globe on 11/13/97. � Copyright 1997 Globe Newspaper Company.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys  "The reason worry kills more people than work is that more people worry
 than work" -- Robert Frost (1874-1963)

@_date: 1997-11-23 05:07:00
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Sentencing Delayed Again 
Hash: SHA1
On 11/22/97 12:00 PM, Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM (dlv at bwalk.dm.com)  passed
this wisdom:
 If I remember correctly about ten-twelve years or so ago it was
revealed thah the NY Times reporter who won a Pulitizer prize for his
coverage of the 'famine' was exposed as having not only been aware of
what was going on but wa actively involved in promoting the deception
and his award was revoked (not that it mattered much fifty years
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "Saying windows 95 is equal to Macintosh is like finding a potato
  that looks like Jesus and believing you've seen the Second Coming."
  -- Guy Kawasaki (MacWorld, Nov '95)

@_date: 1997-11-23 14:31:04
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: [Fwd: [cpj:265] COS] 
[snip]
 I have read a number of articles speculating that Omega COS may be vaporware. I went to their webapge which has some great sounding text hype and nothing else, no links, no ordering info, nada!
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Bacon and eggs: A days work for a chicken; a lifetime commitment for a

@_date: 1997-11-27 07:22:03
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Quoting Portions of a Signed Document 
Hash: SHA1
On 11/26/97 5:15 AM, Bill Stewart (stewarts at ix.netcom.com)  passed
this wisdom:
  I haven't been follwing this thread that closely, but skimming mch
of it and then rereading this whole post, I must concur that the
context issue renders much of the discussion moot unless you can not
only relate individual sub-blocks to the whole message it came from in
the proper order ... it seems to me we are right back where we
started, quoting referenced message(s) in entirety.
  It occurrs to me that if an issue is important enough that the
veracity and autheticity of a given passage is that critical,
including entire messages is of trivial concern. Now it could be
handled by the discussion participant quoting out of context and
'footnoting' his quote with a message ID. The message corresponding to
that ID has its entire text is signed and publicly stored and
accessible. If it needs to be checked then go check it, if not take it
on faith and read on.
Brian B. Riley -->    For PGP Keys    "Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis
   for a system of government."  -- author unknown

@_date: 1997-10-02 08:23:31
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/1/97 5:03 AM, Robert A. Costner (pooh at efga.org)  passed this
to be
data to
this will
 No, but I see that someone with a fulltime connection or even a
fulltime machine with an hourly or half hourly dialup would setup a
program to send randomly generated "Null:" messages to the randomly
selected remailers so that when he does have something to send that is
meaningful it will not change the apparent flow ...
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys     "First say to your self what you would be; then do what you
    have to do."  Epictetus (35-135 A.D.)

@_date: 1997-10-02 12:01:28
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/1/97 4:20 PM, Cynthia Brown (cynthb at sonetis.com)  passed this
 I live in the state of Vermont, where we have more guns per household
than most of the states in the US. We are one of the only (if not
*the* only) states in the Union that permits concealed carry without
requiring a permit (with the not surprising exceptions of USG
buildings and schools). Our record high murder year was a few years
ago, twenty three murders (that high because we had a woman go crazy
at the Eveready plant in Bennington and killed five people in one
sitting) in more recent years the figure generally stays under ten per
year ...three years ago the figure was five and only one of them was
with a gun ... a shotgun, not a handgun. We go where we please with
little fear as well; It has to do with a frame of mind, a set of
values, not with a lack of availability or opportunity.
  There is something to be said for living in a place where a man can
come right down off the hills during deer season and walk into a
liquor store with a shotgun to buy a bottle of hooch without drawing a
SWAT team! Try that in NYC or Toronto!
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Give a man a fish and you have fed him for a day, but give him a case
  of dynamite and soon the village will be showered with mud and
  seaweed and unidentifiable chunks of fish." -Joe Chew

@_date: 1997-10-02 12:07:37
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Remailers and ecash (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/1/97 8:38 PM, Jim Choate (ravage at ssz.com)  passed this wisdom:
 What header info?, its all messages to the remailer with nondescript
info .. from that point the latency and mix takes over. The meaningful
message looks no different from the 'cover' traffic.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather    be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom."  -  Alexis deToqueville

@_date: 1997-10-02 12:29:09
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/1/97 9:03 PM, Jim Choate (ravage at ssz.com)  passed this wisdom:
 ... nothing personal, but why is it people keep deluding themselves
with the idea that they can shoot to wound. You cannot know what a
shot will do ... if you shoot someone the odds are pretty high that
you will kill him or seriously injure. You cannot count on
'non-lethally' wounding anyone. Leg shots have a very high incidence
of hitting bone and deflecting up into the torso and really raising
havoc. A shot to the thigh could easily hit the femoral artery and a
total bleedout .... if you are going to shoot assume your are going to
kill, if the guys lives, then you get to sleep a little easier that
night and later.    I hear so much talk about killing like its something really easy to
do ... it isn't ... unfortunately it gets easier each time, and the
sleeping gets tougher ... the only consolation to the bad dreams is
that it means you haven't lost your humanity, yet!
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "...Those of you who turned your swords into plowshares will soon
  find yourselves under the yokes of those of us who kept our swords..."       -- author unknown

@_date: 1997-10-03 06:02:48
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/2/97 11:36 AM, Mark Rogaski (wendigo at ne-wendigo.jabberwock.org) passed this wisdom:
 ... oh, I well know the answer to the question ... just waxing a
little bit rhetorical ... I would seriously like to be there to look
into they eyes of the yahoos who so bithely espouse dropping the
hammer on a person right after they have watched the life drain from
someones eyes the for very first time and see just how well they feel
and how cocky and cavalier they still are. I wouldn't wish that burden
on anyone. You just can have no idea unless you have been there. We
send men off to war and then get all upset when so many come back with
there brains on crooked ... the sheeple have no idea what they have
done to these men (and now women) !!!
Brian B. Riley -->  For my PGP Keys       "...error reading WinOS. (A)bort, (R)etry, (M)acintosh?"

@_date: 1997-10-03 07:07:42
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/2/97 2:35 AM, Jim Choate (ravage at ssz.com)  passed this wisdom:
   None of these targets shoots back ... none of these targets pump up
much adrenaline. I would never call myself a great shot (I did qualify
expert at both rifle, M-14, "A" course and pistol, .45, 1911A1), and I
can tell you of making several 25-35 yard snap shots in the jungle at
moving shooting targets with the adrenaline driving my eyeballs
through the roof ... but they were exactly that, pure reflex, center
of body mass shots, under max pressure. I must in all fairness recall
the other three to six shots each time that could have gone anywhere
and probably did.
  The point is, "shooting to wound" is a dangerous delusion! *no one*
can predict what a bullet will do when it enters the body. The rule I
have always followed is don't take out your gun unless you are going
to use it; don't use it unless you intend to kill. Makes decisions
much easier on that basis.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   	"The Box said Win '95 or better - So I used a Macintosh!"
 			 -- Harold Herbert Tessman

@_date: 1997-10-06 05:02:08
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Traffic Analysis (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/5/97 1:18 PM, Jim Choate (ravage at ssz.com)  passed this wisdom:
 Maybe I have been away from hardcore engineering for too long, but
last time I checked MTBF (Mean Time Between Failures) is measured in
time (seconds, minutes, hours etc) not in failures per year that would
be called 'failure rate'
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "One of the deep mysteries to me is our logo, the symbol of lust
   and knowledge, bitten into, all crossed with in the colors of the
   rainbow in the wrong order. You couldn't dream of a more    appropriate logo: lust, knowledge, hope, and anarchy."
   -- Gassee - Apple Logo

@_date: 1997-10-06 08:03:27
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Pretty Good Piracy 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/5/97 6:37 PM, Anonymous (nobody at REPLAY.COM)  passed this wisdom:
 It seems to me that it should not necessarily compromise all keys,
though it does in effect provide for a goodly number of 'known
plaintext' objects. Could some of our hardcore crypto experts comment
on IDEA's susceptability to known plaintext which then provides
'plaintext' to the DH/DSS or RSA keys and what is their susceptability
to 'known plaintext'
 It occured to me while proofreading the above that in effect a
digitally signed cleartext document provides 'known plaintext' every
time its used, since the SHA-1/MD-5 can be computed the hash is a
'known plaintext' on the  DH/DSS and RSA keys ... is this one of the
reasons for the two key types in PGP5 ???
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "Never ask what sort of computer a guy drives. If he's a Mac user,
   he'll tell you. If not, why embarrass him?" - Tom Clancy

@_date: 1997-10-07 05:18:22
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: New PGP "Everything the FBI ever dreamed of" 
Hash: SHA1
 I would be almost as inclined to think that a company using PGP5.5
with a forced encrypted to (company) self in addition to whomever else
... might even put up a bigger fuss about passing out their 'master
key' to Freeh-dumb et al. than many CP individuals ...
  ... another passing thought, could the anticipated implementation of
this have had anything to do with removal of the 'conventional
encryption' options in PGP5 ????
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys     "It's what you learn after you know it all that counts"             John Wooden

@_date: 1997-10-07 06:17:35
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: russia_1.html 
Hash: SHA1
I forwarded this thread on the missing Russian suitcase nukes to my
retired CIA buddy and this was his comments;
Brian B. Riley -->    For PGP Keys    "If this is the first day of the rest of my life, I am in DEEP trouble!"

@_date: 1997-10-10 16:39:35
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: What's really in PGP 5.5? 
This sums up the stupidity of the whole thing. The *only* thing the government achieves is invasion of honest people's privacy and catching a few stupid crooks who would most likely fuck up anyway and get caught if they are actually stupid enough to think government escrowed encryption is gonna hide their communications.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "He's mad that trusts in the tameness of a wolf ... or a whore's oath."
    -- SHAKESPEARE, "King Lear," III, 6

@_date: 1997-10-22 07:49:31
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Your "RIGHT" to Speak to Big Brother 
Hash: SHA1
On 10/20/97 11:13 PM, Eric Cordian (emc at wire.insync.net)  passed this
  can you say INSLAW ????? they are sooooo trustworthy!
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
   savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
   Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand - The Fountainhead (1943)

@_date: 1997-10-29 08:35:40
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Saving money 
no he is not .... he is repeating what we all see in the grocery store checkout lines and in the gutters with regularity ... even here in Vermonte where self-sufficiency is a way of life we see third, fourth, and fifth generation welfare families. I literally just came from picking up groceries in a Grand Union in Essex Junction (biiiggg suburb of Burlington, also home of a big IBM plant) the lady in fromt of me was playing the food stamp game ... there was more junk in that basket along with the beer. I teach 'at risk' students in a high school near here and I am dealing with kids who have some potential to do something with themselves and have no inclination to try. I have a kid who is definitely got the brains to go to college to do something with himself whose main aim in life right now was figuring out how to forge the slip for free school lunches for him and his sister so he can pocket the lunch money from his parents ... yeah, I know, send him into politics!
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "...Those of you who turned your swords into plowshares will soon
  find yourselves under the yokes of those of us who kept our swords..."       -- author unknown

@_date: 1997-09-02 01:24:15
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Encouraging News - France 
From Brian B. Riley -->         For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "One of the deep mysteries to me is our logo, the symbol of lust
   and knowledge, bitten into, all crossed with in the colors of the
   rainbow in the wrong order. You couldn't dream of a more    appropriate logo: lust, knowledge, hope, and anarchy."
   -- Gassee - Apple Logo

@_date: 1997-09-03 11:49:18
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Information 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/2/97 9:28 PM, Jonathan Wienke (JonWienk at ix.netcom.com)  passed
this wisdom:
 Just curious, where did you ever get the idea that criminals fear the
police? The way our system works these days, the police are hardly
more than an annoyance and inconvenience (unless of course an NYC cop
asks if you want to go to the bathroom!) rather than to be feared.
Brian B. Riley -->        For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
 	"When you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is      time to reform."	-- Mark Twain

@_date: 1997-09-04 11:23:18
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow; Denning on export ctrls (fwd) 
On 9/3/97 8:30 PM, Lucky Green (shamrock at netcom.com)  passed this wisdom:
 ... hmmmm,  immediate *lawful* decryption ... which implies that they plan to end run the Bill of Rights with some law that permits them to walk in and snoop on the spot ... right now to look at my mail which needs no key, just a teakettle, they at least have to stop somewhere and find a tame judge, which removes at least some of the immediacy.
Brian B. Riley -->          For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "In effect, to follow, not to force the public inclination; to give a
   direction, a form, a technical dress, and a specific sanction, to the
   general sense of the community, is the true end of legislature."        -- Edmund Burke

@_date: 1997-09-04 11:39:26
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow; Denning on export ctrls 
Hash: SHA1
 So, looking at all this, what does it mean???? Are they going to have
an amnesty period when I can run down to my local firehouse and turn
in my PGP5 CDROM without risking going to jail? Will MIT turn over
logs of everyone who ever d/l-ed PGP2 and we have four weeks to turn
over every backup disk we ever made? If they do get this by us, and I
decide to use their silly-assed encryption, do I get a ten year all
expense paid vacation at the Allenwood Hilton if I send my bootlegged
PGP message inside their encryption?
Brian B. Riley -->         For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel" -- Samuel Johnson
  "With all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer I
    beg to submit that it is the first."            -- Ambrose Bierce's commentary on Johnson's definition.

@_date: 1997-09-04 20:53:51
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
On 9/4/97 12:51 AM, Tim May (tcmay at got.net)  passed this wisdom:
 I don't know if the law is still on the books, but when I was an undergrad at Univ of Penn in the 60's you could not buy a water pistol/squirtgun of any kind, because there had been some incidents where people were squirted in the face with ammonia bu a couple of miscreants, so the city council took it upon themselves to 'protect' us all!
Brian B. Riley -->       For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "The more you run over a dead cat, the flatter it gets!"

@_date: 1997-09-04 20:59:57
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Big Brother is watching 
On 9/4/97 1:17 AM, Lucky Green (shamrock at netcom.com)  passed this wisdom:
 .. among other things, I teach school. Mostly one on one tutoring and occasional Calculus or Physics fill-in ... (nice when you already have a pension to be able to work leisurely and play with your computer!) I am in the process of rereading "Fahrenheit 451" - the recent printing  of this in paperback features a Marquis that says somethig like "Now, more relevant than ever" - as much as I hate having someone else tell me what to think ... they certainly seem to be right. It has been over twenty years since I read it and now ... it surely seems to be right on the path mentioned above and then some ... William Lederer also had it right years ago when he penned "A Nation of Sheep"
Brian B. Riley -->        For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
 "...Those of you who turned your swords into plowshares will soon
  find yourselves under the yokes of those of us who kept our swords..."       -- author unknown

@_date: 1997-09-06 12:14:36
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Di and Dodi Run Over A Land Mine 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/5/97 4:54 AM, Toto (toto at sk.sympatico.ca)  passed this wisdom:
 [snip]
  This is the light in which I prefer to remember her .. thankyou for
saying it so nicely.
  [snip]
 .. here I can speak with some authority ... having lost a part of my
anatomy to such a device ... for many years I quietly accepted what
had happened to me as a forseeable consequence of having gone off to a
war ... but in correspondance with my US Senator, Patrick Leahy,
another major backer of the anti-landmine effort, I came to realize
that the mines sowed along the trail from Phuc Loc(5) to Phuc Loc(6),
of which I became one victim, could just as easily have maimed/killed
any of the dozens of villagers who plied that trail every day.   Further, when I was trained as an infantry officer by the Marine
Corps in the use of mines we were taught to painstakingly prepare map
overlays showing the location of each and every mine ... but when we
got to that tropical SE Asian wonderland ... the way it was done was
to plant em and forget em unless it was in your front yard ... that is
immoral, no discussion! FWIW, my .02!
Brian B. Riley -->       For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
   "...if you drink much from a bottle marked 'poison,' it is almost
     certain to disagree with you, sooner or later"  -- Lewis Carroll

@_date: 1997-09-06 22:43:39
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: New GAK Bill 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/6/97 9:08 AM, John Young (jya at pipeline.com)  passed this wisdom:
  What I would like to know is how they can justify imposing it on
messages between individuals and corporations or corporations to
corporations. It also occurs to me that if such communications were
within state boundries might not that further restrict where they can
put their nose? In they end they most likely will do as they please,
but usually they try to start with some semblance of legal
constitutional foundation ... this time they seem to have gone for the
throat in the first inning, the Constitution be damned ...
  I see, despite the wording of the McCain-Kerry, that after they have
that in place, they will then coming whining that because the private
sector is excluded that all these bad people are doing an endrun, so
we need to bring them in under the umbrella of GAK ...  ... 'up
the revolution!'
Brian B. Riley -->        For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
 "It would take an archimedean fulcrum to raise you to the level of
  total depravity" --Thomas E. Carney, ca. 1920

@_date: 1997-09-07 23:08:40
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: BXA Testimony at SAFE Hearing 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/7/97 4:48 AM, Apache (apache at bear.apana.org.au) passed this
  Therein lies the problem, it actually would be funny, if it weren't
true. The sheeple will feel its good 'cuz it is *gummint 'proved* !!
And all the ignorant suits out their will lockstep ... when in doubt
nobody gets fired for buying *gummint approved* !!! THEN, the gummint
boys can come back and say "...look 92% of businesses went along with
it" as the raison d'etre for turning it into a mandate.  I tend to
think of this process as 'lemmings followed by a bulldozer'
Brian B. Riley -->          For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "to be yourself in a world that tries, night and day, to make you just
   like everybody else - is to fight the greatest battle there ever is to
   fight and keep on fighting"  - e.e. cummings

@_date: 1997-09-10 10:43:16
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: EMP & Cars (fwd) 
On 9/8/97 7:00 AM, Peter Trei (trei at process.com)  passed this wisdom:
 My 1988 Bronco II used to drop out of Cruise Control if I used 25 watts or more on 440 MHz FM. On the 50 watt setting at 440 MHz the engine would start running rough, though it never died. de ka2bqe
Brian B. Riley -->     For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
    -- of Steve Jobs (1997)
  "He gazed up at the enormous face. But it was all right.    Everything was all right, the struggle was finished. He had
   won the victory against himself. "
  "He loved Big Brother."                 -- George Orwell, "1984"

@_date: 1997-09-10 11:47:03
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Removing Tyranny from Democracy (Part II), was Democracy is the true enemy... 
I see what we have at the moment is a tyranny over the majority by the tiny minority of the population that happen to hold the reigns of power ... look at what Freeh et al. is trying to do ... shoving it right down our throats ... as we all used to say after Nam ... BOHICA!
Brian B. Riley -->       For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
   "...if you drink much from a bottle marked 'poison,' it is almost
     certain to disagree with you, sooner or later"  -- Lewis Carroll

@_date: 1997-09-10 12:07:25
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow; Denning on export ctrls (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
 We have batted this around and around ... I am curious though what
the more legal-oriented among us feel the current wording portends for
us ... say it gets passed ... just what will be the legal status of
the use of non-GAKked crypto?
   There is little question that steganography will be raised to a
high art form under these proposals. That not withstanding, I would
just like to get a feel for exactly where it leaves the current PGP et
al. community?
Brian B. Riley -->         For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The
   savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe.
   Civilization is the process of setting man free from men."
    -- Ayn Rand - The Fountainhead (1943)

@_date: 1997-09-12 08:07:28
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: in defense of Lon Horiuchi 
On 9/11/97 12:16 PM, Zooko Journeyman (zooko at xs4all.nl)  passed this   This doesn't sound like any accounts I have read of what happened at Ruby Ridge ... Zooko I think you are the one off base here.
Brian B. Riley -->     For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
        "Lord, what fools these mortals be!"              -- Puck, A Midsummer Night's Dream

@_date: 1997-09-12 08:25:32
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: in defense of Lon Horiuchi 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/11/97 3:43 PM, Chip Mefford (cmefford at avwashington.com)  passed
this wisdom:
  Horiuchi shot Mrs Weaver at slightly over 200 meters .... not much o
of a chnace he didn't hit what he was aiming at ... which begs the
question of *wha* was he aiming at?  The rules of engagement
promulgated by Louis Freehs buddy Potts (I think) were nothing more
than a death warrant and I have heard that most of the FBI marksmen
balked at them ... but not good ole 'doin what I'm told to do' Lon ...
yeah right!
Brian B. Riley -->        For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is
    no path, and leave a trail"  - Ralph Waldo Emerson

@_date: 1997-09-13 07:55:14
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/12/97 1:31 AM, Anonymous (nobody at REPLAY.COM)  passed this wisdom:
 [snip]
 Please correct me if I am wrong, but could not a GAK backdoor be
written that will simply permit decryption only of the ciphertext and
not encryption. Would not this prevent this from happening?
  Don'tget me wrong. It scares the hell out of me too, but maybe, in
addition to that various things Tim has suggested we might also
consider how to make the GAK as secure as cam be to minimize its
potential for disaster.
Brian B. Riley -->          For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "The only thing necessary for evil to triumph, is for good men to    stand by and do nothing"  Edmund Burke

@_date: 1997-09-14 12:09:01
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: http://www.ifi.uio.no/pgp/ 
On 9/13/97 8:37 PM, bureau42 Anonymous Remailer (remailer at bureau42.ml.org)  passed this wisdom:
 I tired to connect to it several times in the last half hour and MSIE returned and 'unable to connect" Brian B. Riley -->          For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
  "Never ask what sort of computer a guy drives. If he's a Mac user,
   he'll tell you. If not, why embarrass him?" - Tom Clancy

@_date: 1997-09-15 20:53:42
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Freeh says FBI doing great, supports Weaver killer 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/15/97 12:36 AM, Douglas L. Peterson (fnorky at geocities.com) passed this wisdom:
Randy Weaver maybe wasn't the most politically correct citizen of the
state, but the whole thing that got him in trouble was that they
wanted him to spy on the white supremacists that lived up in the hills
near him and he refused. He had a 'live and let live' attitude about
the whole thing. So far as I have read he wasn't an active white
supremacist so much as he wouldn't come out against them ... now maybe
other evidence has been unearthed since the last time I looked into
the matter in any detail, but that is how I read it.
Brian B. Riley -->      For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
       "Home is where your books are" --	Kitty O'Neal

@_date: 1997-09-15 20:56:37
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Ship Code!  Re: House Intelligence Committee Press Release 
On 9/15/97 1:14 AM, Bill Frantz (frantz at netcom.com)  passed this wisdom:
 ... not the least of which is that the computing horsepower to look at each and every message (ya never know; a naked picture of my dog my get through) and do even the barest of evaluations on it would swamp the system. By way of barest evaluation, just examining the To and From fields to see if one of them is on *the list* of suspicious persons.
Brian B. Riley -->        For PGP Keys -  Send Email Subject "Get PGP Key"
 	"When you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is      time to reform."	-- Mark Twain

@_date: 1997-09-19 05:38:15
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: LACC:  DEA Agents Accuse CIA of Tapping Phones 
Hash: SHA1
   I sent a copy of this post to a buddy of mine who retired from the
CIA not too long ago ... these were his comments on the matter; FWIW.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "It is one of the most beautiful compensations in life that no    man can sincerely try to help another, without helping himself."
       -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

@_date: 1997-09-24 04:15:59
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: SAFE Bill and CongressCritter Staffs 
Hash: SHA1
I called Bliley and Dingell, their offices are saying there is no
dedicated 'staffer' on encryption, that its all being handled by
Commerce Committee staff, both offices forwarded my call to the same
Commerce staff person. The staff person says that right now there are
no amendments formally being considered. That Oxley/Manton is just
talk for the moment. Anyway I spoke my piece and said I encouraged the
congressman to resist any amendments to HR695. He thanked me and said
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Darkness cannot drive out darkness, only light can do that. Hate
  cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. -- Martin Luther King Jr.

@_date: 1997-09-25 12:45:04
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Oxley Amendment 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/24/97 11:40 PM, Michael Brock (hrast at flash.net)  passed this
  ... since when did the will of the constituency ever have more than
a minor influnce on a congress-critter???
 ..... hmmmmm ... can you spell Jesse Helms ????
Brian B. Riley -->    For PGP Keys    "Everyone who lives dies; but not everyone who dies has lived"
    -- back of a 'No Fear' t-shirt

@_date: 1997-09-27 12:22:49
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: The CipherSaber Manifesto 
On 9/24/97 8:42 PM, Antonomasia (ant at notatla.demon.co.uk)  passed this   ... same thing occurred to me though its easy enough to test the key length and the truncate it at 246 issuing a warning to the user ...
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "The idea that Bill Gates has appeared like a knight in shining       armour to lead all customers out of a mire of technological          chaos neatly ignores the fact that it was he who, by peddling        second-rate technology, led them into it in the first place.

@_date: 1997-09-27 22:22:34
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: FCC Proposes V-Chip Requirements for TV Manufacturers 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/26/97 2:20 PM, Bill Stewart (stewarts at ix.netcom.com)  passed this
   At the risk of asking the obvious .... what ever happened to
parents supervising their kids ... I know all the reasons ... mod and
dad working etc .... but I teach school, and here in Vermont I still
run into families with two breadwinners who actually know what their
kids are doing ... (sadly, not as many as I wish I would meet; and
since my job is working with 'at risk' students 98% of the parents I
deal with have no clue as to what their kids are doing)
  The joke of the whole thing is that most probably the kids will know
how to manage the 'controls' better than the parents and they will use
the V-ratings and controls to figure out which shows they will find
'most interesting!'
Brian B. Riley -->  For my PGP Keys       "...error reading WinOS. (A)bort, (R)etry, (M)acintosh?"

@_date: 1997-09-27 22:36:36
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Remailer latencies (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
On 9/26/97 11:49 PM, Jim Choate (ravage at ssz.com)  passed this wisdom:
 I am incline to think that as the traffic goes up the need to
generate 'n' mails for each 'real' inbound/outbound goes down.  It
would seem to me that one could specify a general volume level, ie, in
a given period of time, say 1 hour if only 1-20 objects of mail comes
in, generate some random amount between say 20 and 100 bogus objects
to have a volume level that provides the uncertainty to
foil/complicate traffic analysis. If 20 to 40 real mails come in,
generate 30 to 150 objects, if 40 to 100 comes in maybe only 40 to 200
extra objects. As the volume rises, it seems to be the need for
voluminous additional bogus objects decreases somewhat as you have
plenty of objects to get a good 'mix' and 'latency.'
  I will admit I am a neophyte here and am working more on what
appears to me as common sense; I would be happy to be educated as to
what is wrong with the above logic ...
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "I left him for dead and buried his axe.  If there was a Valhalla, I
  wanted him weaponless." from "Highlander"

@_date: 1998-04-04 09:11:19
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: V-Chip Reruns... 
On 4/4/98 8:04 AM, Toto (toto at sk.sympatico.ca)  passed this wisdom:
 Not to sound like a first amendment basher, but if these parents are
worried about what their daughter is viewing on her own TV in the
bedroom, why don't they take it the hell out of there and have her watch
TV in the family room. The implication is that she is young enough for
them to be concerned about her impressionability. If she is that young,
isn't that simply good parenting? Seems to me like a no brainer ... but
then again, what the hell do I know .. I raised four kids (youngest 16)
who all seem to have their heads on reasonably straight and have yet to
be named in any indictments.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "But it is said: Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle   and quick to anger." - Gildor (_The Lord of the Rings_, by J.R.R.

@_date: 1998-04-21 19:21:52
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Position escrow 
On 4/21/98 7:33 PM, Mark Armbrust (marka at ff.com)  passed this wisdom:
 It seems to me that security dependent upon someone else's ethics/guts or lack of them is no security at all.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose."

@_date: 1998-04-21 19:33:31
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Position escrow 
The idea of a 'cellular remailer' will run afoul of the fact that the
FCC has control of the spectrum allocations. Unlike an Internet remailer
where the FCC has little say, it is not likely that they would permit a
commercial enterprise that would be able to be setup and run in that
manner. I don't even mention 'non-commercial' as that spectrum is so
valuable there is no way it would ever be turned over to
'amateur/citizen' use ... it will either be setup according to the
FCC/FBI dictates or it won't exist.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary   safety deserve neither liberty nor safety." -- Ben Franklin, ~1784

@_date: 1998-02-04 11:27:52
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: the best justice money can buy --Lessig suspended 
On 2/3/98 9:45 PM, Ryan Anderson (ryan at michonline.com)  passed this  ... and while Intel is not so quietly making noises about the soon to be available 333MHz Pentium IIs, Motorola quietly announced 400/433 MHz PPC chips two weeks earlier.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "Fate favors the prepared mind." (from "Under Siege 3")

@_date: 1998-02-10 06:09:25
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
On 2/9/98 12:25 PM, Tim May (tcmay at got.net)  passed this wisdom:
As I write this there are advertisements up in the halls at the HS (obviously with school blessings) where I teach (a few miles east of Burlington, VT) specifically soliciting 17 year olds to work for a private company under contract to the state to 'test buy' tobacco products. I haven't heard about any takers yet nor anything backfiring.
  I wonder, though, how long it would go on if some shopkeeper indeed did this? But, is it a crime to try to buy booze or tobacco underage, if you do not try to show fraudulent indentification?
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "He's not dead -- He's electroencephalographically challenged."

@_date: 1998-02-11 05:59:17
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Fwd: Social Security 
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Everyone has a photographic memory. Some just don't have film."

@_date: 1998-02-11 10:33:12
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: TEMPEST open-source definition version 0.1alpha 
On 2/10/98 8:19 PM, Ryan Lackey (rdl at mit.edu)  passed this wisdom:
  [big snip]
 Some of this reminds me of when I worked at Raytheon, I did some coding
for this genius at magnetic fields we had. This was the time of the MX
missile and the 'racetrack' concept, mobile launchers that moved all the
time. The idea was that a significiant percentage of the mobile launch
cannisters were empty and what the scientist I worked with had to do was
design a set of coils for the dummy cannister that would make it have
the same magnetic signature as a real cannister loaded with a real
missile ... "sort of a global thermonuclear shell game" if you will ...
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    -- give us the rights Abraham Lincoln cherished lovingly:
     "Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves."

@_date: 1998-02-20 11:40:56
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: PLO censoring pro-Iraqi sentiments 
I prefer to view what Tim said in the context that "Amerika" the ugly
got its tail kicked in the broader sense. I don't believe that Tim took
any pleasure in seeing American soldiers getting killed.
  The fact remains that we, Amerika, did get our tail kicked in Somalia;
like Viet Nam it was little reflection on the troops but a reflection of
the of a command staff being run by Washington DC Apparatchiki all
suffering from cranio-rectal inversion. America deserves all the
ridicule that has been heaped upon it for those fiascos; only ... some
time, maybe we can but hope the we will finally learn at least one
lesson and get it right once before I go for the long sleep!
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "Despite the bleating of various socialistically-anointed
 freakshow groups, the vast majority of us realize that bringing
 children into the world is not only the most wonderful endeavor
 with which we can be associated but absolutely essential if we
 aren't going to put ourselves on the EPA's endangered species
 list."  Winston Borden

@_date: 1998-02-21 12:43:35
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: The Political Education of Eric Tune 
On 2/20/98 1:32 AM, Eric Cordian (emc at wire.insync.net)  passed this  Somewhere in there I also remember reading about the fact that Kuwait was slant drilling into a major Iraqi oil field and systematically pumping it for all it was worth. Not exactly kosher! Many greater conflicts have been begun for far more trivial transgressions.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is
    no path, and leave a trail"  - Ralph Waldo Emerson

@_date: 1998-02-22 10:49:32
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Test: please ignore 
test, please ignore, thanks
Brian B. Riley -->    For PGP Keys    "Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel" -- Samuel Johnson
  "With all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer I
    beg to submit that it is the first."            -- Ambrose Bierce's commentary on Johnson's definition.

@_date: 1998-02-23 10:24:41
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: CryptoGate, from CAQ 
On 2/23/98 11:15 AM, MediaFilter (mf at mediafilter.org)  passed this
 While I feel that, considering its holier than thou attitude, the USG
is acting in a morally reprehensible fashion, these countries got what
they deserve; if they didn't have one of their own on hand, they should
have rented a crypto specialist from "Cypherpunks R Us" (TCM prop) to
check out the equipment/software. If the damned key was passed along
with the ciphertext it seems to me that it should have been easy enough
to tell by creating some known very short text messages ... are they
really that lazy/stupid/trusting?????
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "Sometimes it is said that man cannot be trusted with the government
  of himself.  Can he, then, be trusted with the government of others?
  Or have we found angels in the forms of kings to govern him?  Let
  history answer this question."  Thomas Jefferson, 1st Inaugural Addr

@_date: 1998-01-02 13:36:30
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Guns: H&K, G3, 7.62 v 5.56 [Guns] (fwd) 
On 1/1/98 2:19 PM, Jim Choate (ravage at ssz.com)  passed this wisdom:
 IIRC, the Barret gun with all its gear is also a multiperson load as
well, so the 'alone' part isn't very valid either.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "Saying windows 95 is equal to Macintosh is like finding a potato
  that looks like Jesus and believing you've seen the Second Coming."
  -- Guy Kawasaki (MacWorld, Nov '95)

@_date: 1998-01-04 06:01:20
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Guns: H&K, G3, 7.62 v 5.56 [Guns] (fwd) 
On 1/3/98 4:05 PM, Ryan Lackey (rdl at mit.edu)  passed this wisdom:
I finally remebered where I saw it. In Tom Clancy's non-fiction book
"MARINE: A Guided Tour of a Marine Expeditionary Unit." On pages 75-77
(there is a good picture too) he details the history and developement
as well as the uses of the "Barrett M82A1A .50-cal special-purpose
sniper rifle." It is for all intents and purposes a Brownig M2 .50-cal
machine gun barrel/receiver set o a newly designed spring recoil
system to be fired from shoulder wit bipod. It is chambered for the
NATO standard .50-cal/12.7mm ammunition. It was developed by Ronnie
Barrett of Murfeesboro, Tennessee and further developement sponsored
by the USG and was first deployed by the CIA with the Mujahadeen in
Afgahnistan where they used it to make some Russian troops quite
miserable from a long way off. The sucess of it in Afghanistan force
the military to consider it. Nothing is said concerning other services
but it has been adopted by the USMC Force Recon for use by a three man
team. The gun is broken down into upper reciever, lower reciver, and
scope and ammo.
  There may be .50-cal bolt actions out there that are one man
carries, but the Barrett gun is a three man load. The gun is 57 inches
long and weighs 32.5 pounds, unloaded with no scope. The primary
mission of the gun is not man sniping, though I am sure it often has
been and will be used in that role, but its main aim is to long range
snipe and disable antennae, dishes, equipment, etc using the AP and
API ammunition.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys      reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go around repeating
   the very phrases which our founding fathers used in their struggle for
   independence." -- Charles M. Beard

@_date: 1998-01-04 23:54:43
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Fwd: Yup 
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Journeys are about discovery, about lives touching briefly and then   except on the Internet, where distant lives can intertwine, and where a   journey of discovery never has to end." -- 	Jim Heid

@_date: 1998-01-06 05:55:52
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Netiquette: (was) Re: .50 ammo 
On 1/5/98 1:29 AM, Alan Olsen (alan at clueserver.org)  passed this
 small point here of netiquette. one should be careful when trimming
down quotes out of context ... I did not make the above statement.
This time it is of little matter as the statement wasn't very
inflammatory nor was it very controversial (not that CP is *ever*
inflammatory or controversial), but it may well have been.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "There's so much comedy on television. Does that cause comedy in
    the streets?"  Dick Cavett

@_date: 1998-01-08 11:03:53
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: cypherpunks and guns 
On 1/7/98 3:16 AM, Kent Crispin (kent at songbird.com)  passed this
 ... not so .... the US Military has very few really experienced
combat soldiers left and most of those are in places where their
experience isn't available to the grunt on the line. Most RVN vets are
retired ... look just recently at what happened to the Russians troops
sent to Chechnya ... all these brand spanking new, highly trained
proud young 19 and 20 year old troops went romping off to fight 'a
bunch of old men' in the Chechyn Republic ... there was one little
problem ... a big hunk of those old men had spent two to seven years
in that same Russian Army fighting the Mujahedeen in Afghanistan ...
and that 'bunch of old men' kicked their young asses!
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "In effect, to follow, not to force the public inclination; to give a
   direction, a form, a technical dress, and a specific sanction, to the
   general sense of the community, is the true end of legislature."        -- Edmund Burke

@_date: 1998-01-09 12:36:18
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Question on U.S. Postal Service and crypto 
On 1/8/98 3:26 PM, Robert A. Costner (pooh at efga.org)  passed this wisdom:
 Maybe they are confusing an electronic mailbox with a snailmail box ... the USPS has always contended that they (the USPS) "own" your mailbox and use that criterion to prosecute people who drive around putting things like circulars etc in mailboxes. Maybe they we on a role thinking that if they got into the e-mail business they would 'own' that piece of your hard drive so to speak.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys  The Windows PC Versus Macintosh Buying Decision:	
  "If you want to encourage your kids to color outside the lines, think   creatively and zig when the other kids zag, get the Mac. On the other   hand, if you want to teach your kid that life if full of frustration and   that anything worth getting takes plenty of patience and hard work, a   Windows machine should do quite nicely."
     - David Plotnikoff in the San Jose Mercury News

@_date: 1998-01-12 22:38:47
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Eternity Services 
On 1/11/98 6:35 PM, David Miller (dm0 at avana.net)  passed this wisdom:
 On the surface there would appear to be some parallels worth thinking
upon with regard to ham/FCC. but the ham radio community for the most
part qualifies under the category of 'sheeple'. Separate out the
hotheads and idiots and you have a handful of forward thinkers who
want to try to push the envelope held back by the vast majority of
reactionaries. Even when the forward thinkers want to push the
envelope within the rules, not even asking for relaxed or waived
rules, they react with 'this is not the way we have always done it.'
The FCC and the Washington establishment is well aware of this and
that is why they more or less leave hams alone to regulate their own
quiet little tea party.
 I cannot see the FCC looking kindly on the use by hams or
establishment of a Citizen's Radio Data Service (as has been proposed
several times through the years) to establish a secured delibrately
obscured data network. As far as hams are concerned they are limited,
right off the bat, by regulations prohibiting use of 'codes or
encipherment whose purpose is to obscure the meaning of the
message(data).' The ham self-regulation may be a precedent, but I
don't think it would provide any leverage on this matter. Of course,
there is always steganograpy ... one man's GIF is another mans data.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and
  write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn."   -Alvin

@_date: 1998-01-13 12:08:57
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Talk of Banning Research into Human Cloning 
On 1/12/98 3:32 PM, Tim May (tcmay at got.net)  passed this wisdom:
 I think many of us are understandably nervous about the mistakes that
could be made in the process of perfecting human cloning. But Tim's
point is well taken, yet another potential 'slippery slope.'
  It also begs the question again of 'are we getting too paranoid?' I
think the nanswer is still "no, not yet", as the Klinton
administration proves to us almost every day it seems.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys     "It's what you learn after you know it all that counts"             John Wooden

@_date: 1998-01-17 10:46:19
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Fwd: Skiing 
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher   those who think alike than those who think differently." -- Nietzche

@_date: 1998-01-26 11:46:48
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Tossing your cookies [Re: Why no "Banner Ad Eaters"?] 
On 1/25/98 12:16 PM, Jim Gillogly (jim at acm.org)  passed this wisdom:
 On a Mac you can erase the cookies file and then create a folder by the same name in its place ...
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "One of the deep mysteries to me is our logo, the symbol of lust
   and knowledge, bitten into, all crossed with in the colors of the
   rainbow in the wrong order. You couldn't dream of a more    appropriate logo: lust, knowledge, hope, and anarchy."
   -- Gassee - Apple Logo

@_date: 1998-01-27 08:12:31
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Update on New Zealand crypto policy 
On 1/26/98 3:30 PM, Ernest Hua (Hua at teralogic-inc.com)  passed this
 [snip]
 I got to it with no problems on first try from East Coast USA.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and   write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn." -- Alvin

@_date: 1998-03-10 19:03:07
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: BATFC -- Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and  Cryptography 
On 3/10/98 7:22 AM, John Young (jya at pipeline.com)  passed this wisdom:
 John, would you really refer to Janet Reno as a 'charming weirdo'???? I can think of lost of names, epithets, and descriptions, but that surely would be far down my list.

@_date: 1998-03-10 21:04:01
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: BATFC -- Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and   Cryptography 
On 3/10/98 10:45 PM, John Young (jya at pipeline.com)  passed this wisdom:
ROFLAAMAIBGFOT37thFOAOBDTADW:  rollin on floor laffing almost as
much as if Bill Gates fell out the 37th floor of an office building due
to a defective window.

@_date: 1998-03-11 12:50:39
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: BATFC -- Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and   Cryptography 
On 3/11/98 2:39 PM, Toto (toto at sk.sympatico.ca)  passed this wisdom:
 I guess I now can consider myself a part of the list. I am have officially and publically been called an asshole by Toto ... the waitng has been killing me!

@_date: 1998-03-18 18:50:33
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: PRZ comments 
On 3/18/98 3:30 PM, Anonymous (this-will-bounce at zoom.nu)  passed this
 The signature fails ....
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys  "May God stand between you and harm, in all the empty places where you
 must walk." - Susan Ivonava, Babylon 5

@_date: 1998-03-21 08:42:08
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
On 3/21/98 2:42 AM, Anonymous (anon at anon.efga.org)  passed this wisdom:
 Exactly, to lump all mass emailers into one homogenous category is all
wrong. I subscribe to a list people running Mac Performa series PowerPCs (almost all PPC 603/e)/v). We recently had someone who had
apparently subscribed to the list and lurked and built up a mailing list
of posters to the list to whom he later sent a solicitation ... it was
quite appropriate and as targetted as you can get, active participants
in a highly specific group ... you shopuld have heard the weeping an
gnashing of teeth ... the bandwidth comsumed by compliants was a
thousand fold greater than the solicitation itself!
 SPAM is the boogeyman of the hour. Yes there are bad spammers out there
and a modest knowledge of your mail client will handle 95% of them
straight to File 13, but I really do want to receive many of the
solicitations I get, I actually do buy things ...
 Just my .02
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "The woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those   that sing the best."    -- Henry David Thoreau

@_date: 1998-03-28 15:30:29
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Deniable Cryptography [was winnowing, chaffing etc] 
On 3/28/98 5:53 PM, mgraffam at mhv.net (mgraffam at mhv.net)  passed this
 The whole point is that since such a system offers no way to verify
that Alice has indeed at any point given them 'everything' she has to
tell, they will keep beating Alice; Alice, recognizing this at the
outset has no reason to give them anything because she knows that since
she cannot prove she has given them everything they will beat her again
and again no matter what she does. The idea of successive keys unlocking
more and more important data means that she can chose to give them some
of her keys and then just grit out the beatings til they either develop
conscience (unlikely), lose patience, (more likely), or figure they have
gotten all there is to get.
While this method guarantees a beating, it really does offer the best
chance of getting away with the withholding of the most secure keys.
The only chink in the system would be independent knowledge from a
coworker or some such that there is more there.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is
    no path, and leave a trail"  - Ralph Waldo Emerson

@_date: 1998-10-01 17:03:31
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: EduFUD: Computers, software can harm emotional, social development 
Ever since I discovered my ADHD some two or three years after I started working with ADHD kids in the our school district a lot of things began to make sense.  But I came to realize and now make it a point to tell these kids that taken as a whole ADD/ADHD is a blessing more so than a curse. The ability to hyper-focus on a task at hand gives you the power to do in a few hours sometimes things it would take others a day or more to do. For the truly ADD kid (as opposed to the culturally induced variety) the hell he has gone through and the incredible low self-esteen they generally have, just hearing that is often enough to make a radical turn-around for them.
   ... amen!!!
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "The 2nd amendment guarantees all the rest."

@_date: 1998-10-26 09:02:51
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Regarding Mitnick: not. 
actually it sounds more like "Reefer Madness" nineties style.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys    "The first 75% of the project takes 90% of the time;
  the last 15% of the project takes the other 90% of the
  time. -- Barry Wainwright and numerous ofthe engineers

@_date: 1998-09-12 16:45:54
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: radio net 
On 9/8/98 2:29 PM, Ryan Lackey (ryan at systemics.ai)  passed this wisdom:
 you tar with too wide a brush ... one of the pioneers of ham packet radio is Phil Karn, who definitely isn't in to submissive roll overs! For that matter neither am I, though, sadly the greater number of hams do fit your description.
 so what are you interested in setting up????
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys    "One of the deep mysteries to me is our logo, the symbol of lust
   and knowledge, bitten into, all crossed with in the colors of the
   rainbow in the wrong order. You couldn't dream of a more    appropriate logo: lust, knowledge, hope, and anarchy."
   -- Gassee - Apple Logo

@_date: 1998-09-12 19:05:14
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: radio net (fwd) 
On 9/9/98 8:39 AM, Jim Choate (ravage at einstein.ssz.com)  passed this  The FCC prohibits the use of transmissions encoded specifically to obscure the content of the traffic (which is exactly what our reason for using encryption would be), in essence they prohibit using encrypted transmisions. However, by wording the ruling that way they leave the door open for things like the ham radio satellite command channel uplinks being encrypted for security reasons ... but to do so they must, upon request, be able to provide the Friendly Chocolate Company with their Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys   "For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism."

@_date: 1998-09-12 19:26:34
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: radio net 
On 9/10/98 10:28 PM, Robert Hettinga (rah at shipwright.com)  passed this  Bob, I am afraid you are showing your ignorance here. SSB is just one of the many modes of emission standardized in radio communications, its used by the amateur radio service (ham) , the citizens radio service (cb), the military, etc ...
 The real problem is that to build any sort of network would require some fixed positions, which, if it were intended to be 'clandestine' would be compromised sooner or later ... either that or several poor shnooks would have full time jobs driving vans around and around to keep the RDF snoops guessing ...
 In general there would be a better chance of pulling it off if you stayed away from the ham radio bands. 'self-policing' is not a character of another bands except the commercial broadcast bands.
 Spread spectrum would have more promise as many stations could be on the air at once on the same frequency thus making life quite confusing for the T-hunters. Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys     "I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too     much liberty than those attending too small a degree of it."       -- Thomas Jefferson

@_date: 1998-09-15 15:28:24
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: radio net 
On 9/6/98 6:20 PM, Steve Schear (schear at lvcm.com)  passed this wisdom:
 I would suppose the T-hunt aspects of a clandestine network would be obviated by piggybacking it into a commercial satellite transponder channels ... which brings to mind about how expensive one or two of those channeles might be. I remeber in the early days of ham packet radio we had several 'wormholes' where hams had obtained through their places of employemnt temporary use of unused satellite channels where we were given essentially RS232 access and we adapted the packet switches to an async backchannel in place of another synch RF path. They did make for some intersting network improvements. I guess it always comes down to how do you fund such things.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys  "Success always occurs in private, and failure in full view."    -- from somewhere on the Net

@_date: 1998-09-16 22:22:26
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Democracy... 
On 9/15/98 10:27 PM, Jaeger (Jaeger at hempseed.com)  passed this wisdom:
 [snip]
 The first amendment states only that there shall not be 'an establishment of religion' it says nada about 'separation of church and state.'  The intention was simple; that there would never be an 'official' state religion. It didn't say religion had no place. They were escaping a regime with an established state religion that used the goverment to stamp out religious deviationism. That was the sole reason for that clause in the 1st amendment.
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys     "...if you drink much from a bottle marked "poison."
  and it is almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or later"
             _Alice in Wonderland_: (Lewis Carroll)

@_date: 1998-09-19 22:52:03
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
On 9/19/98 11:24 PM, Anonymous (nobody at remailer.ch)  passed this wisdom:
They couldn't get Capone any other way but on Income Tax Evasion ... we all know how much more guilty of how many more heinous crimes he was ... but we took him the only way we could ... Clinton is no different ... it would be grand and so fitting if we could impeach himt for having committed aggravated assault upon the Bill of Rights, but if we have to get him because he can't keep his pecker zipped up then so be it ... as with case of Al Capone, this country will also be richer without William Jefferson (Thomas must be rolling in his grave!) Klinton!
Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "When hell freezes over, grab your ice skates."
      -- Mark Johnson

@_date: 1998-09-22 17:03:21
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
On 9/22/98 3:48 PM, Jim Choate (ravage at einstein.ssz.com)  passed this
I think the real answer here, and totally in keeping with the KISS
rule, has already been suggested. If you have sensitive data you keep
it on a PCMCIA hard drive card and remove it when not in use (or a
CD-R or a ZipDisk, though the PCMCIA hard drive does allow it to be a
'working' volume featuring speed and capacity that a Zip or a CD-R
cannot offer). It can work as easily for a desktop as for a laptop.
You can add to the security of this by using your platform of choice's
flavor of Secure Drive, Cryptdisk, PGPDisk, etc.
The ultimate stego is that the card is nowhere near the computer with
the main hard drive and they don't bother looking beyond when the
drive evaluation turns nothing up.
If its trafficking in illicit data the "mule' shouldn't even be
carrying a computer (or maybe only a Palm Pilot!) so the hounds have
even less reason to be looking for comp[uter stuff on him.
Brian B. Riley -->   For PGP Keys     "First say to your self what you would be; then do what you
    have to do."  Epictetus (35-135 A.D.)

@_date: 1998-09-22 17:03:24
@_author: Brian B. Riley 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... (fwd) 
On 9/22/98 1:43 PM, Jim Choate (ravage at einstein.ssz.com)  passed this  Don't most memory scans do a keyscan anyway? looking for an ESC to bypass the scan? So have it also check for something else to bring up your special routine. It should pass all but the most detailed signature Brian B. Riley -->  For PGP Keys   "Give a man a fish and you have fed him for a day, but give him a case
  of dynamite and soon the village will be showered with mud and
  seaweed and unidentifiable chunks of fish." -Joe Chew
