
@_date: 1998-04-03 02:07:42
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: regulating the internet 
Of course you can regulate the Internet, the Internet is *made*  of
regulation.  All it is is an agreement between people who run computers to
send and receive messages, and pass them on to other computers, according to
certain rules.  It is like the treaties between supposedly sovereign nation
states - you play by the rules if you want people to talk to you. The Internet is the best living example that you don't need governments to
have regulation (although the US government certainly helped a lot. Maybe
the Net or the Moon landings will go down in history as your pyramids or
Stonehenge, the one thing your civilisation will be remembered for). The
regulations will be made and broken and kept and changed by the people who
use the Net and no-one will ever know what they all are at any one time but
a lot of us will have a good idea of most of them, most of the time.
The Internet doesn't depend on telephone companies or governments or
undersea cables or satellites or university computing departments or cable
TV or copper wires or carrier pigeons (that reminds me - time for my annual
check up on the new RFCs :-) or  fibre optics or anything else, although it
uses all those things.  It is software, not hardware, it is a set of rules,
treaties,  agreements, protocols,  words, comments, jargon,   ideas,
thoughts. The Internet is  like money, or marriage, or table manners - while
people  act as if they believe in it,  then it will continue to exist.
Of course if what the question was  really about  the feasibility of
regulating what people use the Internet *for* - well, that's a different

@_date: 1998-04-07 00:38:57
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Regulating the Regulators / Re: regulating the internet (fwd) 
They're not socialist - just the welfare state. If that's all you mean by
"socialist" you end up including all sorts of odd people - like Bismarck's
Prussia, the arch-conservative empire which invented the welfare state.  In
fact you include practically all government. Even occupying armies usually
try to do famine relief, if only to get the refugees off the roads.   The
word becomes so broad it is emptied of meaning and is only used as an insult
- just like the way some peope on the left use "Nazi" or "fascist"
If "socialist" means anything it has to mean social control of the supply
side - as opposed to "capitialism" which is control by the suppliers of
capital. Like it says in a Good Old Clause: "to secure for the workers by
hand or by brain the full fruits of their industry ... upon the basis of
thwe common ownership of the means of production, distribution, and
exchange..."  It's possible to imagine a socialist economy in which there
was no welfare system - ownership of business distributed amongst everybody,
managers of each business appointed  democratically; everyone starts with an
equal share,  but no helping hand if you don't make out. Whether many people
who say they are socialists would want to live in such an economy is a
different question.

@_date: 1998-04-16 02:53:56
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: NT 
Yeah, lots of people know.  Mostly the ones who've read the NT manuals.

@_date: 1998-08-06 03:44:52
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: compression vs encryption 
Eh?   Encryption means keeping things secret. Compression is keeping
them small.  Not the same thing at all.  OK, they might use some of the
same tools - but you can use a screwdriver to clean your nails.
Be corrected. You are wrong. There are ways of compressing that don't
lose anything (like PKzip that you might have heard of...). There  are
ways of encrypting that don't compress. (in fact you might not want
totally efficient compression in encryption because that might give an
eavesdropper clues as to the real length of the plaintext which could be
useful to them)
I go to the backup, that's what. If I care enough about a file to
encrypt it I care enough about it to back it up. Your hacker is doing
what they call a "denial of service" attack. Encrypting your files
doesn't make any difference is someone deletes them. You need different
defences against different kinds of attack.
Or was all this some sort of troll...

@_date: 1998-08-11 06:43:45
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Internet growth/Passport correlation? 
You are right. I am wrong. I read it as "passports in circulation" which is obviously silly. The total number of passports
is going to be 5-10 times these numbers. Whoops.
We get 10 year passports as well. I just forgot.
And it looks like my 10-year  passport just expired.
Ken (who isn't speaking for his employers - but whose employers vaguely
expect him to have a valid passport, just in case... whoops again.)

@_date: 1998-08-12 02:51:53
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Internet is rickety 
Vladimir Z. Nuri[SMTP:vznuri at netcom.com] wrote
You implement security on the systems in which you
have an interest. If you run a large email server you secure
that. If you don't want people to read what's on your
own PC, you secure that. If we all look after what's in our own hands it will all work.
But remember the old rules of thumb of

@_date: 1998-08-12 03:37:13
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Internet is rickety 
[this is heavily snipped to save bandwidth]
I think you have missed the point.  It's not that they are
reading messages sent by foreign governments. They are reading - at least potentially - all the messages
sent by their own citizens.  Effectively all Internet messages
that pass through North America are monitored.
All international phone calls are monitored
and I would guess that internal  US ones are as well, although there is not puch published  on that.
Some US citizens (I am not one) seem to have a touching
faith in the idea that the CIA and NSA will not spy on US citizens because it isn't in the powers given to them.   If they are that scrupulous then they would just have
to get the data from their friends in GCHQ who have
no such constitutional limitation and are certainly
in a position to monitor most international phone calls
and Net traffic originating in the USA.
Like they said on the BBC a few weeks ago the "worst kept secret" in Whitehall is that NSA  and GCHQ together have been tapping *all* the electronic
communications passing through the UK and
have been sharing the data with each other since the war.
(with GCHQ being rumoured to give far more to NSA
than the other way round)  And if they behave like that in the UK why not in the US?
But they haven't managed to do that. And it isn't
really what they want to do. They want to limit the strong crypto available to *you* because they want to read *your* mail. (Why would they want to do that - see
this mailing list /passim/ for the last 5 years or so -
it's so full of ideas and rants on the subject that
some of them have to be right if only at  random :-)
Like I said my government - the UK - has a deal with your
government - the US - that allows your government
to tap my phone calls and read my email. And it works the
other way round as well. If you phone anyone outside the
US or send any other kind of electronic messages outside
the US or that pass through or near a GCHQ  station then my government will listen to you  with the connivance and encouragement  of your government.
Far from keeping your communications secret your
government is actually paying foreigners to tap them.
Look at a map of undersea cables some time - then compare it
with a map of British and Commonwealth military
bases - like Gibraltar, Malta, Diego Garcia, Ascencion Island,
Cyprus, St. Helena, the Falklands - your lot have a similar
setup in the Pacific, and the Ozzies and Kiwis look after the south-west Pacific and southern ocean.  Over half the Internet traffic in the  world passes through Falls Church, Virginia. Why are
there so many US diplomats and British military in Kenya?
And what *do* they do at Menwith Hill and Goonhilly Down?
Now I'm wasting bandwidth - becaus of course  everyone
who reads Cypherpunks knows all this stuff already.
And *you* *are* the Other Guy.
Wake up and smell the static.
I'll buy her off you for 1 dollars and 50 Belgian Francs
 - now you've made a profit :-)
Ken Brown (usual disclaimers apply)

@_date: 1998-08-19 02:34:18
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: your mail 
But even Cluelesser is the guy who just asked for help with a firewall
configuration on the NT system admin list and gave a 5 screensfull
description of how they have set up their firewall and servers, what proxies they have, what they block and allow through... down to and including saying that they *haven't* installed the MS recommended hotfixes for NT security.
Of course, it could always be bait.
As, I suppose, could the Italian Bank post, although
if I was dragnetting for stupid hackers I'd have hoped
I'd be able to come up with something more plausible.
Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-08-20 22:53:10
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: your mail 
It is a variant  spelling of the word "trawl"  - a large fishing net dragged behind a ship ("trawler") to catch
lots of fish (and prawns and shrimps and  dolphins and seals and turtles and penguins...)
So it is a message sent out in the hope of catching lots of replies, maybe to get email addresses for a mailing list
or just for the fun of starting a flame war. For example, if I posted my real opinion of the  US conservative attitude to guns, abortion,  race, socialism
or the Bell Curve here, I would be trawling.  Sorry, trolling.
Not to mention breaking my  employers rules about using email for flames or political comment.
So I won't.  From this id at any rate :-)
The word is used in other contexts - for example in the British Civil Service an internal  job ad circulated to many offices is called a "trawl".
Ken

@_date: 1998-08-20 22:54:49
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: your mail 
I assume a firewall is meant to keep your network safe from
damage, whether  accidental or caused by hackers. crackers,
criminals, spies or well-meaning friends and relations testing your security.
One of the really really basic rules about security is that
your operational arrangements should be  kept secret.
(NB that is *not* the same as saying that crypto algorithms should be secret or that security software source code should
be secret, although NSA & GCHQ will say that it is...)
If there are people who like to hack NT web servers
for fun or profit (I couldn't possibly comment) then posting details of your setup on an NT admin mailing list is an open invitation. The silliest thing to do is to say what fix level your OS is at, and that you haven't installed the hotfixes
because that saves potential hackers a lot of time.
Imagine you were worried about being burgled when you went on holiday (vacation in the USA :-)   You might ask
online if anyone recommended particular locks or
other security measures. But to say what locks you already
had on what doors might be dodgy. To say that you had a particular lock but you had lost the key and therefore never used it would be crazy. And to  say what days you were going to be away would be asking for it.

@_date: 1998-08-24 05:50:37
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Pipe 
kindly shared his pipe bomb filler mix with us
I can't help noticing the 1:1 ratio of crystallised glucose-alpha-2-fructose  to finely ground
 _Triticum_aestivum_  endosperm.
This may be evidence that North Americans do, indeed, have  a sweet tooth.

@_date: 1998-08-27 02:52:32
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
It works if you put the ".html" on the next line in the URL
New nifty way to foil the hackers - put line-breaks in your code!
They'll never suss it!
Actually  I didn't notice at first  either - I just sropped the last directory name of the URL and looked at the level above  - it's been a sort of reflex action of mine on the web for years.
Nice to see a navy site allowing us to browse their directories though
The "listwatch" is a very short summary of some of the less wibblish
threads in cypherpunks, risks et.c - it is about 6 weeks out of
date, nothing new there since it was last mentioned here. So I don't know why it was brought up again.
Ken

@_date: 1998-12-08 00:36:18
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? 
John Young talked about the way the TLAs are whipping up the War Against
Drugs and the threat od  terrorists,  WMDs and bogies (in English slang
"bogies" are little bits of partially dried snot that plug up your nose...
but  that's by-the-by) and concludes with:
[... If Bruce Hoffman is right ...]
Ambulance Driver: "Yeah, Doc, there was a nasty accident out on the
Dr. Bassett: "Bad one, eh?"
Ambulance Driver: "Yeah, a truck and a car collided. Ya know, it was kinda
funny... the truck was carrying a load of the strangest-looking seed pods."
Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-12-11 04:33:12
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Global Strike to protest Wassenaar 
showing of course that he either doesn't know the *real*  rules of
Mornington Crescent or else (more likely) doesn't want to reveal them!  Oh,
and this posting quite clearly wins this round - even with the new DLR
extensions and the Elverson Road footbridge:-)

@_date: 1998-12-12 03:14:58
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Mornington Crescent Explained (was RE: Global Strike to protest Wassenaar) 
Well, you *did* ask. Don't blame me. It is summed up well at:
or, more prosaically, at:
Straight from the horse's mouth:
A transcript of an actual game can be found at:
 - he also has many other links
at: The Encyclopaedia Morningtonia has more detail than anyone in their right
brain would want to know about the game  at:
Here are the rules of a slightly different game that Richard may have been
thinking of:
 and
Ken

@_date: 1998-12-17 19:08:45
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: I must admit. . . 
I'm sorry but this is nonsense. Ghandi may have been a great man and an
inspiration to us all but he *lost*. His first big political involvment was
trying to stop the British from allowing the Boers to take away political
rights from the "coloured" and Asian  population of Cape Colony. The Brits
caved into the white South Africans and we all know what happened next.
Then he tried to get them (well us I suppose, since I'm British) to "quit
India" in the 1920s & 30s - failed again, we got out 2 decades later, after
WW2,  when a British government was elected that was anti-colonialist. You
wouldn't have been able to persuade the 1945-1951 government to stay *in*
India. In fact they were so eager to get out they probably caused more
problems by the speed of the withdrawal.  Ghandi wanted a secular federation
of all India - but instead there was partition, the secession of an
inherently unviable Muslim state that was bound to end up with either civil
war or fundamentalism (and in the end got both, at least for some of the
time), and at least hundreds of thousands, and possibly many millions of
deaths that could have been avoided.  And then of course he himself was
killed.  And now India has the BJP.  Ghandi was perhaps *right* but he
certainly didn't "win the race".
Ken (and not his employers)

@_date: 1998-12-18 18:23:41
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Encryption chip 
Yes, somebody does know.
OK, sorry, that was facetious. In fact I know.

@_date: 1998-12-18 19:38:00
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: War as a public relations excercise (was re:Comrade Klinton at it again) 
It's what Allied journalists called Erwin Rommel, who was a German general,
if not exactly a Nazi. Sometimes said to be a military genius.   IIRC he
distinguished himself well as a Panzer commander under Guderian in the
attack on France;  commanded the Afrika Korps &  was beaten by the Allies
(doing his reputation little harm - they were strongly outnumbered and
probably lasted longer than they were expected to); and then was injured in
the D-day invasion, invalided out and accused of plotting to kill Hitler. He
was murdered  by the Nazis (in that he was told that if he commited suicide
his wife and children would not be sent to a concentration camp, which
counts as murder in my book).
Once upon a time a code name for a military "operation" was just that, a
code name. These days it is a brand label. Probably thought up by the same
guys that Coca-Cola or Ford would hire to name a new product.
For any British person over the age of about 30 "Desert Fox" will
immediately bring to mind Rommel, WW2 and the "Desert Rats",  the British
8th Army  (in fact mostly Indian + Australian with contingents from all over
the Empire) who fought against Rommel in North Africa. That reminds us of
the long-range Desert Group & for those who have been paying attention, the
SAS, (who get *heaps* of publicity here. There is a whole tacky genre of SAS
books and magazines) which in turn is supposed to make us feel good (all
that rhetoric about "punching above our weight" and the "best trained and
most skilled army in the world", "the Professionals").   And "Fox" brings to mind foxhunting of course.  The choice of name is meant
to imply to British audiences that "our boys" are out there hunting Saddam,
even though that has been officially denied by both UK and US government.
All the publicity refers to "him" and "his" weapons.  No-one ever says "we
are at war with Iraq", it is always "we are denying *him* the  use of *his*
weapons of mass destruction".  Maybe we will soon  start to see planted
media hints that there are, or have been,  SAS  on the ground in Iraq
looking for *him* - which will be instantly denied in such away as to allow
people to carry on  thinking that it is true if they want to. The US may
have a law against killing heads of state but we Brits don't (although
apparently we are still unsure as to whether we have a law against
extraditing them to Spain when accused of a mere 3,000 murders).  I strongly suspect the news management for this war was handled by the
Brits, possibly the same spin team that handled last years Labour general
election victory.    The first attack was about 4 minutes to 10 pm UK time.  I heard it as a
newsflash on the radio & then turned on the TV just in time for ITV's "News
at Ten" program.  One of their journalists was waiting outside that front
door of 10 Downing Street, obviously tipped off about an "important
announcement" and the PM came out sometime around 10 past 10 to make his
speech (half an hour *before* Clinton, which must have been agreed between
the governments) which ended just in time for the ad break.
I suppose Clinton's speech would have been about lunchtime on the West
Coast, late afternoon on the East Coast. A bit early from the POV of news
management. It gives the networks a few hours to work on it before
prime-time TV.  One of the first rules of this sort of thing you want  your
own words  to go over unedited if at all possible - the less time the
networks get the more likely you are just to be given a live mike. That way
you get to choose your own sound-bites.  Or borrow them from  Margaret
"There is No Alternative" Thatcher. Of course she needed the Falklands War
to get re-elected, and Clinton needs all the help he can get, but Blair is
still master of all he surveys (Well, except for a few of us unreconstructed
far-lefties, Peter Mandelson's private life,  and Welsh Labour Party) so
perhaps he can afford to be magnanimous in victory. Or perhaps he really
thinks that there is no alternative.
We could accuse them or timing the attack for  TV, although I suspect 0100
Baghdad time was in fact a sensible H-hour. You'd want it after dark,  and
later rather than earlier if you were interested in minimising civilian
casualties.   I suppose 0300 or 0400 might have been better - but that would
have missed UK evening TV and given the news media time to sort out their
story for the morning (some of the "serious"  papers here came out against
the attack. Tabloids seem to be all for it of course).  As it was everyone
got the  government announcement first. Ken Brown
This all my opinion and nothing to do with my employers. (And I am
certainly not even going to speculate about oil prices from this address).

@_date: 1998-12-23 22:17:55
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Question about 'TEMPEST' 
Rather hard to see how it could be, given that the details are supposed to
be secret!  If all of a sudden you got arrested for wrapping wet towels
around screens that would be a Big Clue....
(of course that assumes you live in a country where you get told what you;ve
been arrested for. Hmmmm....)

@_date: 1998-05-18 02:39:58
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Gunpowder taggant solution 
We call it Wildebeeste Powder in this neck of the woods.
If you mix Blue Wildebeeste and Black Wildebeeste you get a virtual
Serengeti. There's a good one in the Natural History Museum in
Kensington. Just next to the Horese Evolution quiz.

@_date: 1998-11-02 23:16:04
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: 4 Horseman not so bad.. 
London is full of spy cameras (mostly owned by banks and large
corporations, pointing out from their windows and doors) Nobody much
objects to the invasion of privacy.  Why? Because lots of them are
scared of the streets.  If they knew the actual chance of getting robbed
or beaten up  they probably wouldn't be so scared.

@_date: 1998-11-04 04:07:18
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: VANGUARD:  An Election About Nothing? (fwd) 
Yep  look at it as a market. People who don't or can't vote don't count;
jist as people who don't or can't pay don't count in a shop.  If you
vote  or at least if you give a credible threat of possibly voting  they
might notice. Otherwise you are invisible. We used to get "Natural Law" candidates  in UK as well. Not so many last
time round, maybe they finally spent George Harrison's money.   The best
track-record for an Absurdist Party in  this country is the Monster
Raving Looney Party, which used to be mostly Screaming Lord Sutch who
stood for parliament again and again but has recently taken on some sort
of continuing existence (see  and even
has a few town councillors in various places.
Sutch may well have almost invented an electoral version of the
cypherpunk  assasination prototcol - bookies were quoting odds of 15
million to one against him winning a seat once and he pointed out that
if he could find a way to pay voters off anonymously he could bet on
himself and bribe the electorate with his winnings...   I think the odds
fell after that.  Of course the possibility of easy  anonymous bribery
makes traditional electoral law much, much harder to enforce  (see, this
is relevant to Cypherpunks). There are some fun looking parties around.  The line up for the UK
General Election on the Glorious First of May was (in order of number of
seats gained):
Labour Party, Conservative Party,   Liberals, Ulster Unionist Party,
Scottish Nationalist Party, Plaid Cymru,  Social Democratic and Labour
Party,  Democratic Unionist,  Sinn Fein,  United Kingdom Unionist,
Madam Speaker Seeking Reelection and  Martin Bell standing as an
independent; all of whom won something. Alliance Party of Northern Ireland,  British National Party, Rainbow
Dream Ticket Party,  Green Party, Liberal Party, Mebyon Kernow,Monster Raving Loony Party,National
Democrats, Northern Ireland Women's Coalition, Natural Law Party ,
ProLife Alliance ,Popular Unionist Party,  Referendum Party  Socialist Labour Party, Socialist Party,  Scottish Social Alliance,  UK
Independence Party,  Workers Party, Workers Revolutionary Party; who didn't win anything but all seem to
have some sort of continuing existence as parties
And Anti Sleaze/Corruption,   AntiConservative, Sportsman's Alliance: Anyone
But Mellor, Lord Byro versus the Scallywag Tories,  AntiPoliticians,
Antimajority Democracy, Independent Democracy Means Consulting the
People, People in Slough Shunning Useless Politicians, Common Sense Sick
of Politicians Party, None of the Above, Drugs  Hemp/Cannabis Platforms,
New Millenium, New Way, Hemp Candidate, Hemp Coalition, Legalise
Cannabis Party, Ind AE  Independent Anti Europe, British Home Rule ,
British Isles People First,
Independent Conservative,   Independant Christian, Christian Party,
Christian Nationalist, Christian Democrat, Christian Unity,  Independent
Communist,  Communist Party of Britain, Communist League,  Independent
British Democratic Party, Social Democrat, English Democratic Party,
Rennaisence Democrat, Independent Democrat,  Freedom/Justice/Rights
Platform,   Justice Party, Freedom Party, Justice and Renewal
Independent Party, Pacifist for Peace, Justice, Cooperation,
Environment, Charter for Basic Rights, Fellowship Party for Peace and
Justice, Human Rights ', British Freedom and Individual Rights, Far
Left,   Radical Alternative, Building a Fair Society, Full Employment
Party, Socialist Party of Great Britain, Socialist Equality Party,
Independent Far Right, National Front, Third Way, Independent Green,
Scrapit Stop Avon Ring Road, Newbury Bypass Stop Construction Now,
Independent Liberal Democrat,  Top Choice Liberal Democrat, Independent
Labour,  and Local Independent; who all seem to have been invented for the
Make up your mind as to which, if any, are absurdist. I suspect none of
them bribed the voters much.
Roll on the transferable vote!
Ken Brown & the Disclaimers.

@_date: 1998-11-16 19:52:22
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: SIGH... NOT!! THC tainted oranges 
Closest ciommon relative of hemp is of course hop  (*Humulus lupulus*
IIRC) which is, as you all know, widely used to flavour beer. I believe
it already has  some THC content, or something very similar.
Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-11-18 04:36:39
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Question about anarchic systems and natural disasters (fwd) 
No-one's yet noticed that my Jim's house burning down is a problem for
his neighbours.  Not just for the fear and distress it causes them but
because the fire might spread to their houses.  Which is why we have
fire brigades. And why they are nearly always paid for out of tax.
Almost the last thing in the world anyone does privately.  Of course, that applies to cities, not to the country - but cities are
where it's at. Ken Brown.

@_date: 1998-11-19 01:43:32
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Rivest Patent 
Vin McLellan (or someone using his name), in an otherwise closely argued
posting,  subtly missed the point with:
The real point is surely  that a patent for a device invented by someone
with  a basic knowledge of physics is used to protect the *invention*
not the *knowledge*. They are not used to prevent anyone else inventing
another device using the same basic knowledge of physics. Even if it is perfectly just for the RSA (or any other) patent "taken as
a whole" to be used to protect  "not merely a disembodied mathematical
concept but rather a specific machine";  that *doesn''t* mean it is
neccessarily just to use the patent to protect that "disembodied
mathematical concept" when it is used in some other "specific machine".
But software patents *are* used to try to stop people employing the same
algorithms in other inventions. So, despite  the ingenuous  ruling of
the court they *are* being used to try to control "disembodied
mathematical concepts" - in other words ideas.
I have no idea if Watt had a patent on the steam governor. But I bet he
didn't try to take one out on Boyle's Law.
Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-11-27 19:19:41
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Evil Bandwidth Plot Exposed 
We're still getting clueless people forwarding us email virus hoaxes.
Pen-Pal, Buddy Frogs, Good Times, whatever.
And I just realised who has to be responsible!  Who has a motive for this
"crime"?  These things do no-one any real harm, they just take up
bandwidth.  Networks get saturated and maybe we have to buy more kit. It
must be the router manufacturers. Maybe there is a secret team at Cisco or
IBM generating new  hoaxes  to keep the email market growing.

@_date: 1998-10-02 05:30:13
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Nonsense. Most of those businesses became monopolies - or local monopolies -
in the relatively unregulated 1880-1914 period.  In some of them - like rail
or oil in the USA - governments introduced regulation to *force*
competition.  In UK over the last 30 years government  has  used a thing
called the "Monopolies and Mergers Commission" to investigate & (very
occasionally) break up monopolies or cartels. Government introduced
regulation to stop BT selling some products in order to allow competion to
grow. Recently government has forcibly broken up gas supply monopolies in
this country.  I don't believe there are that many natural monopolies  Where there *are*
natural monopolies it is because the entry cost is higher than any likely
profit. Obvious case is water. It would cost you a hell of a lot to
guarantee water supply to my street in London without using the existing
infrastructure. Probably hundreds of millions of pounds.  I pay less than a
hundred pounds a year for my water. Natural monopoly.
What happens much more often is that one company becomes dominant and then
uses money to undersell rivals. Or even buy them up. Maybe even pay more for
them  It seems to be a common personality characteristic of people who run
big companies that they want to run even bigger ones. The worst enemy of
small business is big business. Now, if you wanted to say that in most
countries big business and government had their hands in each others pockets
I'd agree with you. But sometimes governments realise that monopolies are
bad - or the voters tell them that monopolies are bad - and they introduce
regulation to enforce competition.
Some other problems  - in some businesses (like oil)  the capital investment
required is so large that although there is no natural monopoly the players
ahve to be big. It might even be that there are some business (long-distance
airlcraft?) where the natural number of players in the world market is 1  -
there just aren't enough customers to justify 2 companies making the
investment (which is maybe why European governments stepped in to create
Airbus). Garbage (what we call rubbish over here) collection  is different again.
It's not at all a nutural monopoly and there is nothing stopping anyone
offering to do it as a business. But it is a natural for social ownership,
not private ownership. The trouble with rubbish is that I want  my
*neighbour's* rubbish to be collected as well as my own. I can pay for mine,
but what if he can't pay for his? (Like what if he is an unemployable
alcoholic, with severe Tourette's syndrome who stands on street corners for
sometimes 24 hours at a stretch, singing old soul and gospel songs,  yelling
and screaming at anyone who comes close,  and drinking can after can of
cheap beer to calm himself down enough so he can get some sleep?). I don't
want his rubbish on my street. The easiest way to arrange that is for the
majority who want rubbish collection to band together to pay for it for
everybody. And the easiest way to arrange that is through tax and local
Same applies to education - I might be able to pay for my daughter to go to
school but we want everybody else's kids to go to school as well because my
life is better if they do. So we pay for it through tax.
If I don't watch out this will turn into a list of the 6 reasons why, even
though private business is nearly always more efficient,  *some* enterprises
need to be publically owned. Ken Brown (usual disclaimer - nothing to do with my employers)

@_date: 1998-10-05 12:54:44
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Monitoring traffic 
This week's New Scientist magazine (p. 6) has a short column about Xacct
t5hat looks as if the journalists swallowed a press release whole and
have puked it up almost undigested:
"Using the Internet could become more expensive if service providers
adopt new software that allows separate billing for emails, downloading
graphics and streaming audio or video".  It desceibes an unlikley
scenario in which ISPs charge more per minute for high-quality video and
less for low-quality or email. I'm not sure the journalist knows the
difference between an ISP and a content provider. Yet another business that would be made obsolete by widespread use of
strong encryption.  Unless of course they mean to head that off at the
pass by making ISPs charge more to transfer encrypted packets?
When you look at their website  you find
a description of what seems like a pretty normal system monitoring
application  (although I'm sure it is wonderfully written) surrounded by
what, when we were young and foolish, we used to call Marketdroid
"XACCTusage Family XACCTusage is a multi-source, multi-layer network usage metering and
mediation solution that gives
Network Service Providers (NSPs), including enterprise network
(Intranet) operators, the intelligence to
right-price IP services."
Enough to make your teeth curl.
The names of the people interviewed tickled my spoof detectors as well.
"Anil Uberoi" and "Charles Arsenault" sound distinctly dodgy on this
side of the Atlantic.
Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-10-06 06:45:12
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Jim can look after himself, but the aircraft industry is certainly
monopolistic.  There are only 2 serious players in the market for large
long-haul airliners, Airbus (explicitly founded and subsidised by
government)  and Boeing (probably now turning a real profit  but in the
past cross-subsidised from military spending). Whether or not either of
these firms would now exist without government subsidy is unknowable.
Whether or not the monopolistic situation would exist if there had been
no government subsidy is also unknowable.  I do have trouble with the idea of the garment industry being
monopolistic. About 2 miles from where I'm typeing this, in  Whitechapel
and Spitalfields in the East End of London, street after street is
packed with small sweatshops, "import export" businesses, tiny fashion
houses It looks as if the only monopolies you recognise are global ones where
one big company supplies most of the market for some good, worldwide.
At that level there are damn few monopolies - MS, Boeing, the Murdoch
empire. But a monopolistic situation develops when one supplier, or a
group of suppliers in cartel can control the market in some locality.
Like the breweries in Britain a few years back - there were (and are)
hundreds of breweries but the "big six" had carved up large areas of the
country between them. So if you went to a bar in one area you got
Watney's beer, in another, Bass.   The real problem with monopoly or cartel is not high prices - many
monopolies choose to charge low prices - it is lack of freedom.  A
monopolisitic supplier of some good has a measure of political power.
They can make people behave in ways they might not otherwise behave. A
monopolisitic employer of labour has *huge* political power.

@_date: 1998-10-06 19:23:58
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
No - I was there (here) at the time.  It was early adopters of "client
server" technology who went for OS/2, mainly banks and City finance places.
Of course the currency traders & red braces types (remember "greed is
good"?) used Unix workstations or rather got their minions to use them for
them, but the backoffice applications often went to OS/2.  At the time
Windows 3.0 was just coming out and it wasn't a serious option. (I used to
wander around our office with a folder full of floppies each with a
different tcpip stack  for Windows - they all had *bad* problems). The
Netware people will still mostly on Netware 2 which was a great fileserver
but no kind of application server at all.  The alternative to OS/2 was Unix,
which is where most of these guys went next (& should have gone in the first
place) or sticking with Netware+DOS,  or going to AS400 (which was, and is,
a brilliant platform for exactly these sorts of backoffice, administrative
applications that are usually  programmed badly because no programmer who is
any good can stay awake whilst reading the spec). Of course now everyone
uses SAP.  Or Baan.  If there are reasons that the small minority of big  OS/2 adopters in Europe
was slightly less small than the even smaller one in the US they are
- Unix was always better known in the US than Europe
- Lotus Notes took off faster in Europe & it was 100% OS/2 at first (nearest
OS/2 ever got to a "killer app")
- European companies spend less per seat on personal computing than US, and
they were reluctant to lash out on Sun workstations
- home computing in the US was almost totally Microsoft by the time OS/2
came out but not so much in Europe. The consumer market won out over the
business market. - European banks and finance places were ahead of US in software development
back then. That's partly because they had been slower to get started
(especially in France & Germany) & so had less mainframe legacy & partly
because the "big bang" deregulation of the UK  stock market (world's 3rd
biggest) and foreign exchange market (world's biggest by a long way - every
dollar in your bank account is on average bought and sold in London more
than once a week) shook up the banks. So they went for "client server"
earlier and at a time when there was no credible MS platform. I used to  drive OS/2 for a living (for Lotus Notes mainly). It had a far,
far better user interface than Windows or  most versions of X. But it was
late, slow and never really delivered the reliability or ease of
installation it should have. The Extended Editor was the best programmer's
editor I have ever seen and Rexx is what Basic should have been - a million
Windows programmers suffer every day because of Bill Gates's unreasoning
prejudice against Rexx and his pathetic admiration for Basic - but
installation and maintenance were a nightmare, and the thing ran like a dog
with a broken leg.  When we got the chance to replace it with NT we went for
NT.  But OS/2 versus Windows 3 was a different matter.
Relevance to Cypherpunks? Sort of, in that it shows that a consumer product
(Windows) can beat a business-directed product (OS/2) in the software
market, even if it is inferior. If we want to see ubiquitous strong
cryptography the target market isn't the banks but 14-year-olds in their
bedrooms. Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-10-13 18:14:25
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: FBI to inaugurate national DNA database 
I think you are falling for the old bazaar bargaining trick.  The guy
wants to sell you a carpet that is worth a shekel. He reckons he can do
you for ten shekels. So he starts the bidding at a hundred  and you
think you've done well when you've beaten him down to fifteen.  America
is - cypherpunks tell me - a country where people worry about their
social security number being kept on databases,  where caller id on
phones  can be a hot political issue.  This DNA business is far more
intrusive and dangerous than any of that. Don't fall for it!
Don't fall for the argument that it is only the bad guys who get tagged.
They can define anyone they want as a bad guy. How many people do you
know who have never done anything for which they could be convicted as a
criminal? Never driven a car faster then the speed limit, never smoked
dope, never ridden a bicycle on the pavement, never been drunk in a
public place? To a large extent the set of  "convicted criminals" is
governed by police or court decisions rather than by the actions of the
Over here in Britain we've had a long succession of intrusive, abusive
laws promulgated in the name of public safety, law and order, peace on
the streets.  The previous government had their absurd "dangerous dogs
act" which became a laughing stock before the ink was dry then their
horrendous and evil  "Criminal Justice Bill"  with racist provisions
allowing the police to persecute travellers and uttely useless laws
against "music with repetitive beats" not to mention new rules to
control "young offenders, bailed  persons, squatters, travellers,
ravers,  protesters, trespassers, arrested persons,  defendants,
hunt-saboteurs, pornographers, video pirates, obscene telephone-callers,
prisoners, racists, terrorists, ticket touts, cannabis-smokers, serious
fraudsters and not  forgetting gay men under 18."
The current lot aren't as bad, and are certainly more well-intentioned
but they haven't repealed any of the earlier stuff and are, bit by bit,
filling in the few gaps in the wall of regulation and legislation the
Tories built around anyone who wasn't a middle-aged white  man who
worked 9 to 5, living in a suburb with a car and a mortgage,  who  never
went out.
Our current Home Secretary (cabinet minister with responsibility for
police anong other things)  was probably the first person in such a
position in any major country who was brought up by a single mother on a
violent estate (what you'd call a housing project in America) and he
thinks he knows - no he *does* know - what most ordinary people in
environments like that want from life. So he proposes law after law to
make things better, to tell people how they ought to live, all with the
best of intentions. Curfews for children (you ask questions and he will
just come back at you and say "do you *really* think 9-year-old children
should be wandering around on their own at night, or in gangs?" to which
the honest answer is "no, but it's none of your business if they do").
Compulsory parenting education  for parents whose children commit
crimes. A national register of paedophiles - which is made public,  so a
couple of convicted child abusers, on being released from jail asked to
be taken back in again because their life wasn't safe outside.  Defining
email that goes outside the country as "export" so that writing about
bombs (or cryptography?) can come under the strategic arms export
regulations. And so on.
And all the while local councils put up cameras in every high street... And all the

@_date: 1998-10-13 21:56:11
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Soccer Moms? 
In the middle of an interesting article about digital cash, forwarded
here by Bob Hettinga, there was the line:
"Divided by a common language" as I am  I genuinly don't know what that
means. And I can't even guess from context. I'd have expected a dig at
liberals or feminists or welfare recipients at that point; and I can't
work out what soccer has to do with it.
Do mothers play soccer much in the USA?
Football (as the 95% of the world's population that aren't either
English-speaking North Americans or else Rugby fans call the Beautiful
Game) is associated in my mind with young men, specifically working
class men. It's connotations are entirely macho, even violent.  When a
big match is on men gather in pubs and bars and shout at TVs whilst
knocking back the lager. You avoid the centre of town if you don't want
to risk getting involved in a fight.  People get *killed* at football
matches.  That's pretty much true in every big city inthe world outside
North America (and Japan where the fans are polite). This honestly isn't a troll - I am in fact bewildered by the phrase.  Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-10-14 20:41:46
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: DNA 
Neither am I but I'm going to classes... AFAIK police & courts don't  use actual sequencing but DNA "typing" or
"fingerprinting" - they extract certain well-known genes, a tiny subset
of all that are there, and compare them with reference samples. You
don't have to actually  "read" a gene to be able to match it with
another one.  The genes they used aren't ones that are expressed either.
They are if you like the "comments in the code".  Or more likely
graffitti because they don't seem to mean much.
You can't "prove" that a sample did come from a named individual, but
you can prove that it *didn't*. Which is why DNA testing has been
popular with defence lawyers in this country (UK) because it has been
used by the defence to get people released in a number of famous trials.
(There was one poor bloke who got let out of prison after over 20 years
when DNA typing showed he couldn't have committed the crime for which he
had been convivted. He hadn't been released on parole because to get
parole you have to show some contrition and he always claimed he was
You can give a likelihood that a sample came from the same person as
another sample though. Or their twin, or parents et.c et.c. It's also
been used to get past our notoriously racist immigration officials. They
tend to assume that anyone coming into this country as the spouse or
parent of a citizen is lying (especially for Asians - they assume that
all marriage are arranged or "marriages of convenience" - for some
reason white Americans and especially Australians don't have nearly so
much trouble.). DNA typing has been used by immigrants to show that they
are (probably) the parent.
has some bumf about DNA evidence in US courts (you are much more
suspicios of it than we are)
 has instructions for
do-it-yourself DNA typing! Unfortunatly  it requires equipment you are unlikely to have at home (&
do US universities  *really* issue such detailed instructions for lab
work? "Raise your hand. Move it over the pencil. Move it down until the
fingers are in contact with the pencil.  Close your fingers round the
pencil. Why is it important not to exert too much force with the
fingers? Pick up the pencil. Remember the point is sharp and may have
been exposed to potentially carcinogenic solvents. Do not stab any part
of yourself or any other student. Do not place the point near your eyes,
mouth or genitalia. Do not use the pencil in the presence of any minor
under the age of 18, or any vertebrate experimental animals, pets or
livestock. Do not hand the pencil to anyone not covered by the college's
insurance scheme or who has not signed the standard disclaimer form..."
OK, I exagerrate. But not much.)
Within 20 years techniques that are now restricted to university labs
and pharmeceutical companies will be available to the hobbyist. Maybe
bio-hacking will be as influential in our kids lives as computer-hacking
has been in ours.
Again, current methods don't identify genes just show how much they
resemble those of another sample. And they mostly use DNA that is not
transcribed anyway. So they tell you nothing about what a person looked
like.  Of course the stuff coming out of the genome project (which is
having the same effect on molecular biology that the cold war had on
rocket science, or the discovery of America on navigation, or the
railways had on steam technology) will probably change all that Real
Soon Now.  There are at least 3 or 4 new methiods that are being
introduced this year.
PCR can multiply the size of a sample many thousandfold in a day.
Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-10-14 21:09:44
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Two Jims, Werner and Matt redefine socialism for their own en ds 
Every libertarian or cypherpunk ought to have read "The Servile State"
by Hilaire Belloc.   It is long polemic against socialism (or what
Belloc thought was Socialism),   the welfare state & so on.  Your ranter
obviously hads read the book, and in that context what is being
distributed is *land*, as private property to be lived on, farmed and
passed on to children. I think Belloc would agree with you 100%. See  for
links to pages on Distributivism.  Distributivism  is usually regarded as a right-wing, conservative
political philosophy.  Chesterton and Belloc didn't invent it but they
popularised it. It derived partly from a distaste for the State,
industry, trade unions and the modern  world in general; partly from an
admiration of traditional rural life; partly from the English Christian
Socialism of the 19th century & partly from the Biblical idea of the
Jubilee, when debts were cancelled  and the land redivided amongst the
families of the tribe.   It is based on the idea that only free men who
own their own land and house really have a stake in society or a chance
at a good life. So in an ideal world ownership of property would be
distributed as widely as possible (hence the name). Distributivists,  always a  small an uninfluential group, are divided as
to how this desirable state of affairs can be brought about. Some want to achieve it gradually, through education and legislation and
an increasing influence of the Roman Catholic church. These ones,
following in the footsteps of Belloc (an ultra-nationalist, an
anti-semite & in his old age a grumpy bigot), drifted farther and
farther  to the right, often becoming little different from Fascists.
Recently they have become associated with the "Third Way"  (i.e neither
Socialism not Capitalism) a confused mish-mash of political positions
that probably started as a self-justification by some milder Fascists
but is now associated with Tony Blair and the British "New Labour"
Some other Distributivists thought that the people should rise up and
occupy the land, taking it from its current owners, whether the rich or
the state. This philosophy is pretty indistinguishable from the English
far-left Socialism of people like William Morris, drawing inspiration
from agrarian revolts throughout history from the Peasant's Revolt to
Gerard Winstanley and the Diggers. It isn't very different - apart from
its explicitly Christian roots -  from the Syndicalism of Joe Hill and
the wobblies, or the position of some modern-day Left Anarchists such as
the ones associated with the Solidarity Federation. They often say the
same things, using different jargon. (The Distributivists looked
backward to the middle ages & mainly talked about land, agriculture and
small crafts. When they paid any attention to industry, other than to
say they didn't like it, they made vague handwavings about "guilds",
i.e. local  trade-based co-operatives, owning factories. The
Syndicalists looked forward to the 20th century, and were mainly
interested in industry. When they bothered to talk about agriculture
they wanted land farmed in small plots each by an owner occupier - "3
acres and a cow" again - except that in America where everything has to
be bigger they made it "30 acres and a cow") To be honest it isn't that
different from the position of a lot of Old Labour lefties like me -
except we aren't revolutionaries either which leaves us in a bit of a
Chesterton was never a Socialist and probably never a revolutionary  but
he was often a Liberal (in the English sense) and was at least on
speaking terms with Socialists and Anarchists (of whose politics he
disapproved greatly)
If you haven't read "The Servile State" you should.
In fact if you haven't read Belloc you should. Not a great writer, not
always even a good one, but very, very interesting. Of course I'm
biased. In the early years of this century Belloc and Chesterton  (&
many other writers such as Henry James,  Rudyard Kipling,  S. Fowler
Wright (you really have to be weird to remember him), E.C. Benson and
A.A. Milne (the Hundred Acre Wood is just 20 miles from where I was
born))  were almost fanatical admirers of my own home county of Sussex
in England :-)  And they  wrote some really OTT poetry to show how good
it all was.
Ken Brown (about as off-topic as you can get on a Tuesday).
The South Country
    When I am living in the Midlands       That are sodden and unkind,     I light my lamp in the evening:       My work is left behind;     And the great hills of the South Country       Come back into my mind.     The great hills of the South Country       They stand along the sea;     And it's there walking in the high woods       That I could wish to be,     And the men that were boys when I was a boy       Walking along with me.     The men that live in North England       I saw them for a day:     Their hearts are set upon the waste fells,       Their skies are fast and grey;     From their castle-walls a man may see       The mountains far away.     The men that live in West England       They see the Severn strong,     A-rolling on rough water brown       Light aspen leaves along.     They have the secret of the Rocks,       And the oldest kind of song.     But the men that live in the South Country       Are the kindest and most wise,     They get their laughter from the loud surf,       And the faith in their happy eyes     Comes surely from our Sister the Spring       When over the sea she flies;     The violets suddenly bloom at her feet,       She blesses us with surprise.     I never get between the pines       But I smell the Sussex air;     Nor I never come on a belt of sand       But my home is there.     And along the sky the line of the Downs       So noble and so bare.     A lost thing could I never find,       Nor a broken thing mend:     And I fear I shall be all alone       When I get towards the end.     Who will there be to comfort me       Or who will be my friend?     I will gather and carefully make my friends       Of the men of the Sussex Weald;     They watch the stars from silent folds,       They stiffly plough the field.     By them and the God of the South Country       My poor soul shall be healed.     If I ever become a rich man,       Or if ever I grow to be old,     I will build a house with deep thatch       To shelter me from the cold,     And there shall the Sussex songs be sung       And the story of Sussex told.     I will hold my house in the high wood       Within a walk of the sea,     And the men that were boys when I was a boy       Shall sit and drink with me. Matilda told such Dreadful Lies,
It made one Gasp and Stretch one's Eyes;
Her Aunt, who, from her Earliest Youth,
Had kept a Strict Regard for Truth,
Attempted to Believe Matilda:
The effort very nearly killed her,
And would have done so, had not She
Discovered this Infirmity.
For once , towards the Close of Day,
Matilda, growing tired of play
And finding she was left alone,
Went tiptoe to the Telephone,
And summoned the Immediate Aid
Of London's Noble Fire-Brigade.
Within an hour the Gallant Band
Were pouring in on every hand,
With Courage high and Hearts a-glow
They galloped, roaring through the Town,
`Matilda's House is Burning Down!'
Inspired by British Cheers and Loud
Proceeding from the Frenzied Crowd,
They ran their ladders through a score
Of windows on the Ball Room Floor;
And took Peculiar Pains to Souse
The Pictures up and down the House,
Until Matilda's Aunt succeeded
In showing them they were not needed;
And even then she had to pay
To get the Men to go away!
It happened that a few Weeks later
Her Aunt was off to the Theatre
To see that Interesting Play
The Second Mrs Tanqueray.
She had refused to take her Niece
To hear this Entertaining Piece:
A Deprivation Just and Wise
To Punish her for Telling Lies.
That Night a Fire did break out -
You should have heard Matilda Shout!
You should have heard her Scream and Bawl,
And throw the window up and call
To People passing in the Street -
(The rapidly increasing Heat
Encouraging her to obtain
Their confidence) - but all in vain!
For every time She shouted `Fire!'
They only answered `Little Liar'!
And therefore when her Aunt returned,
Matilda, and the House, were Burned.

@_date: 1998-10-15 18:51:02
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: DNA (fwd) 
That's right. "Monozygotic". I'd forgotten the word.
Yep - if you mean Dolly-style clones derived from nuclear transplants
into eggs. there was an interesting article in this week's "New
Scientist" magazine
( about the changing
popular meaning of the word "clone". It was originally used for a group
of plants produced vegetatively, like by cuttings or runners. Then it
was extended to other organisms that can reproduce by division, like
so-called protozoa  Then to DNA replicated from one ancestor. And now to
artificially cloned things like Dolly. If you got a Dolly-style clone made from you he or she wouldn't be your
child, but your sibling and wouldn't be identical to you for all the
reasons Matt pointed out. And of course because of different
education/experience/upbringing et.c  nto to mention the knowledge that
they had been got in such a different way, which must do *something* to
the psyche.  (Anyone read "Cyteen" by CJ Cherryh?)
Identical twins of course are a clone in the original sense, just as
much as a variety of apples or a colony of bacteria are a clone.  Really
genetically identical, right down to the maternal contribution, because
they drive from division at an early embryo stage (Sea-urchins can do it
as well but insects can't...)  If it were possible to re-potentiate
adult cells and transform them into embryos (it works in plants - but
then it has to because they can't move cells from one organ to another
so any shoot tip has to be able to produce any kind of plant tissue)
then we could make "real" twin-like clones of humans.  If the search for
the mysterious foetal stem cells pays off that might be possible (though
why anyone would want to clone a human foetus is beyond me. Assume all
the crude jokes about it being more fun to make another one using the
traditional method).
Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-10-21 22:03:49
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV 
According to SSI at    the
program uses the position of facial features to recognise you.  So presumably can be confused by obscuring the exact postion of features
- such as a dense  moustache that covers the mouth, or the presence or
absence of  a hairstyle that seems to change the shape of the head.  I
shave my head - if I grew back some "big hair", or wore a wig, would the
sytem be able to tell where the top of my skull was?  Maybe a full beard
would change the apparent width of the whole head. Maybe dark glasses
would obscure the exact position of the eyes.
As we all know criminals are too stupid to use strong cryptography
without an export license, there is no way any of them would think of
novel high-tech solutions such as wearing a hat or a scarf.
Just to add some irony, the main  line used to sell this to the British
public is control of football (soccer) "hooligans". Like  child
pornography or the "war on drugs", football  fans are easy target for
repressive measures. No respectable citizen wants to be associated with
the "trouble makers". And of course, football fans are notorious for not
wearing scarves or hats, aren't they :-)
Ken Brown (& not his bosses)

@_date: 1998-10-22 18:25:50
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
The best bit of news of the last few days is Pinochet's arrest. It
lifted my heart. Almost made up for the all the bad stuff the UK government has been coming out with. (Also it brought Thatcher out of the woodwork. Like a large segment of
the British Tory party she really is/was an authoritarian, paying lip-service to the Free Market for political reasons. You can
tell them by the company they keep.)

@_date: 1998-10-29 20:23:20
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
Castro I assume the moment he steps foot in the USA other than on a
diplomatic mission. I've no idea about   Gorbachev, I assume as a KGB
official he was party to the same sort of behaviour as Pinochet was, but
when he got to the top at least he didn't make things worse. Anyway,
what about Oliver North?  And since when did our inability to catch all
criminals stop us prosecuting the ones  we can catch?
It looks like Pinochet will probably get released in England because of
the vile, immoral, doctrine of "sovereign immunity", i.e. that people in
office don't get prosecuted for crimes committed as part of the job. But
it was still fun to see him caught. The real reason Pinochet ought to have the wind put up him is exactly
*because* what he did seemed to have worked and was taken to be worth
doing by some people who should know better.  Everybody knows that the
CPSU or the Nazis or Bokassa or Idi Amin or the Ba'athists are or were
tyrants who ruined their countries and  lot more besides.  The very fact
that some people who once had political credibility,  like Thatcher or
Bush, support Pinochet is exactly the reason why he should be tried. We
need to draw a line between tolerable and intolerable government and put
his lot on the other side of it.
You have to know what the threats to liberty are. Old Soviet-style
"Communism" is hardly on the menu in any European  or North American
country these days and out-and-out looney Naziism isn't either (but that
doesn't mean we shouldn't keep our eyes open)  Our direct problems are
interfering governments, bad measures taken for good ends, corporate
power over private individuals, business power over workers and
customers,  and "law and order" (or the "War against
Drugs/Paedophiles/Communists/Dangerous Dogs/Liberals/Scroungers" or
whatever). Thin end of the wedge, slippery slope, foot in the door and
all that.  And even if Pinochet's ends my have been good his means were
as bad as they come.
His sort of ultra-nationalist, militarist authoritarian government that
pays lip service to libertarianism whilst using brutal methods to
enforce conformity, obedience and uniformity is still a threat today. It
bubbles under the surface in the blue-rinse wing of the British Tory
Party, and is quite explicity the line of the French Front National (the
British National Front are genuine Nazis, and pretty marginalised, but
the FN get real votes in France)   And when they get the upper hand then
the cattle-prod wielders and the toe-nail-pullers and the death squads
come out of the woodwork.   Margaret Thatcher wasn't any kind of
fascist,  but the differences are quantitative, not qualitative.  She
wasn't so far from Pinochet, Pinochet wasn't so far from Franco and
Franco wasn't so far from hell.
Ken Brown (whose bosses not only have nothing to do with this note &
wouldn't approve of it if they did, but probably voted for some of the
people the first draft ranted against)

@_date: 1998-10-29 20:42:00
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: airline id 
Various anonymes and Joel O'Connor discussed sabotaging trains -
presumably in order to force Actually you just put something on the  line. It happens all the time.
If a fast train hits it there can be big problems.  Even a small obstacle (like a plastic rubbish bag with rubbish in it)
will cause a train to stop if it is seen. (Trains can't swerve). That
just causes inconvenience, unless of course you put something conductive
down that shorts out the power - that has a (small) chance of causing a
serious accident and a (big) chance of disrupting all rail traffic for
miles around for hours. A sort of occasionally fatal denial of service
attack.  It appeals to 14 year olds. You too can make 75,000 people late
for work, cause 30,000 pounds worth of damage and possibly kill a train
driver. In fact it is so easy to do (all you need to find is a bridge over the
line & a time when no-one is looking, and heave over  a stolen
supermarket trolley or an old fridge door from a dump, or any other bit
of metal rubbish) it is almost surprising that it doesn't happen more
often. IIRC, the IRA never tried to disrupt train traffic into or out of
London by putting things on the lines, always by bomb scares in
stations. There was one real bomb on a train,  went off just after it
arrived at Victoria, killed a couple of people. It was a train I
regularly used, although I usually travelled later in the day. It got
much harder to put bombs on trains, or in stations, after that. The main
fixes were removing the litter bins from around stations  (it took the
IRA to teach the messy English to clean up after themselves) and getting
people to report unclaimed packages and then evacuating trains when they
were found. If you leave yout bag on the train  they stop the train.
This makes people angry. So there is social pressure to not leave
packages lying around on, or near,  trains.  So if you want to plant a
bomb on a crowded train and not get blown up yourself you have a
problem. On trains, unlike planes, you keep your luggage with you.
Also people *like* trains. They are cute. Even in America you have
hordes of trainspotters and steam enthusiasts and model-builders and all
the rest. It always amazes me that bookshops have more shelves of
hobbyist books about trains than about cars, but only about 15% of the
population regularly travel by train and about 60% by car. (In England -
I guess in the USA that's more like 5% and 85% - and before you say that
that last figure is too low remember there are an awful lot more
disabled, vey old, very sick or imprisoned people than most of us notice
- I guess that car users in the USA include just about everyone capable
of using a car, with the possible exception of the inhabitants of some
parts of very big cities)
Back to the point - the reason you need id to travel on a plane is
because people are scared of planes. Especially they are scared of them
falling out of the sky, depressurising or catching fire.  When something
goes wrong with a plane everybody can die very quickly.  When an
accident happens to a train it usually just comes to a halt. They don't
have heaps of fuel on them (except if you are on an line that is still
back in the diesel age - and even then the fuel is usually all in one
location, separated from the passengers) You mostly don't die whan a
train crashes, or even blows up.
Repressive laws get popular support from people who are scared. People
are scared of plane crashes so they put up with  -no, they mostly
applaud or even demand -  treatment  they wouldn't stand for anywhere
else. People aren't scared of trains.  Nobody's scared of cryptography - well, nobody wh hasn't received the
NSA corporate injection - but some peope are scared of
drugs/paedophiles/terrorists etc, so thats the way in for the jackboots.
To oppose it we need to reduce fear. Ken Brown
(who prefers bicycles to trains but had to use the train to get to work
today because  of a broken spoke he is incapable of fixing. He only does

@_date: 1998-09-10 04:12:27
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: PEDIATRIC ADVISE -  FREE WEBSITE 
Who's to say they can't?  Mothers can read mailing lists too you know
Ken

@_date: 1998-09-10 13:29:55
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Renewable Energy Stuff (was citizenship silliness) (fwd) 
discuss it
It's because we're using these broken-as-designed mailers that put your name into the reply as well as the the list :-(
[...snip Jim Burnes on hemp yields (because you all already read it...]
equivalent to 3
don't burn
I'm begining to lose track of this thread. Are we talking about:
1) reducing  fossil fuel use for conservation? (not something
Cypherpunks mention a lot :-)
2) ways of cutting the imported fuel requirement of "western"
countries in order to save money and/or  teach the Arabs a lesson?
(cf the sideline about Israel)
3) how to live with as little interaction as possible with the the existing state or corporate economy?
4) what we do for fuel if the balloon goes up, the lights go out,
the crash comes & we are in an "Earth Abides" scenario? i.e everyone has died, or gone away, or stopped working for money and we ahve to survive as best we can?
If (1) or (2) then reducing fuel consumption is a damn
sight more cost-effective than substituting anything else for motor gas. You know, insulation, designing buildings
for the climate, high fuel taxes, subsidised public
transport... all the things us lefty Europeans like bit that
don't go down well in Houston, Texas. I take Jim's point
about solar-powered houses being a money pit - although
there does seem to be some medium-term benefit in glass cladding  for passive solar heating (known to our
 ancestors as "conservatories" :-)
And if (2) is what you mean then you probably ought to carry on paying the dollars to those Arabs so they carry on
spending them on American products - like McDonalds and Disney and MS Windows. Cultural imperialism works
wonders. For every Muslim for whom America is the great Satan there is another for whom it is the home of
Elvis. Or the Simpsons. Or Charley Pride. Or even Jim Reeves. You wouldn't believe how much Jim Reeves you hear in Africa.
For (3) again the easy way is to arrange your lifestyle
to consume less.  I expect if you are distilling fuel-grade
alcohol in your yard the local equivalent of customs and
excise will want a word with you.
If you are going to burn plant material for fuel
don't bother with oil.  Either distill the alcohol (if you are in a warmish climate like southern California you can
probably get the best yields from cane - but it sucks up water like a herd of  hungry camels) or burn wood.
In a temperate climate you probably get the best yields from coppiced trees - use whatever  grows in your local area
and coppices well. Willow grown in wetlands does well.
The yield of burnable biomass is far better than most herbaceous crops. Use hazel, birch even oak. Leaves make animal feed, stouter poles are for timber,
thinner ones for burning - if you need higher temperature
make charcoal out of it.    Lots of use for the bark as well. Just like our ancestors used to do before all this industry. Of course you won't be able to run a car on it...
for that you need the alcohol.
If we did get thrown back to a mediaeval economy those of us who survived probably would be growing hemp
(you heard it here first) but not as a fuel crop.
Hemp has great yields but it isn't much cop as fuel
It was one of  the major crops in England a thousand years ago -  in some pollen studies it was the major crop. That's not for recreational or medicinal use (you don't
need acres of it for that)  but as animal feed and for fibre, with fuel as a useful byproduct. Probably not as an an oil crop & if it was it would probably be cooking oil.
Clearly more than getting oil from out of the ground.
That's why my employers are still in business.
There were some Welsh hill farmers on the radio the other day
asking more  more subsidy from the government.
Apparently their average income is now only about 10,000 UKP a year
(maybe 16,000 USD). They were complaining that their fathers
and grandfathers used to be able to get a living from the land, but they can't, and they were blaming the "global market"
and urban-dominated governments who didn't understand
Of course the truth is that they can live the way their grandfathers
lived if they want to. But in the last 100 years *everyone* *else* has
got richer and the way of life of a small farmer in the Welsh hills
now looks like poverty.
And there is nothing (other than the law) to stop someone with 30 acres and a cow from growing their hemp and their willow
withies (in Wales)  or their cotton and their cane (in California)
and riding their own  horse and making their own clothes and having almost nothing to do with the rest of the modern economy.
But they won't be able to have a car, or a computer and if they get any modern medicine it will be on welfare.
We probably ought to know *how* to live like that, just in case things
really fall apart.  (I remember once having to show someone how to squat over a hole-in-the-ground latrine because he had only ever
used bogs with seats) . But don't look forward to it.
Ken Brown (usual disclaimers still in force)

@_date: 1998-09-15 09:43:40
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Predictions: Crime and Criminal Justice in the 21st Century 
about life in the USA  for the next 10 or 15 years.
They are, of course, nothing but descriptions of what's been going
on for the last  30-40 years. This isn't prediction, it's extrapolation!
As so often the people will always win when playing
"cheat the prophet". Whatever really  happens next year the chances are it won't be  exactly the same as what happened last year.
Ken

@_date: 1998-09-16 06:10:21
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Predictions: Crime and Criminal Justice in the 21st Century 
from some  It's pretty standard I think - as most crime is committed by young men aged between 15 and 25, the more of them there are
around the more crime there is. So sociologists predict
more crime  20 years after a surge in the birth rate.
AFAIR it's also been observed that  violent crime goes up in times of increasing prosperity but crime against property
goes up in bad economic times.
Of course none of that explains the huge secular trends in crime. In UK crime of all sorts fell almost continually
from about 1700 (& there are no real records much
before then) till the middle of this century. Since then it has been
rising. Who knows why? And how come the US murder rate is maybe 8 or 10 times the UK?
(actually that is unfair because the definition of "murder" is stricter
here, but it is at least 4 times different). Are we nicer people?
Not likely - the rape & indecent assault are no better here, & burglary is worse.

@_date: 1998-09-28 10:08:49
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: Mild anti-phone-company rant 
Why worry about mere governments when the phone company can ru(i)n your
life? BT AKA  British Telecom were reported on the BBC radio over the weekend
to be using their customer's account records to poach business from
Internet service providers.  Sales staff searched for customers who
frequently dialled known ISP numbers. They then tried to sell them BT's
Internet service (imaginitively branded as "BT Internet") A bit of a marketing advantage that, knowing exactly who your mark
phoned, when and for how long.  What's next? Maybe BT Pizza will try
contacting heavy users of Domino. Or BT Hot and Horny will send
brochures in plain covers to subscribers who phone certain numbers
apparently in Grenada or Chile  (Not that I would ever call such numbers
but a friend of mine was surprised to find so many Manchester accents in
Latin America...)
UK government's response to all that is at
  - which will also tell you
about the way BT overcharges independent  payphone operators and rakes
off money whenever you call a mobile phone.  says how
Kent police are doing a deal with BT so that the phone company will
withdraw service from people who make too many frivolous 999 calls
(emergency number - like the US 911 - but a lot easier to key in when
your room is  full of smoke). So if the police don't like you they can
ask BT to cut off your phone and they just will?
And if you think I've got it in for BT at least they seem to be  more
competent than their main rivals in the UK market,  inCapable and
Witless (did I spell that right?) for whom I spent a day and a half
waiting at home last week, instead of at work. On Thursday  I was there
for hours for one man to come in, stick something into a wall port, see
that it lit up (I could have told him that the connection to the switch
worked) and give me a piece of paper to sign, telling me that they had
connected my phone to the WRONG NUMBER  which, after I had called them
to ask for my own phone number back got disconnected entirely.  On
Friday they didn't turn up at all. Totally wasted day.  And I currently
have neither phone nor cable TV services, and haven't had for THREE
WEEKS. And they had the temerity to send me a bill - even if it was only
for 4.45.
I think I should charge them for my wasted time. Maybe I should ask for
consultancy rates.  But I suppose if I demanded more than a year's phone
bill off them they'd soon decide they dindn't have to supply me with
service at all.  Nuts.
There must be a cheap way to get online without dealing with phone
companies. They seem to combine the entrepreneurial spirit of the civil
service with the humility of the banks and the dedication to customer
choice of Microsoft and IBM.
This mail is entirely my own private opinion and nothing at all to do
with my employers who probably wouldn't approve of it in the unlikely
event that they ever noticed it.  Despite the fact that I am using their
Internet connection to send it.  Of course I could always have sent it
from home via my ISP. Or I could have  IF I HAD A BLOODY PHONE LINE THAT
BLOODY WELL WORKED.
Ken Brown

@_date: 1998-10-01 05:47:22
@_author: Brown, R Ken 
@_subject: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Surely the way round this is to take the "batteries not included" route?
Just use GPLed libraries or standalone modules. Or write your code in such a
way that some modules are GPLed and some aren't. Sell your modules & tell
people that they will need to get the GPL stuff through "normal channels".  Of course, once outside the USA you are safe. Nobody *outside* the US cares
much about your export restrictions or absurd ideas about patenting software
anyway - although in many European countries, and certainly in UK, we take
copyright a lot *more* seriously than you. Copyright is widely seen as a
right, something that naturally belongs to the author or artist. In French
law they even talk about right of "paternity" in a text (part of "Droit
Moral")  even if you assign copyright to another person you are still
allowed to veto changes in it, your right is seen as inalienable, like  the
rights you have to your own person - copyright is part of personality, not
property. (This has been partly imported into English law as a a right to be
identified as the author, which has to be asserted, which you now nearly
always do). In France but not in England they also recognise the right to
withdraw a work  (although for some reason Stanley Kubrick seems to have
been able to withdraw the Clockwork Orange film in England, I don't
understand how) and the right of access to a work (an artist is allowed
access to a painting which has been sold to someone else). These things are
seen as part of personality. Just as in the US the law won't allow you to
sell yourself permanently to someone else (i.e. no slavery, even voluntary
slavery) but only rent yourself out  (employment) so in most of Europe you
can't really "sell" copyright, only rent it out.  But patents are to some
extent seen as government interference, as licensed monopoly. They tend to
be unpopular with everyone (except lawyers, inventors and pharmecutical
companies of course).
I suspect there are a lot of people who would have moral problems with
breaking someone else's software copyright but wouldn't give a dam about
breaking a software patent. An algorithm is an idea, and how can anyone own
an idea? (I'm talking morals here, not law - intersecting universes of
discourse, but not identical ones :-)
Ken Brown (and not his employers who respect patents greatly and would sack
me if I broke them at work. After all they own an awful lot of them...)
