
@_date: 2004-06-14 14:05:17
@_author: Tefft, Bruce 
@_subject: [osint] Assassination Plans Found On Internet 
1 June 2004 - U.K. armed services raise threat level to "severe"
According to a report by Air Security, U.K. armed services officials raised
the threat level for U.K. military installations to "severe" after receiving
intelligence that terrorists with links to al-Qaeda are planning to stage
suicide truck bomb attacks against a U.K. military base within the next two
months. Military officials stated that terrorists are planning to drive a
truck packed with explosives into military headquarters. The intelligence
indicated London is a particular target, as are upcoming D-Day celebrations.
1 June 2004 - Assassination Plans Found On Internet
ASSASINATION PLANS AGAINST SAUDI ARABIA'S MINISTER OF THE INTERIOR Prince
Nayif Bin-Abd-al-Aziz were discovered by Northeast Intelligence Network
analysts and submitted to the appropriate authorities.
As first reported on The Roth Show, a syndicated radio program based in
Spokane, Washington, the highly detailed plans are calling for the operation
to take place this Friday, June 4, 2004 using rocket propelled grenades
while the Prince is in transit.
The plans, authored by Abu Hajar Abdel Aziz al-Moqrin, the leader of al
Qaeda in Saudi Arabia and the man who claimed responsibility for the attack
on the residential complex in Saudi Arabia last Saturday, outlined Prince
Nayif's itinerary, manner and route of travel, personal security, and
planned method of attack using rocket propelled grenades.
The detailed plans were found in Issue 11 of Camp al Battar, a well known
military-style training manual referenced by terrorists and published
regularly on an elusive Internet forum. The translated communication can be
found at  in addition to the audio statement of
Abu Hajar Abdel Aziz al-Moqrin claiming responsibility for the attack at
APICORP in Khobar, Saudi Arabia.
Translated from Arabic:
    The target: Nayef Bin Abdul Aziz. He will attend a reception of external
security personel in a secret visit of the queen at King Khaled
International Airport.
    Specification of the target: Nayef Bin Abd Al-Aziz Al Saud .
    Personal information:
    Name: Nayef Bin Abd Al-Aziz Al Saud .
    Age: 71 years born in 1933.
    Position: the Saudi Minister of Interior.
    Residence address: the Gardens - several palaces (the present palace in
Arqa, also the Mother's palace, and several other palaces that he
    Daily routine: He goes to sleep shortly before dawn, and goes to the
ministry some days at 7 o'clock at night until eight thirty, resting in the
evenings, and attending parties, and private meetings.
    Number of guards: 8 persons
    Typed of armament: light .
    The guards can be targeted as they descend from the care; they are near
but not too close.
    The movement of the procession: it blocks off the roads, and they drive
the target car in the midst of the procession with similar cars possibly to
provide a camouflage procession.
    The guarding crew breaks up any surveillance.
    The guarding crew varies the route at times..
    The number of guarding cars in the procession: (not less than ten cars
and their job is to opened the highway). The first car, with the oscillation
light, then the cars for personal protection, then the cars in which the
targets are found which are probably similar in color and model and without
numbers or with similar numbers to the protection cars, then the patrol cars
that close the procession. Sometimes there is a smaller procession without
the target that moves in side streets.
    The target changes its car.
    Mostly uses the same car, which is not easy to approach since the
highways are closed.
    Route information: From Arqa palace to the airport, 40 kilos.
    Route Description: From Arqa, take the western circular, then the
northern circular, then the airport highway, with the probability of moving
onto other roads:
    (Arqa - Khris highway, Jabber Alsabah's highway, the northern circular,
the airport highway).
    (Arqa - Ad Dir Iyah, Alamaria parting, then move in an easterly
direction and return to the specialize route to the airport highway ).
    Schedule
    The time of departure for the reception: on 15 / 4 / 1425 AH
    The departure time: at six at night .
    The arrival time: 25 minutes after 6 .
    The side streets: many sides streets come from the circular exits ( 4 -
5 - 6 - 7 ) and from them (the western gates of King Saud University)
(Prince Abdullah Highway ) .
    The bridges: the field linking between the northern circular and the
circular extension east of the Airport Highway.
    Places where the cars can park, and deserted places: there are none.
    There are many turns: Among them the turn of the circular on the western
meeting the northern circular, and the turn of the circular northern meeting
to the eastern, and there are moderately thick trees and gardens and
football playing fields.
    There is a high building of several floors belonging to the Sabk
company, and the Imam University buildings, and there are trees in the
moderate island separating between the two ways, which are good for the
invisibility and ambushes and at the entrance to the airport highway there
is a gate which can be closed.
    After the target has been specified, the command began issuing orders to
the concerned leaders, dividing the operation into several stages:
    The first stage: the specification of the target. This stage is
    The second stage: the collection of the information. This stage is
complete also.
    The third stage: Determining the way of killing (the explosives), and it
will be with the explosions in the procession during the passing of the
procession at the bottom of the bridge linking the northern circular and the
eastern one, and on the sides of the highway at the turn, beginning with the
emergence of the group of confirmation and the destruction, with the
assurance of killing them, or it may be carried out with the use of
anti-armament missiles.
At this point, it is impossible to determine if this is an actual
assassination plan, or some sort of hoax. The fact that it was published in
issue 11 of Al Battar, a known Al Qaeda publication that has proved credible
in the past, and that it was written by Abu Hajar Abdel Aziz Al Moqrin (see
article below) certainly lends a degree of urgency to this information.
The level of detail of the information in the "plan" is very high and shows
the results of extensive surveilance of the individual named as the target.
However, it must also be taken into consideration that Abu Hajar has changed
pertinant details prior to publication. It is possible that the target of
the attack is a different member of the Saudi royal family.
A posting on the Al Qal'ah forum this morning refers to a "big surprise"
coming in the next week for Saudi Prince Mohamed Bin Fahd, son of the
current Saudi king.
The Al Battar article specifies the date of June 4, 2004, for the attack.
Since that is just a few days away, we are posting the relevant material in
hopes that the attack will be thwarted by authorities.
Law enforcement, diplomatic, and other security personnel who need access to
the original documents we translated should contact our director at
dhagmann at adelphia.net.
---------- Yahoo! Groups Sponsor ------------
Brooks Isoldi, editor
bisoldi at intellnet.org
  Post message: osint at yahoogroups.com
  Subscribe:    osint-subscribe at yahoogroups.com
  Unsubscribe:  osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. OSINT, as a
part of The Intelligence Network, is making it available without profit to
OSINT YahooGroups members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of
intelligence and law enforcement organizations, their activities, methods,
techniques, human rights, civil liberties, social justice and other
intelligence related issues, for non-profit research and educational
purposes only. We believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the
copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright
Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own
that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright
For more information go to:
Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
     <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
     osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
     --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-06-23 23:20:08
@_author: Tefft, Bruce 
@_subject: [osint] Saudi cracks down on tailors dressing terrorists 
Wednesday June 23, 11:40 PM
Saudi cracks down on tailors dressing militants
By Heba Kandil
RIYADH (Reuters) - Saudi authorities have increased inspections at tailor
shops in a bid to stop the illegal production of military uniforms used by
al Qaeda militants bent on toppling the pro-U.S. monarchy.
Above the clatter of sewing machines, many tailors told Reuters on Wednesday
that inspectors had warned them against selling uniforms to people without a
military identification card.
"Every two weeks there is a police inspection at our shops," Indian tailor
Ulom said in his tiny shop, one of several lining Riyadh's al-Wazir street
where the bulk of uniforms are made.
"If I don't ask for IDs, I could be arrested," he says, holding his hands in
a cuffed position.
The government began restricting access to uniforms after al Qaeda
militants, in military or police gear, escalated their battle against the
government and the Western residents they regard as "infidels".
In one of the bloodiest attacks by Osama bin Laden's group, militants
masquerading as security men killed 22 civilians in a May shooting and
hostage-taking spree in the oil city of Khobar.
In November 2003, suicide bombers also got into a Riyadh housing compound by
dressing up as security forces. At least 18 people, mainly Arabs and
Muslims, were killed in that attack.
And repeating a frequent claim, al Qaeda said in an Internet publication
that some policemen had helped them kidnap U.S. engineer Paul Johnson --
whom they beheaded last week -- by providing uniforms and cars. The
government denied the report.
At least 85 civilians and police have been killed by al Qaeda, blamed for
the September 2001 attacks on U.S. cities.
The Saudi authorities say the militants often copy military costumes and
paint cars in police colours.
But some militants used to serve in the security forces and diplomats said
they often use their IDs and contacts to legally obtain props. Saleh
al-Awfi, tipped to be the new al Qaeda leader in the kingdom, was a former
Interior Ministry employee.
Mohammed, another Indian tailor, said he was happy to comply with the
government regulations because he wants to make sure he is outfitting the
"good guys" and not the "deviant faction".
"By God, it's a crime what's happening," he said as he carefully measured
green camouflage cloth.
"But we only service people with military ID cards," he added, rising from
his seat to greet a customer inspecting the boots, pistol holsters and name
badges in the window display.
Saudi forces won a major battle against the group on Friday when they shot
and killed four prominent militants, including Saudi's al Qaeda leader
Abdulaziz al-Muqrin.
Despite the government's efforts, some Saudis say anybody can buy the
costumes without the mandatory documents. The shop's provide uniforms for
cadets at military school and officers.
"Yes, there are restrictions but a trader will often forgo IDs for a
profit," said one Saudi journalist. "Buying a military outfit is as easy as
buying a can of soft drink."
Brooks Isoldi, editor
bisoldi at intellnet.org
  Post message: osint at yahoogroups.com
  Subscribe:    osint-subscribe at yahoogroups.com
  Unsubscribe:  osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. OSINT, as a
part of The Intelligence Network, is making it available without profit to
OSINT YahooGroups members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of
intelligence and law enforcement organizations, their activities, methods,
techniques, human rights, civil liberties, social justice and other
intelligence related issues, for non-profit research and educational
purposes only. We believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the
copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright
Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own
that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright
For more information go to:
Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
     <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
     osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
     --- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-06-25 07:58:50
@_author: Tefft, Bruce 
@_subject: [osint] Your License, Your Urine 
Posted on June 21, 2004
Your License, Your Urine
By Paul Armentano
Imagine if it were against the law to drive home after consuming a
single glass of wine at dinner. Now imagine it is illegal to drive after
having consumed a single glass of wine two weeks ago. Guess what? If you
smoke pot, it's time to stop imagining.
Legislation weaving its way through the US Congress demands all 50
states pass laws granting police the power to drug test drivers and
arrest anyone found to have "any detectable amount of a controlled
substance ... present in the person's body, as measured in the person's
blood, urine, saliva, or other bodily substance." Though the expressed
purpose of the law is to target and remove drug-impaired drivers from US
roadways, the proposal would do nothing of the sort.
Most troubling, the proposed law -- H.R. 3922 -- does not require
motorists to be identifiably impaired or intoxicated in order to be
criminally charged with the crime of "drugged driving." Rather, police
have only to demonstrate that the driver has detectable levels of
illicit drugs or inactive drug metabolites in their blood, sweat, saliva
or urine. As many pot smokers know, marijuana metabolites are fat
soluble, and remain identifiable in the urine for days and sometimes
even weeks after past use. Consequently someone who smoked a joint on
Monday could conceivably be arrested on Friday and charged with "drugged
driving," even though they are perfectly sober!
Here's how the law would work. Police, at their discretion, could order
motorists during a traffic stop to undergo a drug test, most likely a
urine test. If the driver's urine tests positive for prior pot use then
he or she would automatically be charged and eventually found guilty of
the criminal offense of driving under the influence of drugs -- even if
the pot in question was consumed weeks earlier. Under the law, the fact
that the driver is not impaired is irrelevant; the only "evidence"
necessary is the positive test result.
So Who's Behind This?
Over the past five years, a small cabal of prohibitionists, drug testing
proponents and toxicologists have pushed for legislation criminalizing
drivers who operate a vehicle with inert drug metabolites present in
their system. To date, their efforts have persuaded ten states --
Arizona, Georgia, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Minnesota, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, Utah and Wisconsin -- to pass such "drugged driving" laws,
known as zero-tolerance per se laws. Leading this charge is the Walsh
Group, a federally funded organization that develops drug testing
technology and lobbies for rigid workplace drug testing programs. Walsh
Group President, Michael Walsh, is the former Director of the Division
of Applied Research at the US National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA)
and formerly served as the Associate Director of the Office of National
Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), informally known as the Drug Czar's office
In November 2002, the group partnered with the ONDCP to lobby state
legislatures to amend their drugged driving laws. Every state has laws
on the books prohibiting motorists from driving "under the influence" of
a controlled substance. Like drunk driving laws, virtually all of these
laws require the motorists to be impaired by their drug use in order to
be charged with "drugged driving."
Nevertheless, the Walsh Group argued that these existing laws are too
lax on illicit drug users. To bolster their claim, they argued --
without explanation -- that actually linking illicit drug use to
impaired driving is a "technically complicated and difficult task."
Their solution? States should enact zero tolerance per se laws
redefining "drugged drivers" as any motorist who tests positives for any
level of illicit drugs or drug metabolites, regardless of whether their
driving is impaired.
"There is clearly a need for national leadership at the federal level to
develop model statutes and to strongly encourage the states to modify
their laws," the organization concluded in a widely disseminated report.
Notably, the authors failed to mention that the widespread enactment of
such a policy would be a political and financial windfall for the Walsh
Group's drug testing technology and consulting services.
The Walsh Group is hardly the only organization with something to gain
from the Bush administration's proposed "drugged driving" crackdown.
Speaking at a White House-sponsored symposium in February, former 1970s
Drug Czar Robert Dupont -- another ex-NIDA director who now heads the
workplace drug testing consultation firm Bensinger, Dupont & Associates
(BDA) -- also demanded the federal government mandate zero-tolerance
drugged driving laws.
"Workplace drug testing has prepared us for drugged driving testing,"
Dupont told attendees, arguing that just as many public and private
employees are subjected to random drug screening, so should be
motorists. Those drivers who test positive, says Dupont, should then be
monitored through regularly scheduled drug tests, including hair
testing, for a period of two to five years.
"The benefits of this approach will be improved highway safety," he
concluded, failing to explain how punishing sober drivers while
simultaneously lining BDA's pockets would make America's roadways any
Cruising on Cannabis: What's the Problem?
"Driving under the influence of, or after having used, illegal drugs has
become a significant problem worldwide," states the preamble to H.R.
3922. However, despite the government's claim, epidemiological evidence
on the number of motorists who drive under the influence of illicit
drugs is scarce.
Further, among the limited evidence that does exist, much of it finds
that pot's measurable yet relatively mild effects on psychomotor skills
do not appear to play a significant role in vehicular crashes,
particularly when compared to alcohol. "Crash culpability studies have
failed to demonstrate that drivers with cannabinoids in the blood are
significantly more likely than drug-free drivers to be culpable in road
crashes," summarized researchers Gregory Chesher and Marie Longo in the
recent book Cannabis and Cannabinoids: Pharmacology, Toxicology, and
Therapeutic Potential. A 2002 Canadian Senate report was even more
succinct, stating, "Cannabis alone, particularly in low doses, has
little effect on the skills involved in automobile driving."
Nonetheless, Congress' proposed bill specifically and disproportionately
targets motorists who may occasionally smoke pot because marijuana's
metabolites exit the body more slowly than other drug metabolites, often
remaining detectable in urine for several weeks at a time. Equally
troubling, there currently exists no technology that can accurately
correlate drug metabolite concentration to impairment of performance.
Of course, such concerns are no bother to those in Congress who intend
to ride this latest wave of drug war rhetoric to reelection. Nor are
they of much worry to those in the drug testing industry who stand to
make a fortune prosecuting and jailing sober pot smokers.
As for everybody else, be afraid; be very afraid. And be sure to keep a
fresh sample of urine in the glove compartment.
This article originally appeared in Heads Magazine in Canada.
(c) 2004 Independent Media Institute.
Brooks Isoldi, editor
bisoldi at intellnet.org
  Post message: osint at yahoogroups.com
  Subscribe:    osint-subscribe at yahoogroups.com
  Unsubscribe:  osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
*** FAIR USE NOTICE. This message contains copyrighted material whose use
has not been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. OSINT, as a
part of The Intelligence Network, is making it available without profit to
OSINT YahooGroups members who have expressed a prior interest in receiving
the included information in their efforts to advance the understanding of
intelligence and law enforcement organizations, their activities, methods,
techniques, human rights, civil liberties, social justice and other
intelligence related issues, for non-profit research and educational
purposes only. We believe that this constitutes a 'fair use' of the
copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the U.S. Copyright
Law. If you wish to use this copyrighted material for purposes of your own
that go beyond 'fair use,' you must obtain permission from the copyright
For more information go to:
Yahoo! Groups Links
<*> To visit your group on the web, go to:
     <*> To unsubscribe from this group, send an email to:
     osint-unsubscribe at yahoogroups.com
<*> Your use of Yahoo! Groups is subject to:
     --- end forwarded text
