
@_date: 1996-02-02 18:07:22
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Helping the Crypto-Clueless 
While talking with Alan Olsen about the impending Telecommunications Decency
Act, a thought struck me: one of the groups that's really going to be hurt
by this is pagans. Me, I'm one o' them Christian types; it's my anarchism
that'll get me on lists. But insofar as cypherpunks have contact with pagans
(and aboriginal American groups and the like), probably there are a lot of
folks who should be ramping up for privacy right away.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-02-09 10:57:06
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Tell me whats wrong with this 
Gee, there's nothing like false speculations as a basis for attack. I, for
instance, have a friend who's been in two serious car accidents in recent
years. In one she was belted in, and survived a nasty tumble that otherwise
almost certaily would have killed her. In the other, she was in a truck from
the pre-mandated-belts era, and was thrown free before the car collided with
a pole that pierced all the way through the driver's seat. The mandate could
have killed her.
Sure, that's rare. I always belt up, or virtually always. Do I approve the
mandate? No. ditto with all of the others. I want _information_, not
_behavior control_.
So. For those of us who do not generally approve of pushing responsibility
for our morals (or health needs, for those of us with severe immune
problems) onto others, how do you justify compelling us to spend money to
make your life easier?
In the first place, we don't know anything of the sort. Show the chip
implemented in a mass-market TV or VCR, and back up your claims. Second, by
putting more rating power into the hands of the State, it does emphatically
threaten freedom of expression. And remember: anyone with your sig file,
assuming you believe its sentiments, has no great ground for confidence that
his views, rather than those of the worst and best-organized busybodies
around, will prevail.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-02-11 05:59:29
@_author: Bruce A. Baugh 
@_subject: Privacy Without Tears 
Since it wouldn't do me any good to write code (I've _seen_ my code, it's not pretty), I'm writing in English instead. :-)
I've started work on what I currently call Privacy Without Tears, a guide to PGP and related programs pitched specifically at a novice audience. I would appreciate comments, particularly in the fact-checking line (more on this in a  moment). I'd also appreciate anyone who feels like it passing the URL I'll give in a moment on to crypto newbies and seeing if they can follow the instructions and get good results.
So far, I've only written an intro and a section on PGP. Now I'm working on a section on DOS and Windows front ends.
I'm only discussing software I can actually use on my own system, so explaining to me about the merits of tools for other OSes won't do any good. But if you have useful information about such, I'd be happy to link to your pages. Likewise, I'm deliberately not getting in a number of technicalities up front - only in the last section, for instance, will I explain about IDEA's role in PGP keys. This is for _novices_, the people who have as much need to protect their privacy as any of us but fewer clues.
One thing I could really use is a short - paragraph-length - discussion of probable times to crack keys of various lengths.
The URL (for the moment):
Thanks in advance for constructive comments!
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-02-11 10:35:15
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Privacy Without Tears 
Will do - URL squirreled away for when I do the References pages.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-02-11 11:20:39
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Privacy Without Tears 
I like that a lot! A nifty graphic would be the old-fashioned engraving of a
padlock on the O'Reilly book about PGP.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-02-13 10:31:35
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: The Emotional Killer (or out of the frying pan and into the electric chair?) 
This is off-topic; anyone wanting to follow up on it, e-mail me on the side.
Jim Bell is pretty much exactly as relevant to libertarian thought as Lyndon
LaRouche is to Democratic thought - that is, he's a crank, whom we prefer to
ignore where possible. I, for one, filter his messages straight to Eudora's
Trash mailbox.
If you want to sample a different variety of libertarianism, check out the
URL in my sig file and look at the Christlib list. Or, for that matter,
simply leaf through REASON and LIBERTY magazine, and note the variety of
folks actually _doing_ things that promote "human freedom for everyone" as
well as talking about it.
It's not as much fun as ad hominem, I admit, but in the long run I think
it's more useful.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-02-14 05:38:32
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Portland, OR, Key-Signing+ 
THE SECOND QUASI-MONTHLY PORTLAND CYPHERPUNKS SOIREE AND KEY-SIGNING
Yes, it's that time again.
When:   Saturday, February 26, 1996
        come 4:30-5 pm to join those of us watching the new         episode of MYSTERY SCIENCE THEATER 3000, or
        come 7:30-8 pm to avoid it
Where:  my apartment, in SE Portland
        e-mail me for directions
This meeting is about to be announced in a bunch of local and
regional newsgroups; I hope to get a crop of novices as well as the more experienced folks. A keysigning will take place, with instructions for it mailed out later in the week.
I have a PC running Windows 95, and it'll be available for use in
key verification and the like. If anyone has a portable computer
with another OS to bring, please do.
Proposed topics:
1) Alan Olsen is working on an e-mail client with PGP integration.
Let's talk interface.
2) I'm working on a guide for crypto newbies. Come and tell me what
works or doesn't.
3) So, just how lame is the Communications Decency Act, anyway? :-)
4) Whatever of crypto relevance is on your mind.
Since there was confusion last time about expectations, let me spell
out of a few things up.
1) Since some participants have expressed the desire not to be
photographed, no cameras.
2) Insofar as others have other concerns, e-mail me. No guarantees
on what we can do or not, but I'd like as many people as possible to be as comfortable as possible.
3) What's discussed during the soiree _will_ be fair game for
comment later. Interesting insights, dramatic news, stunning
rhetoric, the whole deal, may all be continued on the net later.
There are, alas, some restrictions on partying tools, imposed by my chronic immune problems. If you smoke, a) please hold off if
possible or b) take it outside and away from my door. (I have a nice back patio suitable for this purpose, since I never use it for anything.) I will have quite a variety of drinks on hand, but please, leave the alcohol at home. Ditto for any scents or perfumes you might usually wear. This way I get to have fun, too. I really hate to add this particular paragraph (and it isn't in the
version that'll get posted to newsgroups), but...one person won't be
welcome. Jim Bell's conduct at the last meeting and on the list are
such as to make it quite clear that I don't want him in my home. I
won't send him directions. I ask that nobody else do so. If he
shows, he will not be allowed in. I have no interest in hosting a
get-together dominated by the perpetuation of an increasingly dull
flamewar. (And if he can stop grinding the usual axes in the next
two weeks, I'd be delighted to drop this.) The time and energy I,
and other participants, have are too valuable to waste that way. (And if he thinks I'm being unreasonable, he is of course free to organize his own gathering.) [Note: I will not pursue this matter
further on Cypherpunks. I needed to announce it; I don't need to
sustain the flame fest.]
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-02-14 18:20:52
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Bruce Reads The Calendar - cypherpunk gathering correction 
It has been pointed out to me that the 26th is a Monday. Oops. The correct
date for the Portland cypherpunks get-together is in fact
Saturday, February 24, 1996
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-02-16 18:06:53
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Subject lines? 
I'd noticed the same thing, and am a little disgruntled, since it screws up
my usual mail filtering.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-02-17 15:37:05
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Libertarians and crypto and such 
So you get the fun of attacking this straw man called "libertarians" without
any responsibility to identify any actual people it might include other than
a handful of folks that the vast majority of us think are kooks. And you've
also acquired the remarkable mental power, apparently, to discern who is or
is not an LP member based on their posts here.
Neat tricks.
But until they're joined with a willingness to look at a wider range of
libertarian posts than the fragment that feeds your pet peeves, I reserve
the right to be impressed.
And yes, this is off-topic. So this is all I have to say about it.

@_date: 1996-02-18 21:10:35
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: China -- the fragile glimmer of freedom 
In many cases, exercising the prudence appropriate to people whose friends
have been run over by tanks in recent years.
In other cases, doing things in venues that happen not to cross this list.
In much of China the central government is already a dead letter, with
effective power being wielded at the municipial and provincial level.
Friends of my family who do business in China report that the major question
at this point is making sure that local military authorities don't decide to
confiscate all the assets of prospering businesses. Part of this is very
strong security for sensitive transactions.
I can't know for sure, obviously, but I'd be unsurprised to find as many
copies of PGP running in regions like Shanghai, Shenzen, and Guangzhou as
there are in the United States.
A lot of these folks don't have good net connectively, and won't for a long
time. Some of them have it but are leery of posting critical stuff that will
attract hostile attention. Others are, for all I know, protesting in
relevant soc.culture groups and such places. It's very easy to develop an
inflated sense of the importance of the forums one happens to belong to -
Cypherpunks isn't all that widely known, and even though it is, or at least
has been, an outstanding gathering of folks making crypto happen, there are
other vectors for these things.
As it happens, I _do_ know for a fact of at least one copy of PGP running in
Nepal, in the hands of a agricultural broker.
Tim, you're beyond your knowledge here.

@_date: 1996-02-18 21:15:43
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Monthly Remailer Perfs, Prelims 
I'm in the process of running what I guess will be my monthly series of
remailer tests, where I send posts through a given remailer to a nym at c2
and then back through the remailer to me. While it'll be most of a week
before I'm done, some preliminary observations.
- armadillo and hroller are sorely missed.
- remailer at valhalla.phoenix.net is, so I'm told, not a valid address. And I
get a failure to find the host name at wmono at spook.alias.net. Anyone want to
shed light on this?
- performance is noticeably slower throughout. In January I routinely got
messages back in five to ten minutes. Now the shortest round trip is about
fifty minutes. Is the load on the remailers that much higher, or are other
factors at work?

@_date: 1996-02-20 04:28:28
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailers not heard from; info? 
I'm curious if anyone knows anything about the status of the following type
I remailers.
NOT HEARD FROM IN MY JANUARY OR FEBRUARY TESTS
amnesia at chardos.connix.com
NOT HEARD FROM IN MY FEBRUARY TESTS
pamphlet at idiom.com
remail at c2.org
remailer at bi-node.zerberus.de
robo at c2.org
And as long as I'm asking questions :-), I see that some remailers
(hfinney at shell.portal.com, hal at alumni.caltech.edu, homer at rahul.net) preserve
subject lines while others do not. Is this a readily settable option? If so,
I'd like to commend it to other remailer operators. If not, I'd be
interested in getting some sense of how difficult a hack it is.

@_date: 1996-02-20 06:50:13
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailers not heard from; info? 
A fix along the lines of
might be readily applicable.

@_date: 1996-02-20 07:39:18
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Some thoughts on the Chinese Net 
I'd like to agree, but I'm afraid I can't. Notice that many years of
widespread use of currently illegal drugs in the US has not translated into
widespread willingness to say that the drugs should be legal. Nor has the
experience of decades of black markets turned into widespread Russian
willingness to allow a lot more freedom: what they call "profiteering" and
punish heavily is mostly what we call "wholesaling" and regard as an
essential part of mundane distribution.
Cognitive dissonance is really, really easy to come by, and hard to remove.

@_date: 1996-02-20 07:40:34
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Net Partying Last Week? 
I'm noticing something odd in the course of my remailer tests. There's an
across-the-board increase in turnaround times for Sunday/Monday as compared
with Friday/Saturday. Was there some remailer cyberbash I don't know about,
or was this more likely to be a local problem?

@_date: 1996-02-20 08:27:20
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: NET_run 
Okay, I just checked with Wizards of the Coast, and here's the story.
Netrunner is indeed a card game. As part of the intro publicity, some demo
games will be run on the Web. (No, no info about that at the moment.) The
rest is the intersection of overenthusiastic publicity folks and clueless
reporters. "Go, marketing department, go" were the exact words of my friend.
However, he also says that the game is an exceedingly cool one, and that
those of you who like the collectable card games should check it out.

@_date: 1996-02-20 15:32:40
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailers not heard from; info? 
Right you are. I posted without thinking, and deserve the RTFM here.
Since I'm getting my list of remailers from you :-), I don't know about them
I really wish I could get a lead on...well, I just put all that in a post to
Tim May, no need to duplicate it all. I'll cheerfully accept both info and
pointers to info for thsoe questions, though.

@_date: 1996-02-20 15:39:25
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailers not heard from; info? 
No, Tim, I didn't. I asked why I was noticing a secular slowdown _relative
to last month_ when I did the same thing I'm doing now. Then I asked the
same question for the last couple of days relative to the end of the last week.
I understand why there are delays. And how to set latency. And a number of
other things. This is none of those.
I'll take the heat for what I do write. I'm not claiming to be an expert, I
do make mistakes, I do get confused, when it's appropriate I'll take a few
"RTFMs" (as with cutmarks). In return, though, I don't take the heat for
what I don't write.
I will also point out that I asked at least a few of these questions when I
posted my January results. Particularly, I'm curious to get a better handle
on what elements of the process I'm using lead to such different time
results from, say, Raph's pinging chart. Local site? The scummy service
through which too much Portland traffic has to pass? Other factors? Dunno.
Met with deafening silence last month, apart from some thank-yous on the
side from folks who appreciated having things already formatted with times
rather than needing the extra step of reading the codes.
[Side note: I see myself as offering a supplement to services like Raph's.
Obviously I can't compete in timeliness or comprehensiveness of coverage. On
the other hand, I do think my usage reflects much more closely what happens
when people actually send traffic through remailers, and I go for maximum
clarity of presentation. In other words, I'm building on others' work. No
inflating of ego is intended or implied; some settling of arches may have
occurred during shipping.]
So I'm asking again. I've had some helpful notes on the side from remailer
operators, to whom my thanks. I'd like to learn more.

@_date: 1996-02-20 17:18:48
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Compelling Advantage of Public Key Systems 
Exactly. I was trying (not very successfully, I fear) to explain this point
just this afternoon to an acquaintance who's developed a handy-to-use but
not at all really secure encryption utility. Quite apart from the issue of
key size, the public-key system means that I never have to have a secure
channel to start communicating. If I've got a channel secure enough to send
a clear password to you, I don't need the encryption for security reasons.
(_Economic_ reasons may well be valid ones, in practice, but again, if a
secure channel isn't routinely available, I say go for the tool that doesn't
require it.)
I find that it generally takes a few repetitions of this for it to sink in,
but once it does, an "aha!" usually follows.

@_date: 1996-02-20 17:19:25
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: should we use same nym on multiple servers? 
No fooling? Wow. That's astonishingly clueless on his part, I'd say. When I sign up with an Internet provider, I don't necessarily get the user
name I want. When I joined Teleport, "bruce", "baugh", and "bbaugh" were all
already taken. I presume by, in turn, someone with the first name of Bruce,
someone with the last name of Baugh, and someone with a first initial of B
and a last name of Baugh. (There are, oh, third or fourth cousins of mine in
the area. These things happen.) When I transferred to Aracnet, "bruce" was
free, so I grabbed it. If Bruce Boxleitner were to try to get an account
there, that'd be his tough luck.
Even more so with nyms, and even more more so with nyms that aren't real
names. "Shalmaneser" is a name with antecedents, after all. If someone else
beat the c2 guy to it at black.net, that's his tough luck. No provider, I
think, is compelled to offer anyone the user name they might like to have,
nor to hold one indefinitely on the off chance. Welcome to the real world,
where more than one person can have the same idea.
And, as you say...
Right. It at least shows some level of cooperation, if not identity. And
realistically, that's about as close as anyone is going to get.

@_date: 1996-02-21 18:23:33
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: "This is not Coderpunks--we don't need no steenking cryptography!" 
Pretty much, yep. The only part of this that really annoys me is that there
isn't currently any real place to talk about actual crypto matters from a
user's point of view.
Sure, I can carve out space for myself on my own Web pages to talk about the
things that interest/concern me - and I have - but it's tough to find
anyplace to _learn_ in any way except random experimentation. And sure, if I
could read C well enough to puzzle through the remailer code and had the
UNIX knowledge necessary to compile and run one myself, for instance, I
could answer all my questions about remailer operation. But I don't. And I
wish I didn't have to. Unfortunately, there seems to be a huge gap between
the tiny handful of people who create the stuff and the bulk of us who are
merely interested in using it.
At this point, I acknowledge that I'm reinventing Alan's screed about how
"cypherpunks teach" should be as true as "cypherpunks write code". If more
people don't work on bridging the aforementioned gap, smart people of good
will who happen to be occupied enough with other things not to be able (or
interested) to become themselves good programmers and cryptographers are SOL.

@_date: 1996-02-21 22:34:31
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Portland Cypherpunks Get-Together 
I just wanted to remind y'all that this Saturday is the second quasi-monthly
Portland (OR) cypherpunks MST3K fest, key-signing, and general social event.
E-mail for further information.

@_date: 1996-02-22 19:57:10
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: A Challenge (perhaps!) 
Yes, it does. Without the slightest insult of any kind to your friend, the
problem is that the vast majority of "new" algorithms have actually been
invented time and time again long ago. And the vast majority of those have
been shown to have vulnerabilities. Phil Zimmerman writes about this in the
PGP docs. It is overwhelmingly likely that your friend has, no doubt with
the best of intentions, stumbled across something that has a simple flaw he
doesn't know about.
Further, secrets are hard to keep. PGP works _because of_ its publicity, not
in spite of it. When the algorithm must be kept secret, every little thing
must be watched. Just a few months ago, someone cracked the encryption on
Microsoft's Win95 registry database by taking a snapshot of the contents of
memory at a key moment. Other hacks break other efforts at secrecy.
In fact, no sensible user should trust anything to a secret algorithm. I may
not be able to tell the difference between Diffie-Hellman and Lillian
Helman...but I can go talk to those who can. If the coders and evaluators I
trust tell me there's a problem, I can go hunt up another solution. Doing
anything else buying a pig in a poke.
Now, there are a lot of not-sensible users out there. Slick marketing can
result in a bundle being made. But it's not the best way to go.

@_date: 1996-02-23 03:16:58
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: A Challenge (perhaps!) 
That's a very effective way of putting it. I like that.
As it happens, it appears that I may have persuaded yet another developer
what I Strongly Suspect to be hideously insecure to post info here, or have
me do it. Turns out he's genuinely interested in doing it right. I _really_
hope this turns into a trend :-) - two in one week is pretty nifty. Good
will is a precious thing.

@_date: 1996-02-23 10:24:54
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Analysis wanted 
If anyone is interested in helping out the gentleman quoted below by
ruthlessly savaging :-) his algorithm and assumptions, would you please
e-mail me so I can hook you up with him? (He decided not to post to the list
directly to avoid the usual signal-to-noise problems. Can't blame him. But I
offered to forward along relevant info and queries.)

@_date: 1996-02-24 07:05:15
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailers, Feb 
I've just finished my monthly round of type I remailer testing. This test
doesn't include remailers announced after I started; they'll be inclued next
month. (Also coming in March will be tests of at least one other nym server.)
As in January, I sent posts from my PPP account here (at Aracnet, this time,
rather than Teleport) through a given remailer to an account at alpha.c2.org,
then back through the remailer to me. This is, by design, a very different
sort of test than remailer pinging and the like; in the number of hops and
chances for things to go wrong, I think it reflects actual usage much more
Trip time is the interval from being posted to mail.aracnet.com to arriving
in my mailbox there. All times are given in hours:minutes. Posts were made at
all times of day. Unsurprisingly, those made late at night (particularly in
the midnight-to-6 am range) returned most quickly.
I've included the January figures for comparison persons. I remain curious
about the differences and eager to find an explanation.
REMAILER                        FAILURES    AVERAGE     MINIMUM     MAXIMUM
hfinney at shell.portal.com
    February                    00          00:45       00:35       01:00
    January                     00          00:08       00:02       00:38
hal at alumni.caltech.edu
    February                    00          00:46       00:35       01:00
    January                     00          00:09       00:06       00:12
homer at rahul.net
    February                    00          00:50       00:37       01:08
    January                     00          00:06       00:03       00:14
remailer at utopia.hacktic.nl
    February                    00          01:10       00:47       02:03
    January                     00          00:19       00:03       01:20
remailer at tjava.com
    February                    00          001:47      00:26       05:26
    January                                 not tested
mix at zifi.genetics.utah.edu
    February                    00          01:56       00:31       03:35
    January                                 not tested
remailer at replay.com
    February                    00          03:00       00:51       07:45
    January                     01          00:31       00:13       01:14
remailer at mockingbird.alias.net
    February                    00          03:29       00:56       06:35
    January                                 not tested
mixmaster at vishnu.alias.net
    February                    00          04:29       00:40       11:27
    January                     00          00:56       00:23       02:38
mix at remail.gondolin.org
    February                    00          06:30       00:40       12:52
    January                     08          11:37       03:58       18:36
mixmaster at remailer.obscura.com
    February                    00          06:53       00:55       13:25
    January                     00          02:36      00:23        06:55
remailer at extropia.wimsey.com
    February                    00          09:15       01:35       23:50
    January                     08          01:46       01:19       02:13
amnesia at chardos.connix.com
    February                    10
    January                     10
pamphlet at idiom.com
    February                    10
    January                                 not tested
remail at c2.org
    February                    10
    January                     02          00:52       00:14       03:00
remailer at bi-node.zerberus.de
    February                    10
    January                     00          07:43       00:15       19:54
Mailers reported as down with no expectation of returning:
    hroller at c2.org
    remailer at armadillo.com
Mailers reported as down with some expectation of returning:
    remailer at valhalla.phoenix.net / wmono at spook.alias.net
I'd particularly like to thank the remailer operations who (mostly in private
mail) answered a number of questions of mine.

@_date: 1996-02-24 08:17:56
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailers, Feb 
At 11:07 PM 2/22/96 -0500, Bryan Strawser Thank you, Bryan! This is _precisely_ the kind of info I'm interested in.
Makes sense. And I don't particularly care about variability as long as I
have a sense of the boundaries. Which my tests define for me. :-)

@_date: 1996-01-31 08:57:50
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Reply Blocks and Nyms: newbie question 
I'm almost certainly going to be changing my address in the next few
weeks. I'd like to keep the same nym account. Can someone take a stab
at explaining how to feed the relevant info to C2?

@_date: 1996-07-15 08:09:28
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: My impending death 
Since Vulis decided to drag in a disagreement from elsewhere, I have a brief
He says I'm going to die in the next few months. My birthday is in October.
So on my birthday in 1997, I'm going to have a party. All present will be
invited to petition Vulis for more oracular pronouncements about the fate of
past and present posters to Cypherpunks.
In the meantime, I give thanks to the God of Killfiling, and fire mine up.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-06-04 08:06:58
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: PGP's ubiquity (was Re: NRC Session Hiss) 
Much, much less than that. I get about five hundred messages a day. On the
average day, none of them are PGP-encrypted. On the average _week_, none of
them are PGP-encrypted. And by virtue of having a PGP key signed and on the
servers, I'm better prepared to send and receive such mail than at least
99.9% of the net.population.
True, and important. In one sense it doesn't matter how good a security system is if a manageable
set of people are the only ones using it. There are only a few thousand IDs
in the key servers, and vast majority of those, I'd guess, are like me in
not using PGP routinely. But even if we were, the institutions of the State
have experience in the long-term surveillance of groups quite a bit larger
than us.
This is where I think some forms of cyber-elitism fail. So I've got access
to darned good tools. The State has numbers and resources, and memes about
how the masses do right when they acquiesce, on its side. We are not, I think, particularly secure in an environment where the very
fact of using secure tools stands out from the herd. But what the herd needs
are good tools with good simple front ends, and a) those who design the
tools generally don't care about the herd and so do nothing to get outside
the crypto ghetto and b) those in a position to design the front ends
generally have more immediately rewarding things to do or don't know about
the tools themselves.
Five years ago I was quite optimistic about strong security as an important
element in bringing about the post-statist society I desire. Now I'm
pessimistic. I just don't see signs of the stuff spreading sufficiently. And
while S/MIME has interesting features (based on what I've read so far), the
default 40-bit setup is basically no protection at all. And I know just how
hard it is to get people comfortable using non-default features.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-06-04 08:39:13
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Why PGP isn't so ubiquitous (was NRC Session Hiss) 
I have a growing feeling that PGP 3 is never going to happen. Or that if it
does, it will happen only after the passage of more draconian anti-privacy
laws, and the guys working on it will be forced to include sundry backdoor
stuff or drop it altogether.
I suspect someone could do quite nicely by going ahead and developing a
2.6.2 or 2.6.3 DLL.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-06-05 17:55:52
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
I think there's a non-trivial chance that this list could be shut down and
anyone who's made interested sounds in the idea brought in to assist the
police in their inquiries.
Damage control will probably be a doomed cause. The media will end up with
selected quotes advocating crypto-anarchy and speaking in a disparaging tone
of those heroic men and women who keep nuts like us reined in, and the only
people who will hear a balanced account will be those who are already wholly
or partially immune to the propaganda mills.
Did I mention I've been feeling pessimistic about a bunch of this stuff lately?
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-06-06 19:40:18
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS 
Do I really have to point out that London was writing the better part of a
century ago, in a substantially different legal and cultural environment?
(Heck, his socialism made more trouble for him than anything else.)
And they, of course, are The Government, who Protect Us from the Evil
Terrorists. Ditto for the heroic BATF agents who only burn bad nasty
terrorists, honest. And all the rest.
The rest of us (in the US) live in a country where the government can now
pretty much declare anyone they like terrorists, and suspend habeus corpus
on the flimsiest of grounds, and use evidence against foreigners that
doesn't have to be presented to the accused, and all sorts of fun stuff.
Hence my concern.
I don't think that my direst claims _will_ come true. But I don't think I'm
speculating anything that _can't_ happen, and I see much of it as
increasingly likely in the light of the ongoing furor over crypto and
related matters.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-06-06 19:41:32
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Zimmerman/ViaCrypt? 
Has there been any news recently about what's going on with commercial
versions of PGP? I've been toying with the idea of buying the Windows
version from ViaCrypt just to have a PGP that doesn't need to shell out to
DOS each time it runs, but I'm curious as to where, if anywhere, things seem
to be going.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-06-06 21:42:49
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
Fascism has no intrinsic link to genocide. It is a theory of economics,
basically, in which the state has ultimate authority over production and
distribution without (as in socialism) actually _owning_ the means of
production or distribution. This is generally accomplished through
cartelization, the creatin of industry-wide councils in which the
representatives of the most powerful firms set policy in conjunction with
the representatives of the government.
The US has been at least moderately fascist since the 1920s (Hoover was a
big fan of cartelization, and pushed it actively). While the mechanisms of
the modern regulatory state aren't those of classic fascist theory, in
practice most strongly regulated industries in this country operate
_exactly_ the way fascist theory says they should.
And various of Clinton's policies have, in fact, been fascist in this sense.
The man has no doctrinal commitment to fascism (under that name or any
other), but in practical terms virtually all modern Western politics are
either fascist or socialist.
None of this is secret lore, by the way.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-06-07 11:37:02
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Kook of the Month 
Cypherpunks don't just write code, they engage in petty vote fraud!
Newsgroups: alt.usenet.kooks,news.admin.net-abuse.misc
Organization: Castle Wetware's Western Keep
Lines: 112
NNTP-Posting-Host: news.wetware.com

@_date: 1996-06-15 18:57:39
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Comments on MicroPayments and the Web 
Just like commercial crypto, servers, news clients, and the like are all
superior to the free versions?
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-06-16 03:44:29
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Comments on MicroPayments and the Web 
This is true enough.
On the other hand, it's true that money by itself is not (in my experience)
the deciding factor on the quality of a service provider. I moved some
months ago from the biggest ISP in town to one with a much smaller resource
base but greatly superior service in the areas that mattered to me (fast
news, reliable mail, etc). The guy in charge is making better use of what
he's got.
On the gripping hand, if my current provider had the other provider's bucks,
things could _really_ fly.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-03-04 03:42:52
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Mainstreaming PGP on Usenet 
I'm surprised nobody has brought this up before....
                     FIRST CALL FOR VOTES (of 2)
            moderated group soc.culture.russian.moderated
6. Individuals in the database of known readers may post freely to
the group, subject to the conditions in sections 1-4 above.  If need
arises, the robomoderator may perform PGP verification of the
identity of the known reader and, if the reader requests so,
automatically reject all the submissions from the reader without
a valid PGP signature.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-19 08:45:37
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailers vs Nyms - conflicting assumptions? 
I've been enjoying the discussion of "disposable" remailers, but I note a
problem. If this has been addressed before, well, now it's being noted again.
In my (admittedly limited) experience with nym servers, the reply path is
fixed - it goes through specified hops. This creates A Problem when any one
of the remailers involved goes down. There's no way for the mail to get
through. There's not even a way for the nym holder to verify that there is a
site down, as opposed to some more transitory problem, without information
from an external source.
This seems to me a fairly serious weakness, given prevailing governmental
What would it take to create a nym server that could route around the death
or disability of any given mailer?
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-19 18:13:22
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
While I hate to lend support to anyone as much a twit as Vulis is, he's got
a point here. I don't think most cypherpunks realize how anonymity is
perceived out in the net at large.
Take news.groups, a fairly important group I happen to read regularly. With
the exception of Rich Graves' presence, _all_ the uses I see there are for
cowardly abuse in a way that lets the poster escape having to answer for his
views. I'm not talking about presenting important information where
wrong-headed authorities could engage in reprisals, either, but baseless
accusations of theft, child abuse, and just plain torrents of obscenity.
That's _all_ it's used for (again, with the exception of Rich).
There's a problem here. It's one thing to say that the benefits of anonymity
outweigh the problems. I'm inclined to that view myself. But it's much
harder to defend that view in a forum where anonymity is used so commonly
for problematic ends, and to offer anything in the way of constructive
solutions. It would be pleasing to see more cypherpunks actively dealing
with these problems out there in net.land.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-20 08:41:34
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Remailers vs Nyms - conflicting assumptions? 
Certainly refreshing it every few weeks/months is a good idea anyway. It's
just that I (at least) seem to have this remarkable knack for having
important mail try to get me immediately after a nym server goes down and
before I get the news. That's happened to me three times in the last year.
Refreshing deals with the long-term problem, but not with the short-term
one. Maybe I need to settle for a higher level of mail loss than I'm
comfortable with, but precisely because I'm not comfortable with it, I do
remain interested in alternatives.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-22 06:29:48
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
On the whole, I like it. The problem comes when someone is trying
communicate anonymously with some other person who doesn't have a clue about
the whole thing. It would be neat to have soem way of generating a message
to the effect "Someone is trying to communicate anonymously with you. [short
explanation of good and bad uses of anonymity] If you would like to receive
this message, [instructions about permitting]"
Unfortunately, I don't know how one could separate those messages from all
the rest of the traffic.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-23 08:34:06
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
Probably not. Does it really matter how many times I tell you "I'm not being
a jerk" if everything I send you is in fact jerky? (FBI and "this is not an
assault", anyone?)
Pointing people at legitimate uses of anonymity, as various folks have
suggested, is undoubtedly a good idea. Would anyone care to suggest a few
newsgroups where the vast majority of anonymous posts have really good
reasons for being so?
In cases where there's been serious abuse of remailers that's been caught
and dealt with, some PR on the part of remailer operators might go a long
way toward helping things. "Yes, this person was doing loathsome things, but
we put a stop to it [insert details here."
Ditto. Likewise, I liked the instance last year of a student applying for
the mail logs of the local (state?) government. It is Good for rulers to
feel the same weight of the rules they impose on others.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-24 07:07:27
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: The Crisis with Remailers 
Now _there_ is a good point, well-known to the sort of people I'm concerned
about presenting good advocacy to. Thanks!
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-25 22:59:55
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Children's Privacy Act 
I don't see that this is necessarily true for information any more than it
is property. Property can be bought, sold, traded, given away, made...but it
can also be stolen. Just as I have a right to complain if you walk off with
my couch without my permission, so if you walk off with data on my blood
chemistry or credit history without my permission.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:37:46
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Children's Privacy Act 
Righ. But in addition to the forcible acquisition of information, there's
the unwitting acquisition - you are never informed that party A has
transmitted information X to party B, who in turn passed it to C, who
garbled it and then passed the erroneous info to D....
I'm a raving anarcho-capitalist, and I see not the slightest ethical problem
in requiring people to tell me what information they're gathering on me. At
that point I can make an informed decision to deal or not deal with them -
and that's a complex decision. I might well prefer to do business with, say,
Tim's House O' Stuff even though it's collecting more info than I'd prefer,
if there are compensatory factors. But I can't weigh my options in a void.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-27 11:00:51
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Children's Privacy Act 
could file a suit affect you Thanks to existing laws, almost certainly not. If they satisfy the
government, credit agencies don't have to worry much about what harm they
might do to individuals.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-28 19:05:33
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Philosophy of information ownership [ Re: Children's Privacy Act ] 
Watch and act. This doesn't bother me.
What specifically bothers me is the reselling of information that I chose to
reveal for a specific transaction, most especially when I did so with an
assumption of privacy. I'm happy to provide businesses with the info they
need to see that I'm not going to stiff them on a sale. I am _very_ unhappy
that some of them then turn around and sell that info to others, and doubly
so when what gets passed on is wrong.
What I've lost here is privacy, something which does have monetary value to me.
[example of info gleanable by my reading/posting to Cypherpunks and other
sources out there for the world to see]
Things like that don't bother me, either. If I really didn't want to be
associated with Cypherpunks that way, I could do things to protect my identity.
On the other hand, say I sign up for a mailing list that charges a
subscription fee, like Extropians. I would feel no ground for complaint if
someone markets a list of Extropian subscribers - but I'd feel much ground
for complaint if I learned the list owner were selling credit histories
gathered during the subscription process. (Unless, of course, I assent to a
clause to the effect that the list owner can do anything he wants with my
credit info, as opposed to the specific purpose of getting payment for the
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-29 08:59:33
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Philosophy of information ownership 
Agreed. The more that can be explicitly spelled out about these matters, the
A separate problem arises when the government compels the disclosure of
information for one purpose - getting a driver's license, say - and then
turns around and sells it to others. It's much harder to either negotiate a
new contract or go to a competitor when the other party is a government.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-29 09:05:04
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Philosophy of information ownership 
In many cases, sure it is. I can't see how giving you the information to
establish that I can pay a bill I owe you should be in any sense treated as
a license do anything else with that info. A great many transactions are
finite, and ought not have lingering implications or side deals dangling off
the end.
In the long run, this is where anonymous payments come in. In the meantime,
I muddle on as best I can.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com

@_date: 1996-05-29 14:19:06
@_author: Bruce Baugh 
@_subject: Philosophy of information ownership 
I'm in complete agreement here, and I'm willing to drop the thread here - I
don't think I have much else to add.
Bruce Baugh
bruce at aracnet.com
