
@_date: 1998-09-16 09:55:56
@_author: bset4life@bigfoot.com 
@_subject: BEST THING GOING 
THIS IS NOT SPAM! You are on our mailing list because you have subscribed at one of our associate web sites,sent us email or we have a previous online relationship.
To be removed from future mailings mailto:database9898 at hotmail.com                                  This is it folks.
             This is the letter you've been reading about in the news lately
   Due to the popularity of this letter on the Internet, a major nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of the program described below , to see if it really can make people money.  If you saw it, you know that their conclusion was ,that while most people did not make the $55,000, as discussed in the plan, EVERYONE who followed the instructions was able to make 100 to 160 times their money at the VERY LEAST . The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal.  Their findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the program.
This is one of the most exciting opportunities with the MOST income potential on the internet today!" --48 Hours..
Hi, my name is Fred. After I saw this letter aired on the news program,I decided to get some of my skeptical questions answered.
Does it really work? Until I try it, I can only go on the testimony of people I don't know,so I will only know if I try it. I've never done this type of thing, but I decided
it was time to try something. If I keep doing what I am doing I'll keep getting what I've got.  Besides, people 70 years old have been surveyed and they will consistently say
that the 2 regrets they have of there lives are;
they wish they had spent more time with their families and
they wish they had taken more chances.
Upon hearing this again,and hearing what the MEDIA said about it, I decided that at 34, I was going to take a small chance and see what would come of it.
Is it legal? - Yes, (Refer to title 18, Section 1302 & 1342 of the U.S. Postal and Lottery Laws)
This opportunity isn't much of a risk and could turn out to actually be a bit of fun.
Bottom Line;
The risk is only $20 and time on the Internet.
The following is a copy of the letter that the media was referring to:
MONEY-MAKING PHENOMENON.
PRINT this letter, READ the directions, THEN READ IT AGAIN !!!
You are about to embark on the most profitable and unique program you may ever see.  Many times over, it has demonstrated and proven its ability to generate large amounts of   This program is showing fantastic appeal with a huge and ever-growing on-line population desirous of additional income.
This is a legitimate, LEGAL, money-making opportunity.  It does not require you to come in personal contact with people, do any hard work, and best of all,    you never have to leave the house, except to get the mail and go to the bank!
This truly is that lucky break you've been waiting for!  Simply follow the easy instructions in this letter, and your financial dreams can come true!  When followed correctly, this electronic, multi-level marketing program WORKS!
Thousands of people have used this program to:              -  Raise capital to start their own business
      -  Pay off debts
      -  Buy homes, cars, etc.,
      -  Even retire!
This is your chance, Don't pass it up!
