
@_date: 2000-12-19 18:38:30
@_author: budget2beat@yahoo.com 
@_subject: THIS MAY BE YOUR LAST CHANCE FOR SUCCESS 
A growing segment of the American population is looking for an opportunity to quit their present job and start a successful business right out of their home.  Frustrated with incompetent leadership, red tape, and unreasonable demands; people are looking for a real opportunity to generate an income that more appropriately reflects their level of talent and skill.  Chances are, this may describe you.  If so, we want to help.
If you've tried other opportunities and failed, don't give up now!  It's not what you know, but who you know!  We've got the connections you need to succeed!  Take a look at the greatest opportunity around!
SAVE MORE - More for your dollar, means more dollars for you!
EARN MORE - More dollars, means more of what you want out of life!
GET EXCITED - Your attitude is contagious, so just tell everyone why you're excited!
And best of all you're not alone!  You'll find all the support you need!  Our plan is supported by a debt-free corporation, a proven and effective marketing plan, and expert training seminars.  Part-time, full-time, or 24 hours a day:  How you do business is your business! You're the Boss!
But what about benefits?   Has your employer ever given you two thousand bucks off a new car?  Did they save you 40 percent off your last jewelry purchase?  Did they save you 60 percent off your last furniture purchase?  Does their vision plan save you 40 percent on any selection of frames and lenses or are your selections limited?  And just how much are they saving you on health insurance?  Not enough! Check out this grand opportunity TODAY!  It may be your last real chance for success by saving more, earning more, and having something wonderful to get excited about!  It'll only take a moment.  So look into your financial future at  and get started on your road to success TODAY!
This ad is sent in compliance with the most current law and acceptable practices concerning unsolicited bulk email.  Further transmissions of this email to you by the sender may be stopped at no cost to you by sending a reply to this email address with the word "REMOVE" in the subject line.
