
@_date: 2007-09-22 08:10:32
@_author: Randy Burge 
@_subject: Lawmaker Probes TSA Website Gaffe 
Lawmaker Probes TSA Website Gaffe
Ryan Singel 02.23.07 | 12:00 PM
A powerful congressional committee is investigating a Transportation  Security Administration website that promised to help air travelers  caught up in terrorist watch lists, after a Wired News blog revealed  that the site was potentially exposing user's personal information to  The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform asked the TSA  on Friday to turn over documents related to the Traveler Verification  Identity Program website to determine how the site was designed, and  whether government security and privacy regulations were violated.
That site was intended to allow domestic airline travelers whose  names are similar to entries on the government's No Fly List and  other watchlists to submit a complaint online, instead of calling TSA  and requesting a form be sent to them by mail.
However, the site was full of misspellings and nonsensical  directions, and asked travelers to provide sensitive personal  information on an unencrypted page. Travelers in an airport using a  wireless connection would be at risk of having their personal  information stolen and used to commit identity fraud.
Additionally, the site, which was entered from a link on the TSA's  main website, was hosted on the website of Desyne.com, a web design  company that has a P.O. Box as its contact information -- adding to  the impression it was not a legitimate government site.
Committee chairman Rep. Henry Waxman (D-California) told TSA in his  letter (.pdf) that the "overall appearance of the site was so poor  that web experts first assumed it was a so-called 'phishing' site, a  site internet hackers had created to look like a TSA website page."
Waxman also asked the agency to turn over by March 9 documents  regarding Desyne, communications about security with that company,  and the period of time that the site was running without encryption.
Despite appearances, TSA spokesman Christopher White assured Wired  News last week that the site was not part of a phishing attack.
"We take IT responsibilities seriously. There was never a  vulnerability; just a small glitch," White said.
The Traveler Verification Identity Program site was taken down last  Friday. It was replaced this week by a completely different webpage  offering the same service, but now called the Travel Redress Inquiry  Program, or TRIP.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
