
@_date: 2002-01-08 20:37:52
@_author: bushy_george997777@altavista.com 
@_subject: Increase Your Performance! 
Jumpstart sexual desire in both Men and Women, to the point that you never thought possible.
Finally, there is "A Dream Come True Product" that over 100 Million people have been waiting for!!
"I've had fantastic sex, but this stuff made me feel like I
had rockets shooting out everywhere . . . rockets!!! "
B.J. CA MEN - easily achieve Naturally Triggered erections, like you are 18 all over again!
To Order Visit
WOMEN - will pump with naturally flowing juices from the start and will achieve the most intense orgasms of their lives! Together the Raging Mix is enough to drive any couple of any age into a sexual frenzy for hours on end! Perform better now with 100% Herbal Sensation. It's the first and the best! 100% HerbalSensation
 is a safe and natural alternative to Viagra that everyone is trying to duplicate.
Its an all natural relationship enhancer (via sex)! Men remember those youthful days when all an attractive girl had to do was come close and you would erupt into a steel pole erections! (Depending on where you were it could have been embarrassing!) This formula helps you with naturally triggered erections, not artificially triggered like Viagra.
Women remember when those romantic and hot sensual thoughts filled your mind? All you needed was a man to take care of business. The formula for women puts you back in action. It turns up the heat, and gets your juices stirring! One formula for MEN and another for WOMEN! 100% Herbal Sensation allows SEX to take place! But not only SEX, GREAT SEX! Order now -
Guaranteed to work or your money back. If you are not completely satisfied with 100% Herbal Sensation), return the unused bottle within 30 days and receive a full refund for the product. To Order Visit
Visit our site for removal from future mailings
If you do not wish to see this message in the future, please reply with the subject line "remove". Thank you.
