
@_date: 1995-02-13 16:19:24
@_author: Ben Wern 
@_subject: Excel 5 Encryption 
Greetings one and all,
I was wondering if anyone out there has played with or 'broken' Microsloths
encryption, especially in it's Excel from?
The story goes like this: A good friend of mine has an executive who stored
a lot of data in excel, with his own password. He has died, and the
company would very much like to get ahold of that corporate data. Microsoft
has chuckled politely at helping them (they're a rather large company), and
my friend has approached me... I don't have any experience with Microsoft
encryption.. but I know that the likes of WP can be broken, so I was
wondering if something similar to the cracks of that. ANY thoughts, comments, annencdotes, etc, etc. would be greatly appriciated.
I'll post a summary to the list, if you send privatly. Ben Wern
(Hopefully this satisfies enough of the Cypherpunks-related content to avoid
scorch marks... :) )
bwern at jax.jaxnet.com
bwern at pathtech.com bwern at unf6.cis.unf.edu
PGP Key Available by Request! PGP mail gets preferred treatment!
Ask for it by name!

@_date: 1995-09-29 11:02:11
@_author: Ben Wern 
@_subject: HP Lobbies for Exportable Crypto 
HP LOBBIES FOR EXPORTABLE ENCRYPTION PLAN
Hewlett-Packard has developed an encryption strategy with the French
company Gemplus SCA that they're hoping will pass the tough scrutiny of
U.S. export controllers.  The plan takes a two-pronged approach -- an
"encryption engine" that works in conjunction with a code-making formula
that can be adjusted to any level deemed acceptable by the U.S. government,
and a policy card that would be reviewed on a case-by-case basis by the
State Department. The flexible system is designed to adapt to changing
government policies, and could even accommodate a key escrow system like the
Clipper chip. "There was a lot of skepticism when HP first proposed it.  But
it looks to me that they are well on the way to the next step," says a
former encryption specialist at the National Institute of Standards and
Technology.  (Wall Street Journal 27 Sep 95 B7)
Ben Wern
bwern at jaxnet.com | bwern at pathtech.com | bwern at unf.edu
                            SAY NO TO TALKING COWS!
     -------------------------------------------------------------------------
      "We are more than the sum of our knowledge, we are
                       the products of our imagination."
