
@_date: 2000-11-09 15:37:54
@_author: Robert Huddleston 
@_subject: No subject 
believer at telepath.com)
Ether Zone
UTOPIAN WOLVES OUT NUMBER THE SHEEP
REPUBLICANS CAN'T WIN THIS WAR
By: Carole Ward
  Pity the Republicans. I heard conservative Robert Novak grouse that Al
Gore's poll numbers don't mean Democrats are succeeding, but that
Republicans are failing. Not true Bob. You are just out numbered. Democracy
has finally delivered the death blow to republican government. Somebody
once said democracy is the honeymoon of stupidity.
What a great line.
I have predicted a renaissance of Utopianism as boomers begin to think
about old age. Retiring boomers will demand nothing less than
meals-on-wheels -delivered to their RV parks in Costa Rica as part of their
Medicare+accounts. Free drugs and med-evac, delivered anywhere, any
continent, anytime to any mountain. High grade hemp will be reclassified
and distributed for achy muscles or menopause.
Conservatives, by definition cannot win this war. It's not Dubya's fault,
really. The utopian police state has a new allure for aging boomers. When
you add these particularly solipsistic and venal breed of parasites to the
existing pool, you have a nasty brew. And it feeds on liberty.
This election is an auction - and Al Gore may just win it. I wince when I
hear Limbaugh, Medved, Coulter and company, trying to intellectualize the
"mood of the country" --shaking their heads, asking where they went wrong
with women. That's a no brainer. Just tell women you'll give them free day
care, healthcare, and underwrite their poor choices with somebody elses
money. They deserve it, and you're gonna give it to em.
Truth can only hurt you. Silly Gopers criticize each other on principle
when they differ, believing they can appeal to our higher natures. --sort
of like Depok Chopra without the shakedown for tapes, books and T Shirts.
But Democrats know politics is not principled. Its organized crime. For 8
years the GOP has been asking, "Where is the outrage"? What outrage?
Democrats don't vote for piety. They don't vote FOR Democrats. They vote
AGAINST Republicans.
Ask any Democrat what he/she thinks of Bill Clinton. Odds are they think
he's a bit of a thug, a caricature of the boozy, lascivious and
irredeemably corrupt southern pol - a thoroughly loathsome character. But
no matter. He's not a Republican. So he's got their vote. Democrats should
rightly be called Anti-Republicans. That's why we couldn't get rid of the
Arkansas Sopranos even after the bodies started piling up, planes went boom
and a statistically improbable number of FOB's committed suicide or fell
out of the sky. ---See, Billy delivers the goods.
I believe we could video tape the entire Clinton cabinet gang raping a
kindergarten class and democrats would caution us that it was illegal to
video tape them without consent.
So how do they do it? How do Democrats enjoy such loyalty from
Well, it's a spoils system in a host/parasite paradigm. Anti-Republicans
want more of what Republicans have, or hate what Republicans are, and will
not conform to conservative expectations for citizens. So when the federal
government steals 1.7 trillion a year from us, dems say --Good!
Footnote: Gays are a special subsection of the anti-republican coalition.
Their singular concern in this battle is legislation insuring their right
to prime-time, drive-by sex, while the transfer of wealth occurs.
So, we have reached critical mass as we tumble toward euro-trash social
democracy. The parasites outnumber the hosts and an IV drip on producers
may not be enough to sate the sheer numbers of 'needy'. And each
beneficiary is clamoring for more. Utopians need to legislate our thoughts
and profile the aberrant among us who still believe in the privacy of
thoughts, sex, and property.
So who are we up against?
1. Government workers. That includes teachers. These little blood-suckers
multiply like roaches and don't like compensation tied to performance or
tenure. They succeed only at our expense. [fiercely Anti-Republican street
2. Unions. ---see above without the breeding capacity from government
funding. --but hey, anything's possible.
3. Women. ---Unfortunately they see government as surrogate parent and
husband. I've always said women are natural socialists. They have been
trading away liberty for promises of security since we jumped out of the
trees. They will vote police state utopia every time, if they think it will
be easier for them. I would gladly give up my vote if they were banished as
a group from electoral politics. What was Jack Nicholson's great line when
asked the difference between a man and a woman? --"Take away logic and
accountability," he said with signature smirk.
3. Blacks and Latinos --Too many are addicted to the drip system. Add a
desire for open borders so their friends and relatives can share the
spoils. [these are traditional Anti-Republicans who equate a brown man
voting Republican with chickens voting Colonel Saunders.]
4. Trial Lawyers. --they feed on the conflict between warring parasites. A
utopian police state guarantees that everyone is guilty of something,
sometime. It's a bonanza for defense attorneys and prosecutors as well.
5. Gays. --they cling to dems, the only ones who understand their pain.
["Heterosexuals probe each other's body parts on prime time TV. Why can't
Depressed readers, there is an upside to this --really.
This grumpy libertarian offers that we need MORE socialism and MORE utopian
blather, not less, if we're going to have the knock-down-drag-out necessary
to regain the soul of our Jeffersonian Republic. It's the drip drip drip of
Utopianism in the first half of this century that left us in this
hazy-semi-conscious-lock-step, each time gubmint says "pay up" or else.
Why not say "Bring it on mutha!" Bring it all on - all of it. Utopians in
all three branches of government. Confiscate the guns. Photo cop in every
intersection. Breathalyzer and retina scans at freeway ramps. 70% death tax
[just to churn the economy for the benefit of the "needy".] Cradle to grave
healthcare will endure only until somebody discovers that certain
"behaviors" mean higher "costs". Utopians may be surprisingly niggardly
with public dollars when exponential demand by the "unfit", "imperfect",
and "unhealthy", drain the treasury of discretionary dollars which could be
used to rescue aging rock climbers and provide necessary paths for bicycle
riding city dwellers.
 We will make them hate each other as much as they hate us.
But wait, you say, we can't do this. It means the end of life as we know
it. Utopia requires a police state. And a police state ends constitutional
government. Constitutional government has already been reduced to what the
meaning of is - is. It's whatever they say it is so long as they deliver
the goods.
Election 2000 can only be described as 2 wolves and a sheep voting on what
to have for dinner. So whaddya think is cookin?
Carole Ward writes from Santa Fe and is a frequent contributor to Ether Zone.
Carole Ward can be reached at wardcarole at email.msn.com
 Published in the November 16, 2000 issue of Ether Zone.
 Copyright � 2000 Ether Zone. (
 Reposting permitted with this message intact.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-11-27 19:29:40
@_author: Robert Huddleston 
@_subject: No subject 
believer at telepath.com)
Gun Control Victories
ECHELON (NSA) in Windows
Technology News NSA Builds Security Access Into Windows
A careless mistake (what a crock my comment) by Microsoft programmers has
shown that special access codes for use by the U.S. National Security
Agency (NSA) have been secretly built into all versions of the Windows
operating system. Computer-security specialists have been aware for two
years that unusual features are contained inside a standard Windows driver
used for security and encryption functions. The driver, called ADVAPI.DLL,
enables and controls a range of security functions including the Microsoft
Cryptographic API (MS-CAPI). In particular, it authenticates modules signed
by Microsoft, letting them run without user intervention.
At last year's Crypto 98 conference, British cryptography specialist Nicko
van Someren said he had disassembled the driver and found it contained two
different keys. One was used by Microsoft to control the cryptographic
functions enabled in Windows, in compliance with U.S. export regulations.
But the reason for building in a second key, or who owned it, remained a
mystery. Now, a North Carolina security company has come up with conclusive
evidence the second key belongs to the NSA. Like van Someren, Andrew
Fernandes, chief scientist with Cryptonym of Morrisville, North Carolina,
had been probing the presence and significance of the two keys. Then he
checked the latest Service Pack release for Windows NT4, Service Pack 5. He
found Microsoft's developers had failed to remove or "strip" the debugging
symbols used to test this software before they released it. Inside the code
were the labels for the two keys. One was called "KEY." The other was
called "NSAKEY."
Fernandes reported his re-discovery of the two CAPI keys, and their secret
meaning, to the "Advances in Cryptology, Crypto'99" conference held in
Santa Barbara. According to those present at the conference, Windows
developers attending the conference did not deny the "NSA" key was built
into their software. But they refused to talk about what the key did, or
why it had been put there without users' knowledge. But according to two
witnesses attending the conference, even Microsoft's top crypto programmers
were stunned to learn that the version of ADVAPI.DLL shipping with Windows
2000 contains not two, but three keys. Brian LaMachia, head of CAPI
development at Microsoft was "stunned" to learn of these discoveries, by
This discovery, by van Someren, was based on advance search methods which
test and report on the "entropy" of programming code. Within Microsoft,
access to Windows source code is said to be highly compartmentalized,
making it easy for modifications to be inserted without the knowledge of
even the respective product managers. No researchers have yet discovered a
programming module which signs itself with the NSA key. Researchers are
divided about whether it might be intended to let U.S. government users of
Windows run classified cryptosystems on their machines or whether it is
intended to open up anyone's and everyone's Windows computer to
intelligence gathering techniques deployed by the NSA's burgeoning corps of
"information warriors."
According to Fernandes of Cryptonym, the result of having the secret key
inside your Windows operating system "is that it is tremendously easier for
the NSA to load unauthorized security services on all copies of Microsoft
Windows, and once these security services are loaded, they can effectively
compromise your entire operating system". The NSA key is contained inside
all versions of Windows from Windows 95 OSR2 onward. "For non-American IT
managers relying on WinNT to operate highly secure data centers, this find
is worrying," he added. "The U.S government is currently making it as
difficult as possible for 'strong' crypto to be used outside of the U.S.
That they have also installed a cryptographic back-door in the world's most
abundant operating system should send a strong message to foreign IT
managers. "How is an IT manager to feel when they learn that in every copy
of Windows sold, Microsoft has installed a 'back door' for the NSA --
making it orders of magnitude easier for the U.S. government to access your
computer?" he said. Van Someren said he felt the primary purpose of the NSA
key might be for legitimate U.S. government use. But he said there cannot
be a legitimate explanation for the third key in Windows 2000 CAPI. "It
looks more fishy," he said on Friday. Fernandes said he believed the NSA's
built-in loophole could be turned round against the snoopers.
The NSA key inside CAPI could be replaced by your own key, and used to sign
cryptographic security modules from overseas or unauthorized third parties,
unapproved by Microsoft or the NSA. This is exactly what the U.S.
government has been trying to prevent. A demonstration "how to do it"
program that replaces the NSA key can be found on Cryptonym's website.
According to one leading U.S. cryptographer, the IT world should be
thankful the subversion of Windows by NSA has come to light before the
arrival of CPUs that handle encrypted instruction sets. These would make
the type of discoveries made this month impossible. "Had the
next-generation CPUs with encrypted instruction sets already been deployed,
we would have never found out about NSAKEY," he said. Related Stories: U.S.
Uses Key Escrow To Steal Secrets Report: U.S. Uses Key Escrow To Steal
Posted (09/03/99, 2:05 p.m. ET) By Duncan Campbell, TechWeb
WANT TO KNOW MORE?
THEN SCROLL DOWN....
BBC News | Sci/Tech | Windows 'back door' security alert
Friday, September 3, 1999 Published at 22:18 GMT 23:18 UK
Windows 'back door' security alert
By Internet Correspondent Chris Nuttall
Cryptographers mark up code for a new key found in Windows
[ Picture ]
Cryptographers are sounding the alarm on a major security issue involving
Microsoft Windows that could eclipse its Hotmail public relations disaster.
The BBC's Kathy Riddell: "This has set alarms bells ringing"
The findings of a computer security expert that America's National Security
Agency (NSA) may have been given a back door into every copy of Windows 95,
98, NT4 and 2000 worldwide are being debated across the Internet.
Microsoft has issued a strong denial of allegations of misuse of a second
encryption "key"
in Windows.
"These are just used to ensure that we're compliant with US export
regulations," said Scott Culp, Microsoft's security manager for its Windows
NT Server software.
"We have not shared the private keys. We do not share our keys."
But cryptographers in the UK described the implications of the findings as
"immense". Windows is installed on more than 90% of the world's computers.
Second key for Windows
Andrew Fernandes, Chief Scientist at the Ontario-based Cryptonym
Corporation, is credited with discovering the identity of a second key used
by Windows for encryption purposes.
The BBC's Chris Nuttall: "Windows is used on 90% of the world's computers"
Caspar Bowden, director of London-based Internet think-tank FIPR, said:
"The allegation is that every copy of Windows contains an extra 'magic
number' which would permit it to work with encryption modules designed by
the US National Security Agency, as well as those approved by Microsoft."
The approval mechanism was introduced to ensure that the weak encryption in
non-US versions of Windows could not be replaced with stronger software
without it being checked against a "key" embedded in Windows, proving that
it had been digitally signed off by Microsoft.
Two years ago, cryptographers found an alternative, and apparently
superfluous, second embedded key. The new details came to light through
debugging information erroneously left in the latest service pack for
Windows NT.
Significantly, the key has the data tag "_NSAKEY" giving rise to
speculation that the NSA persuaded Microsoft to give it special access to
Windows in a secret deal.
Microsoft says it called its function an "NSA key" because the body reviews
technical details for the export of data-scrambling software.
MS talked with NSA
It is known that Microsoft negotiated with the NSA on including encryption
in its product. The export of strong encryption is banned by the Clinton
administration, which fears terrorists and other criminals could turn it
against the US.
There are two theories on why this unnecessary second key is included in
* Conspiracy theorists say the key can be used to infiltrate targeted
computers. It gives the NSA a direct way of doing this without having to
use Microsoft's own key.
* A more charitable theory is that Microsoft allowed the NSA a special key
to secure the thousands of government computers running Windows.
"The innocent explanation is that the US wished to create bespoke
encryption modules for official use on government systems without reference
to Microsoft," said Mr Bowden.
"Ironically, introducing the second key has created a major security
loophole in a mechanism which was designed to enforce US export controls on
strong cryptography."
Microsoft suffered serious embarrassment on Monday when hackers exposed a
simple way of breaking into the mailboxes of more than 40 million users of
its Hotmail e-mail service.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-11-28 09:13:18
@_author: Robert Huddleston 
@_subject: No subject 
believer at telepath.com)
Enter Stage Right
Know your enemy
By Linda A. Prussen-Razzano
Senator Joseph Lieberman, Vice President Al Gore's running mate, publicly
issued allegations that the Republican Party was bussing paid operatives to
Florida for the expressed purpose of intimidating local election officials
into stopping the manual recount. Other Democrat spinmeisters are now
running amok on the airwaves decrying any public displays of Republican
outrage as "dangerous." In effect, this is the Vast Right Wing Conspiracy
revisited, where anyone uncomfortable with Democrat shenanigans is a
vicious partisan; therefore, their indignation is evil in its intent.
Not only is this approach pitiful, it reveals just how little they know
about their "opposition."
The rallies and protests I've seen on the television have all the hallmarks
of a "FReep." FReep is a term coined several years ago by the registered
users at FreeRepublic.com, a political action web-site for conservatives.
The "Sore Loserman 2000" signs now peppering mainstream news casts were not
compiled by the Republican Party. This ingenious phrase was coined by three
registered users, "CPL Baum," "Registered," and "Mass Exodus." [Click here
for the story or here to buy t-shirts]
The now famous "Cops Cheer," heard in the background of Washington
reporter's newscasts, originated in the weekly Washington, D.C. protests
by, yet again, FreeRepublic. On their own time and their own dime, this
loosely knit group of motivated citizens has been holding peaceful protests
across the country for at least two years. If the Republican Party was
actually paying protestors, as Senator Lieberman would have us believe,
then "Angelwood" and several other "Freepers" have considerable back pay
coming to them.
Obviously, it's easier for Senator Lieberman to believe the Republican
Party is bussing people in and paying them to protest; the alternative
means that a genuine ground swell of disgust is now leaving the privacy of
living rooms and spilling into the streets. Senator Lieberman would like to
believe these protestors are simply cheap political hacks, ready to mouth
any slogan for the almighty dollar; the alternative means that average men
and women are using their holiday time to make their voice heard at such a
critical juncture in our nation's history. After taking such a disastrous
hit with their notorious 5-page military memorandum, they can't afford any
more losses in the public relations war and must immediately attempt to
discredit any voice of dissent.
Their response backfired. The buzz is that several otherwise complacent
groups are now active and outraged. Instead of sitting back, watching as
"dimples" are divined while bona fide military ballots are discarded, they
plan to also take to the streets in peaceful, but vocal protest. How many
protestors will it take, Senator Lieberman, before you realize the
Republican Party can't possibly be "paying" them all?
The pinnacle of this debacle was Senator Lieberman's assertion that these
protests were meant to intimidate election board officials. This, from the
campaign that threatened and effected legal action against election board
officials because they weren't following orders? This, from the campaign
that excoriated Secretary of State Harris and maligned Republicans? This,
from the campaign that is actively attempting to influence representatives
to the Electoral College? If the allegation weren't so pathetic, it would
be funny.
Finally, these protestors are not "thugs." They are citizens of the United
States. You presumably want to be our Vice President; that makes you our
servant, not our master. When they, and others like them, peacefully
protest, they are exercising their Constitutionally guaranteed First
Amendment rights; only a fascist would consider this "dangerous."
web posted November 27, 2000
Linda Prussen-Razzano is an advisory board member and frequent contributor
to Rightgrrl and a columnist for the American Partisan.
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-09-27 09:11:35
@_author: Robert Huddleston 
@_subject: No subject 
believer at telepath.com)
WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 27 2000
The secret files of Ron Brown
by Charles Smith
) 2000 WorldNetDaily.com
Wen Ho Lee is charged with removing classified material from a secure area.
Despite Lee's guilty plea to a widely public and much touted case, a former
Clinton appointee connected to Al Gore has admitted to far worse and walked
