
@_date: 1994-12-01 09:28:43
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: New signing service 
Okay, this is a-what *I* am going to do right now.
Today, I'll throw together a mechanism on cypherpunks at hks.net that will
sign all messages coming through it and send them on to cypherpunks at toad.com.
It'll have a key with a 384-bit modulus, included below.
It will not (now) check signatures on incoming mail.  It might in the
To be clear, this is not what I suggested before: I will not be generating
a new key for each message.  This is also not a service that guarantees
the integrity of mail before it reaches here: mail can easily be
forged to this site.
This will guarantee one and only one thing: that a message signed by
this service has been received by cypherpunks at hks.net and forwarded to
cypherpunks at toad.com.  The only thing that this prevents is having mail
forged to a subset of cypherpunks appear as though it went to all
of cypherpunks.
If this is successful I can later go on to attack the signing question,
though I think key management is likely to be a genuine pain in the ass
for that, probably requiring human interaction on a per-key basis.  Also,
when the software works smoothly it could be moved to toad.com.  I think
part of the job of mailing list software is to guarantee the integrity
of the envelope a message: signing all messages is a clear step towards
that goal.
Please send comments to me directly at cactus at hks.net, since I won't
necessarily be catching up on cypherpunks while I'm working on this.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-12-01 16:53:48
@_author: cactus@bb.hks.net 
@_subject: Cypherpunks@hks.net service 
[This message has been signed by an auto-signing service.
 A valid signature means only that it has been received at
 the address belonging to the signature and forwarded.]
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
The cypherpunks at hks.net service is now available.
It will sign any message sent to cypherpunks at hks.net with its (currently
384 bit) key and forward the signed message to cypherpunks at toad.com.
The key for the server is:

@_date: 1994-11-18 15:57:07
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: pointers to IETF drafts 
In article <199411182159.NAA10356 at gwarn.versant.com>,
Oh, please.
You can announce them without sending them out verbatim to the entire
world: established net procedure is to just post a pointer to anything
really huge instead of spamming every mailing list where people might
be interested.
If you want to note why they're interesting, you can explain that with
the pointer and provide a real service: people are unlikely to read
huge volumes unless you have a reputation for sending Really Interesting
Stuff (IE, if Bruce Schneir posted something huge, it'd get read more
than if I posted something huge).

@_date: 1994-11-21 11:53:55
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: Anonymous methods, WRT first shots at CMU 
As a fairly recent alumnus of CMU, I've been paying particular attention to
the CMU sex ban -- especially since several of my friends (and old room-
mates) are the ones who were ordered to implement the ban.
For those who don't know what I'm talking about, the Time (inc) article
is available at:
This is the direction from which I expect anonymous methods of contact
to first gain wide use and, to a much lesser extent, acceptance.
Consider the economic force of sex: we can only benefit from sex being
driven underground.  Peoples' desire for sexually stimulating video
drove the VCR market into existence -- it will also drive the creation
of privacy methods.
Since governments are short on understanding of C-space, we can expect them
to attempt to regulate based purely upon their own rhetoric, ignoring the
realities of C-space.  That will leave us with computer professionals
who will be forced to implement rules they deeply disagree with -- probably
many cypherpunks will be among them.
Therefore, the Tiger-team beta testers of privacy methods are likely to
administrators at schools like CMU who aren't likely to be sympathetic
the goals of their marching orders.
This particular fracture line in our society, between the technologically
elite and the "moralist" power elite, is a god-send.  Thank your nearest
evangelical: better that this issue, considered much more frivolous than,
say, tax evasion, be used to test privacy means.
What does this mean in the short term?  Remailer operators should be aware
that this will be the vector of the soonest attack upon their independence.
Todd Masco     | According to the US dept of Justice Stats, 3.98% of the US
cactus at hks.net | population is in prison, the highest count in the world. We
cactus at bb.com  | live in a police state and are lulled by notions of normalcy.

@_date: 1994-11-21 18:23:35
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: A Chance Encounter with Brad Templeton, of ClariNet 
In article <199411220020.QAA08980 at netcom6.netcom.com>,
This is why GATT bothers me.  Once we have have an alignment of property
laws, particularly IP laws, there's no telling how things will fall.
It's a bad set of failure modes.
Brad's very wrong.  The Senate hearings were very explicit on this
point: Internet providers (as well as people like AOL and Compuserv)
are exempt from DT requirements.

@_date: 1994-11-22 16:38:47
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: DNA solution to Hamiltonian circuit? 
In article ,
Yup.  Anybody who wants a copy, send me mail.  I'll also be putting it
up on the Web once I finish typing it in.

@_date: 1994-11-22 22:28:39
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: DNA Computation paper on Web. 
Adleman's paper can now be found at
 All typos are mine, Todd Masco, cactus at hks.net.  Please send any corrections
 to me.
(I'll be mailing out the Perspectives part tomorrow to anybody who's
 asked.  Since I'm less certain of the copyright issues on that part,
 I'm only going to send that to individuals rather than putting it up
 on the web).

@_date: 1994-11-27 19:52:48
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: Brad Templeton's fears 
Hang in there;  We're setting a service up on hks.net for individuals
for $50/year that will include anon-remailing as a subset of the service.
You'll be able to pick the name (assuming it's not in use) and the
personal name.  I'll announce it here when everything is closer to fruition.

@_date: 1994-11-29 20:07:14
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: Mandatory sig workaround 
So what's the big deal?
Eric sets the list to slow down unsigned posts and somebody else sets up
a remailer that generates a key for each post, signs it, and forwards
it.  Similar workarounds abound for every twist and turn in the policy
until the policy is dead or the rules are too restrictive (IE, only
"human-approved" key signatures are accepted).  A fun game, certainly
(I'll play!), but hardly a productive way to spend time.
It always happens that when hacker A tries to enforce an arbitrary rule
on other hackers, hacker B will find an automatic workaround.

@_date: 1994-11-30 12:36:47
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
In article <199411301931.LAA02490 at netcom8.netcom.com>,
Not true.  The more "social" a list is, the less it is considered
any individual's property.  Don't confuse ownership of the resources
with authority over other people's actions.  In a social list, it
is presumed that the maintainer gets paid in enhancement to reputation
and whatever personal good feelings she gets for serving peers.  A
purely technological list, such as bind or firewalls, is closer to
what you suggest: the maintainer is providing a service and may do
whatever he wishes.  The former involves questions like peer respect and
how one treats one's friends.
In practice, trying to force social peers to do something against their
will generates ill will.  Trying to attribute ownership of a list of
people and addresses is absurd -- let's talk about real actions and
their consequences.
Lists that come to mind are elbows, void, kabuki-west, any of -kin lists,
etc.  On at least 3 of those lists, a list maintainer tried to take
some arbitrary unilateral action and had to later back down because
nobody was willing to put up with such shit.  Most recently it was
where a maintainer decided to drop followups (messages with "Re: " in
the subject or "References:" headers)... some people are still annoyed
at the person who tried it.
It's a little more difficult in the case of c'punks where traffic includes
social, technological interest, and sociological discussions.  It
is certainly not a clear case in my mind:  Eric might be able to
pull it off without pissing too many people off, he might not.  This
discussion is part of what will determine that.
I'll make a prediction: requiring digital signatures will annoy most those people who are independant and don't care to be told that they
should at least ostensibly provide a strong identity/posting mapping.  I
thought that this was one of the common assumptions of this list: that
anonymity as well as pseudonymity was a goal worth achieving.  Requiring
signatures seems several steps backwards.
Of course, in the end people will vote with their feet.  Since the
list membership is available with a mere "who cypherpunks," it's
trivial to set up a "cypherpunks at netcom.com" address, for example,
that has the same membership and no signature policy.  Similarly,
as I suggested last night, such a list address could be set to
automatically sign all posts and people could be encouraged to use
that address since "otherwise their mail will be delayed."  No
mention of digital signatures need be made.

@_date: 1994-11-30 14:42:47
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: Auto-Verifying of Sigs 
In article ,
Now this is a good idea.   In order to successfully spoof a message, you
would have to block delivery of the spoofed message to the proxy checker
or block transmission of the proxy checker agent's warning.
If you're willing to write the code for it, I'm willing to provide the
machine on the Internet for it to run on.  It shouldn't take too much
effort, but I've already got a gazillion different pots in the fire as is
(not the least of which is getting some c'punk services up on hks.net).

@_date: 1994-11-30 16:12:43
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
In article <199412010010.QAA11906 at largo.remailer.net>,
Thank you!  At least I've gotten _something_ out of too many years of
What makes this a difficult issue to call (for me) is that you have
partial authority as an "original founder," a much more persuasive position
than the bureaucratical "list maintainer" status.  So, I retreat to a
(much more comfortable) pragmatist stance that you might be able
to pull it off, you might not.
I'm not (usually) an absolutist: if you decide to do something, I'll deal.
I think the question is not whether you desire liberty and independence
but whether you desire the company of those who value liberty and
independence strongly enough to abandon this forum at the slightest
perceived breach of their autonomy.  This is an altogether different
question that has to do with communicated respect for where other people
draw their own ideological lines.  Tim's come out strongly against the proposal, as has James.  As far
as I can see, Tim's the only one that's raised the stakes to the
ultimatum, "Do it and I leave" (although it's not clear whether he means
the rejection or the slowdown of unsigned posts, and whether he'd instead
decide to use an auto-signing service.  Tim?)
I think that you'll probably be able to pull off some compromise: the
one that I like most is that of an independent agent or two, automatically
checking all signatures and occasionally admonishing those who don't
use them.  The former would even be a valuable tool with far wider
application than cypherpunks, esp. if written such that it could be
used on newsgroups or even over NNTP.
The thing that's particularly alluring about the independent agent idea
is that you don't have to (ab?)use your position as list maintainer to
implement it, thus sidestepping questions from others about whether you
have any sort of responsibility to subscribers and/or authority to decide
or to avoid enforcing how the people known as "cypherpunks" will interact.
It's not clear to me;  I'll have to hack some PGP code to generate one, as
PGP forces a minimum of a 384 bit modulus at key generation time.  I'll
probably see how well it works with a 4 or 5 bit modulus: it'd be nice to
be able to feasably break the key by hand as an exercise, to underscore
the unreliability of the signing agent's signatures.
I actually hadn't been strongly advocating or offering such a service:
this discussion has just tapped into several issues that I've been
interested in for years, especially having to do with the interactions
of technologically powerful peers.
At this point, I don't have much of a strong feeling about signing stuff,
since I've been thinking of setting up some automatic stuff on my private
Amiga UNIX box.  Signing c'punks posts is a pain, though, since I read
news (incl. cypherpunks) on a non-private machine (IE, other people have
accounts on it).
OTOH, it sounds like a fun hack to do and I've been working on automatic
mail agents, so it should be simple at this point.  OTGH, pgp is a bigger
cycle-sucker than I necessary want to have running all the time on our
poor little microVAXen.  If I can get it to deal with smaller keys, then
I'll probably do it soon (what the hell).  Otherwise, I'll have to wait
until my own crypto package (which I described to a deafening silence
months ago) is ready.

@_date: 1994-11-30 16:14:30
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: Authentication at toad.com: WTF? 
In article <199412010019.QAA11912 at largo.remailer.net>,
Sorry, I wasn't implying that you liked the idea: there are others on the list
who've been advocating this.

@_date: 1994-11-30 18:56:00
@_author: L. Todd Masco 
@_subject: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
In article <199412010314.TAA12186 at largo.remailer.net>,
FWIW, my vote would be "autonag" first.
Sure.  I'm not sure the message would get through as you're framing it,
though.  People don't react well to messages that are put too strongly...
a gentle, gradual approach is more likely to get through.  "Cypherpunks
grok the importance of digital signatures" is the message you want to
get through, not "Eric wants to punish people who don't use digital
signatures," no?
Somebody here suggests: "I think he should send everyone who uses digital
signatures a cookie.  A big chocolate chip cookie."  It is understood
that delivery might be a problem.
I can offer habaneros.  It's not clear whether that would be a stick or
a carrot.
