
@_date: 1996-02-17 18:05:34
@_author: Michael E. Carboy 
@_subject: COO_kie 
So, Folks, how does one manipulate the cookie in Netscape so that the user can control what Netscape sees???
Michael E. Carboy
carboy at hooked.net
   2-12-96. FinTim:
   "This bug in your PC is a smart cookie."
      Netscape Navigator contains a little-known wrinkle that
      increases the power of companies to find out who their
      customers are and what they are up to. It allows
      companies to track which Web pages an individual looks
      at, when, for how long, and in what order. The
      information is stored on the customer's computer as
      "persistent client-state hypertext transfer protocol
      cookies".
   2-12-96. WSJ:
   "Consumer Privacy on Internet Goes Public."
      The advertising industry's response to the volatile
      issue of consumer privacy is drawing howls of protest
      from consumer advocates. The battle is over what should
      marketers be allowed to do with personal information
      they gather from consumers visiting Web sites. Marketers
      "want to have dossiers on people with incredible detail
      so they can pick and choose what they send to you."
   "Invention Machine's Software Wins Orders for Picking
   Brains of Inventors."
      A software program is being snapped up by a growing
      number of America's biggest companies to provide
      inventing partners for their engineers. The program
      codifies the invention principles behind some two
      million international patents and the inventive
      techniques of some of the world's greatest inventors.
      Mr. Tsourikov said the product grew out of his early
      studies under Genrich Altshuller, who posited that
      invention isn't a random process but has a certain
      algorithm which drives it.
   COO_kie

@_date: 1996-01-30 15:50:05
@_author: Michael E. Carboy 
@_subject: PGP Shell Integrity 
Greetings All,
Firstly, if this is viewed as "Noise" rather than "Signal", please accept my apologies.
The matter at hand concerns my concern over my inability to check the "integrity" of a PGP windoze shell written by Michael R. Lyman at Aegis Research Corp.
I worry that since the shell has access to my secret ring that it might be sending it somewhere without my knowledge.  The freeware was, according to Mr.Lyman, developed "Project Manager, Forward Air Missile Defense, United States Army Missile Command".  That gvt. affiliation gives me considerable pause as regards back doors and other ways my secret ring and pass phrase could be compromised.
Does anyone have any familiarity with this freeware?  I do not think I am being paranoid.. just careful.  Lastly, if I am not a programmer, what sort of inspection can I perform on the software to make sure it is not "bugged"?
Thanks for your thoughts.... and sorry to have disturbed those who see this post as noise
Kind regards,
Michael E. Carboy
carboy at hooked.net
finger for PGP pub key

@_date: 1996-01-31 08:58:46
@_author: Michael E. Carboy 
@_subject: Cyphercoding Training Wheels?? 
Greetings All,
I have been lurking as a newbie on the cypherpunks mailing list for 'bout one month.  Have ordered Koblitz book on Number Theory and Applied Cryptography.  As I slowly (and probably painfully) learn some number theory, I would like to start coding, particularly as it would related to encrypting and decrypting stuff.  I ask the community's input as to whether I should use visual basic or visual C++ ??? I am using a windoze95 platform.
Any comments would be welcome.. thanks
Michael E. Carboy
carboy at hooked.net
finger for key

@_date: 1996-03-16 07:36:51
@_author: Michael E. Carboy 
@_subject: NOISE: Remailers 
Has anon.penet.fi recently died???  Seems to have not been responding for the past week or so...
Michael E. Carboy
carboy at hooked.net

@_date: 1996-03-29 22:21:48
@_author: Michael E. Carboy 
@_subject: NOISE: Scriveners Attack C-Punks 
Watch out folks... the scriveners are after us!  No doubt in cahoots with teh exonites!
Sent: 	Monday, February 26, 1996 1:32 AM
unsubscrive cypherpunks

@_date: 1996-09-24 01:17:00
@_author: Michael E. Carboy 
@_subject: Snooping ISP admin?? 
Greetings All,
Question for the group:  I have encountered a situation that causes me
to believe an ISP is snoopingthrough encrytped mail.  It seems that
PGP'd mail has aroused the curiosity of an ISP (not hooked.net).. I have
encountered "POP3 account in use by another user" several times in the
past few days and I am the only user... wondering if that "in use"
messsage is the result of a clumsy sysadmin being caught with his hand
in the cookie jar.  Any thoughts from the group???  If those more
knowledgeable than I deem these NOISE... my sincere apologies.
Michael E. Carboy
carboy at hooked.net
carboy at carboy.com
