
@_date: 1995-01-05 23:55:22
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: All I did was properly crosspost! 
I first saw the Dubois Letter in alt.security.pgp the 28th.
PRZ posted it here the next day.
I "crossposted" it to my favorite 10 newsgroups. Just 10.
Some creep complained. (we'll get to him a bit later).
I didn't get a chance to get back on-line for 3 1/2 days.
I was lied to.
I am hurt. My mail has been stolen.
I haven't read any of you for four days now.
My web pages are vulnerable.
Is there somebody who can please help me get my 2 megs of mail?
I can't get at your keys.
 has the cypherpunk
rant links on the page. I'm proud of them, and proud to be on this list.
But to take my account away for crossposting to 10 groups is not right.
I'll be back with a better chronology.
Love Always,
Carol Anne
ps Hope you like (and feel free to use) my new .sig

@_date: 1995-01-06 01:21:47
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: We still don't have the mailbox. 
Thanks Doc. Wrote Phil Dubois, Zimmy's Lawyer. It's something I'll show you
a copy of when I get back to playing "catch-up".
Love Always,
Carol Anne

@_date: 1995-01-06 06:40:49
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: C'punks Economist Fan Club 
This I hope shows I can keep my humor level a bit.
How does "CENSORED.COM" sound?
My original reply is still in suspended composition.

@_date: 1995-01-06 08:18:03
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Sorehand mailing list 
Yes, Michael I might get SOREHAND having to rewrite all my HTML code.
Thanks for the great tip. An ounce of prevention, is worth a pound of cure.
Love Always,
Carol Anne
ps and here's the SOREHAND M/L address in case you trashed it.

@_date: 1995-01-06 08:43:15
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Chain letter bounced (fwd) 
Thanks for the great article....I chuckled a lot, and I haven't had a
lot to chuckle about these days.....
But I still think that as the computer program we trust the most, he deserves
overt support in all phases of of my life. Even though I am dead broke, I could tell my main newsgroups. I wasn't asking or telling. Just informing.
And it was to .1% of all Usenet ....That...is...not...a...lot!
I am sure the real point of your post will come through, but for now I'm kinda clueless.
Love always,
Carol Anne

@_date: 1995-01-06 09:26:14
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Chain letter bounced (fwd) 
Inasmuch as I sent the prior posting the way I did, (as I can only read one
letter at a time), You do not speak for all the cypherpunks, neither do I.
On the time cronology you are the first to complain about the account
closing notice. That doesn't constitute a WE yet.
So please do not send me further personal mail.
I'm glad I'm not so clueless about Stalking Laws in the State of Minnesota.
Now I've go to my free.org account and get my Star-Trib address archive back.
Carol Anne Braddock
signed 1/6/95 11:25 A.M.

@_date: 1995-01-06 09:39:26
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: All I did was properly crosspost! 
His name is Michael Horwath, root at winternet.com

@_date: 1995-01-06 10:03:17
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Your HomePage at winternet.com 
Dear Alex, We have all the web pages. They should be moving to spring.com shortly.
It's kinda sad that they bootleg off my net.web.goodwill, as My pages are
are at the 200+ access count and rising level per day. The Webbittown pages
will remedy this in the not too distant future. (PGP encoded HTML)
They should be down by the end of the day.
Love Always,
Carol Anne

@_date: 1995-01-06 10:14:39
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Guess what I just got In the mail? giggle..giggle 
You, carolann at mm.com, have sent a message that seems to contain yet another
copy of the infamous Make Money Fast chain letter.
If you want to make a complaint, please send just the headers of the
message to admin at anon.penet.fi - albeit as the messages have been blocked
(as you can see), the message probably *didn't* go through anon.penet.fi
but was faked (using NNTP faking or something similar).
If you are trying to *post* the chain letter, please read the following:
By now you should know that the net doesn't find all the waste of
networking resources, time and money this stupid and illegal scam
has caused amusing at all.
I have actually been forced to incorporate an automatic chain letter
detector / bouncer just for this... Here is the appropriate FAQ:
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
This FAQ is for the benefit of those who have never experienced the
advertisement MAKE.MONEY.FAST.  Here are some answers to some questions
frequently asked.
1. Does MAKE.MONEY.FAST really work?
   Not in the sense that you'll make money fast, but you'll make a
   lot of enemies fast.
2. If I forward or repost MAKE.MONEY.FAST, will I get a lot of mail?
   Yes, hate mail, flames, etc.
3. How can I get my account cancelled?
   Post MAKE.MONEY.FAST.
4. How can I get my system administrator mad at me?
   Post MAKE.MONEY.FAST.  His mailbox will be so full of complaints,
   it'll take him/her a week to sort through all of them.
5. Who is Dave Rhodes?
   Salmon Rushdie's roommate.  Just about every administrator wants to
   kill him so he had to go in hiding.
6. How can I assure I have a long and prosperous life?
   Well, nobody can guarantee that, but it can be guaranteed that if
   you post MAKE.MONEY.FAST you're life may be cut short by accident
   (hee hee).
7. Just how does one have to never work again after posting MAKE.MONEY.FAST?
   Well, MAKE.MONEY.FAST is a Ponzi scheme.  Ponzi schemes are illegal.
   Ponzi schemes are a form of fraud.  Some of these net interchanges
   go over telephone wires, optic fibers, and microwave transmissions all
   regulated by the FCC.  If you repost MAKE.MONEY.FAST over the net, and
   someone at the FCC wanted to get nasty, they may want to prosecute you
   for WIRE fraud.
   Once you're in jail, you never have to pay rent, your meals are free.
   Anal injections are free.  MAKE.MONEY.FAST has a lot of side benefits.
8. How can I help to stop the spread of MAKE.MONEY.FAST?
   When some netter newbie blunders and posts MAKE.MONEY.FAST on the net,
   just send him a polite letter to not do it again (remember, the newbies
   act out of ignorance) then write the root at domain and request they inform
   all their users not to perpetuate this drivel.
 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Contents of message follows:
X-Envelope-To: na166182
Received: by anon.penet.fi (5.67/1.35)
Received: from relay2.uu.net(192.48.96.7) by anon.penet.fi via anonsmtp (V1.3mjr)
Received: from toad.com by relay2.UU.NET with SMTP Received: by toad.com id AA06017; Fri, 6 Jan 95 08:43:15 PST
Received: from vortex.mm.com ([204.73.34.1]) by toad.com id AA05996; Fri, 6 Jan 95 08:42:58 PST
Received: from downburst.mm.com (carolann at downburst.mm.com [204.73.34.2]) by vortex.mm.com (8.6.9/8.6.6) with ESMTP id KAA28027; Fri, 6 Jan 1995 10:48:27 -0600
Received: (carolann at localhost) by downburst.mm.com (8.6.9/8.6.6) id KAA13250; Fri, 6 Jan 1995 10:48:16 -0600
Sender: owner-cypherpunks at toad.com
Precedence: bulk
Thanks for the great article....I chuckled a lot, and I haven't had a
lot to chuckle about these days.....
But I still think that as the computer program we trust the most, he deserves
overt support in all phases of of my life. Even though I am dead broke, I could tell my main newsgroups. I wasn't asking or telling. Just informing.
And it was to .1% of all Usenet ....That...is...not...a...lot!
I am sure the real point of your post will come through, but for now I'm kinda clueless.
Love always,
Carol Anne
[icicle.winternet.com] Login name: carolann  			In real life: CarolAnne Braddock
Directory: /usr2/carolann           	Shell: /etc/scripts/tcsh-susp
Last login Thu Jan  5 21:38 on ttyq5 from annex3-1.wintern
New mail received Thu Jan  5 21:16:23 1995;
  unread since Mon Jan  2 13:18:25 1995
This account has been disabled permanently.
Mike Horwath - Admin - Winternet - drechsau at winternet.com

@_date: 1995-01-06 10:57:46
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: your mail 
Is that better...giggle...
Hope you make and hand out some hard copies!
Love Always,
Carol Anne
ps if it was you instead of Zimmy the result
would have been the same, I think.
I'll rant why I'm actually on the list soon

@_date: 1995-01-06 11:03:12
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: There.....Do ya like this one better? 
Signature withdrawn at the request (pretty rightfully so) of my dear friends on the Cypherpunk List. Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM

@_date: 1995-01-06 11:24:21
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: SysAdmin of the year 
Aren't ya glad 94's over with?
He was in a big hole as 95 started.
His machine was being hacked routinely.
Nobody on the Web visited the site.
I just like PGP.
I believe it to be the nicest program anywhere.
It has lots of everyday uses, even you used it.
And when I crosspost a help note to .1% of Usenet,
and lose 4 days of good postings, everyone loses.
Till of course the story is told, for all to know.
Love Always,
Carol Anne
Signature withdrawn at the request (pretty rightfully so) of my dear friends on the Cypherpunk List Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM

@_date: 1995-01-06 11:43:17
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Files and mail 
Dear Mr. Horwath,
A written reply will suffice.
You have my permission to make all of my files world readable.
You can put them in the ftp site.
Upon receipt of notice, they will be removed within 24 hours,
and you will recieve a signed PGP statement with the new key,
stating that the files have been removed. Other Winternet users have
already gone to my defense, and copied all of the world readable
material anyway. And the whole account might as well be, too.
Please do not forward any mail here. You will better serve yourself bouncing the letter back to the sender and informing them of my new
address. If I find forwarded mail in my mailbox, I will print hard
copies and visit the Attorney General's Office and file a complaint
under the Stalking laws of the State of Minnesota.
And please...deactivate my WWW pages. I was astounded to find out
that during the suspension, they continued to remain active, as I
learned in the office Wednesday. That was (and still is) stealing my net.web.goodwill, and creating a falsehood amongst other users.
My WWW Pages have found a nice, new, warm sunny home in Austin, Texas.
I spent six full hours making a personal appearance, at great personal expense, to the Winternet Office to resolve the situation.
My original reply still sits in suspended composition in my mailer. I wasted not a nano-second in preparing my reply to the posting. In legal
point of fact, the poster is violation of Minnesota State Law. He has
no legal jurisdiction whatsoever.
I did not take days to "investigate", nor cite that other things such as
"my machines being hacked" and "I'll do it when I'm ready to do it,".
I was a simple complaint. It had no validity. Crossposting an article to
.1% of the Usenet News Groups does not by the very statistic constitute spam. (And I own two shares of Hormel Corp, so I do know what SPAM (tm) is.
As was pointed out in alt.current-affairs.net-abuse
The complainer didn't fully read said article. It was timely.(and still is)
The crossposting wasn't wasting resources.
It is of no one's concern the actual groups posted. They have the right and ability to respond.
I asked for no money. I did not stand to profit by the posting.
The person who started the whole thing was pretty heavily chastised,
by the readers of his own news group.
A fast "K" was all that any individual needed for this article.
No, Mr. Horwath, you are "way out-of-bounds" this time.
And as the time cronology unveils itself, I am sure that will be shown to be a very truthful, factual statement.
Dangerous precedents were set here. I will not rest until the whole of the Internet knows and is aware of the situation.
Carol Anne Braddock
Friday January 6th, 1995 9:40 A.M.

@_date: 1995-01-06 13:35:58
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Remailer Abuse 
Yes Russell, you hit the nail on the head. It's all about trust.
Signature withdrawn at the request (pretty rightfully so) of my dear friends on the Cypherpunk List Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM

@_date: 1995-01-06 23:18:51
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Soapbox mode on!(but short) 
Dear Paul J. Ste. Marie,
I was quietly going through my mail after an eight hour layoff.
The first thing you do is lie.
I have called you a liar. Point Blank!
And for the honor of this very list, so that there is some
credibility, I shall retrieve from a tin reader the actual
posting, COMPLETE WITH HEADER.  And what makes creeps like you going is the ability to continue,
to spread those lies. [soapbox mode on]
THE POSTING WENT UNANSWERED FOR 3 DAYS IN 10 NEWSGROUPS.
UNANSWERED...NADA ...NO BYTES...NO BITS.....NO ANYTHING
THE FIRST PERSON TO RESPOND WAS HORWATH, ISSUING SOME KIND
OF REALLY LAME APOLOGY...TO WHOM NO ONE KNOWS, FOR NO ONE
HAD RESPONDED....GET IT....CAN YOU HANDLE PLAIN ENGLISH?
NO MR. STE. MARIE I WILL NOT START RUMOR OR CONTINUE RUMOR.
YOU HAVE LIED TO THE FINE PEOPLE OF CYPHERPUNK LIST.
YOU HAVE WASTED THEIR TIME AND THEIR BANDWITH (THEIR LIFE)
FOR THE MOST IMPORTANT CODE YOU CAN EVER WRITE IS THE TRUTH.
[soapbox mode off]
Please pardon me now, while I retrieve the actual postings.
Love Always,
Carol Anne
Signature withdrawn at the request (pretty rightfully so) of my dear friends on the Cypherpunk List Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM

@_date: 1995-01-06 23:59:11
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: From me to me to you...The Actual Article 
Dear All of You,
This is the article, and what I did with it. It is complete in it's
entireity, from the bang paths, to the crosspostings. Please study them
carefully, for my next post will contain the first response to the article,
three days later. ALL DURING THIS TIME, I WAS LED TO BELIEVE, THROUGH PHONE
CALLS THAT THIS WAS "GOING TO BE INVESTIGATED SOON". NOTHING OF THE SORT
HAPPENED. NO ONE IN ANY OF THE TEN GROUPS RAISED A SINGLE OBJECTION. PERIOD.
             I believe in your capacity to fairly judge.
               My response to the first complaint lies                   still censored in my mail reader.
                    For if .1% of all the Usenet
                         is inappropriate to
                            post to, when
                               will it
                                become
                                 just
                                 .01%
                                  ?
Now, the article,

@_date: 1995-01-07 00:15:04
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: The first reply came 3 days later. 
These groups are important to me. It is why I posted them there. I use
PGP extensively in my usenet postings, and I am not the only one in those
groups that posts with PGP. Yes, suffice to say, I endorse this letter.
I dream of a day when we do not have to deal with this issue, yet it is
something that affects any one who uses the program. All that was really
asked was not to go to the meeting with the D.A., and make a protest.
MOST CYPHERPUNKS I KNOW OF COULDN'T HAVE MADE IT ANYWAY, THIS TIME, BECAUSE
THE STAKES IN THE REMAILER GAME ARE HIGH, AND WITHIN A MONTH OR TWO, THERE
WILL BE SYSTEM SO THAT WE CAN GET SOME MONEY TO EAT WITH AND BUY EQUIPMENT.
But on the user level, I do my best to TEACH GOOD FUNDAMENTAL COMPUTER
SAFETY. Rumors are no good for this. There was PRZ's letter to us, and
Dubois's letter to alt.security pgp. Those are facts. Those I can teach
with, and so can even a one month PGP Cypherpunk Novice. So can you.
Now, the first reply,

@_date: 1995-01-07 00:56:30
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: I haven't read this response, until now! 
Dear All,
I haven't seen the next two responses, yet they comprise all the responses that ten news groups had made as of this posting, in my
newsreader here at MM.COM. I am told there are now more, yet I think
it's kind of a moot point (david at winternet.com was the reporter).
So I am going to import the text now and read it finally.
I have read the text, and I giggle a little, at who sent it.
Now you already have had the advantage of seeing copy by Mr. Horwath.
Mr. Logajan didn't. And didn't for a number of days. Nor did anyone
anyone else either.
[teacher mode on]
LOOK AT THE GROUPS MR. LOGAJAN IS RESPONDING TO. HE IS ONLY REPLYING TO
ONE, NOT TEN GROUPS. AND, EITHER HE OR MR. HAS CENSORED NINE OTHER GROUPS
FROM THEIR RIGHTFUL REPLIES. I DO BELIEVE, WHEN YOU LOOK HORWATH'S
PRIOR POSTING, I THINK YOU WILL FIND THAT HE DID TAMPER WITH THE POSTING.
AND, WHAT YOU GET AS A LESSON HERE IS JUST WHY THE REMAILER PROGRAM IS IN
TROUBLE. THERE JUST HAS TO BE PLAIN AND SIMPLE TRUST. MR. LOGAJAN IS UNDER
THAT SIMPLE DELUSION, FOR THE MOMENT. YET AS CYPHERPUNKS, THERE IS A KIND
OF AN UNSTATED UNDERSTANDING THAT WE DO NOT DO THIS TO OTHERS OR OURSELVES.
[teacher mode off]
Mr. Horwath at least owes Mr. Logajan an apology. For misrepresentation.
Mr. Horwath owes nine newsgroups an apology. For telling them (through ommission) that mn.general is more important than they are. It was about this point I was on the list again. The damage was done, and now repairs were under way. Now, the third and last response I know of, to this point.

@_date: 1995-01-07 01:42:30
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Nope, the Skypoint Newsreader didn't carry any of the 9 groups. 
Dear All,
And, amazingly neither does MM.Com. And if I'm going to infer, I'd better go
back and look at the facts on hand. No, Mr. Horwath's reader has up to
4,500 or so groups in it at any given moment. Here at MM.Com we only have
1,009 to be precise. So let us remind ourselves that this didn't even get
"full" coverage in a lot of places. And, in some maybe none at all.
So stay tuned, as the story of the anonymous remailer cartel works it's
way into place. I have a chain.exe script in the winternet.files. Spose
I could go net.rad and go get another from soda.berkeley or somewhere.
Look remailers, meet somehwere face to face, shake hands, hug each other,
cut a deal eyeball to eyeball, just do the best you can with what you've got.
So remailer cartel 1.0 has a bug or two. So does all humanity. Even so did
my logic for a minute or two (only). So go somewhere fun and sort it out.
And write what wonderful "vacations" you having, as you all will be MAKING
MONEY FAST, within hours after your glorious return to civilization.
(even money says the anon server bounces this to somebody)
And as I stated four postings ago.
No Mr. Ste. Marie only ten, and as we saw in some cases only one.
not hundreds or thousands, just a few. .1% One One Tenth of a Percent.
And, one instance of One One Hundreth of a Percent. About as bad as
the pentium bug story. And that's still an acceptable post in any group.
Somebody uses PGP in any of those groups. They are my friends.
I hope I can learn remailer procedure and code soon, it looks fun.
Thanks for your time.
Love Always,
Carol Anne

@_date: 1995-01-07 03:27:52
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Big vs Little providers (punkette view) 
Perspective, Perspective, Perspective.
You're both right on many counts.
Mike is a "fine benevolent dictator". He has many "happy" users.
He has now five local Usenet groups of winternet.*
But he reneges on deals. The shirts were ready before Thanksgiving.
He posseses them as I write. He violates the spirit by which
I processed their making (the samples).
Many orders for the shirts were made prior to Thanksgiving, I still have the
mail for them at squeaky.free.org (good storage place).
Then there's the GT story. I organized one for them. Created a sked for more of them. He didn't like the sked. The Users did.
There was an incident of much greater magnitude, that drew far less
attention. It was my call for WWW crosspost linkages. It was hand
posted to 75 or so groups, one at a time. The plus minus ratio of
mail was last at 412 positive, and 8 negative. Squeaky has half the
mail. There's 50 and growing crossposts that are drawing 200+ accesses a day to that page. Any other page he has on his system is only drawing 40-50 responses at best. I have copies of the
daily access statistics /usr/local/ect/httpd/stats/summary
If my mail is frozen, so to should all phases of that account, including
the WWW Pages. Besides maybe they"have violated acceptable use policy",too!
That's just sound administrative policy to shut everything down.
You haven't heard about Webbittown, yet. Bruce Sterling owns  Blackice Blvd. It's a Web page city of 20,000 individual pages, at a $1,000 a page.
Just like Real Estate. Run by doom software drivers.
Mike's poor vision is another T1 line, maybe two if he's lucky.
They are hacking his machine like crazy, he claims.
That means you got some serious enemies, if it's true.
That means you don't abuse your fans like me, at a time like that.
It also probably means one of his "friends" is his enemy.
I have an alt.dream.lucid of having the world's best web server.
I dream of people being able to protect their HTML code with PGP.
Funtional on top, crypto underneath. Encryption on the fly.
This was something that was bound to happen sooner or later.
Better sooner than later. Now there's precedent. 10 groups,
and the reply's caught in the pine processor 3.91,too!
Doc Ozone says pine 3.91's full of leaks. Doc Ozone and I make machines for people who are 'netless'. It's called the tired,
poor project. Give us your tired, your poor, your old PC's.
Miles, a seven year old is next on the list. We gave Mike a Sparc monitor from one of our equipment forrays. Free,zip, zilch
for we got for free zip zilch. He begged for it. It was still
sitting in the office wednesday, unfixed for anyone.
I equate the thing to a domestic abuse situation. As long as it's
minor, as long as it's hushed, it's OK Even this would have been
OK if had stayed silent. There is a safety in numbers factor.
AOL proves it. And as they descend upon the the net things will
change again.
The moment I called little tiny Micro Net, I knew there would be
fallout. I will not respond to the actual posting unless I'm asked
a direct question about the substance of the post. But it's
pretty self explanitory, and I cry to think there's a real bitch.
Yes, at Netcom, I can now probably get much further, much faster.
No I wouldn't subject myself or anyone to Winternet. But I wouldn't
subject a newbie to Netcom either. I did it once and was sorry, too.
I'm just a punk girl who writes great HTML code. And I hope that
it can be protected by cryptograhy, that's my little goal.
I hope I have both made you think and feel you are right,
because both of you are, in certain kinds of ways. And you know it, too.
Now where was I?, oh yeah, Is there like a Remailer for Dummies,
quick reference manual? I could have fun learning & doing that.
Till My Next Mini-Rant,
Love Always,
Carol Anne
Signature withdrawn at the request (pretty rightfully so) of my dear friends on the Cypherpunk List Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM

@_date: 1995-01-07 04:40:49
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Files and mail 
You should paint this as a canvas,and sell it for five big digits.
This post right here, in all its mono glory, is real art.
Signature withdrawn at the request (pretty rightfully so) of my dear friends on the Cypherpunk List Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM

@_date: 1995-01-07 04:52:46
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Killfiles 101 
1. The best and only way you can be sure you're    killing a file is to turn your machine off.
   Only then can you be sure it is dead.
2. If you must resort to using killfiles,
   (great marketer trick, make you use it    again and again, and again, like a gun)
   kill "classes" of files, as opposed to
   individuals, you'll get better kill ratio.
   A good example is anon or wizvax users.
3. Note: Killfiles are a censor's best friend!
   And you'll become what you swore you wouldn't.
does your signature tell the truth nesta? Can't know everything with a killfile! Eventually you'll kill the file that'd get you sex.
Signature withdrawn at the request (pretty rightfully so) of my dear friends on the Cypherpunk List Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM

@_date: 1995-01-07 05:17:09
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: Dear Zimmy, 
They still miss the point, I think.
They haven't figured out how to teach others.
They can do it in ten newsgroups.
They whine and snivel like two year old brats.
They just can't for the life of them grab the original letter.
They can't go teach their top-ten newsgroups.
They can't figure out how to come back here and rant how
they did it and I didn't (lose my account over it)
They rapidly forget crypto loses it's power against a bullet.
Eventually they'll come with guns again and take the machines away.
There were 10,000 newsgroups I only went to 10.
The best kill file is a turned off machine.
I touched my first fortran card 22 years ago.
There's a lot of difference between showing up the 12th,
and showing up in say 12 newsgroups.
Sorry Zimmy, It don't look good for the home team.
Love Always,
Carol Anne
Signature back on the drawing board Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM

@_date: 1995-01-07 05:32:38
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: A day in the life of the Cypherpunk list 
Dear Bruce,
When you see the actual postings on the last 24 hours,
they are all running to the newsgroup to use killfiles.
Isn't it ostriches that do that kinda thing?
They've been caught napping.
The Webbittown Post Office could use all the remail people.
Every last one of them
And meanwhile, still stuck in the pine composer, lies the original response.
Good copy, definitely good copy.
Love Always,
Carol Anne
Signature withdrawn at the request (pretty rightfully so) of my dear friends on the Cypherpunk List Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM

@_date: 1995-01-07 06:02:50
@_author: Carol Anne Braddock 
@_subject: intelligent discovery agents 
There's this rad.web.intelligent person by the name of Sang.
Visit Sang at Sang has more information on Robots, Spiders, Ants, and Worms
than any other computer person I have yet to link up with.
Feel free to grab a copy of the Web Server Software while your there.
Love Always,
Carol Anne
Signature withdrawn at the request (pretty rightfully so) of my dear friends on the Cypherpunk List Coming Soon: The Internet Debut of CENSORED.COM
