
@_date: 1994-04-02 18:25:02
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: tmp@netcom.com 
I'm not sure what the time-delay features for the "nowhere" anonymous remailer ler
are, but the messages that arrived last night all came through within a few
minutes.  Interestingly, the messages were sent at around 3:00 am, corsimilar to
LD's posting patterns from before.
I deleted the most recent postings, but if someone could send them to me, I'd
like to run them through a grammar checker and compare the results to the message base I developed before.

@_date: 1994-04-05 18:42:18
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK CRIMINAL shirts (?) 
Yep - I received my order last week.  The shirts look great, though I would have made the "Safety in large numbers" banner bigger.

@_date: 1994-04-10 18:16:45
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge, Hamiltonian Cycles, and Passwords 
I'd be interested in seeing your previous posts on this subject.

@_date: 1994-04-22 15:44:44
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: Hillary's "Zone of Privacy" ??? 
Anybody catch Hillary's press conference?  She argued that she didn't answer
questions about Whitewater at first because she believed strongly in a "zone"
of privacy. Now, if a public figure has a zone of privacy, what does a private citizen I'd been off the list for a while - hope this isn't a repeat.

@_date: 1994-04-26 21:29:11
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: VMS remailer? 
I'm not a programmer, but you might write to a LISTSERV site and ask for the
source code for the LISTSERV managing software.  I would assume that you would need to make the following modifications:
o  Read the intended user's address from the first line of the message
o  Run the VMS version of a shell script to delete all header information
   above the intended address (like X-Anon-To:cfrye at mason1.gmu.edu)
o  Make the LISTSERV software use that X-Anon-To address as the desination,
   as opposed to a distribution list
o  Destroy all records of the incoming message, which is interesting on a VMS
   account as they are usually kept around for a day (I think?)
OK folks, what am I missing?

@_date: 1994-04-27 00:26:28
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: VMS Anonymous Remailer/LISTSERV Software 
Thanks, this sounds like a start, the only question is do I have to have root
capabilities to implement this? Do you know of a LISTSERV site I might contact? It sounds like you would need only your own account for email access,
though the amount of traffic may attract your sysop's attention :-).
Or, to leave the programming running "resident", you may require  root
priviledges after all.  If there are hooks in the listserv source code
allowing it to fire whenever a new message comes in, you wouldn't.
I'm sorry, it's really late -- I'm trying to say that you probably won't
need root priviledges to set up the remailer if you could have a
daemon-like software agent waiting for the mail to come in.  There, that
wasn't so hard!  I know that in the UNIX world, users have set up remailers in Netcom
accounts and university accounts without root priviledges.
For a complete list of publically accessible mailing lists, which
includes LISTSERV's, look in the newsgroup news.answers and find the
eight-part posting entitled something like "Guide to Publically
Accessible Mailing Lists".  I used the search term "Mailing List" and
found it after a few tries.  If you don't have access to Netnews, mail
me and I'll get them for you.
One LISTSERV location I know of is news-admin at auvm.american.edu.
Yeah, it's an Internet address, but there should be a human on the other
I wish I could help technically, but I hope this information gets you
started on a successful project.  Don't hesitate to ask if you think I
could help out.

@_date: 1994-04-28 10:10:13
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: NSA snobs. 
Sounds like a great plan.  I'm in a crunch until 13 May but would be willing to help after that.  Count me in!

@_date: 1994-04-29 07:18:18
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: Cypherpunks as Lobbying/Political Group 
David Mandl argues that  putting out a document illustrating why Clipper is a
catastrophe "is a very bad idea and not the purpose of the list".  I disagree
for several reasons.
First, the purpose of the list is whatever we decide it is.  While the genesis
of the document shouldn't be broadcast in real time over the list, the final
product would certainly benefit from the folks on here giving it as thorough a
going-over as they have time and energy for.
Second, the DC Cypherpunks meeting held simultaneously with the Northern CA and
other sessions dealt with appropriate and effective ways to bring political
pressure against Clipper/Digital Telephony.  Hey, you live here, you think like
you live here :-).  To offset the market pressure ("suitable incentivization")
the Clinton Administration is bringing to bear we need to use a variety of tools
and, continuing Dark Unicorn's Sun Tzu theme, attack the government position at
the corners.  Unless and until someone puts out a competing product or add-on,
all we have are guerrilla tactics.  Handing out information in disk form at
trade shows *was* brought up at the DC meeting and, while I disagree slightly
with Jim Sewell on exactly how non-inflammatory the language used should be, ththis tactic is usable, variable, and potentially very effective.
Third, many Cypherpunks subscribers have been interviewed for radio and print
pieces on Clipper/Digital Telephony.  This project is no different -- we just
ask the questions as well as give the answers :-).
Fourth, I couldn't imagine the piece would be represented as an official position of "the Cypherpunks".  You have to be a coherent organization to have
a position and, while we all tend to agree that Clipper is a bad idea, a
unified whole we ain't.  Fifth, don't read it if you don't want to.  I'll make sure it's labeled clearly
so you can delete it straight away if you so desire.
"The Cypherpunks" will never be a lobbying group to supplant EFF or CPSR,
there's no reason small bands can't form temporary teams to accomplish a common
goal.  In this case, the goal is to further spread the word that Clipper and
Digital Telephony should be seen as the privacy killer it is.
And dealt with accordingly.

@_date: 1994-04-30 20:49:08
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: Cypherpunks as lobbying/propagandizing group 
Eric Hughes says:  "It's a fine idea, except there's no way such a group can claim to represent cypherpunks at large."  True enough -- my idea would be to say that our group is composed of folks who
happen to be Cypherpunks subscribers.  I agree that claiming to represent an
anarchy is illogical and, well, an outright untruth.

@_date: 1994-08-22 09:57:43
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Jim -
You forget Weber's definition of government, which I remember as "the
institution with a monopoly on the legitimate use of violence within a
geographical area".  I may have substituted "violence" for "force", but
that is the gist of his meaning.
Unless a government has some means of coercing its more recalcitrant
subjects, it can't function as a government in the sense we mean it here.

@_date: 1994-08-25 10:01:57
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: Nuclear Weapons Material 
One of the secrets the government didn't want out was the nature of the gamma
ray trigger, as the concept of explosively compressing U235 was *relatively*
widely known (this is pre-1980).

@_date: 1994-12-01 12:58:18
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: Closed Account 
ACCOUNT cfrye at mason1.gmu.edu IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE.
IF THIS IS A LIST, THEN PLEASE REMOVE THIS ADDRESS.

@_date: 1994-06-05 09:48:50
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: CNN Covers Blaze's Clipper Flaw 
Folks -
CNN just did a piece (about 4 minutes) on Blaze's attack against Clipper.  The piece seemed clearly biased against the chip, relegating the NSA's statement and a somewhat rushed and harried-sounding sound bite from Dorothy
Denning to the end of the bit.
Marc Rotenberg got in the point that we don't know how many other holes there are, though I believe the best bit of negative publicity was the presentation, without comment, of the NSA's claim that folks meaning to
circumvent the system would use simpler means.
Oh, this was on Science and Technology Week, which ran around 12:45pm ET.

@_date: 1994-03-18 10:52:55
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: Denning Presentation and Q&A at George Mason University 
Brad attended the DC cypherpunks meeting this past Saturday and showed part
of Denning's lecture before we really got rolling.
With as many hats as he wears, I'd hate to deal with his daily email volume!

@_date: 1994-05-23 22:38:38
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: Response to Uni's "Lawsuit" Message 
First off, many thanks to Uni for deciding to share his venture into the
legal ramifications of Usenet.  It's a shame things had to be taken to this
extreme, though his reasoning (edited to conserve bandwidth) is flawless
and the potential harm quite grave.
I address this issue from my George Mason University account as it presents
my personal opinions on the subject and does not necessarily reflect the
views of Digital Gateway Systems, Inc., a DC-area Internet access provider
where I am Director of Sales and Marketing.  However, Uni's comments on
Netcom's role in the matter are, to say the least, thought-provoking for
someone in my position.
I have deleted quite a bit of the background and history, though I believe
the context of all relevant points has been preserved.  Should I make an
error in that sense, or misrepresent one of Uni's positions, I hope to be
corrected quickly.
<--uni's words begin--> I contacted netcom.com to see how they might respond to the suit, and to ask about the need for a preliminary injunction to prevent data in and about tmp's account from being destroyed inadvertently or intentionally.  Netcom.com was initially not very cooperative.  They suggested I sort the problem out with tmp, and that it was not their issue.  This was until my attorney called Mr. Bruce Woodcock at Netcom support services.  Mr. Woodcock was VERY cooperative.  He was very interested in avoiding liability and was perhaps the best card we had in the suit.  While I cannot go into detail as to the specific support he provided, I think it is safe to say AS A GENERAL MATTER that while most internet providers will be very strict about privacy for their account holders, the appearance of legal proceedings and potential court orders make a provider very interested in not being named as a co-defendant. (Note 1)  I must thank Mr. Woodcock and commend him on his excellent balance of client privacy and respect for the judicial system.
<--uni's words end-->
I would imagine that the folks who received the initial communication were
not in a position to realize the potential damage that being named on such
a suit could cause even if a court chose not to impose monetary
liabilities.  I live in fear of that sort of occurrence and, while
cooperation with lawyers and striking an "excellent balance of client
privacy and respect for the judicial system" can be turned into your favor,
the risk of someone not being of a mind to settle with the defendant and
also willing to drag as many people/organizations down with the defendant
as possible is daunting.  A question I don't ever expect to have answered, as it involves both a
hypothetical situation and is, by its nature, unfair:  What if you had lost
the Swiss furniture deal?  You admitted that you would not have been as
sanguine about the affair -- would the rage have led you to forego
contacting Netcom and name them as a co-defendant?  Even had you later
dropped them from the suit, substantial damage would have been done.  Also,
that action might have caused them to entrench and force you to go through
discovery, a long and trying process.  Not to mention the expense...
One way I had foreseen providing (relatively) anonymous Internet access for
my Cypherpunk comrades was to establish an account with no personal
information in the system log, post a cash or money order payment to DGS's
bank account, and retain an account name-indexed list where I could email
individuals whose accounts were due to expire.  The problems with this
scheme?  Keeping track of who was who and making sure no one grabbed
someone else's userid (zero knowledge proofs, anyone???) is one, legal
liability for providing such a service is another.  I need to research the
applicable regulations which state how much customer information we are
required to maintain, if any.  Anyone out there familiar with the laws of
the Commonwealth of Virginia on this point?
The weak link in the system?  Me.  Numerous points of failure and
susceptible to lawsuits and other legal/non-legal forms of "rubber hose de-
<--uni's words begin--> In a way I'm sorry the case didn't go to the courts.  While it probably would not have been a precedent setting one, because it doesn't seem tmp at netcom.com could have appealed a ruling and gotten it into the record books as an appeals case with some precedent, it would have been interesting to see what sort of liability Usenet might present.  In a way I felt guilty.  Usenet and the net in general is such a break from the normal rules and fears of liability it seemed a shame in a way to introduce the ugly head of jurisdiction and subservience to the legal system to cyberspace.  <--uni's words end-->
Agreed, though your willingness to settle mitigates the "sin" of the
original action, IMHO.  I fear that future suits, when they inevitably
occur, will be based on a much less extravagant disregard for the truth,
possibly setting the threshold for libel/slander on the Usenet at
intolerably low levels.  As you mention later, the possibility of
government-controlled nationwide information networks would be a
frightening proposition if the government were to choose a test case, get
the best lawyers they could afford (!!??) and take a chance with twelve
"peers" sitting on a pine bench for $5 per day.
<--uni's words begin-->
I also don't like to be a bully.  In another way it seemed like a no-lose situation.  If I won a suit, I would be vindicated (as petty as that is), and there would be some clue as to how far one could go on Usenet and in cyberspace in general.  If I lost, I would be just as pleased that the line had been drawn and the results of basic immunity to defamation and libel would have been quite a social experiment, a result still quite worth the expenditure for me.  In addition, I was very interested in discovering how a court, the ultimate throwback to the real world, would impose (or refuse to impose) traditional legal theory on Usenet and electronic mailing lists in general.  As a legal scholar, it was a problem that presented a wonderful chance to see the law evolve literally right before my eyes.  In retrospect, I'm not sure I would have been so pleased if the Swiss deal had been compromised in the process.
<--uni's words end-->
As I do not share your frame of reference, it's hard for me to make a
judgment on these points.  Moving from the theoretical to the practical,
seeing the law made before your eyes is an unnerving experience that, as a
non-lawyer, I find a bit difficult to view with the detachment you seem to
show in this passage.  (I'm sure you're concerned as well, it's just that
this paragraph, read out of context, is a bit dispassionate.)
Also see my points about thresholds of abuse above.
<--uni's words begin--> Note 1:
It seems to me that the entire event highlights the potential demand for anonymous utilities on both sides.  tmp would have been much better off for his ability to use remailers, and I would have been much better off had I guarded my pseudonym more effectively.  The interesting solution would be a multi-jurisdictional remailer making records non-
reconstructable, and guarding the operator from jurisdiction and liability.  tmp's greatest weak spot was Netcom's potential liability.  I would have been hard pressed to sue had Netcom not been so easily included as a defendant.  Netcom's cooperation (which was not at all "voluntary" I must add, but rather based on significant perceived, potential liability) made expensive depositions and numerous interrogatories throughout the discovery game unnecessary, and probably would have been much more difficult if Netcom had insisted on pursuing a hearing in court on each request and fought tooth and nail as (I assume) Julf might have.
<--uni's words end-->
What exactly is Netcom's liability in this case?  If a service provider is
treated as a phone company, abuse of the service could be grounds for
discontinuing the service.  As Netcom did not discontinue tmp's service
(see below), perhaps there is room for suit there.  Should, however, an
access provider be treated as analogous to a direct mail firm, the
responsibility is much more obvious.  As various Internet services perform
different functions (Usenet is like mass mailing, email is like phone
service, IRC is like public conversation etc.), the range of liabilities is
staggering.  What protection should Netcom, and other access providers, have against the
abuses of their subscribers?  Damn if I know, but it's an important
question to stay awake at night worrying about...
<--uni's words begin-->
In any event this raises another matter.  How then are remailers to be supervised?  My personal feeling is that Julf, or any remailer operator, would have blocked tmp's use of a remailer far before Netcom would have.  (Note that Netcom STILL has not revoked tmp's account, I guess they are just asking for trouble?)  <--uni's words end-->
As Julf provides his service as a favor to the Internet community and
appears not to be driven by any profit motive (he hasn't solicited a
contribution from me, though I haven't used my penet.fi account in a few
years), he can allow his "cultural expectations" of the Internet/Usenet
community to temper his judgments.  As for Netcom, they are taking a foolish risk by allowing tmp to remain as
a subscriber.  I can say with 99% probability that any DGS user exhibiting
behavior similar to tmp's would have been bounced and their money
cheerfully refunded.  And I'd hope the door would hit him on the ass on the
way out...
<--uni's words begin-->
In as much as remailers are operated by those who have some degree of respect for Usenet and cyberspace in general, the kind of self patrolling that goes on seems to me as effective, provided there isn't an imposition by the operator of the morality legislation that remailers are often used to circumvent (pornography, etc.)  In my view the traffic level alone of tmp's Usenet posts is more offensive than any pornography, tax avoidance, political activism, or free marketing that goes on through remailers.  It should be this, along with harassment or obvious forum abuse that should dictate the line at which a remailer operator blocks access.  In the current system, as displayed by Netcom's policy, it is quite the opposite that is affected.  Potential legal liability (which is based on the whims of the empowered jurisdiction) is the only effective bar against misconduct.  The implications of a nationalized internet are quite unnerving in this context.  <--uni's words end-->
See above, and amen.
<--uni's words begin-->
In a way Netcom is a victim here.  They are at the mercy of the U.S. legal system despite what is or is not morally acceptable in cyberspace.  In a way they have dug their own hole.  Their restrictions, and motivations are based on profit, not on ethics.
<--uni's words end-->
Very much in line with your earlier thoughts on the potential (non-)
application of traditional libel/slander law to the Net -- would the Courts
allow cyberspace to be that much more rough-and-tumble, with higher
standards of abuse required for successful suits?   The proof is left as an
exercise for the original poster :-).
As for profit motive (and please take this as a VERY GENTLE rebuke), you
admitted that your disposition may have been different if the Swiss deal
had fallen through.  My company is also motivated by profit -- my job is to
write the ads and market the groups that will bring in more and more money. I would agree that Netcom, by valuing tmp's $20 per month over the
potential harm to the Net community, has taken that view to a bit of an
extreme.  I would hope that my company would draw the line closer to...
well, closer to what I subjectively feel is a reasonable place to draw some
sort of distinction on a case-by-case basis.
So many issues out here on the bleeding edge...so much to stay up on, let
alone get ahead.  I'd like to thank Uni for trusting us enough to share
many of the details of his suit and hope he continues his valuable
contributions to Cypherpunks and net.culture in general.
Curtis Frye, speaking for himself and trying to put it all together...

@_date: 1994-05-29 11:41:25
@_author: Curtis D Frye 
@_subject: "lifeguard(?)": bullet tracking system??? 
I just saw something about this on CNN -- they actually showed the Lawrence Liverm
Livermore computers doing the tracking.  The FBI spokesdroid said that in a
military situation, return fire would be automatic, though one would need to
be a bit more careful in a law enforcement situation.
Then again, if they want to put the National Guard in the Anacostia district
of DC, maybe that area or the U-Street corridor in DC will qualify???
