
@_date: 1998-05-04 08:57:44
@_author: chatski carl 
@_subject: db$: The Wright Brothers vs. Chixalub 
I would like to make 2 short friendly ammendments
 that privacy itself was an inherent good in a hostile environment.
 But there is a higher goal.
 In an evironment of plenitude (rather than scarcity) every act can be
 purely symbiotic and in no-way parasitic.  In such an environment,
 (which we have technologically but not politically/economically) we can
 create a political/social system where there are no more fascists or
 statists.
  Then I want everyone to know everything about me.
 financial system goes away forever!!
 IMHO the only robust, sustainable solution is to eliminate all forms of
 such accounting altogether, to decouple production from stored ability to  get what you need/want.
- Carl

@_date: 1998-10-17 22:34:20
@_author: chatski carl 
@_subject: IP: Silent Weapon of Mass Destruction 
A powerful statement of the obvious, with one important ommission: The
United states is the largest researcher, producer, experimenter with, and
user of biological weapons.  Despite 'honest' Dick Nixon's unilateral
pledge in 1972 that the US would not produce offensive BW weapons, they
have been doing so, keeping pace with developments in molecular biology.
Much research and development is privatized; it is not prohibited for
private corporations to develop such weapons.
A few observations:
The Army has used the term "Ethnic Biological weapons" since the late
There are 2 kinds of BW weapons development:
  o	battlefield weapons
  o	weapons of class warfare ( suitable for covert long term use
And finally as one observes "new" diseases, one should remember that the
main thrust of the major BW research since the end of wwII, has been
against the immune system ... so that no defense can be mounted.
- Carl

@_date: 1998-09-09 12:17:59
@_author: chatski carl 
@_subject: A question about gas warfare in San Fran in '66... 
He is probably talking about a test run by the CIA, Navy Etc.
A navy ship in the bay sprayed SF with a 'simulated' BW agent ( Serratia
marcescens - If I remember correctly ).  This was not designed to hurt
people but to see the spread of an aerosolized agent in a real city. Monitoring collectors were set up all over the city including in schools
Several days after the spraying started, in one hospital ( connected with
Stanford I think ), where there was a ward with a number of catheterized
men, some dozen or so men became seriously ill with Serratia infections,
and 2 died.  There was never a case of Serratia infection before this
time.  The military people conducting the experiment did not inform the
hospital physicians even after the men became ill! - Carl
