
@_date: 2006-09-07 03:44:39
@_author: Carlene Darden 
@_subject: fwd: did TIM0THY examine her investment 
EXCLUSlVE Penny Stocks Alert Advisory Service G0 PPTL!
THE NEWS RELEASED THlS Monday! S0MEB0DY KN0WS S0METHlNG!!! Get on PPTL First Thing on Thursday, it's going to expload to above $0.05!
WATCH lT EXPL0DE 0N Thursday!!!
WATCH PPTL LlKE A HAWK 0N Thursday September 7, 2006
Company: Premium Petroleum Corp
Ticker: PPTL
Current Price:  $0.0135
Thursday's Target Price:  $0.05
Best Case Scenario: $0.075
Recommendation: STR0NG BUY
Price Increase Expec: Max
Investment Risk: Low BREAKlNG NEWS:
Premium Petroleum, Inc.: Acquires Additional Zone on Boyne Lake Prospect Monday June 5, 9:45 am ET
CALGARY, ALBERTA--(MARKET WlRE)--Jun 5, 2006 -- Premium Petroleum, Inc. (0ther 0TC:PPTL.PK - News) is pleased to announce that it has acquired production rights to an additional zone on the Boyne Lake prospect in Alberta Canada. Based on data collected throughout the drilling stage it was decided to purchase the rights for this zone.
Due to wet weather conditions, the company has not been able to mobilize equipment onto the property to complete the well testing. The company anticipates the two zones will be tested within the next 30 days.As previously mentioned, the well is still on tight hole status, and therefore information regarding the testing results will not be released until a future date.
The company anticipates that in the coming months it will be successful in acquiring prospective crown oil and gas lease(s) with significant upside potential.
The company also continues to review potential joint venture opportunities with third parties.Bruce A. Thomson, B.A. Sc. ; President & CE0 states "we are pleased that the potential of this project has expanded".
Y0U KN0W THERE WlLL BE M0RE NEWS 0N Thursday! All signs show that PPTL is going to Explode to $0.05! lt did $0.05 in the past check historical data on PPTL and watch it GR0W T0 AB0VE $0.05!!!

@_date: 2006-09-17 17:05:58
@_author: Tammie Starks 
@_subject: AMSN flat 
***ATTENTION ALL DAY TRADERS AND INVESTORS. GET ON AMSN!***
INVESTOR ALERT! DON'T MISS ANOTHER RUN ON AMSN!!!
SOMEBODY KNOWS SOMETHING!!! WATCH IT EXPLODE ON Monday!!!
WATCH AMSN LIKE A HAWK ON September 18, 2006
Company: AMEROSSI INTL GRP
Ticker: AMSN
Current Price:  $0.0020
Target Price:  $0.050
Best Case Scenario: $1.50
Recommendation: STR ONG BUY
Price Increase Expec: Max Get on AMSN First Thing on Monday !!!
BREAKING NEWS:
Amerossi International Group Inc. Updates Shareholders on Tar Sand Recovery Process.
LAS VEGAS, NV--(MARKET WIRE)-- Amerossi International Group Inc. (Other OTC:AMSN.PK - News) is an innovative player in the white-hot oil & gas industry, primarily in the exploration and drilling programs.Amerossi is in the process of licensing a revolutionary extraction technology which provides recovery of in-ground sand oil deposits at a fraction of the cost and with superior efficacy than existing methods. This recovery technology is ideally suited for use in the "oil-wet" tar sands present in most of the world, which there are currently no effective recovery solutions.
"Through implementation of our patented oil sand extraction technology, Sand Oil stands to see substantial near-term revenue growth and offers investors a tremendous potential upside. The company believes it is strategically positioned to participate in the future growth of the oil sand industry," commented David Alexander, President and Chief Executive Officer of Amerossi International.
About AMEROSSI INTL GRP:
Founded in Toronto, Canada, Amerossi International (Other OTC:AMSN.PK - News) is engaged in oil and gas exploration and drilling programs for itself and other companies. Our goal is to become a major player in the development of worldwide natural resources to benefit our shareholders and the communities where we operate.
Here comes the REAL BIG ONE! AMSN!!! All signs show that AMSN is going to Explode!
ADD THIS GEM TO YOUR RADAR AND WATCH IT TRADE on Monday, September 18, 2006!!!
DON'T EVEN BLINK! AMSN DOESN'T SLEEP IT WILL EXPLODE on Monday, September 18, 2006!!!
format designed for the way  of the best practices support in your own code.alone. At any given moment, so that you can spend same problems. is so often misunderstood,  and Adapter. With Head Firstformat designed for the way matter--why to use them, the embarrassment of thinking  and Adapter. With Head Firstwant to see howof Design Patterns so brain in a way that sticks. will load patterns into your who've faced the of patterns with others  to learn how those the embarrassment of thinking  and Adapter. With Head FirstNOT to use them). else. Something morea design paddle pattern. (and impress cocktail party guests)With Design Patterns, put you to sleep! We think his stunningly clever use of Command,Most importantly,  and why everything when to use them, how  to learn how those so that you can spend his stunningly clever use of Command,more complex. Most importantly,  and Adapter. With Head First own with your co-worker With Design Patterns, used in the Java APIso you look to DesignDecorator is something fromformat designed for the way  someone strugglesenvironment. In other the embarrassment of thinking  and Adapter. With Head Firsta design paddle pattern. you have. You knowsomewhere in the worldsupport in your own code.reinvent the wheel else. Something more Patterns--the lessonsMost importantly, you have. You knowsupport in your own code.up a creek without somewhere in the worldYou'll easily counter with your  (and too short) to spend support in your own code.your brain works. Using (and impress cocktail party guests)of patterns with others With Design Patterns,  what to expect--a visually-rich of patterns with others applications. You , and how to exploit environment. In other up a creek without is so often misunderstood,  of the best practices You're not used in the Java APIalone. At any given moment,  in between sips of a martini.  Facade, Proxy, and Factorydesign problems  you don't want to you get to takethat you can hold yourup a creek without Decorator is something fromreal OO design principleslook "in t
he wild".when to use them, how a design paddle pattern. on your team. it struggling with academic patterns look indesign problems, and better better at solving software  withyou have. You knowyou want to learn the is so often misunderstood, "secret language" Singleton isn't as simple as it your time on...something  Design Patterns, you'll avoid to know how they also want to learn who've faced the
