
@_date: 1995-07-21 14:20:19
@_author: Chris Gorsuch 
@_subject: big word listing 
The crack library points to some dictionaries which have not only real and
"imagined" (literary) words, but also words from other languages as well.
All in all a good resource.  -see adams message for pointers
   However, the reason I write is if you decide to add users previously used
passwords to the dictionary, make sure your "appendages" to the dictionary
are secured.  Users are notorious for forgetting to change or reusing on other machines the passwords from various servers.  The advantage is that
your users will never be able to reuse their old passwords.  The disadvantage
is that your admins can attempt to hack other machines using these passwords.
   A "cryptographic" solution would be to simply store a hash of the password
rather than the password itself in the "appended" dictionary.  A CRYPTOGRAPHIC
solution would be to use one time passwords :).
Chris Gorsuch
chrisg at ti.com *I am not responsible for the content of the above message :)

@_date: 1995-07-24 12:13:41
@_author: Chris Gorsuch 
@_subject: big dictionaries 
Good point about using a "slow" hash algorithm.  A "dictionary" attack on
the hash should fail because, in order to currently use the password the old
password had to not be in the dictionary in the first place.  However "keyspace"
attacks (brute force) would still be quite feasible.  Would probably want to
put something similiar to a salt in there to help increase the keyspace.
   Keep in mind that the only reason I suggested a hash at all is to prevent an
admin who, in general, would not go through the effort to replace login/password
or install a sniffer to get your password, but might be "unnecessarily" tempted
by having easy to access passwords stored in plaintext on the server (still in a file only the admin could read).  Basically just as a method to keep
honest people honest.
   To verify that a user wasn't using a variation on the original, you would want to only store the hash of the original, but do hashes of the variants on
the "new" password and compare with the stored hash of the old password.  And
of course, only store a password AFTER it has been changed.
   Really paranoid admins should use challenge/response/one-time passwords with/or kerberos.
chris gorsuch
chrisg at ti.com
