
@_date: 2000-10-14 06:02:56
@_author: Christof Paar 
@_subject: CHES Workshop 2001 
Workshop on Cryptographic Hardware and Embedded Systems 2001
                                 (CHES 2001)
                                                     First Call for Papers
General Information
The focus of this workshop is on all aspects of cryptographic
hardware and embedded system design. The workshop will be a forum of
new results from the research community as well as from the industry.
Of special interest are contributions that describe new methods for
efficient hardware implementations and high-speed software for
embedded systems, e.g., smart cards, microprocessors, DSPs, etc. We
hope that the workshop will help to fill the gap between the
cryptography research community and the application areas of
cryptography. Consequently, we encourage submission from academia,
industry, and other organizations. All submitted papers will be
This will be the third CHES workshop. The first workshop, CHES '99,
was held at WPI in August of 1999 and was very well received by
academia and industry. There were 170 participants, more than half of
which were from outside the United States. The second workshop, CHES
2000, was also held at WPI in August of 2000 and had an attendance of
The third workshop, CHES 2001, will be held in Paris in May of 2001.  The
topics of interest include but are not limited to:
   * Computer architectures for public-key cryptosystems
   * Computer architectures for secret-key cryptosystems
   * Reconfigurable computing and applications in cryptography
   * Cryptographic processors and co-processors
   * Modular and Galois field arithmetic architectures
   * Tamper resistance on the chip and board level
   * Smart card attacks and architectures
   * Efficient algorithms for embedded processors
   * Special-purpose hardware for cryptanalysis
   * Fast network encryption
   * True and pseudo random number generators
   * Cryptography in wireless applications
Instructions for Authors
Authors are invited to submit original papers. The preferred submission form
is by electronic mail to ches at ece.orst.edu. Papers should be formatted in
12pt type and not exceed 12 pages (not including the title page and the
bibliography). The title page should contain the author's name, address
(including email address and an indication of the corresponding author), an
abstract, and a small list of key words. Please submit the paper in
Postscript or PDF. We recommend that you generate the PS or PDF file using
LaTeX, however, MS Word is also acceptable. All submissions will be
Only original research contributions will be considered. Submissions must
not substantially duplicate work that any of the authors have published
elsewhere or have submitted in parallel to any other conferences or
workshops that have proceedings.
Important Dates
 Submission Deadline:          February 15th, 2001.
 Acceptance Notification:      March	31st, 2001.
 Final Version due:            April	21st, 2001.
 Workshop:                     May      13th - 16th, 2001.
NOTE: The CHES dates May 13th - 16th are Sunday - Wednesday
succeeding Eurocrypt 2001 which ends on Thursday, May 10th.
Mailing List
If you want to receive emails with subsequent Call for Papers and
registration information, please send a brief mail to ches at ece.orst.edu.
Program Committee
Ross Anderson, Cambridge University, England
Jean-Sebastien Coron, Gemplus, France
Kris Gaj, George Mason University, USA
Jim Goodman, Chrysalis-ITS, Canada
Anwar Hasan, University of Waterloo, Canada
Peter Kornerup, Odense University, Denmark
Bart Preneel, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium
Jean-Jacques Quisquater,   Universite Catholique de Louvain, Belgium
Christoph Ruland,   University of Siegen, Germany
Erkay Savas, cv cryptovision, Germany
Joseph Silverman, Brown University and NTRU Cryptosystems, Inc., USA
Jacques Stern, Ecole Normale Superieure, France
Colin Walter, Computation Department - UMIST, U.K.
Michael Wiener,   Entrust Technologies, Canada
Organizational Committee
All correspondence and/or questions should be directed to either of the
Organizational Committee Members:
Cetin Kaya Koc
(Publications Chair)
Dept. of Electrical & Computer Engineering
Oregon State University
Corvallis, Oregon 97331, USA
Phone: +1 541 737 4853
Fax: +1 541 737 8377
Email: Koc at ece.orst.edu
David Naccache
(Program Chair and Local Organization)
Gemplus Card International
34 Rue Guynemer
92447 Issy les Moulineaux Cedex, FRANCE
Phone: +33 1 46 48 20 11
Fax: +33 1 46 48 20 04
Email: David.Naccache at gemplus.com
Christof Paar
(Publicity Chair)
Dept. of Electrical & Computer Engineering
Worcester Polytechnic Institute
Worcester, MA 01609, USA
Phone: +1 508 831 5061
Fax: +1 508 831 5491
Email: christof at ece.wpi.edu
Workshop Proceedings
The post-proceedings will be published in Springer-Verlag's Lecture Notes
in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Notice that in order to be included
in the proceedings, the authors of an accepted paper must guarantee to
present their contribution at the workshop.
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request at reservoir.com" with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2000-10-23 09:31:12
@_author: Christof Paar 
@_subject: WPI Cryptoseminar, Wed, Oct 25 
WPI Cryptography Seminar
        Implementing New Public-Key Schemes
                 Prof. Berk Sunar
                ECE Department, WPI
               Wednesday, October 25
                  4:30 pm, AK 218
             (refreshments at 4:15 pm)
  ABSTRACT: In this talk "new" public-key schemes are briefly
introduced, namely Hyperelliptic Curve Cryptosystems, NTRU, and XTR.
Implementation aspects of related algorithms are analyzed and
complexity measures of the algorithms used in the implementation of
these new PK-schemes are discussed. The talk will conclude with the
presentation of future research ideas and implementation results of
current practices.

@_date: 2000-10-31 12:13:50
@_author: Christof Paar 
@_subject: Susan Landau on crypto policy 
Please note the different day, time, and *building* of this seminar talk.
For those coming from outside: Fuller Labs is the large concrete building
next to Atwater Kent.  - Christof
TITLE:      Have the Crypto Wars Been Won?
PRESENTER:        Dr. Susan Landau
             Sun Microsystems Laboratories
Place: Fuller Labs, Rm 320
Date and Time: Thursday, Nov. 9, 11 AM
ABSTRACT: Telecommunication has never been perfectly secure, as the
Cold War culture of wiretaps and international spying taught us.  Yet
many of us still take our privacy for granted, even as we become ever
more reliant on telephones and the Internet.  The security of these
transactions has become a source of wide public concern and debate.
Cryptography is a solution, but because cryptography can provide
perfectly concealable communications, over the last quarter century
the U.S. government has sought to prevent its proliferation. As a
result there have been numerous battles between academics and
industry on the one hand, and the U.S.  government on the other, over
the publication and deployment of strong cryptographic systems.  In
January of this year, in a major change, the U.S. government removed
a number of export restrictions on cryptography.
In this talk I will put current cryptography policy in the context of
decisions over the last twenty-five years, and I will discuss the
legal background behind the government controls, the purpose of the
export regulations, and the subtleties behind the remaining
restrictions.  I will examine: is the battle over, and have the
crypto wars been won?
BIOGRAPHY: Susan Landau is Senior Staff Engineer at Sun Microsystems
Laboratories. Before joining Sun, she was a faculty member at the
University of Massachusetts and Wesleyan University, and held
visiting positions at Yale, Cornell, and the Mathematical Sciences
Research Institute at Berkeley.  She and Whitfield Diffie have
written ``Privacy on the Line: The Politics of Wiretapping and
Encryption,'' which won 1998 Donald McGannon Communication Policy
Research Award.  Landau is also primary author of the 1994
Association for Computing Machinery report ``Codes, Keys, and
Conflicts: Issues in US Crypto Policy.''

@_date: 2000-09-26 09:31:50
@_author: Christof Paar 
@_subject: WPI Cryptoseminar, Wednesday, Sept 27 
Here we go again, the Cryptoseminar starts again. As alway, attendance
is free and everybody is welcome. - Christof Paar

@_date: 2001-02-06 12:59:46
@_author: Christof Paar 
@_subject: WPI Cryptoseminar, Wednesday, Feb 7 
Here we go again, the WPI Cryptoseminar starts tomorrow, Wednesday. Sorry
for the late notice.  - Christof
                    WPI CRYPTOGRAPHY SEMINAR
     Efficient Implementation of Elliptic Curve Cryptosystems
        on the TI MSP430x33x Family of Microcontrollers
                        Jorge Guajardo
                             WPI
Place:       AK218
Date & Time: Wednesday, Feb 7, 1:30pm
             (refreshments at 1:15pm)
This contribution describes a methodology used to efficiently
implement elliptic curves (EC) over $GF(p)$ on the 16-bit TI
MSP430x33x family of low-cost microcontrollers. We show that it is
possible to implement EC cryptosystems in highly constrained embedded
systems and still obtain acceptable performance at low cost.  We
modified the EC point addition and doubling formulae to reduce the
number of intermediate variables while at the same time allowing for
flexibility.  We used a generalized-Mersenne prime to implement the
arithmetic in the underlying field. We take advantage of the special
form of the moduli to minimize the number of precomputations needed
to implement inversion via Fermat's little theorem and the $k$-ary
method of exponentiation.  We apply these ideas to an implementation
of an elliptic curve system over $GF(p)$, where $p=2^{128} - 2^{97}-1$.
We show that a scalar point multiplication can be achieved in 3.4
seconds without any stored/precomputed values and the processor
clocked at 1 MHz.
This work will also be presented next week at PKC 2001 in Korea.

@_date: 2001-03-07 13:10:03
@_author: Christof Paar 
@_subject: Crypto Short Course 
I am offering again a 4 day short course in applied crypto. A brief
outline is below. For more info about the course contents and
registration, please see our web site at
 ! WORKSHOP ON CRYPTOGRAPHIC HARDWARE AND EMBEDDED SYSTEMS (CHES 2001) !
!                  Paris, France, May 13-16, 2001                     !
!                                                 !
                 Christof Paar,  Assistant Professor
          Cryptography and Information Security (CRIS) Group
      ECE Dept., WPI, 100 Institute Rd., Worcester, MA 01609, USA
fon:(508) 831 5061  email: christof at ece.wpi.edu
fax:(508) 831 5491  www:           Worcester Polytechnic Institute
                 4-Day Short Course
                April  16,17 & 26,27
               WPI Southborough Campus
        APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY AND DATA SECURITY
          Seminar Leader: Dr. Christof Paar
      COMPLETE COURSE INFORMATION AND REGISTRATION:
                   COURSE OUTLINE
Day 1, AM - Introduction to Cryptography and Data Security
Overview. Private-Key Cryptosystems. Cryptanalysis.
Day 1, PM - Stream Ciphers
Random Number Generators. Synchronous Stream Ciphers and LFSRs.  Attacks.
One Time Pad. Unconditional and Computational Security.
Day 2, AM - Block Ciphers: DES and AES
DES Functionality and History; Implementation: Hardware and Software;
Attacks and Security Estimations. AES: Functionality and History; Hardware
and Software Implementations. Other block ciphers. Key length and security.
Day 2, PM - Modes and Variants of Block Ciphers
Operation modes of block ciphers. Multiple encryption. Key whitening.
Day 3, AM - Public-key Cryptography
Principle. Some Number Theory. Overview of Practical
Schemes. Public-Key standards (ANSI, IEEE).
Day 3, PM - Public-key Algorithms
RSA Cryptosystem: Functionality, implementational aspects, recent attacks
and security estimations. Diffie-Hellman key exchange. Elliptic curve
cryptosystems: principle, practical and security aspects.
Day 4, AM - Digital Signatures and Protocols
Digital Signatures. Authentication Codes (MACs). Hash Functions. Protocols
for Privacy, Authentication, Integrity, Non-Repudiation.
Challenge-and-response protocols.
Day 4, PM - Key Distribution and Case Study
Key Distribution: Private-key approaches, public-Key approaches.
Certificates. Key Derivation. Case Study: Secure Socket Layer Protocol.
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request at reservoir.com" with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
