
@_date: 2001-07-19 09:11:12
@_author: Ciara Hudson 
@_subject: Major Breakthrough Successfully Completed by Hush Communications  
for Secure Technologies
Good Morning,
Please find the latest announcement from Hush Communications below.  We are delighted to introduce HushMail Version 2.0 to our peers and other secure technology professionals.  This marks major breakthrough with advancing ease of use and overcoming interoperability problems previously associated with PKI technologies.  Please take the time to read through the advances and changes made to HushMail.com and contact press at hushmail.com if there are any comments or queries.  We will be following up this announcement with a review program and welcome your involvement.  Thanks for your continued interest in Hush services and we look forward to hearing from you Ciara Hudson, Public Relations
Hush Communications
Dublin, Ireland
Hush Communications Launch HushMail Version 2.0
Next generation of industry leading solutions now supports OpenPGP compliance
Dublin Ireland - 20 July , 2000 - Hush Communications ( a leading global provider of managed security solutions and encryption key-serving technology, has launched HushMail Version 2.0, the latest version of its world premier secure Web-based email service.  The upgrade now supports the OpenPGP standard, offers improved functionality, and exciting new features.  Version 2's support for OpenPGP marks a major breakthrough in widening the appeal and usability of HushMail, as Version 2.0 is a major move toward achieving interoperability with the other member companies.  Very soon Hush users will be able to communicate securely with PGP and other member company applications, creating a universal interoperable platform for secure digital technologies.  PGP is the most widely used email security protocol and this new version opens up HushMail users to an estimated 8 million PGP users worldwide.
Phil Zimmermann, Managing Director of the OpenPGP Alliance ( said, "I am very encouraged by the support given to the OpenPGP Alliance by founding members such as Hush Communications. As an early adopter of the OpenPGP standard, Hush is encouraging the widespread adoption of secure platforms and improvements with technical interoperability.  I am confident that more users will quickly come to recognize and appreciate the added security benefits and ease of use that HushMail Version 2.0 offers."
The OpenPGP standard has provided a welcome alternative to security infrastructure standards. Compared to existing standards, it has been rigorously tested, provides a more flexible trust model, has a larger user community, is cheaper to implement and more user friendly for its adopters.
"Today's launch of HushMail Version 2.0 signifies a close co-operation between Hush Communications and the OpenPGP Alliance to build a reliable, easy to use, personal messaging solution for secure data exchange over the Internet," said Jon Matonis, President and CEO of Hush Communications.  "Hush has a vision to advance secure communications worldwide.  It is committed to developing and providing PKI-enabled complete solutions and services for both personal and business sectors without sacrificing ease of use."
Existing Hush customers that will immediately migrate to the new platform include; Daytraders, iEnhance, Therapy Online, Security.nl and Napo.org.  HushMail Version 2.0 provides a transparently managed PKI system that encrypts, decrypts, signs and verifies incoming and outgoing mails using keys retrieved from the Hush Key Server Network All the user needs to know is that they can send mail and that it goes out securely.  A HushMail user never has to deal directly with key exchange making HushMail Version 2.0 the easiest form of secure communication available.
In addition, HushMail Version 2.0 offers a new, enhanced Outlook style GUI and advanced service features, such as storage management, attachment management, and improved folder functionality.  With the improved interface, users will be able to conveniently track the status of received and sent messages.  The new version is tailored to meet important requirements of personal clients for secure on-line communication and cost-effective delivery of important documents over the Internet.  To upgrade to the new version users will receive notification to their current account detailing simple instructions on how to re-register their keys.
Jon Matonis concluded, "With the launch of HushMail Version 2.0, we aim to better meet the requirements of personal users for secure on-line communication and transmission of critical messages and time-sensitive documents. HushMail Version 2.0 and other upcoming PKI applications will help Hush maintain its competitive edge in today's digital world and give added impetus to the overall growth of secure communications."
As a member of the OpenPGP alliance ( Hush products offer OpenPGP compliance.  Additionally, Hush is offering the chance to review recently released new products.  The features and benefits of HushMail Version 2.0, among other Hush products, are available for review.
About Hush Communications
Hush Communications is the leading global provider of managed security solutions and encryption key-serving technology.  It was awarded the full five stars for secure messaging product by Secure Computing Magazine, the Best Internet Security Freeware Award from Firewallguide.com and voted best Webmail service for travelers' mails by the Net Internet magazine.  Hush distributes its solutions to the financial, medical and legal markets, and to general portals and enterprises.  These solutions include encryption products and management services in the secure communications industry. The company's SDK (Software Development Kit) allows other Web-based infrastructure companies and application providers to design product and service offerings that utilize the Hush Key Server Network. Hush has strategic alliances with NetNation Communications ( Security Portal ( and Worldport Communications (  Its investors include Offroad Capital Corporation (
Hush Communications Corporation is incorporated in the U.S. with operating subsidiaries in Dublin, Ireland, Salt Lake City, Utah, Vancouver, Canada and Anguilla, BWI. Hush is the provider of HushMail.Com and HushMail Private Label, the worldwide standards in secure messaging.  For more information, visit the corporate site at Note to editors: Hush product names and logos are trademarks of Hush Communications Corporation.  All rights reserved.
For further information contact:
Ciara Hudson
press at hushmail.com
+ 353 1 4357 831
