
@_date: 2001-02-01 07:39:37
@_author: Chris Kaihatsu 
@_subject: concerns 
MSWiA  (Ministry of Internal Affairs and
          e-mail:      street: ul.St Batorego5
     02-591 W-wa (Warsaw), Poland, Europe
Min Lacznosci (Ministry of Communications)
          e-mail:  (webmaster)
     e-mail2:  (spokesman)
     street: ul.Stawki2
     00-990 W-wa (Warsaw), Poland, Europe
Mr. Lacznosci:
I am an experienced Internet user, and I enjoy the
ease of communication that international email offers
me. As with any of my communications, I like to
believe that my messages go to the people I send them
to, and not to people I don't.
In other words, I believe that no agency or individual
should be reading communications that are not
addressed to them. Specifically, I am absolutely
opposed to any use of wiretapping or surveillance,
like the FBI's Carnivore or the EU's Echelon.
Governments, specifically, must watch where they
tread. Since government officials are paid with
taxpayer money, they should be serving the public
interest, which should _not_ include witch-hunts. If
any government officials of yours has personal
emotional problems like insecurity or paranoia, I hope
they will be taken care of.
We activists have found that when government officials
do not deal with their emotional problems well the
results can lead to paranoia. When agents become
paranoid they begin looking for regular people to
foist their own paranoia onto. Please make sure that
no one employed by your government has any sort of
problems which might cause them to restrict the
communications of anyone else.
I am certain that if you can address our concerns
adequately there will be no need for any further
measures on our part.
Also, please do not forget that all surveillance
projects initiated by governments are carefully
monitored by NGOs like the Electronic Frontier
Foundation ( the Global Internet
Liberty Campaign ( and libertarian
organizations, such as Libertarian International
( Libertarian International
Organization ( or The
International Society for Individual Liberties
Finally, we understand your concerns are in capturing
"criminals". I would personally suggest that you take
extreme care in deciding what methods are appropriate
in your apprehension of "criminals". I'm certain you
would not want to do anything that your population
would find offensive.
Thank you.
Chris Kaihatsu
Chicago, IL  USA
ckaihatsu at yahoo.com
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per month)
Matthew Gaylor, 2175 Bayfield Drive, Columbus, OH 43229
(614) 313-5722     Archived at
