
@_date: 2011-04-15 07:04:35
@_author: Christopher A. Lindsey 
@_subject: [tor-talk] With a Massive Hardware Hack, 
Apologies in advance.  This is not directly related to Tor.  However,
it's inspiring and is related to the circumvention of bad actors
attempting to restrict people's communication.  And, maybe they did use
Tor, too! ;-)
The Wall Street Journal today brings us an amazing story of a few smart
engineers, a couple of big-money backers, and one enormous hardware
hack. But todays tale of Libyan rebels and a few international telecom
experts hijacking the Libyana cellphone service from strongman Col.
Moammar Gadhafis government isnt just another chapter in an ongoing
story. Its poignant--perhaps even prescient--reminder of the way 21st
century technology is reshaping the geopolitical landscape.
Since Irans Twitter Revolution and Egypts successful ouster of former
president Hosni Mubarak (largely organized via social networking tools),
plenty has been written about the role of social media in political
revolution and freedom on the whole. But social media relies on the Web,
and in cases of revolution dictatorial regimes often do what they do
best: they pull the levers of power, in this case the lever that shuts
down the Web.
Full article:
Referenced Wall Street Journal article:
Take care,
tor-talk mailing list
tor-talk at lists.torproject.org

@_date: 2011-06-14 13:03:45
@_author: Christopher A. Lindsey 
@_subject: [tor-talk] US Senators Seek to Crackdown on Bitcoin 
"Senators Charles Schumer (D, New York) and Joe Manchin (D, West
Virginia) have written to Attorney General Eric Holder and the DEA
asking that action be taken to crackdown on the Silk Road. Silk Road is
an online exchange that deals in drugs and Bitcoins. Since the Bitcoin
transactions are anonymous, and Silk Road is accessed through Tor,
authorities have no way to track down users buying drugs."
Original article here:
A more verbose version here:
Since it appears they're going to be targeting a Hidden Service, it will
be an interesting test of Tor's resilience given the resources available
to the US government.
Take care,
