
@_date: 1994-02-03 17:29:44
@_author: Craig McKie 
@_subject: Canadian voice recognition article 
Spy Agency works on eavesdropping device for phones, faxes
New snoop gadget would identify voices carried through air
The Canadian Press
Used on page 1, Ottawa Citizen, Monday January 31, 1994
   An elite wing of Canada's spy agency is secretly developing devices
that can monitor and identify voices carried through the air by phone,
fax and radio signals, according to a broadcast report citing
government documents.
   The Communications Security Establishment is a super-secret branch
of the Canadian Security Intelligence Service that specializes in
gathering signals intelligence - SIGINT to insiders.
   Since 1989, the CSE has awarded three contracts worth $1.1 million
to a Montreal firm to make machines that can quickly isolate key words
and phrases from the millions of signals the CSE monitors each day,
CTV reported Sunday.
   In May 1983, the CSE awarded the Centre de Recherche Informatique
de Montreal a contract to develop a "speaker identification system,"
which can pick voices from the electronic haze and identify them.
   "Its frightening," says Bill Robinson, a researcher with the peace
group, Project Ploughshares. "It has Orwellian potential to sweep
through everybody's conversations. As computers get faster and faster,
theoretically, one would be able to keep records of all
   The CSE is supposed to provide the federal government with foreign
intelligence, but parliamentarians have often voiced concerns about
the agency's potential to violate the privacy of Canadians.
   Liberal MP Derek Lee, the head of a Commons committee that oversees
Canada's spy agency, said the CSE is overstepping its mandate.
   "Have they been asked, or have they decided for themselves to take
on a new role that requires them to analyse the human voice? And if
they have, they've gone beyond what I think they've told us."
   The CSE is accountable to Parliament through the defence minister.
   But Defense Minister David Colonette told CTV her was unaware of
the CSE's latest electronic snooping projects.
   "This is the first I've heard of this," Collenette said. "It is
certainly something I'll discuss with my officials."
   While in Opposition, the Liberals pledged to make the CSE more
   With a budget of about $250 milliojn and more than 800 employees
the CSE operates out of a building on Heron Road in Confederation
Heights surrounded by a barbed-wire fence.
   Its work is considered so sensitive that employees are told not to
take commercial flights, in case the plane is hijacked and they are
held hostage.

@_date: 1994-07-29 16:44:17
@_author: Craig McKie 
@_subject: Keyword voice searching 
Does anyone have access to the original article? The author is unnamed
in this version. One would wonder who the "congressional and other
sources" are as well.
 =============
Ottawa Citizen Friday July 29 1994 A9
Key words trigger U.S. security system
Seattle Times
WASHINGTON - Dozens of words, including "bomb", "assassination" and
"terrorist," apparently can trigger a recording device used by the
National Security Agency to monitor phone calls between the U.S. and
foreign countries.
          So say congressional and other sources who have been offered
a glimpse of the agency's secretive electronic intelligence gathering.
There is surveillance equipment, referred to simply as the big vacuum
cleaner, said to be capable of sweeping up conversations in the air,
recording them and then searching for words that might indicate some
hostile action against this country.
          In his book The Puzzle Palace, author James Bamford contends
the agency operates a worldwide network that can eavesdrop on almost
every phone conversation in the world.
          The agency has denied it has such broad capabilities.

@_date: 1994-10-06 17:08:23
@_author: Craig McKie 
@_subject: Giving Your card number to IBM 
Ottawa Citizen, October 6, 1994, D12. IBM hopes Internet link lets it
 smash Windows by Mel Duvall, Southam Star Network
 ..IBM, whose OS/2 operating system software has been losing the
battle against Microsoft's Windows, will release a new version of OS/2
in the next week that includes one-step access to the Internet...By
clicking on an Internet icon, users will launch a program that
automatically calls an IBMInternet Hub. The System will then register
the user and ask for a credit card number, which will be billed on a
monthly basis...Gates..recently announced plans to develop a similar
Internet access system for Windows.
 IBM =  No mosaic, no rates posted, no POP access points established(?),
 credit cards in the clear ...what on earth do these people think  they are doing. I would be tempted to run these lads off the block.

@_date: 1995-11-04 22:25:35
@_author: Craig McKie 
@_subject: ICE Summary 
Summary of the the 2nd International Cryptogrpahy Experiment (ICE)
Workshop, Shape Technical Centre, The Hague, Sept.18-19, 1995
