
@_date: 2001-07-29 22:47:34
@_author: David and Maureen Codrea 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
Hi Neal,
Lemme get a few disclaimers out of the way before I begin:
 I don't know everyone on your list.  I went ahead and "replied to all"
because I am assuming there is interest, and because it is my shady virtue
that is being questioned here...:-)  If any of you have no desire to be part
of this exchange, please accept my apologies for intruding into your
e-lives.  Let me know and I will see that you are not included in further
 I have added a couple other folks who I think may have an interest in
this.  Again, if I am being presumptuous, please just send me a "drop dead"
flame and  throw a brick through my window, and I will leave you off any
future exchange.
 I generally don't have a lot of time for back-and-forth one-on-one
debating- I find my time more productively spent on my own agenda items, and
what with all the other limitations and demands, I may or may not be able to
get back to rebuttals or additional emails from others in a timely or
comprehensive manner.  I sure don't want to get into an endless exchange
over this, as there are so many productive venues.
Let me begin by saying I do not consider your legitimate concerns to be a
flame.  I'm a big boy and can take my lumps, and you have been
most...ummm...politic in stating your reservations and explaining the
reasoning behind them.  You have a right to your say.  I'm also sorry if I
made you "sad."
I don't know if it's gonna be productive to take ALL the points of my piece
and ALL the points of your reply and interlineate comments and rebuttals.  I
especially don't think it would be a very interesting read- I think,
instead, it would quickly devolve into something fragmented, and very hard
to follow.  So I'd like to address this in generalities, with the further
qualification that I'm not out to try and score points at your expense, or
even to convince you that I am right and you are wrong;  I can walk away
from this knowing that we disagree and still think highly of you.  In fact,
I have heard the arguments you pose, in one form or another, before, so I
don't think my mind is going to change on this- and I cede to you the same.
I began talking about NRA ratings.  I think it has been pretty well
documented that they have on occasion given high ratings to politicians who
haven't necessarily earned them in the hope of establishing good will.  I
have also seen the opposite occur, that is, a 2nd Amendment champion like
Ron Paul being downgraded NOT for his stance on 2A purity, but rather
because he opposed legislation being promoted by NRA.  Surely, Neal, you
will not argue that Mary Bono is the equal to Ron Paul in terms of
Constitutional fidelity?  Pragmatism aside, which rating system do you think
best exemplifies original intent: NRA's or GOA's?  And would you at least
acknowledge describing Trent Lott as "stalwart"  on the 2A is, at best,
In re Mr. Ashcroft, I believe if you look again, you will see that I did not
mention him at all, but rather, composed my rant in response to a thread
that did.  I think the omission of his qualifying statement in re
"compelling state interest" in the official NRA journal has one of two
credible explanations: incompetence, or suppression of information.  As I
don't "know" why it happened, I really cannot speculate further in any
fairness.  That said, I do stipulate that he is no Janet Reno, and I am
encouraged by some of his statements, as well as disappointed by others.
You are correct that his proper function is to enforce the law; I would
submit that the supreme law of the land is clear, and that precedent
established in Marbury v Madison relegates anything in conflict with this
null and void.
In re NRA practices and tactics, I have never seen a stockholders' report or
a proxy ballot where management urged owners to vote AGAINST a slate of
candidates.  That such ads were paid for by private parties does not
diminish the fact that they appeared alongside official ballots.
In re gun laws that have been passed on the "winning team's" watch, you may
be right that we would have seen much more draconian increments had the NRA
monolith not provided a breakwater.  Then again, one can only speculate had
overreaching socialists tried compressing 25 years of citizen disarmament
into a shorter period; perhaps it would have horrified sleeping gun owners
and galvanized them into individual, spirited activism, and to organize
behind a fiercely uncompromising banner.  Perhaps this would have scared our
attackers off.  But we will never know- all we can see is what has
transpired, and I fear the heat has been turned up so slowly that the frog
may never escape the pot.
In re "Project Exile," I have not seen a substantiated rebuttal to any of
the points I made, especially in re the activist I cited urging that they
instead adopt "enforce existing violent crime laws".  So I'll just ask a
simple question or four: Where in the Constitution has the fedgov been
delegated the enumerated power to enforce ANY gun laws?  Wouldn't the
Constitutionally-consistent position be to repeal these laws? Isn't such
enforcement precisely what precipitated Waco and Ruby Ridge?  And if phrased
more precisely, would you and NRA management advocate enforcing existing
CITIZEN DISARMAMENT laws?
In re your premise on pragmatism and compromise, as you have pointed out,
our Constitution was ratified through exactly that means.  But the
compromise already happened.  I hear you about the Civil War, but have to
ask you at what point would you say such rebellion might be justified, and a
preferable alternative to tyranny?  Believe me, I do understand compromise
and do it every day, as do we all;  I think the difference here is one of
tolerance threshold more than principle.  And please don't think I am
offering my poor self up for comparison, but we need people to speak loudly
on uncompromised principle; you would not have urged Samuel Adams or Patrick
Henry to moderate, would you, Neal?  And we know that the Republic we got
was nowhere near the ideal these men strived for, due to compromise, but wit
hout their strident voices stirring sentiment in a sufficiently critical
mass, how much more might it have been compromised?
I don't know where your line in the sand would be to engage in civil
disobedience, or to physically resist, and I certainly would never presume
to challenge your convictions on that- but I am curious as to where exactly
you would say there can be no more compromise?  If you have read my stuff,
you'll see I'm pretty consistent at advising that  a time for physical
engagement is not (yet) upon us, as there are still means of redress
available; I therefore urge people to work within our system, not only
because it is pragmatic, but because it is a moral imperative that we
exhaust available resources before resorting to more drastic measures.
But as much of a firebrand as you think my rant made me appear, it is not I
who held a gun up in front of a crowd and challenged "From my cold dead
hands!" What do you think Mr. Heston meant by that?  Was it entirely
symbolic, or do you think he would urge NRA management supporters to shoot
and kill government agents attempting to disarm them?
By the same token, where I have engaged in civil defiance, I have done so
because the chances of such recourse are questionable, and the violation of
rights by "officials" has been so blatant and repugnant:
I believe, Neal, that right now, under certain circumstances, civil
resistance is warranted, and California's "assault weapons" ban certainly
seems to be a "reasonable" place to just say "no."  I don't so much see this
position as one of civil diobedience as much as obedience to the supreme law
of the land over an unconstitutional, thus null and void, perversion of the
law.  Yet it was NRA presenting the DoJ reps as people they can work with,
proud of their cordial relations, and mindful that the reps did not "have"
to come and address us- the folks whose leader holds up a musket and dares
you to kill him were facilitating our surrender without a fight.  But of
course the DoJ did have to be there- because they were there to dictate the
terms of our surrender, and they wanted desperately to convince us that they
were serious about enforcing this "law"- after all, they, again,
desperately, didn't want to see transpire exactly what has- massive
noncompliance, making them look impotent.  I am proud to have added my voice
to this, and would be pleased no end to think that it may have given others
some sense that they were not alone,  that there is strength in numbers, and
that we must steel ourselves from caving.
Anyway, that's about all I'm good for on this- I wrote way more than I set
out to- I really don't like working this way, as I'm pretty anal about
revising and rewriting my stuff a jillion times before releasing it-  a rule
I broke in the rant that precipitated this- but you posed some fair
observations and deserve to have your concerns at least addressed, if not
resolved.  I really don't know if I'll be up to another long rebuttal, so I
may or may not be able to give you satisfaction on future installments of
this thread- there is only so much time in my day for this, and I've just
exhausted it- tomorrow brings a new set of priorities.
But this has been good for me- extemporaneous responses help to hone our
skills against our mutual opponents.  Thanks for your thoughtful
correspondence and best regards.  I look forward to our continued
communications, and to hanging together, but not hanging together, if ya get
my drift...
David Codrea
----- Original Message -----
; ; ;
; Sent: Sunday, July 29, 2001 5:39 PM

@_date: 2001-07-30 19:16:04
@_author: David and Maureen Codrea 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
Just a  quick and abbreviated response:
In re what Ashcroft can do as head of the DoJ:  same thing they did after
the 14th Am- protect rkba and other rights, albeit they did it there
selectively.  I'd like to see the DoJ prosecute a gov. agency for denying a
citizen their 2A rights.  You can bet THAT case would make it up to SCOTUS
post-haste. Don't think that's likely, due to "pragmatism" and "compromise".
I am heartened to see Metaja denied advancement- we shall see how they
continue with Emerson, and if they pursue the current DoJ position...
In re Project Exile, sorry, but you did not really answer my questions.
While you don't mind if the fedgov usurps powers not enumerated to them if
the cause is 'worthwhile', ie, taking a gangbanger off the streets, I am
concerned more with the gov assuming powers that are not theirs- as heinous
as the criminals are, they wreak nowhere near the human carnage and misery
that governments unbound do- how much further down this slope are YOU
willing to tolerate our descent?  And, again, yeah, I know NRA says they are
only to use such laws against really really REALLY bad guys- but my point
is, and you have not refuted it, they CAN be applied to anyone.  To think
that a government, already operating extra-Constitutionally, is going to be
ever bound by the niceties of interpreting the application of their
"illegal" laws according to how the NRA wants them to do it, does not
compute with me.  I think your good intentions may just be paving the road
to Hell here- probably not under Bush, but what about under Pres. Hillary?
Sorry, no matter the motive, I just don't think the ends justify the means
I don't recall advocating political firing squads, but as long as you bring
it up, let me add one qualifier- I hope you agree with me that their jury of
peers should be fully informed triers of law as well as fact?
That's it for me on this.  "Uncle!"
----- Original Message -----
; ;
; ; ;
; ; "Peter Mancus (E-mail)"
Sent: Monday, July 30, 2001 6:29 PM
constitutionality of a state election regulation that

@_date: 2001-07-30 23:35:55
@_author: David and Maureen Codrea 
@_subject: NRA Prints HALF Of The Story (Barniskis)? 
Jeez, I can't let this one go by...
First- I dropped that guy what-his-name from distribution because he wanted
Plenty of stuff on 14A by Kopel and Halbrook pointing out how 2A was
integral to it, and how the incorporation doctrine flies in the face of its
framers.  We can speak theoretically of how it may not have been properly
ratified, but it is legally recognized in the here and now, and until it is
overturned or repealed, it is something the AG, as you point out, is
compelled to uphold.
I have never claimed to be a big Marbury fan- I merely cited one important
quotation from it that had relevance to the topic.  That quotation could
have come from Dred Scott as far as I'm concerned and it would still be
true, even though the decision of that case was repellant.
Nowhere have I ever maintained that a felon should be able to use a gun in a
crime and not get punished big time.  This is a misinterpretation of my
arguments, as my concern was for people like you and I getting caught up in
the enforcement of existing gun laws, which are and remain, as I pointed out
earlier, EXISTING CIVILIAN DISARMAMENT laws.  I didn't say PE WAS  taking
honest citizens off the street, I said that once you open the door to these
kinds of laws, enforcement can reflect the policies of the administration in
power, and that once you tolerate usurpations of power, important checks
against abuse have been ceded.
Yes, we must have strong laws to punish violent criminals; I merely suggest
that we can do this without violating the Constitution.  For starters, we
can all; be safer against predators if we repeal, instead of enforce,
unconstitutional gun control laws, as all they do is make it safer for the
criminals to operate- isn't that superior to eroding our mutual (and as you
pointed out) inalienable rights?  Personally, I think your wife OUGHT to be
able to have a firearm on school grounds, and concealed on her person, and
that it should be able to hold more than 10 rounds and be semiautomatic, and
even be newly purchased even though it is on a federal "ban" list.  I think
she ought to be able to have a gun even if she got in a fight and was
convicted of misdemeanor assault.  These are existing gun laws, and if she
violates them, they can carry federal penalties.  I don't want to infringe
on her right to keep and bear arms, nor allow the feds to have that power,
especially when the proscription against them doing this could not be more
clear. Can you guarantee that Project Exile can NEVER be abused to do this?
If so, I will surrender on this point and shut up.  I know that NRA INTENDS
that PE will only affect "those people", but you have failed to demonstrate
how NRA will have any say in the matter should political power shift
dramatically to the Democrats.
And I totally reject your assertion that  "my" fight (where the heck did you
get THAT impression?) against Project Exile is either hopeless or useless,
especially judging from the gun rights leaders who have signed the
denouncement statement on keepandbeararms.com.
They represent some of the finest intellects and activists in the rkba
community, and you cannot ignore them or their concerns if you hope to be
either  effective and innovative.  Why on earth would you want to?
Here's the problem, Neal- there ain't no light at the end of this tunnel.
There will be more back-and-forth and more debating, and more time composing
answers and rebuttals and counter-arguments and "gotcha's", but I don't see
either one of us budging from our original stance.
I suppose I could continue spending time each day on this doing
point-counterpoint with you, but  I don't see where it's gonna get us.  It
takes time away from too many other things that I have already prioritized.
So I hope you understand that I need to back off of this- I think I was
pretty up front about that from the start.  I don't think anyone can accuse
me of ducking anything, but I'd appreciate it if we could just agree to
disagree on this and call a truce.  Feel free to have the last word on this,
but I just GOTTA drop this for now.
p.s.- not "Dave"- call it a snotty affectation on my part, but I just never
cared for it...:-)
p.s.s.- the following from Merrill Gibson addresses "compelling state
interest"- it is on topic, and this you'll like, Neal, it defends Ashcroft's
position.  Merrill makes some good points- I ain't totally on board with it,
but that's probably just because I'm so stiff-necked and ornery.
; ;
; ; ;
; ; "Peter Mancus (E-mail)"
Sent: Monday, July 30, 2001 9:55 PM
