
@_date: 1995-12-27 08:11:43
@_author: Ben Combee 
@_subject: Austin CPunk Video Update 
First, a lot of thanks to all of you who sent me ideas for the
Cypherpunk video we are working on here in Austin.  I'm sorry I
haven't individually acknowledged all of you, but it was been a
busy couple of months.
Here is our status:
We have agreed on the meeting infrastructure, with a video working
group meeting twice a month of planning/strategy meetings and at
other times for filming, editing, and so on.
We have decided to do a 30 minute video with segments dealing with
crypto history, basic theory, popular applications, and possible
futures.  We may go one to produce further videos which look at
these topics in more detail.
We have a outline of the segments of the video.  The outline was
originally conceived for a 60 minute program, so some items might
have to be cut.  This outline should be available online sometime
soon off my web page at  (URL not
yet active).
This program will initially air on Austin's public access stations,
but we have nebulous plans to distribute it once that requirement
is met.
Questions?  Just write to me or to all the Austin CPunks at
austin-cpunks at einstein.ssz.com.

@_date: 1995-11-16 15:02:58
@_author: Ben Combee 
@_subject: Need advice on video 
Hello, fellow cypherpunks.  This is my first post here on the global
CP list, although I've been working with the just-reformed Austin
chapter for the last couple of months.
Us Austinites are working on a video for public access television
on cryptography.  We are looking at a one-hour format, similar to
a science program, that will introduce cryptography, its history,
the basic ideas of modern crypto, and what applications there are
for it today and in the future.
Now, this might turn into a series, but for now, we are concentrating
on the overview episode.
What I'm fishing for here are any suggestions for ways to present
some of this content in an interesting video setting.  We've already
decided on doing some algorithm animation, and maybe some simple
moving graphics illustrating the various protocols.  Any ideas you
might have would be appreciated.
BTW, once we finish this and show it locally, we are considering
doing some duplication to send out to interested bodies.  Do you
think there is demand for a good, clear intro to all this in video
