
@_date: 2000-12-01 22:23:11
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Pigs Blind Woman, Then Arrest Her for "Interfering"  
they all suck, but the republicans seem to suck less overall.
in example, look at thomas' dissent in that case; stare decisis
drove him there, but he was open to tossing the whole POS
framework for other legal roadside searches.

@_date: 2000-12-07 13:09:12
@_author: Me 
@_subject: About 5yr. log retention 
[re: Muslim women in vail, uncovering]
if i were to cloak my desire for privacy in the words of the
Great Squid, would it be more legitimate?

@_date: 2000-12-09 03:42:28
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Masks [was: Re: About 5yr. log retention] 
Probably; most things are.  But, as long as you don't confess,
how could it be proven?

@_date: 2000-12-10 14:35:33
@_author: Me 
@_subject: The US mis-election - an oportunity for e-voting.. 
is there any benefit to the 'canadian system' above it's lack of
in the last decade in canada, i have voted for different levels
of govt via: normal X in the circle paper ballot, scantron sheet,
write-the-name-in-the-blank ballot, no polling station/mail-only
ballot, various absentee forms, proxy (which the fuckers did away
with this year), etc.
they were counted by: little old ladies with a pencil and paper;
or a Brainiac-2000 computer; or possibly not at all depending on
canada post and the particular election.
i dont see why any of these methods are inherently
better/safer/more accurate than those used in florida.
i imagine we dont hear a fuss because: all positions are
generally local positions and of no larger significance; the vote
is often won by a large plurality and not in question; all of
these legal cases would probably have died with the first
prothonotary that saw them; etc.
speaking of canadian elections, its too bad the canadian alliance
didnt get elected and revoke the bill c-68 gun control laws, eh?

@_date: 2000-12-11 04:38:43
@_author: Me 
@_subject: The US mis-election - an oportunity for e-voting.. 
The reason there is a uniform ballot for all federal elections in
Canada is that they are all conducted by Elections Canada.
Ballots for voting at other levels of government differ greatly
from the EC's and each other.
What body in the US would have the authority to impose standards
for Presidential ballots upon the states?  And what problem would
it solve?
for who or what?  i, otoh, would think a computer would be more
reliable at counting holes in punch cards than scanning for Xes.
i'd bet the human would prefer the Xes, tho.
as the ballots in florida were intended to be tabulated by comp,
the punch card may have been a better choice.

@_date: 2000-12-15 00:21:19
@_author: Me 
@_subject: nambla 
sacrifice to
Are you claiming that your destruction by the Lord God of Host
for the sin of the sea of babies, abortion and infant sacrifice
isn't a serious matter?
That sea of babies thing probably pissed him right off.  Just try
and tell me you can fill a sea with babies you have conceived
only within the holy purity of marriage!

@_date: 2000-12-15 13:52:20
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Inquiry RE: audiobook reviewers 
Our need does still exist. Should you be chosen for this
seven-month term assignment, your recurring task would be to pick
up 50 - 75 units of audiobook in Eagle Pass, Texas and upon
review of the each audiobook's quality, deliver them to a ranch
in Corralitos, California.
You will be paid with e-gold, at a value of $2900 per successful
If you are still interested, please submit a more detailed resume
and references.

@_date: 2000-12-16 22:58:57
@_author: Me 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
If Choatean programming follows Choatean physics and political
philosophy, a lot of IBM's design choices suddenly make sense.

@_date: 2000-12-18 01:00:26
@_author: Me 
@_subject: This is why a free society is evil. 
> [cut, a lot of attacks on anarchy]
I would like to defend libertarianism, I don't believe I can
defend anarchy.  I don't believe a system that lacks a government
operating military and judicial services would be efficient.
I would respond to your claim that libertarianism is 'fascism at
best and socialism at worst', but I can't even come close to
guessing what you might be basing that upon.

@_date: 2000-12-18 02:47:18
@_author: Me 
@_subject: The Cost of Natural Gas [was Re: The Cost of CaliforniaLiberalism] 
The politicians are the only electricity producers in British

@_date: 2000-11-06 10:55:54
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Wired News Senate scorecard: Democrats beat Republicans 
A vote to require donors to federal candidates to disclose
their motivations for making contributions online within 24
hours. (Yes is 1)

@_date: 2000-11-06 15:53:22
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell's House Being Searched 
If its you, I expect I will hear about it on CNN before

@_date: 2000-11-07 21:00:10
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Courts interfering with election 
The obvious complaint is that only select polling areas were
given extended hours, when it would have been just as easy to
extend voting hours for the entire region....
... and that those areas heavily favoured the Democrats, so it
probably wasn't an altruist act on their part...
... and that similar appeals made by Republicans in Kansas were

@_date: 2000-11-07 21:24:32
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Courts interfering with election 
Yes, either because she wasn't registered to vote or showed up at
the wrong polling station.  The article isn't clear.
Thanks for the link, I appreciate the new headline: Judges Order
St. Louis Polls Closed.

@_date: 2000-11-08 11:22:22
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re:  More blather from the DEMS on FL 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
are now
action. It
Even better tactic:
CNN just reported that the Little House in the Ghetto nursery
school found an abandoned voting-box full of Al Gore ballots...
er, some election worker must have forgot them there last night.
Better get them into the count.

@_date: 2000-11-08 23:52:22
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: More blather from the DEMS on FL 
Why bother; amending the constitution is a thing of the past,
interpreting it is in style.
When CNN finds that the recount isn't getting ratings, they will
simply start reporting, based on a legal correspondent Gretta van
Sustren's constitutional reading, that Al Gore is the President.
Within a week everyone will accept it and move on.

@_date: 2000-11-09 22:20:36
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
And this election is more serious than most others.  The possible
exile of Alec Baldwin depends on the votes of a few hundred
senile Flordians.  Ick.

@_date: 2000-11-10 17:45:19
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re:  Another mental exercise for the absolutists ... 
Are we talking about the equiv bulb burning out on the card
reader? Is there any error in the ballot?  Is there a chain of
evidence, wrt where they have come from?
Yes, no, yes: let them in.
New Mexico is the opposite of New Mexico?

@_date: 2000-11-10 22:37:12
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: A successful lawsuit means Gore wins! 
It seems more likely that he would be indifferent unless the car
enthusiasts were Chrysler executives, the dentures were bought
with social security cheques, and the shoe salesman had
petitioned city council to prevent the opening of a PayLess

@_date: 2000-11-12 21:28:51
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Close Elections and Causality 
This is exactly what I have heard the GWBians say.
The 10,000 un-votes were described as a sign of how many people
hate both men.
My cat's breath smells like cat food.

@_date: 2000-11-13 00:34:10
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Bush Florida lead dwindles toward zero... 
make much
Does anyone know what bit of legislation this comes from?
The written text of Florida, and US law in general, seem to have
little to do with the actual actions of government... or the law
is so redundant and disorganized that any action is both
mandatory and proscribed.

@_date: 2000-11-19 21:54:17
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Florida Supreme Court freezes certification 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
IIRC, and I probably don't, the Florida constitution was recently
amended so as to make the positio9n of Secretary of State an
elected one.

@_date: 2000-11-19 22:12:23
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Florida Supreme Court freezes certification 
X-Loop: openpgp.net
Er, make that appointed.  I don't know what the 9 means.

@_date: 2000-11-22 17:37:30
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Jim Bell arrested, documents online 
Hasn't Jim Bell, master chemist, keeper of paper notes, and self
appointed angel of death to LEOs ever heard of a contact poison?
He has fluka's top 100 in his garage, but can't find a bottle of
lithium salts.
The NSA should pray a soft sentence and underwrite his efforts as
positive PR.

@_date: 2000-10-16 02:03:03
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Huh? Tarquin Fintimlinbin-Whinbimlim-Bus Stop F'Tang F'Tang Olé

@_date: 2000-10-19 21:23:17
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Reading list 
True Names and the Opening of the Cyberspace Frontier:
A study of True Names, Vernor Vinge's critically acclaimed
novella that invented the concept of cyberspace, features that
complete text of the novella, as well as articles by Richard
Stallman, John Markoff, Hans Moravec, Patricia Maes, Timothy May,
and others.
(cough cough)royalties(cough cough cough)

@_date: 2000-10-20 16:43:26
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
The point of insurance is to pool resources and spread risk; it
isn't a ponzi scheme.
If we pool $500 each, I have a 25% chance of submitting a $1000
claim and you 100%, I'm buying a television instead.

@_date: 2000-10-23 00:59:08
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
bill that
abnormalities, even
My own aside, how many votes are required before my right to
security in person and property should be violated?  50% + 1?
want it.  The
Why only American citizens?  There are entire countries whose
populations are worse off than the most poorly ensured USAian.
Doesn't your heart bleed for them?
Regardless, don't go to the trouble of raising taxes and cutting
military spending - it isn't needed.  I can personally provide a
some level of healthcare for every American citizen.  I'm
assuming quality of care isn't a consideration?

@_date: 2000-10-23 18:23:36
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Any Comments? 
have to
It sounds like a prank.  E.g.:
"Finally, Whitelaw demonstrates steganography - the art of
concealing text within more text. "Steganography is considered
the third biggest threat to US security after biological and
chemical attack," he says. "

@_date: 2000-10-25 21:55:52
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
I believe the US was ranked The study seemed to rank countries based on some pretty useless
For example, IIRC, it put a great deal of emphasis on relative
levels of care within a country.  Absolute or objective levels of
care don't matter to the sick.  That is why countries like Oman,
Cuba, and Boobabooba outranked the US: almost everyone gets
shitty, but equal, levels of care.  Everyone gets to use that
same needle.
Also, it attempted to factor out the disabled, genetic freaks,
the old and pathetic, etc. -- all of the people you care about.
Chad can't afford to support these people, the US does, so it
just wouldn't be fair if this were to be factored in.  Those
people just don't count!

@_date: 2000-10-26 00:00:56
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Prob; these rankings seem to be a fav passtime among many .ints.
The who's site won't talk to me tonight.  These are the first few
things yahoo threw at me:

@_date: 2000-10-29 22:00:37
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: [ga] An open letter to Louis Touton (was) www.ester.dyson 
Yes, but this is also the Joe Baptista who was served with this:
1. The Plaintiff claims:
       (a) damages for libel in the amount of $500,000.00;
       (b) damages for malicious falsehood in the amount of
               $500,000.00;
       (c) punitive and exemplary damages in the amount of
               $500,000.00;
       (d) an interim, interlocutory and final injunction
               restraining the Defendant from communicating with
               any person, group of persons, associations or
               corporations by facsimile transmission, computer
               facilities, including electronic mail and the
               "Internet" or in any manner whatsoever except
               direct individual communication, wherein such
               communication, either directly or indirectly,
               refers to or concerns the Plaintiff;
      (e) costs on a solicitor and client basis;
      (f) such further and other relief as this Honourable
              Court deems just.
2. The Plaintiff is and at all material times was the Chief
      of Police of the City of London Police.
3. The Defendant resides in the City of Toronto and is a
      self-described: harasser of the police; critic of
      government; bulk user of government services; and,
      administrative burden to the police.
4. On or about the 5th day of February, 1995, the Defendant
      falsely and maliciously wrote and published of and
      concerning the Plaintiff and of him in the way of his
      office as Chief of Police to Robert Riley and the public
      at large by electronic mail over the Internet, the message
      set out in Schedule "A" attached hereto.
5. On or about June 27th, 1995, the Defendant falsely and
      maliciously wrote of and concerning the Plaintiff and of
      him in the way of his office as Chief of Police by
      letter addressed to the attention of "all concerned
      as set out in Schedule "B" hereto.
6. The said letter was published by the Defendant by facsimile
      transmission to:
      (a) the police departments of the following municipalities
            the Province of Ontario:
                (i) LaSalle
                (ii) Durham Region;
                (iii) Kingston;
                (iv) Lakefield;
                (v) Brockville;
                (vi) Desoronto;
                (vii) York Region;
                (viii) Anderdon Township;
                (ix) Chatham;
                (x) Niagara Region;
                (xi) Amherstburg;
                (xii) Essex;
                (xiii) Kemptville;
                (xiv) Sudbury Region;
                (xv) Lindsay;
                (xvi) Windsor;
                (xvii) Gananoque;
                (xviii) Collingwood;
and others not presently known to the Plaintiff; and
      (b) the following media outlets in the City of London:
                (i) 6X Radio, Fanshawe College;
                (ii) CJBK Radio 1290;
                (iii) CKSL Radio 1410;
                (iv) CFPL Radio 98;
                (v) CFPL Television;
                (vi) The London free Press;
and other outlets not presently known to the Plaintiff.
7. At or about the same time, the aforesaid or similar letter
    was further published electronically by the Defendant to the
    public at large over the medium of the Internet,
    a global computer network.
8. On or about the 6th day of July, 1995, the Defendant
    falsely and maliciously wrote of and concerning the
    Plaintiff and of him in the way of his office as
    Chief of Police, as set out in Schedule "C" attached
    hereto, submissions to the Information and Privacy
    Commissioner of Ontario, purportedly pursuant to an Inquiry
    being conducted under the Municipal Freedom of Information
    Protection of Privacy Act.
9. On or about July 10th, 1995, the Defendant published the
    attached as Schedule "C" to all of those parties referred to
    in paragraph 5 above and others, by facsimile transmission
    other means of communication.
10. With respect to the complained of words contained in Schedule
    the Plaintiff pleads that the defamatory sting is contained
    within the said communication as a whole and in conjunction
    with the complained of words contained in Schedules "B" and "
c ".
11. With respect to the complained of words contained in Schedule
    the Plaintiff pleads that the defamatory sting is contained
    within the said communication as a whole and in conjunction
    with the complained of words contained in Schedules "A" and
    "C" but particularly in the following words:
                   (a) "Dr. ";
                   (b) "Attention: all concerned citizens";
                   (c) "an upcoming inquisition";
                   (d) "an investigation into the background and
                           activities of Julian Fantino";
                   (e) "family and employment history";
                   (f) "known, suspected or rumoured criminal
                           activities";
                   (g) "known, suspected or rumoured homophobic,
                           sexist, or racist activities
                           (including actions and statements)";
                   (h) "any other information of a nature that
                            might bring Mr. Fantino into
                            disrepute, and/or before justice".
12. With respect to the complained of words contained in Schedule
    the Plaintiff pleads that the following words, on their own
and in
    conjunction with the complained of words contained in
    "A" and "B", are maliciously false and defamatory of him:
        (a) "the Information and Privacy Commissioner has been
                victim to a criminal conspiracy from within the
                of the London Police Services Board";
        (b) "This process is nothing more than the police version
                of the silent scream. A futile and miscalculated
                adventure by them to avoid or minimalize
                under the Criminal Code of Canada.";
        (c) "Although the old Chief is a principal in this
crime -
                he has not been a driving force in its
                That honour goes to another who will be
                later named." (referring to the Plaintiff);
        (d) "the actions by the various police agencies to the
                court application only merit consideration as
                relate to criminal behaviour";
        (e) "this action has only been taken by the police with
                intent of avoiding and deflecting criminal
                responsibility";
        (f) "I only present these facts in support of any claims
                of wrongdoing I herein level against the various
                irresponsible police authorities as they respect
                Commissions inquiry.";
        (g) "I accuse former chief McCormick and chief Julian
                Fantino of an offence against authority and
                order. Both have conspired to maintain
                with respect to my criminal activities and as a
                result have assisted me in achieving my goals ...
                the police have at all times known and been aware
                of my criminal activity ... the police abstained
                from the proper criminal procedures and that said
                actions were with intent.";
        (h) "Apart from having his private telephone ...
                to me and details of a dysfunctional family life,
I was
                also able to confirmed(sic) Fantino is not
altogether a
                law abiding citizen.";
        (i) "they (referring to the police and the Plaintiff)
                in turn become criminal".
13. The Plaintiff pleads that the words set out in Schedule "A"
     are defamatory of him and, in their natural and ordinary
     meant and were understood to mean and were maliciously
     and published by the Defendant to be understood to mean,
     in and of themselves and in conjunction with the words set
     in Schedules "B" and illicit that the Plaintiff is:
                    (a) porcine;
                    (b) greedy;
                    (c) dirty;
                    (d) an annoying person;
                    (e) an unpleasant person;
                    (f) a slovenly person;
                    (g) a slob;
                    (h) a despicable person;
                    (i) a Neanderthal;
                    (j) primitive;
                    (k) unintelligent;
                    (l) aesthetically challenged;
                    (m) intellectually challenged; and
                    (n) prehistoric.
14. The Plaintiff pleads that the complained of words as
     in Schedule "B" and particularized in paragraph 11 above, in
     their natural and ordinary meaning, meant and were
     to mean and were maliciously written and published by the
     Defendant to be understood to mean, in and of themselves and
     conjunction with the words set out in Schedules "A" and "C"
     that the Plaintiff:
          (a) was guilty of wrongdoing and is the subject of an
                 officially sanctioned investigation being
                 by the Defendant;
          (b) was and is engaged in criminal activity;
          (c) is homophobic and was and is engaged in homophobic
                 activities;
          (d) is sexist and was and is engaged in sexist
          (e) is racist and was and is engaged in racist
          (f) does engage in and has engaged in disreputable
                  and discreditable activities;
          (g) has engaged in unlawful activities that should be
                  subject to judicial sanction;
          (h) has breached his oath and duty as a police officer
                  and Chief of Police; and
          (i) has not conducted himself as a police officer and
                  of Police in accordance with law, honesty and
15. The Plaintiff pleads that the complained of words in Schedule
     hereto, as particularized in paragraph 12 above, in their
     and ordinary meaning, meant and were understood to mean and
     maliciously written and published by the Defendant to be
     to mean, in and of themselves and in conjunction with the
words set
     out in Schedules "A" and "B", that the Plaintiff:
          (a) has contravened the criminal law;
          (b) is a criminal;
          (c) has engaged in a criminal conspiracy;
          (d) has, by a criminal action, victimized the
                  and Privacy Commissioner;
          (e) has breached his public duty as a police officer
                  Chief of Police;
          (f) has engaged in civil proceedings involving the
                  Information and Privacy Commissioner in order
                  subvert the criminal law and/or to prevent
                  exposure and prosecution for his own criminal
          (g) is a criminal ringleader;
          (h) is participating in wrongdoing and unlawful
          (i) has covered up criminal wrongdoing; and
                 is an unfit husband and father.
17. The Plaintiff pleads that the complained of words published
by the
     Defendant were calculated to and did disparage the Plaintiff
in his
     calling as a police officer and Chief of Police.
18. Furthermore, the Plaintiff pleads that the Defendant
published the
     complained of words out of malevolence or spite towards the
     Plaintiff,
19. By reason of the publication of the complained of words by
     Defendant, the Plaintiff has been much injured in his credit
     reputation and has been brought into scandal, odium and
     and has thereby suffered damage.
20. The Defendant intends to continue the publication of the same
     similar defamatory charges against the Plaintiff;
21. Further and in the alternative, the Plaintiff pleads that the
     complained of words set out in Schedules "A", "B" and "C"
and as
     particularized in paragraphs 11, 12 and 13 are untrue, were
     published with express malice and constitute malicious
22. The Plaintiff pleads and relies upon Section 19 of the Libel
     Slander Act, R. S. 0. 1990, Chapter L12 as amended.
23. The Plaintiff proposes that this action be tried at the City
     London, in the County of Middlesex.
And responded, unsuccessfully, with this:
STATEMENT OF DEFENCE AND COUNTERCLAIM
1. The defendant admits the allegations contained in paragraphs
2, 3
and 8 of the statement of claim.
2. The defendant denies the allegations contained in paragraphs
1, 7
(page 3), 5, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 17, 18, 20 and 21 of the
of claim.
3. The defendant has no knowledge in respect of the allegations
contained in paragraphs 6, 7 (page 5), 9 and 19 of the statement
of claim.
4. The defendant is the system administrator to planet earth.
5. The defendant is an internet god.
6. The defendant is at war with the government of Canada du jour.
7. The defendant is the government of Canada de facto.
8. The defendant is inquisitor to Alberto Araujo Cunha, sometimes
known as Albert Araujo, Albert Cunha, Alberto Cunha, and Alberto
a priest to the roman catholic order and reformed cocaine dealer.
9. The defendant is inquisitor to Julian Fantino the plaintiff to
this action.
10. The defendant by act of war warns this court that it has no
jurisdiction in this action.
11. The defendant by inquisition advises the court that limited
jurisdiction is granted this court with respect to facilitating
continued inquisition of Julian Fantino a plaintiff to this
12. The defendant admits the allegations contained in paragraph 2
the statement of claim. The defendant has been successfully at
war with
the government of Canada du jour, and associated entities since
April 1993.
13. The defendant denies the allegations contained in paragraph 7
(page 3) of the statement of claim. The electronic mail
set out in Schedule A of the plaintiffs statement of claim is a
communication which does not comply with network news transfer
standards employed by the posting agent at the host server at
14. The defendant denies the allegations contained in paragraph 5
the statement of claim. The defendant believes the document set
out in
schedule B to the plaintiffs statement of claim originated from
ExtraTerrestrial Archives (ETA) an independent agent and
archivists to
the inquisition of Julian Fantino. The defendant however is
unable to
verify the ETAs authorship of the stated document since ETA
access to internet public inquisitors is denied.
15. The defendant further claims that any individual with an
account may access the necessary documents and files that can
the defendants letterhead and signature in electronic form.
16. The defendant further claims that the document set out in
schedule B to the plaintiffs statement of claim is in form and
acceptable to the defendant as a inquisition document.
17. The defendant admits the allegations contained in paragraph 8
the statement of claim but denies that the submissions made under
Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act to
Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario were in any way
false or
malicious. The defendant further claims that the document set out
schedule C to the plaintiffs statement of claim is not a true
copy of the
original text published by the Information and Privacy
Commissioner of
18. The defendant further claims that the plaintiff has
the criminal law of Canada, is a criminal and has engaged in a
conspiracy with one William McCormick a former police chief to
Metropolitan Toronto Police.
19. The defendant further claims that the plaintiff has engaged
unlawful activities and has breached his public duty as a police
and Chief of Police.
20. The defendant further claims that as a result of this
activity the public and the Information and Privacy Commissioner
been victimized by the plaintiff.
21. The defendant further claims that as a result of this
activity government processes and democratic principals have been
jeopardized by the plaintiff.
22. The defendant by declaration of war further claims that the
criminal behavior exhibited by the plaintiff is good and has
served the
defendants purposes and goals in destabilizing government
structures and
23. The defendant denies the allegations contained in paragraph
11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 21 of the plaintiffs statement of claim.
defendant did not author the documents contained in schedule A
and B to
the plaintiffs statement of claim and therefore any reference to
documents in support of any allegation is void and irrelevant.
24. The defendant pleads that he agrees with the interpretation
schedule C to the plaintiffs statement of claim contained in
15. (a), 15. (b), 15. (c), 15. (d), 15. (e), 15. (f), 15. (h) and
15. (i).
25. The defendant has no knowledge of the allegation contained in
paragraph 15. (g) of the plaintiffs statement of claim. The
pleads and believes that the plaintiff does not have the
necessary skills
or competence to be a criminal ringleader.
26. The defendant has no knowledge of the allegations contained
paragraph 15. (j).
27. The defendant pleads that as inquisitor to Julian Fantino,
defendant has received privileged information concerning the
sexual and
private activities of the plaintiffs family.
28. The defendant further pleads that this information was
at length with the defendants associates.
29. The defendant further pleads that these conversations were
private and have not yet been placed on the public record.
30. The defendant further pleads that the plaintiff has
gained access to transcripts of these conversations.
31. The defendant further pleads the plaintiffs allegations
in paragraph 15. (j) that he is an unfit husband and father is a
reflection not of the plaintiffs interpretation of schedule C but
interpretation of information from transcripts unlawfully
32. The defendant denies the allegations contained in paragraph
of the plaintiffs statement of claim. The plaintiff at all times
been manipulated and directed to serve the defendants authority.
defendant further pleads the plaintiff has been instrumental in
furthering the defendants objectives.
33. The defendant pleads that he has no malevolence or spite
the plaintiff.
34. The defendant claims:
        (a) damages for libel in the amount of $500,000.00;
        (b) damages for malicious falsehood in the amount of
        (c) punitive and exemplary damages in the amount of
        (d) an interim, interlocutory and final injunction
restraining the plaintiff from communicating with any person,
group of
persons, associations, police forces, governments agencies and
departments or media in any manner, including individual
either directly or indirectly, as it refers to or concerns the
        (e) a autographed color picture of the plaintiffs anus;
        (f) costs on a solicitor and client basis;
        (g) such further and other relief as this court deems
or unjust.
35. The defendant is an inquisitor of the order of arcon.
36. The defendant as inquisitor has conducted himself
honestly, with integrity and in keeping with the principals and
of the arconian committee of inquisition.
37. The defendant as inquisitor has conducted various aspects of
inquisition on behalf of the committee of inquisition:
        (a) Robert George Spencer, being the investigation and
promotion of political activities in fraud;
        (b) Thomas Clifford, being a report into political
and crimes against children, inquisition pending due to health of
        (c) John Eakins, being a report into political activities
crimes against children;
        (d) Roy McMurtry, being the purchase of the same,
        (e) James Kalan, being the purchase of the same,
terminated due to death by random violence;
        (f) Sid Balcom, being a report into guardianship and
against children, application for inquisition pending the
availability of
an inquisitor;
        (g) Marion Boyd, being an investigation and application
inquisition pending the availability of an inquisitor;
        (h) Alberto Araujo Cunha, inquisition active and pending
investigation of the roman catholic order;
        (i) Julian Fantino, inquisition active and moved to
forum at the request of the subject.
38. The defendant claims the plaintiff has made wild, insane and
malicious accusations against the defendant as an individual and
39. On or about September 1st, 1995 the plaintiff gave an
to XTRA magazine, set out in schedule A, in which he referred to
defendant as:
        (a) This is a situation out of control,;
        (b) The hate mongering, the spreading of propaganda and
malicious attacks on the institution of policing.;
        (c) Its more then societys prepared to take.;
        (d) I am a victim, am I not.;
        (e) I have merely incurred his wrath because I have
professionally, honestly, with integrity, in keeping with my oath
office, brought to bring some relief to this anarchist movement
promotes - and got in his way.;
        (f) That suggestion is unfair.;
        (g) Mr. Baptista is attacking me for what I have done in
capacity as police chief.
40. On or about September 1st, 1995, Dianne Haskett, mayor to the
city of London, in the county of Middlesex, did also give an
interview to
XTRA magazine in which she said of the defendant:
        (a) I believe other action would of been more effective.;
        (b) We have heard a lot about threatening communications
by Mr. Baptista.;
        (c) I think they should be explored to see if they
the Criminal Code.;
        (d) To try to curtail someones access to the internet
beyond what we are capable of, even in this lawsuit.;
        (e) This is something not even the computer community
you can do.
41. The defendant pleads that the plaintiff, and individuals
associated and under the direction of the plaintiff, have with
and malice given interviews to various press and media persons
with the
intention of harming and damaging the defendants reputation.
42. The defendant pleads that the plaintiff has used his office
chief of police to the city of London, in the county of Middlesex
cause hatred and harm towards the defendant through hate
mongering and
the spreading of malicious propaganda.
43. The defendant pleads that the complained of words contained
schedule A are maliciously false and defamatory of him.
44. The defendant pleads that the plaintiff is a disgrace to his
office and profession.
45. The defendant proposes that this action be tried before a
jury at
the city of London, in the county of Middlesex.
                                        Inquisitor to Julian

@_date: 2000-09-08 19:10:02
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Check this out: http://www.antivore.com 
Easy-as-pie carnivore defeating email encryption?
How does Antivore work?
Antivore is a special application which sits between the user and
their mail server. The application is server-based which means
that as an individual you need to contact your IT department or
your ISP to request the encryption services that Antivore can
So I send my cleartext email to my ISP... who has been served
with a search warrant and a small black box... and they will
encrypt it, and then forward the cyphertext through their mail
server and THEN through the carnivore box?
I hope the FBI special agent assigned to my ISP was hired under
some sort of affirmative action programme.

@_date: 2000-09-17 22:13:56
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
Did the U.S. senate finally ratify the Canada Annexation Treaty?

@_date: 2000-09-18 02:14:09
@_author: Me 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
My Deity!  This from Joe Baptista?  It must be a forged message.
Next we will hear that Joe takes lunch with Julian Fantino.
Perhaps the Doctor has been granted an opportunity to pay off
some debts by working for Project Guardian.

@_date: 2001-02-04 01:43:32
@_author: Me 
@_subject: pre paid cellphones 
preface: i know nothing about cell phones.  i have never used one before.
please dont laugh at me.
i need a throw-away pre-paid cell phone to use tommorow.  just tommorow, so im
not looking to waste $ on anything besides a pre-paid phone.
i am in canada, will use it here, and want to buy it here.  e.g. one of those
$100 fido or bell solo phones.
i will also need to use it in the united states.
can anyone tell me if these phones are capable of working in the united
thanks. :P

@_date: 2001-02-13 16:02:57
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Here you have, ;o) 
Using Outlook Express 5 here, and nothing is hidden.  Both extensions
(.jpg.vbs) are shown on this attachment.

@_date: 2001-02-13 18:05:09
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Please delete one of the references in your archive 
Well, now there are two letters with your name on it.  You are only making
things worse.
We will consider removing these messages if you will:
* Include us in a random draw for a gift certificate of $500
* Send us a copy of your Ph.D. thesis research in a summarized fashion
Thank you

@_date: 2001-02-13 18:14:30
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Here you have, ;o) 
My standard Windows settings are to hide extensions for known file-types --
ignoring questions of sanity, it is prettier and I generally don't run any
program I am unfamiliar with regardless of file extension.
If there is a separate option for changing this behaviour only within Outlook
Express, I am not even aware it exists.

@_date: 2001-02-13 20:49:22
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Here you have, ;o) 
View->[X] Hide file extensions for known file types
If there is another option that alters this, or overrides it in OE5, I do not
know of it and have not changed it from it's default.

@_date: 2001-02-14 11:27:45
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Here you have, ;o) 
And, if you are so concerned about CP's purity of discussion, why are you
cluttering it with this?
If you need instructions on how to use a mail-filter, I would be happy to

@_date: 2001-02-16 00:08:29
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Keep my fettuccini out of the microwave. 
From-Mail: From-Name: wired link "It's like giving them the opportunity to rule the world," says the head of a
marketing association for a product that is giving people 'Big Brother' fears.

@_date: 2001-01-07 21:35:00
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Janet Reno on IP, piracy and terrorism 
Think the
ultra-fascist voting
Yes, but I bet he will burn very few children to death in a
church during his first year.
Nothing short of him raping babies with a ricin dildo while
banning swear words on the internet as he runs naked through a
synagogue singing horst wessel could put him below Reno.
And what the hell is an ultra-fascist?

@_date: 2001-01-08 18:10:08
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Bell Case Subpoena 
Will they pay any transportation (airline) expenses before the
If so, I have a large number of old newspapers and phone-books to
give you.

@_date: 2001-01-12 21:12:32
@_author: Me 
@_subject: An example of Tim's confusion... 
In that message, Tim appears to say that the HK-91 is .308,
compared to the HK-93 which is .223.  This is correct.  It is
clearer if you read his original post, instead of your message
that quotes it.

@_date: 2001-01-16 15:23:03
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Rapid5 Networks, Inc. 
job?  If you
His name is Jim Choate; ravage at ssz.com.

@_date: 2001-01-16 20:41:08
@_author: Me 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
thought this
Quite right, I am very concerned.
Lets examine the page:
"He has voted against affirmative action and anti-discrimination
laws, against a crucial AIDS provision."
Excellent, he is clearly a firm supporter of civil liberties.
Unfortunately, I don't see any place on your web page to voice my
support for his nomination?

@_date: 2001-01-17 01:29:46
@_author: Me 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
This is bad.  But damage control is good.
If I recall, there were only 16 senators who voted against the
CDA, and most of them were in other ways broken (e.g. Ted K.).
Luckily these things keep getting tossed by the courts before the
first assault team can be assembled.
On the other hand, he has been a strong (as it gets) voice for
things such as encryption.
Your separation of church and state is imaginary.  The 1st
Amendment states:
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of
religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."
In two of the three anti-Ashcroft points listed on your website,
school vouchers and social service privitization/contracting, the
claim is silly; the ultimate recipients of funds may be
religious, but that occurs either by private choice or by judging
a religious organization by the same criteria as any other and
ignoring its theo-aspects.  Religion neutral.
Courtside, e.g.: Witters v. Washington D.S.B. or Zobrest v.
Catalina F.S.D., etc.
The third point is Ashcroft's support of a measure that would
allow individual students to, of their own choice, volition, and
organizing pray in school (or before a school football game?).
I can't understand how the courts can accept the gov't compelling
students to attend gov't educational installations for most of
the day for the first xx-years of their life by force of law, and
order them by the same to ignore the Great Pumpkin and stop that
free-exercise, without violating Go Ashcroft.
The chance of getting John Lott nominated is pretty slim; roll
the dice again and we'll probably end up with the senior Senator
from Utah.
I've become resigned to speaking for my own right to bear arms,
symbolizing it would be good too.

@_date: 2001-01-17 15:47:18
@_author: Me 
@_subject: oppose nomination of John Ashcroft 
support of
sunsets. So
Yep; he is a slimy bastard trying to get his nomination
confirmed.  Thankfully, he didn't hold these opinions when he was
a Senator.
Who is the absolutist and unwavering pro-drug, pro-economy,
pro-life, pro-2nd-amendment, pro-1st-amendment, pro-freedom
candidate that will be stepping in after Ashcroft is defeated?

@_date: 2001-01-23 17:12:41
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
The response we sent is a narn bat sqaud, they should be arriving
Additionally, accomodations are being made for your son at a
Cypherpunks safe house, where he will will have all the privacy
he wants as he views his kidporn.

@_date: 2001-01-23 23:21:46
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Excuse me, Mr. Blank Frank 
What he means, is that he doesn't want to share his password
because he feels it is none of your business.  He is also
reluctant to tell you to FOAD.
One of those 'or something's, probably.

@_date: 2001-01-25 11:59:53
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Closing in on Lori Banks' son 
A warning, don't be shocked to find Ms. Banks desiccated cadaver
and lil-John in a wig and dress.

@_date: 2001-01-29 15:18:45
@_author: Me 
@_subject: Captain Crunch 
I guess there is no market in being a personal hygene consultant.
Odd, though, I would have thought this guy's level of hax0r
technical skill would have made him more suited to being a music
teacher than a security advisor.

@_date: 2001-01-30 01:10:38
@_author: Me 
@_subject: hi 
You also have a bug called Kakworm.
Head to Symantec to get a program to fix this problem, and then
to Microsoft to get a patch for Outlook to block the horrible
evil gaping security hole that this nasty proggy came in through.

@_date: 2001-01-30 10:52:03
@_author: Me 
@_subject: hi 
pretty much
hols that
the preview
look at a
Microsoft did release a patch for this, which can be found here:
When I view his message on my patched machine, Windows pops up a
'You crazy?' dialogue box as the script starts to run.
OTOH, Microsoft can't be trusted too far, so please let me know
if I am sending out a snippet of evil code with this message. :)

@_date: 2001-01-30 13:05:29
@_author: Me 
@_subject: hi 
Of course it will be faster and more stable, he will never run a single
program on it.
I'm sure your message was a joke, but, he won't get it and everyone else first
heard it years ago.
Also, if you are running W2K and are suffering regular crashes the problem is
operator error, not Windows.
I have been running it for a bit more than a year, and have never had a box
crash or had to reboot for a problem that wasn't related to electricity.  I
can't say either of those things about a single one of the comps running Linux

@_date: 2001-01-30 15:24:31
@_author: Me 
@_subject: hi 
Yes, that is fairly accurate.  Not particularly relevant though, since he was
only knocking Windows.  I wouldn't have gone to so much trouble to express it,
