
@_date: 1996-07-25 14:02:18
@_author: Conrad_Burns@burns.senate.gov 
@_subject: Open Letter to the Net from Sens. Burns, Pressler & Ashcroft 
AN OPEN INVITATION TO THE INTERNET COMMUNITY FROM MEMBERS OF
     THE SENATE COMMERCE COMMITTEE
     July 23, 1996
     This week, the Senate Commerce Committee will take a historic step      forward toward enhancing citizens participation in the democratic      process via the Internet.  On Thursday July 25 the Committee's hearing      on S. 1726, the "Pro-CODE" Act of 1996 will be cybercast live on the      Internet.
     As many of you are well aware, the debate over US encryption policy is      of vital importance to the future development of the Internet and the      privacy of all Americans.   We are writing to invite you to join us in      this unique event. And to help the Committee better understand your      concerns about privacy and security on the Internet, we are inviting      you to submit your thoughts for the hearing record via the World Wide      Web and to discuss the issues with us and members of our staff live      online during the hearing.
     Information on how you can join the cybercast, submit your thoughts      for the record, and participate in an online discussion with      encryption experts, members of the committee, and other concerned      individuals are available at:
          Witnesses scheduled to testify at Thursday's hearing include:
     * Louis Freeh,  FBI Director
     * William Reinsch, Undersecretary, Bureau of Export Administration,
     Dept. of Commerce
     * William P. Crowell, Deputy Director, NSA
     * James Barksdale, CEO Netscape Communications Corporation      * Grover Norquist, Director, Americans for Tax Reform
     * Roel Pieper, Pres/CEO Tandem Computer      * Ambassador Michael Skol
     The Cybercast, which is being coordinated by the Center for Democracy      and Technology, Voters Telecommunications Watch, HotWired, DIGEX, and      Mike Rawson of Senator Burns' office, has four components.  These are:
     1. LIVE AUDIO CYBERCAST: The audio portion of the hearing will be
     cybercast live online in real-time. Anyone with RealAudio installed on      their computers (available free at  will be      able to listen in on the hearing.  Audio transcripts will also be      archived online at  after the      hearing.
     2. REAL-TIME PICTURES: Pictures from the hearing will also be uploaded
     to the World Wide Web in real time throughout the hearing.
     3. SIMULTANEOUS ONLINE DISCUSSION FORUM: Netizens can also join a live
     discussion forum where encryption experts and Commerce Committee staff      while they listen to the audio portion of the hearing.  This provides      an opportunity to discuss the issues raised by the testimony in real      time with knowledgeable experts and Congressional staff. Several      members of the Commerce Committee may also join the discussion      periodically (TBA).
     4. TESTIMONY FOR THE RECORD: Netizens can also submit their thoughts      on the  legislation for the record via the World Wide Web.  Details      are posted at the       Finally, detailed background information on the encryption debate can      be found at the following World Wide Web sites:
     Senator Conrad Burns (R-MT)           -       Senator Larry Pressler (R-SD)      -        Senator John Ashcroft (R-MO)        -
     Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT)          -       The Encryption Policy Resource Page   -      The Internet Privacy Coalition        -      Your thoughts and comments on this issue are extremely helpful to us      as we continue to push for passage of legislation to enhance privacy      and security on the Internet. We hope you will join us on Thursday for      this important experiment in the future of democracy.
     Sincerely,
     Sen. Conrad Burns
     Sen. Larry Pressler
     Sen. John Ashcroft

@_date: 1996-05-03 16:43:04
@_author: Conrad_Burns@burns.senate.gov 
@_subject: Open Letter to Internet Community From Senator Burns 
OPEN LETTER TO THE INTERNET COMMUNITY
     May 2, 1996
     Dear friends:
     As an Internet user, you are no doubt aware of some of the hurdles the      federal government has put up that limit the growth and full potential      of exciting, emerging technologies.  One of the most egregious of      these has been the governmentally set limits on so-called "encryption"      technologies.  Today I am introducing a bill to address this major      problem for businesses and users of the Internet.      If the telecommunications law enacted this year is a vehicle to      achieve real changes in the ways we interact with each other      electronically, my bill is the engine that will allow this vehicle to      move forward.  The bill would promote the growth of electronic      commerce, encourage the widespread availability to strong privacy and      security technologies for the Internet, and repeal the out-dated      regulations prohibiting the export of encryption technologies.
     This legislation is desperately needed because the Clinton      administration continues to insist on restricting encryption exports,      without regard to the harm this policy has on American businesses'      ability to compete in the global marketplace or the ability of      American citizens to protect their privacy online.  Until we get the      federal government out of the way and encourage the development of      strong cryptography for the global market, electronic commerce and the      potential of the Internet will not be realized.
     The last thing the Net needs are repressive and outdated regulations      prohibiting the exports of strong privacy and security tools and      making sure that the government has copies of the keys to our private      communications.  Yet this is exactly the situation we have today.
     My new bill, the Promotion of Commerce On-Line in the Digital Era      (Pro-CODE) Act of 1996, would:
     - Allow for the unrestricted export of "mass-market" or      "public-domain" encryption programs, including such products as Pretty      Good Privacy and popular World Wide Web browsers.
     - Require the Secretary of Commerce to allow the unrestricted export      of other encryption technologies if products of similar strength are      generally available outside the United States.
     - Prohibit the federal government from imposing mandatory key-escrow      encryption policies on the domestic market and limit the authority of      the Secretary of Commerce to set standards for encryption products.
     Removing export controls will dramatically increase the domestic      availability of strong, easy-to-use privacy and security products and      encourage the use of the Internet as a forum of secure electronic      commerce. It will also undermine the Clinton Administration's      "Clipper" proposals which have used export restrictions as leverage to      impose policies that guarantee government access to our encryption      keys.
     The Pro-CODE bill is similar to a bill I co-authored with Senator      Patrick Leahy of Vermont, except that it highlights the importance of      encryption to electronic commerce and the need to dramatically change      current policy to encourage its growth.  My bill does not add any new      criminal provisions and does not establish legal requirements for      key-escrow agents.
     Over the coming months, I plan to hold hearings on this bill and      encourage a public debate on the need to change the Clinton      Administration's restrictive export control policies.  I will need      your support as we move forward towards building a global Internet      that is good for electronic commerce and privacy.  I look forward to      working with the Internet community, online activists, and the      computer and communications industry as this proposal moves through      Congress.
     I'd like to hear from you, so please join me on two upcoming online      events to talk about the new bill.  The first is on America Online in      the News Room auditorium at 9 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on May 6.       The second will be on Hotwired's Chat at 9 p.m. EDT on May 13.
     In the meantime, I need your help in supporting the effort to repeal      cryptography export controls.  You can find out more by visiting my      web page   There you will find a      collection of encryption education resources that my Webmaster has      assembled.  I trust that the entire Internet community, from the      old-timers to those just starting to learn about encryption, will find      this information useful.
     This bill is vital to all Americans, from everyday computer users and      businesses to manufacturers of computer software and hardware.  I very      much look forward to working with you on this issue.
     Conrad Burns
     United States Senator
