
@_date: 1993-02-11 13:46:35
@_author: Lord Among Panthers 
@_subject: Timed-Release Crypto 
Robin  sez
The escrow services could run the time-key servers (since without the time-key servers, there would be less business for the escrow services).  Getting keys
would then be free and the cost of running the server could be subsidised from the cost of storing the message.

@_date: 1993-03-10 15:03:31
@_author: Lord Among Panthers 
@_subject: Hidden encrypted messages 
There is an even simpler solution.  Encrypt your message as you
normally would, and what do you end up with?  A bunch of seemingly
random bits.  Wrap a little header around it claiming it is data from
a Johnson-Noise measurement experiment, or some such thing.  To
increase plausibility, you can build yourself a Johnson Noise
measurement aparatus (all you need is a high-sensativity voltmeter and
a resistor).

@_date: 1993-05-19 11:11:05
@_author: Lord Among Panthers 
@_subject: A good venue for distributing Clipper info perhaps 
Topic> npr
Station: Internet Multicasting Service
Channel: Internet Town Hall
Program: National Public Radio meets the Internet
Release: May 21, 1993, 2-3PM EDT
Content: Talk of the Nation/Science Friday
On May 21, we will be joining the Internet to National Public
Radio for a special edition of Talk of the Nation/Science Friday.
Host Ira Flatow will field questions from users sitting in front
of computers as well as users sitting next to telephones.  Questions
from the Internet will come from videoconferencing tools on the
Multicast Backbone (MBONE) using a gateway provided by Ron Fredrick
and Steve Deering of Xerox PARC.
(If you don't have MBONE connectivity now, you probably won't have it
by Friday.  To learn more about the multicast backbone, ftp to isi.edu
and get the file /mbone/faq.txt.  If you do have MBONE connectivity,
check SD for a listing for Internet Town Hall.)
In addition to the audio link, we will have two other ways to
participate.  First, starting now, you can send mail to ira at radio.com
with your comments and questions.  Some of this mail may be read as
part of the show.  We encourage you to narrow your your comments to
subject of the Internet, how it is used, and the future of networking
in the western world.
Second, with the help of Rick Gates, we will be conducting an Internet
Treasure Hunt and reading the results over the air.  The purpose of
hunt is to illustrate the diversity of methods and data available on
the network.  The questions will be posted on the network 24 hours
before the show and will be read by Ira Flatow at the beginning of
the show.
Even if you don't participate with a computer for this show, we hope
you will listen to your local National Public Radio affiliate.  Guests
will include Carl Malamud, Brewster Kahle, and Tim O'Reilly.  For
those of you that have computers but no NPR affiliate, we will tape
the show and send it out as an audio file approximately 48 hours after
it airs.
Participants in the Internet Town Hall include Cornell University,
the National Press Club, the National Science Foundation, O'Reilly &
Associates, Sun Microsystems, WAIS, Inc., Xerox PARC, and many others.
Network connectivity for the Internet Town Hall is provided by UUNET
For information on Internet Talk Radio, write to info at radio.com.
More information on Internet Town Hall will be available shortly.
For a current, partial listing of sites, write to sites at radio.com.
