
@_date: 1993-02-03 13:03:37
@_author: covin@cs.uchicago.edu 
@_subject: remailer modification: mailing list demon 
I have just joined this list, but I'm told that there was a recent discussion
about the problem of mailing-list aliases making the names of all the list
members publically available.  I.e., if you've established a mailing list
via a sendmail alias, certain sendmail commands will return the list of mailing
addresses associated with the alias.
I had been considering writing a mail-redistributing program, structurally similar to the user-account anonymous remailers, to get around this problem.
I'm told that this was discussed on this list, and that the conclusion was that
the sendmail hole could actually be plugged using regular sendmail features.
Could someone send me either a copy or a pointer to a copy of that discussion,
and/or the sendmail fix?
Thanks much,
                            -David

@_date: 1993-02-09 07:52:26
@_author: covin@cs.uchicago.edu 
@_subject: E Pluribus Unum 
What excellent timing you have.  I recently received this from a
[Forwarded, now several times...]
   January 31, 1993
                Important Information RE: E-Mail to the White House
        Yesterday, I saw several postings related to the E-mail address
   for the White House.  Along with a good number of others, I worked
   throughout the campaign as part of a network of E-mail volunteers
   for the Clinton campaign, so I can pass along some important
   information about that E-mail account.  The account is actually the
   personal compuserve account of Jock Gill.  Jock worked hard (along
   with a handful of programming volunteers, BBS operators, listserver
   maintainers, and computer sophisticates at places such as Marist
   College, MIT, San Francisco, Chicago, and elsewhere) during the
   campaign to put together an E-mail system for national campaigning.
   The system was later expanded to accommodate all three major
   Presidential campaigns.  It was an innovative, highly successful
   effort and it played a huge role in getting campaign position
   statements out to a wide public.  Things posted from that address
   found their way into the virtual reality as the messages got passed
   along many networks from their original posting.  Several weeks
   before the Inauguration of President Clinton, Jeff Eller was
   appointed by the President-Elect to have overall charge of
   establishing something which has never existed--an interactive
   public access E-mail system into the White House and into other
   offices of the administration.  Jock Gill was then hired by the
   administration to work under Jeff Eller.  Currently, Jock Gill is
   working in an office located in the Old Executive Office Building
   across the street from the White House.  At this point, he is
   working alone, without a staff.  His current assignment is to use
   the E-mail system (as during the campaign) to issue official copies
   of White House statements, the texts of press briefings and press
   conferences, copies of Executive Orders and Presidential Memos, and
   the like to the virtual world of E-mail.  Since the compuserve box
   is a regular personal mail box, it gets filled quickly, especially
   given the high volume of mail now beginning to arrive with the broad
   dissemination of his address.  Those of you who have sent E-mail to
   that address may well have received an error message stating that
   the box is full.  That's another way of saying it has been
   overwhelmed.  Jock has asked those of us who have been part of the
   volunteer E-mail team to help him out while he works to get a good
   interactive system up and running.  Basically, he has asked that
   everyone cooperate and not begin sending a barrage of E-mail to that
   compuserve address.  The White House itself employs a large staff to
   handle snail mail.  Actually, at this point in the development of
   the White House E-mail system, you will probably get your message
   through to the administration quicker through ordinary snail mail
   and telephone.  Later, once the administration's E-mail team
   develops the system they want and need, E-mail contacts should
   became the easier route.  All things in their time.  Once the E-mail
   address was circulated together with the heading the "White House",
   everyone understandably believed a real system was up and running.
   Not quite yet.
   SUGGESTION:  Use the compuserve address you have judiciously,
   reserving it for absolutely vital contacts.  Until such time that a
   real public access White house E-mail system is operational,
   consider relying on the traditional means of contacting the
   administration.  Given what they had to start with from the previous
   administration (scratch), I have every reason to expect that Jeff
   Eller and Jock Gill will work well--and as quickly as possible--to
   get an interactive system up and running.  But it will take time and
   patience.  We can all help them achieve that effort best if we
   refrain from acting as if that non-existent system were already in
   place.  PLEASE HELP RELAY THIS CONTEXT AND SUGGESTION TO OTHER
   NETWORKS AND INDIVIDUALS.  Thanks.
                Snail Mail Address and Phone Numbers -- White House
        White House Numbers:
            The President                 (202) 456-1414
            White House Comment Line      (202) 456-1111
                 (To register your opinion on an issue)
            When bill signed or vetoed    (202) 456-2226
            Vice President                (202) 456-2326
                                          (202) 456-7125
        Mailing Address:
            The White House
            1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W.
            Washington DC  20500
   ------
        Jon Darling
        PITT/Johnstown  -- January 31,

@_date: 1993-02-21 07:08:13
@_author: covin@cs.uchicago.edu 
@_subject: whistleblower newsgroup? 
Well, now here's an idea that might help to sell anonymity: what if a
major world power were governed under a republican system in which votes
for public officials were filed anonymously, to protect each citizen's
right to unrestricted political opinions?
                            -David

@_date: 1993-02-23 12:22:27
@_author: covin@cs.uchicago.edu 
@_subject: Digital Money/Anonymous mailing: an idea 
I haven't yet read enough on digital money to know the intricacies,
but here's a possible use (note that a variant of this is possible *now*,
due to the extremely insecure way that credit card charges are handled):
If a good way of implementing digital cash were found (maybe it has been?),
it would be possible to operate a truly anonymous *commercial* remailer.
You send the remailer a message, encrypted by its public key, containing
the message you want re-sent, the destination, and *payment for the service*.
For hit&run anonymity the remailer doesn't even need to ever know who you
The main advantage of this is that it would allow someone to run a remailer
without having to fund it out of the goodness of their heart...  It's a
valuable service, and I'm sure there's a market... Also, it would provide a
*real* use for digital cash, thus starting the ball rolling on that...
                            -David

@_date: 1993-07-25 09:58:13
@_author: covin@cs.uchicago.edu 
@_subject: Remailers/PayPhones and Today's NYT 
Hm.  Perhaps it is.  On the other hand, it could also be a combination
of a little bit of greed for power with a bit of genuine fear and despair.
You see, if the Chicago Tribune can be believed, there are actual citizens'
groups lobbying for the removal of pay phones from certain areas of the
city.  Groups of citizens who *live* in those same areas.
These folk claim that public pay phones attract drug dealers, presumably
because of the semi-anonymity they provide.  I don't know personally how
true this claim is, but I can understand the advantages that a pay phone
might offer to a drug dealer.  Sure, the "big time" dealers might not
use anything as plebian as a public pay phone, but drugs are a big booming
business, and clearly there are far more small-time dealers than big-time
They further claim that drug dealers attract violence.  I don't know myself
if this is true, but I do know from reading the paper that an absurdly large
number of people are killed in Chicago by stray bullets shot by drug dealers
in conflicts with each other.  And, of course, still more folks who *are*
drug dealers are killed directly, each year.
Finally, they claim that merchants in certain areas are pandering to the
drug-dealer market for pay phones by installing far more than one would
otherwise think necessary.  I haven't seen this myself, but the article I
read did mention what seemed like unusually large clusters (street corners
with 7-10 pay phones).
That's the fear and despair bit.  It could be bigotry, it could be classism--
but stray bullets are damn good motivators too, and here in Chicago we have
a lot of them.
As for greed: this could be a factor, it might not.  At least one alderman
has made it illegal to install new pay phones in his ward without his explicit
permission.  Clearly this adds to his power.  The same fellow has made much
of his public name in recent campaigning against these public pay phones,
and threatening to take an axe to them himself if some of them weren't
removed.  Make of this what you will.
How much more evidence do I need that it's a simple matter of bigotry
and classism?  Well, a bit more than I've seen so far.
Cypherpunk content?  This is a damn good illustration of the problems that
can crop up with an anonymous service.  Though services on the net have the
advantage of not being tied to a physical location, like pay phones are;
so they probably won't serve to attract a "bad element" to any particular
place.  On the other hand, any sort of public terminal service offering encrypted email, might very well.
                            -David

@_date: 1993-03-11 11:22:47
@_author: covin@cs.uchicago.edu 
@_subject: Hiding Encrypted Messages 
I thought the point of hiding the message in a sound or picture file
was to *hide* it, not to gain additional encryption.  Any encryption
you want to do on the message is a separate issue.  Hiding the bits is
just supposed to keep anyone from *trying* to decrypt it in the first
place, and/or to allow you to claim if the message is intercepted that
you weren't *really* sending encrypted messages.
I suspect that if someone manages to decrypt the message, you just flat-out
lose on the "plausible deniability" question.  At least, if the message is
fairly long, coherent, grammatical, etc.  It's just too unlikely that a
long coherent message will be hidden in any regular way in an otherwise
random sequence of bits.  A little statistical analysis might allow some
happy government cryptographers to tell you exactly *how* unlikely it is
that they'd find a message in your data by chance...
As another way to muddy the waters, you might try making the original plaintext a bit muddled, ungrammatical, semi-incoherent, rife with misspellings, etc... :)
                            -David
that are ahead of the mainstream, oriented towards the near-future.
This includes all realms of what is commonly called "new edge",
"technoculture", or "cyberculture" -- a mishmash of postmodernism,
psychedelics, hacking, raves, cyberspace, industrial music, cyberpunk
fiction and realities, etc., that are proving to be important
constructs in the evolution of world culture.
The file continues to grow and morph, and the initial response to it
prompted me to begin the FutureCulture E-List.  Those who share an
interest in the topics discussed in the file can participate in
in-depth or light-hearted discussions via the FutureCulture E-list,
which has proven to be an interesting and unique addition to the
vastness of cyberspace.
Readers and participants in FutureCulture have included at one time or
another a wide variety of sociologists and anthropoligists, authors
and writers, hackers, scientists, students, and prominent "cyber-"
oriented figures.
For a long time, I have dismissed print media in wake of the
interaction I saw occuring via e-media, such as the FutureCulture
list, and I would be one of those to shun society's love affair with
paper in wake of advancing computer and networking technologies.  Yet
through a seemingly unending discussion regarding the scope of the
popular phrase "information wants to be free", I have found my love
affair with e-media to in fact be quite out of date.  That may seem
contradictory to some, yet if we are truly to arrive at an infoculture
of global real-time interaction via cyberspace, we must first look at
the world in which we currently inhabit.  We live in a world where
paper and television are the informational messangers of choice to the
Thus, in an attempt to further propagate information to as wide an
audience as possible, I have begun [the] Infinite Edge zine.
The zine will be printed in black & white and 8 1/2 x 11", using
Macintoshes and laserprinters.  Below follows a basic text outline of
what [the] Infinite Edge will look like sans graphics and design, of
I am looking for submissions and assistance with this project from all
angles:  fiction writers, essayists, ranters, graphic designers,
artists, poets, etc.  Submissions are welcome in any form, in any
style, in any tone, though that is not a guarantee that everything I
receive will be printed.  I am looking for submisison as soon as
possible, but feel free to send them in whenever you like.  For first
issue, send them in by the end of March.
Due to lack of available resources, I am unable as of yet to reward
monetarily those who contribute to [the] Infinite Edge.  I have little
money, and my primary interest is producing the highest-quality zine
possible, containg an immense spectrum of information.
If you would like to contribute to [the] Infinite Edge in any way,
shape, or form, please send all queries, submissions, tips, words of
wisdom, etc., to me on the Internet at:
                      ahawks at nyx.cs.du.edu
If you do not have Internet access, please send mail to:
                      Andy Hawks
                      4290 South Mobile Cir.                       Aurora,  CO     80013
                      USA
By the way, I am looking at offering [the] Infinite Edge at a cost of
$3 per issue.  The first issue is not completed yet, but if you are
anxious, please contact me via email or snail mail.  Groovy.
[the] Infinite Edge
Focusing on the Edges of Culture, examining the Fringes of Reason and
the Reasons of Fringe, the Here and Now and Soon-to-Be, via
unstrcutured Tones that Ebb and Flow from In-Form Information to
Formless Rants of Altered States.
[the] Infinite Edge is Divided into the following sections:
      Notes from the Editor, Leters from those that Grep and/or Grok
      the Infinite Edge.
      Soundbytes of the World, Unite and Take Over.  Blurbs
      pertaining to interesting news and products, quotes,
      technology, factoids, etc.
      Cultural Commentary - Realizing, Focusing, and Morphing
      the PostModern World.  Rants, Essays, Theses, Observations,
      Predictions, Analyses, Streams and Rivers of Consciousness.
      The Depths of the Underground Subcultures.  Rants, Essays,
      Theses, Observations, Predicions, Analyses, and Information.
      The Virtual World.  News, Notes, Notables and Quotables, Rants,
      Essays, Theses, Observations, Predictions, Analyses,
      Communication, Teknologies.
VILLAGE VIEWS
      Interviews (I-Views) and E-Views with those who Surf, Ride,
      Make and Break the Edges of Culture.
      Fiction on The Edge:  Transreal, Hyperreal, SlipStream,
      Cyberpunk, Post-Cyberpunk, [insert_any_word_here], etc.
      Reviewing, Analyzing, and Commentary regarding Popular and
      Underground Media:  Books, Magazines, Zines, E-Zines, E-Books,
      Hypertext, Music, Film, Video, Television, Software, etc.
      One Last Informational Fix, Closing Words, Late-Crashing News,
      etc.
If you would like to contribute to [the] Infinite Edge in any way,
shape, or form, please send all queries, submissions, tips, words of
wisdom, etc., to me on the Internet at:
                      ahawks at nyx.cs.du.edu
If you do not have Internet access, please send mail to:
                      Andy Hawks
                      4290 South Mobile Cir.                       Aurora,  CO     80013
                      USA
