
@_date: 1997-11-27 19:28:57
@_author: CypherPunks Press 
@_subject: I'm from the government, and I'm here to give your children food poisoning... 
* Reports surfaced in July from San Francisco social-service
organizations that poor kids who participated in a summer lunch
program were being served moldy green bologna in sandwiches (for
many of the kids, their main meal of the day).  According to Dr.
Johnson Ojo, the Health Department's principal inspector, what he
saw while investigating the complaints was "not that bad," and
anyway, moldy bologna will not cause food poisoning.  Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-27 19:29:41
@_author: CypherPunks Press 
@_subject: If it protects just a single child... 
* John E. Herndon, at his May sentencing (he got 20 years) in Little
Rock, Ark., for using two teenage girls in pornographic photos
after giving them alcoholic beverages:  "They were my muffins and
my flowers," he told the judge.  "They were earth angels.  I renew
my promises to the girls as a born-again Christian that I will always
love them and protect them."  Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-27 19:29:57
@_author: CypherPunks Press 
@_subject: Reason behind ASCII art drought... 
* New York City special-effects artist Matt McMullen, 28, has
been offering his lifesize, authentically detailed, steel-skeletoned,
silicone dolls, under the name "Real Dolls," for several months on
the Internet, for around $4,000 each plus options.  So far, Stacy,
Natasha, Nina, and Leah are available, with choice of hair color,
skin color, and height (either "supermodel" or short and
voluptuous).  His original doll was intended as sculpture until lonely
men bombarded him with price inquiries.  Said McMullen, "There is
no way this can compete with the real thing, but it can fill a deep
void in someone's life."  Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-27 19:33:27
@_author: CypherPunks Press 
@_subject: But you can get them free, from the government... 
* The Times of London reported in August that the California firm
Interval Research has developed a prototype for a new wristwatch
that would be worn not on the wrist but in the wrist.  A liquid
crystal display, microchip, and battery would be implanted under
the skin, close enough to the surface so that the time would be
readable.  Battery-recharging and time-zone changes would be done
by remote control.  Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-27 19:34:28
@_author: CypherPunks Press 
@_subject: Ma May 
* In August in Leesburg, Fla., a 28-year-old woman, in the midst of
a domestic quarrel with her husband, 29, ordered the couple's two
kids, ages 6 and 8, to shoot their father with their BB guns.  The
kids complied, resulting in five chest wounds, one arm wound, and
one cheek wound.  The woman is a dispatcher for the Leesburg
Police Department.

@_date: 1997-11-27 19:34:30
@_author: CypherPunks Press 
@_subject: Ma Bell 
* In April, the National Olympic Committee of the Caribbean island
nation of St. Vincent and the Grenadines suspended its Olympic
coach Orde Ballantyne for four years after his mother ratted him
out.  She was head of the country's delegation at the Summer
Games in 1996 and reported him for violating protocol by refusing
to stand for the U. S. national anthem.  Send a message to notw-request at nine.org with the
Subject line of Subscribe.  To read these News of the Weird newspaper columns from the past six
months, go to (That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)

@_date: 1997-11-27 19:35:29
@_author: CypherPunks Press 
@_subject: USACM Crawls Off the Ivory Tower 
No problem. The government can begin legislating exceptions for people with money or influence, and create another government spawned cottage industry.
No shit, Sherlock! Were those living in the Ivory Towers of higher (priced) education
under the impression that Clinton only wanted middle and lower-class
Austria, that Reno only wanted Waco and Microsoft, that Freeh wants
us all, but that his Puppet Masters are reigning him in out of their
sense of decency and integrity, rather than because he's exposing too
much of the goobermint's End Game, and making the sheeple nervous?
"They came for the Jews, and I wasn't a Jew..."
Maybe computer cientists should be required to take a couple of history  classes on their way to our better and brighter technological future.
The alternative, if they are not afraid to step off of the well-lit
mainstream media streets of the Information Highway, is to take a
few detours to the increasingly out-of-the way InterNet roadside stands of 'we the people', who are always the first to hear the
loud sounds of the Jackboots from their ground-level, computerized
cardboard shacks. Golly, now we have Dr.'s named something other than Vulis figuring
out that WYSIWYG is not in the government specifications.
Could it be that the echoes of the Jackboots in the stairwells of
the Ivory Towers are causing the high and mighty minds of America
to feel The Fear (TM) of the average citizen who is waiting for
the sounds of the boots being laid to his or her own door?
They are picking us off one at a time, Barbie Doll. Unless the ACM
is ready and willing to defend freedom of speech for Sally Slut, who wants to put 'swingers' pictures of her and her spouse on the
InterNet, then Sally is not very likely to help you tug your skirt
back down while Bad BillyC and his pals are trying to pull it up
as their little government peckers sing a rousing chorus of, "We're
from the government, and we're here to help you."
Welcome to the real world...
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-11-27 20:16:02
@_author: CypherPunks Press 
@_subject: Moderated vs. Unmoderated Lists 
Or from moving toward its ghouls!
  OK, which one of you is the wise-guy who told Anonymous that he or
she can't send posts about cryptography to the list?
  Anonymous (if that is your *real* name...), many of us on the list
have been anxiously awaiting a Savior to arrive on the list and begin
discussing cryptography.
  We were hoping maybe it was you, but it looks like we were wrong

@_date: 1997-10-07 00:17:23
@_author: CypherPisser 
@_subject: 18" (WAS: Re: Stronghold 1/2) 
Lies, like Beauty and Cocksize, are in the aye's of the beholders.
  The last bid I saw on the list was $ 150,000.00.
  Gee, then you must have been one of the list members who were so busy
pissing on anyone that disagreed with your position that you paid no
attention to things you didn't want to see, and managed to block out
the posts which flatly contradicted what you wanted to believe.
  Me? Well, I just pissed on everyone in sight, and had a jolly good
time doing it, but I also subscribed to all three lists at one point
or another, and I read the message headers of most of the posts to
the list both before, during and after the moderation experiment.
{or censorship attack, depending on the angle you were pissing from}
  Yes we can...
  Unless you were on a CypherPunks mailing list in a parallel universe
(not to be discounted, since some very strange things went on during
that period of time), there were more than a few posts between Sandy
and the list/list-members in which he spoke openly about the posts which he shitcanned, his (faulty) reasoning behind it, and a variety of
other troubling 'rules and regulations' in which 'flameless' posts which
made reference to 'flaming' posts, even if not quoting the 'offensive'
part (such as 'bad boy!), became 'flames-by-association.'
  In the end, Sandy was drawing more Crayola lines between the list
members than the CypherPunks conspiracy-theory maniacs. {The major
difference being that Sandy was using the 'new' colors, which everyone
knows are part of the worldwide plot by the underground reptilian   Been there, done that, stole the T-shirt, and got out of Dodge without
getting killed or caught. (Although there are still rumors of Tim May
"headed North.")
  As they say in Texas (or should), "Even a bad shot is right 50% of the
time--if he uses a shotgun."
  Read the News of the Weird, sometime. It uses only 'real' facts from
the 'respectable' media and they still manage to paint a much more
bizarre picture of reality than even the looniest of CypherPunks.
  Who died and made *you* Chief CypherPunks Spokesperson?
  (Anonymous? TruthMonger? Nobody?)
  Yes...and we all disagree, nonetheless.
  We are getting away from the important issue in this thread, which is
that CypherPunks are most effective when engaging in pissing contests
and shooting themselves and each other in the foot.
  This makes the AOL'ers too nervous to stick around long, helps us to
work off angry energy which might otherwise cause our hands to shake when working on sensitive nuclear devices, and gives people in the
'Home' more constructive and destructive things to do than sitting
around all day cutting out those damned paper dolls. (And boy am I
getting tired of that).
  If you choose to reply to this post, please be polite. I am a very
sensitive person, and easily offended.
