
@_date: 2000-09-14 12:40:11
@_author: Craig Brozefsky 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
Having read over parts of the NAMBLA site months ago when the URL was
floating around the office as a joke, I saw nothing of the sort Jodi
is claiming.  It was a very straightforward and well-written site that
had no really racey content.  It was quite pedestrian in nature,
consisting mostly of discussions of anti-sex legislation, age of
consent issues, and social stigmatization of homosexual relations
between partners of different generations.  It would be well below the
pervert radar of most of the United States for sure, since in terms of
sexual relations it was much less detailed and evocative than your
common Sex Ed textbook.  In fact, the raciest comments are those from
boys who wrote in about their experiences, all between the age of
13-18, often having been involved in abusive relations prior to
meeting what they call a "boy lover".
If the words "Sex before eight, or it's too late" appear anywhere, it
would certainly not be in the context of their motto, more likely a
sarcastic comment, or a quote about what people like Jodi think they
are.  Jodi is talking out her ass here.  I can't fathom the hatred she
must have in order to make up something so ridiculous.
Of course now Jodi and others going to put me in their dirty pedo file
for daring to speak out in defense of NAMBLA.  I'm not gay myself, but
I remember the pain that several classmates in High School had to deal
with when coming to terms with their sexuality and the way that
society treated them.  Isolated, villified, and often suicidal, is no
way for a kid to grow up.
Anyways, for those who want to confirm for yourself, check out:
For a laugh, check out the hacked version:
It's ironic that a site for archiving hacked websites is the first
mirror of the NAMBLA site I find when doing a google search.
I suggest that those who wanted to do mirroring of the site grab it
from there ASAP.
