
@_date: 2000-10-24 14:15:08
@_author: Craig Brozefsky 
@_subject: CDR: Re: I created the "Al Gore created the Internet" story 
I don't buy it either.  Prior to that release of Windows I was doing
tech support for an ISP in Chicago using MacPPP for the mac and
WinSock on Windows.  We had several thousand subscribers prior to the
time that TCP/IP came installed with Windows, and we had already hit
the major upswing in our growth curve at that point.
The explosion had more to do with Mosaic and Netscape than with the
TCP/IP stack.  The default stack in MS just allowed MS to strike deals
with bigger ISPs, it didn't significantly streamline our installation
process for new customers.  The difference between installing from a
cab file on your HD or CDROM, and installing from our CDROM, which
came with a browser and the other applications that people were
actually interested in, is trivial.
I suppose one could say that the bundling of ISP services with the
default Windows install increased the rate of new internet users
significantly, but the explosive growth has already started by then.

@_date: 2000-09-06 15:01:56
@_author: Craig Brozefsky 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Germans to tax PCs for Lars 
it is naive to think that this tax is going to stop them from pursuing
their UCITA/DMCA led efforts to completely control the works they
distribute in order to destroy "fair use" and reap as much money as
possible from consumers.  This tax is just icing on the cake for
them, a welcome revenue stream.

@_date: 2000-09-11 10:50:15
@_author: Craig Brozefsky 
@_subject: CDR: Re: WorldAudit.org home page 
Perhaps he has a ethernet tap in the john and was peeved to have to
scroll thru 25k of junk while grunting one out, so it's a bowel

@_date: 2000-09-21 22:34:16
@_author: Craig Brozefsky 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
Considering the current situation, and the contant referrals to it as
Capitalism, I wonder how useful this definition really is.

@_date: 2000-09-23 00:07:27
@_author: Craig Brozefsky 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
Well, petro attempted to define socialism as:
         control the use of force also have control over the economic
         structure."
My comment was directed at the ambiguity of this definition.  For most
of human history, those who controlled the use of force had control
over the economic structure.  The control was excercised thru various
social institutions ranging from direct theft, to fuedal landholdings,
to centralized beurocracies, to corporations and nation-states.
Today our economic structure is dominated by corporation, global
capital, and the fading nation-state.  These same institutions which
structure our economy also control the use of force, and/or are
dependent upon it.  The notion of private property is maintained under
threat of force.  Nation states enforce, or don't enforce, capital
controls, trade regulations, and the various other economic policies
which shape our economic structure with the threat of force as well.
People call this Capitalism.  It would seem that the current situation
fits petro's definition of Socialism.
So, as I said before, petro's definition doesn't seem very useful
since it fails to distinguish two different types of
political-economic arrangements.  But perhaps petro was just advancing
that as a cocktail-party quip, and not as a useful definition of
socialism.  That's ok.
I also don't think capitalism and socialism are polar opposites, but
perhaps that's for another discussion.  Ideologically they are set up
as polar opposites, but structurally they are not.  In fact any
feasible socialism will incorporate many of the features we associate
with capitalism including competition, markets, distributed
decision-making, and globalized production.  Just as any existing
capitalism today contains elements of socialism.  This is not too
imply the two are interchangeable.

@_date: 2001-07-06 00:26:30
@_author: Craig Brozefsky 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
So are you being sarcastic or are you really failing to understand
that Black Blocs are a short-term tactic for possibly illegal
operations on the street in an environment full of police, and not
some demonstrative symbol of anarchist philosophy representing their
vision of society?

@_date: 2001-07-08 02:07:19
@_author: Craig Brozefsky 
@_subject: Meatspace anonymity manual 
To make it clear, I'm not a member of the Black Blocs, associated with
them in any way, nor do I think the tactic is effective.  I was asking
Sampo if he was being sarcastic in his association of this tactic with
an anarchist ideology of any value.
Symbolically, not much good except for recruiting young males with
visions of being the storm-troopers of revolution or something.
I had an off-list discussion with someone about wether these actions
were purely symbolic or not, my position is that they are not.  My
argument is based on what these people are writing in their
calls-to-arms or whatever you call them.  They are actually trying to
develop tactics for these situations, not present an image to others.
I can respect the desire to develop tactics for operating in
situations like that (breaking barricades, evacuating downed marchers
etc...), if only because I imagine that such tactics will be
neccesarry to provide sufficient symbolic victories. A WTO protest
that has people in turtle suits running around outside the fenced off
area is one thing, a WTO protest that results in the storming and/or
burning down of the hotel the conference was being held is another.
Oops, I just put myself on some Fed list.

@_date: 2001-10-17 08:38:01
@_author: Craig Brozefsky 
@_subject: The "traitor" fires back 
Yah, she's a women too.
Could you elaborate?  I'm failing to see the hand-waving and
spin-doctor bullshit.
