
@_date: 1992-12-02 13:22:39
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Suggest splitting things up 
To Cypherpunks:
Greetings,  Back on-line again,  after wading through about 225 messages
that has accumulated in the last 4 days.   The volume of messages
is really getting high,  and perhaps we might want to try and break
them up into the following proposed lists.
  a) PGP Development - a mailing list has already been set up,  but
     is reserved exclusivly for those doing the actual coding work.
  b) Digital money - A lot of traffic seems to contain this subject,
     which is all very interesting,  but doesn't apply to me because
     money is something I never seem to have anyway.
  c) Key management and collaboration - for discussion on various key
     exchange methodology.
Anyway,  this is just a thought.    And might help to cut down traffic.
One also might consider setting up a newsgroup.

@_date: 1992-12-02 22:38:55
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Suggest splitting things up 
I recommend that we adopt Yim May's idea for how the mailing lists
are split up.   BTW,  if that ever happens,   I only want to me
on the cypherpunks-technical,  and cypherpunks-announce mailing

@_date: 1992-11-09 13:39:59
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Analysis of cost to produce random serail generator. 
At Hackers 8.0,  we had a discussion about the feasability of someone
building a random data generator.    I volunteered to look into this
with the hopes of making a cheap and inexpensive device that has
2 DB-9 connectors (Serial through box) to be used to generate random
serial data at a particular baud rate.
Today,  I called Newbridge Micro,  they faxed me the data sheets,  and
gave me the number for a local rep in San Jose.   (408) 258-3600,
but I was appalled at the price.    They wanted $52.50 each in
100 quantity.   So it is clear that if I use this chip,  which really
is a hybred,   I cannot charge $50 each.    So we have to decide
what to do,   or how much more it will cost.
After examining the data sheet,  the chip is probed by a pulse,  and
a bit comes out with an equal probability of a "1" or a "0".   Sorta
like a coin toss.  I think that the perifery cost of the other electronics,   such as
shift registers,  or UART which would be necessary to clock the bits
into an 8 bit register,  etc,  would cost about $6 - $8 in cost,  then
I will have to fab the boards.   I have friend at Douglas Electronics
who can give me a good price.   It would cost $150 setup charge for the
PC boards and $2 per board. 1 ea  RBG1210           $52.50
1 ea  PC board		 $2.00
various chips		 $8.00
Setup 			 $1.50   (1/100th setup charge)
Total parts		$63.50  (100 quantity) Cost (4 X parts)       $254.00   So,  it is clear that the cost is rather high,   and not everyone can
afford this.     But if you think that people will want to buy it at
that price,    I can go ahead and do it,    but the cost to me would
be about $250 to build just one of them,  and I have someone who can
loan me the money to make a prototype.   This also includes design
time and use of an electronics lab to test and get it running.
I wouldn't be able to borrow $6350 to build 100 of them,  and I think
I can talk the rep into letting me purchase them in smaller quantity,
so I can build them on demand.    I'm just not so sure that people will
want to pay $254 for one of these.    So please lets discuss this,  among our group to determine if this price is reasonable.
Although,   it IS possible to use a cesium noise source (Don't know
the cost of that)  and perhaps I can cut that price down by about
a half or a third,  but the design time would be much increased,
and perhaps there would be twice as much electronics,  and perhaps
the posibility that the randomness won't be as good.
John D.

@_date: 1992-11-11 13:56:07
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: My responses regarding random generator. 
In response to everyones comments:
   I am overwhelmed with all this response that came though
during the times I was absent from the Nets.
   At this time,  I am evaluating other approaches to this problem then using the Newbridge system's inflated pricey
hybred circuit.
   It is clear that a simple reversed diode circuit may not be enough to produce truly random data bits unless care is taken
to prevent periodic signals from being "injected" into the circuit.
   Although I don't have access to a "clean lab",  I do have
access to Techtronix scopes,  and a general HW lab,  but not sure if that is adequate to completly test out the circuit to determine
that things are truly random.
   An easy test I often devise is to generate a pair of random
bytes,  and display them as X, Y pairs and plot them on the
screen as pixels.    First,  I start with a clean screen,  then
plot the dots as they come in.     As these dots are plotted
on the screen,   the dots should be evenly distributed over the
screen without "bunching" or "patterns" developing.
   I know that this is not the best way to determine true randomness,   but it is cheap and inexpensive to do.     I also agree that we should all check out and determine if
there are other random generators currently available,  and
we should compile a list of them to share with the group as
proposed by Tim May.    Although I haven't yet visited the
crypt newsgroups,  I suspect that I should post a query there
to see if any such puppie exists.
   Then,  there is the speed of generating these random numbers,
and how we will want to deal with the possibility of inadequate
speed.     I suspect that serial transmission at 9500 baud might
be easily obtained,   but going much faster withoug "drift" might be problematic as Tim May pointed out.
   At this point,   I would now like to get some other feedback
from the group on what Zener noise source to use,   and kick around some design ideas.    It would be nice to be able to exchange
schematic diagrams and pass them around.  I have a Mac,   but
not everyone in this group uses them.    So what mechasim can we
imploy to send schematics around?
   My next visit to the Nets will be this weekend,   so if anyone
wants to contact me,  they can try me at (510) 769-1268,  and
it will refer to the number where I'm staying at that time.
I still have NO permenent home (after long period of unemployment),
so getting on the Nets daily will be problematic for me.
   I usually hang out in South San Jose,  at my friends VCR Repair
lab (where this hardware equipment is located),  but have no computer
set up there until we can set up proper physical security.   That
number is (408) 377-2382.   I am usually there early in the week,
because I can make calls to find work from there on Mondays.
   As I converge into a workable design and if the lab results
are encouraging,   and acceptable to the group,   I would like to
build 2 or 3 prototypes and pass them around to volunteers for
Beta testing before making them available to the group as a whole.
   I can get PC boards made via Douglas Electronics fairly inexpensivly,   and plan on making them as orders come in,  and
initial setup costs would be about $350.     I already have
people set up to invest this much already.
   Perhaps it would be prudent to set up a group of other HW
designers and meet physically somewhere to hammer out a design
and make this a group effort.   Do I have any volunteers?
I think only one meeting would be necessary to determine a rough
approach to take.
John D.

@_date: 1992-11-12 03:03:12
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Mac PGP - Some comments 
I seem to be having problems using the Mac version of PGP,  in that
when I type ANY character into it,  I just get a "beep".   Is there
some other thing I have to do to get this thing to work?    I also
want to start building by public key ring so I can learn how to use
this puppie,  but I am concerned with possible legal problems in
using this to communicate with my friends.   According to the disclaimer,
PGP is "contraband"?    Will I get the "thought police" busting down
my door for using it?
    Is anyone working on a Mac version that is more Mac'ish?   Like
putting in a nice Mac like GUI for key management.    It would be nice
if it had a pub (or private) "key list" in an editable scrollable list.
    The Mac version in "mac.archive.umich.edu" appears with just a "cheapie" console window that behaves like I described above.    If I
had source code,   I could "wrap it" in a nice Object oriented GUI
and maintain the file format for the keys.
    Thanx Eric for the Email address for Zbigniew Fiedorowicz.       Has anyone contacted Zbigniew relating to the Mac port?   It appears
to have some problems,   but time limitations has prevented me from
fiddling with it tonight.    I think I might actually have access to the
Nets tommorrow,   so I'll be "on-line".

@_date: 1992-11-13 00:00:51
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Rander box and other stuff 
To Cypherpunks:
   I think I have a rough description of the hardware serial random
generator I want to build.    I want to call it the "Rander box" for
lack of a better name.
   It will have two serial connectors,   one an input,  and other the
output,   and connect to a modem or serial port.   Physically,  it should
have dip switch to select baud rate,   and an on-off switch.
   When switched on,   and a "cr" (or some other character) is sent to it,
random bytes will stream out continiously.   Another "cr" will stop the
byte stream.    At least this is ONE approach.   If anyone can think of
a better way,  Pse speak up.
   Next week,  I plan on consulting with another hardware guru and
formulate an initial design.    I already know what components need
to go into it,   and now I want to try and eliminate an extra UART if
I can figure out how to turn on and off the random stream via software.
   The internal code of PGP (I am told) uses an internal buffer to hold
the random bytes,  generated my environmental changes such as key strokes,
mouse movements,  or other external actions.
   Some of the Mac implementors are discussing the feasability of not
maintaining 100% portability.   I suggested that we break up the PGP
program into four parts.
  a) Incryption engine
  b) Key management engine.    c) GUI interface  (DOS, MacOS, UNIX, Windows,  etc)   d) Random number generator (machine dependent,  possibly hardware)
  Parts (a) and (b) are the "portable" parts,  and (c) and (d) are the
machine dependent parts.   Because the Mac is not multi-tasking,  we can
get around that problem by implementing a random number generator as a
driver.   Mac drivers provide for "periodic" code to be called as often
as possible,   and there are plenty of places where this driver can "look
for" environmental changes to generate random numbers using the hashing
stuff that Phil implemented.    Naturally,  the IBM-PC and UNIX versions
of software random number generation would be different.   But as far as
the Incryption and Key generators are concerned,  all they need to do,  is
to look into the random "seed" buffer.    Implementing the random number
generation as a driver also affords the possibility of having total independence of a hardware device,   and if one is desired,  no changes
to the code will be necessary to have one.   We just drop an appropriate
INIT into the system folder which will contain the appropriate driver.
This is the Mac way of doing things.
   One other problem I am having in participating in this group is the
extra phone expenses I will have.    I cannot get on Netcom's local lines
from here anymore because they are always busy,  and there is a lot of
other unconsiderate people that hog up all the local lines for many hours
at a time,   so mail responses to and from me,  may take days.    For
instance,  I cannot participate in any IRC chats unless I get local access,
as I am unemployed and cannot afford to call out of my area.  So please
excuse any slow responses you might get from me.
John D.

@_date: 1992-11-13 13:13:30
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Rander box 
I agree,  dealing with continious data streams might be problematic,
but it was mentioned that we could use CTS/RTS or other lines on the connector to turn on and off the stream.    Any comments on doing it
this way?

@_date: 1992-11-13 13:26:53
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Rander 
Eric says:
So far,  I think this is the best idea,  and after checking out my
methodology and initial circuit design,  I see no reason why I cannot
go as high as 9600 baud.   Even the more inexpensive AD converters can
achieve that speed when we only want to use 8 bits.    I am toying around the idea for using an 8 bit AD converter,   then its just a
matter of clocking them out a UART.

@_date: 1992-11-13 13:31:29
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: PGP portability 
This was why I proposed the internal "engine" concept where I keep the
machine independent code intact and the GUI seperate.    At the moment,
I can't think of a better idea.    So perhaps you can give us some
suggestions towards a solution to the problem,  John!

@_date: 1992-11-14 01:23:48
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Rander 
I already thought of that,   but it would make it difficult to This was (and probably still is) my overall intention.

@_date: 1992-11-14 14:02:15
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Some organizational trivia to consider 
I will be "off line" for a few days now,  as I have to do some work
to help out an old friend.    I'll be back "on line" sometime late
Tuesday,  and hopefull will have formulated some organizational plan
to propose to the group.    In the meantime,   start thinking about
how we can organize "on line" meetings (Or even meetings in person)
to hammer out some type of plan.
   Someone mentioned a meeting to be taken place later,    is this
meeting for the Cypherpunks project?
   My involvement at this point will be that of an adviser,   and
perhaps pump in some ideas to the group.    As the host of the
Programmers Netsork,  I am experienced at setting up organizational
groups,    but often these groups tend to "fizzle out" as people have
other time committments,   so it's important that we try and work out
a mechanism for "passing the torch" when one person has to bow out
for some reason.       My recommendation is to set up an FTP site where one can download the
latest organizational plan,   people involved,   who is doing what,  etc,
and keep this info updated on a regular basis.    I don't recommend that
just ONE person do this,   it has to be done by several people in the event
one (or more) have to drop out for some reason.
   In the meantime,  just be thinking about the following:
a) Setting up a cypherpunks FTP site to contain organizational info,  latest
   source code,  who is doing what,   and a list of things that need to be
b) Maintaining a SOurce code control mechanism whereby people can "check out"
   code modules and work in parallel towards a common goal.
c) Provide periodic updates by posting important info to the rest of Cyberspace
   via UseNet or other on-line systems.
   Till next Tuesday,  take care Y'all....   See U in Cypherspace next Tues
John Draper
crunc at netcom.com
crunch at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1992-11-19 03:54:30
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Finally back 
Greetings,  I'm finally back on-line for a few days here,   and want
to make the most of it.   I'll be checking my Email frequently during
the day tommorrow,  and reading all back messages (All 120 of them),
getting cought up on the latest...   Before I forget,   if anyone
wants to send me an encrypted message,   My key is as follows,  so
Pse add it to your pubkey list in case you want to send me an
encrypted message.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
I haven't really started collecting pub keys yet,   but I propose
that we have a list stored somewhere on an ftp site.   Or perhaps
someone who has the keyrings.
I'll have more things to Email later on,   it has been a long night
here,  finally got to most Email.
Had one fatal crash of the MacPGP program where it hung up the system
when I tried to encrypt a message to someone.
I have now tested out the PGP program fully,  and now know how to use
it.    I can see plenty of omprovements I will want to make,   but to do it right,   we might have extensive changes to make.    Still not
done looking at code yet,    but the modules I
ve seen are pretty easy to inderstand.
John D>

@_date: 1992-11-19 19:33:56
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Some proposals to consider 
Greetings fellow cypherpunks:
   A lot has happened since I got on here last Friday.   My previous
message contains my public key,   Pse use it if you want to send me private mail.
   I bet the NSA boys are tearing the hair out of their heads by
now,   but it's about time we do something to preserve our privacy.
   It is my plan to help "organize" the Mac implementation of PGP,
by putting together a Mac Implementation team of programmers to beef up MacPGP,  by added better GUI,  such as cutting and pasting
of keys DIRECTLY into key rings without having to go through a
file (makes for added security).
   My plans also call for tight coordination with the other platform
development teams.      I've been getting good support for my ideas on implementing machine
independent modules or "Libraries" of PGP routines that don't include
I/O portions,   but after looking at the code,   I see this is going to
take a lot of work,   both in organizing the effort,   and in implementing
the code.    Just how this is going to be done,  I'm not sure,   but this
is what cypherpunks is all about.    To hash these things over,  flame on
each other's ideas,  etc.
   So far,  the Mac inplementaion team consists of the following individuals,
and are (or soon will be) working closly with Eric Hughs,  Phil Zimmerman,
and the other PGP folks
Mac PGP team:
  Richard Outerbridge [71755.204]
  Jim Clausing internet: jac at cis.ohio-state.edu
  Zbigniew Fiedorowicz internet: fiedorow at function.mps.ohio-state.edu
  INTERNET:crunch at netcom.com INTERNET:crunch at netcom.com
  Doug McNaught internet: doug at midget.towson.edu
  Philip Zimmermann internet: prz at sage.cgd.ucar.edu
  I talked with another individual last evening who also wants to be added
to the team,   but the others haven't yet been introduced to him yet.
  It is my plan to propose this idea to the PGP meeting at Sygnus this
upcoming Saturday at noon.   Then,   I'll report to those that couldn't
make it,  due to their location.      The progress on the Rander box is as follows:    I am currently evaluating
several proposed designs,  and have sent out queries for data sheets on
devices I plan on checking out for use,  prices,  etc.
  I have been studying the PGP code,   and can see it's going to take a
lot of work to get it into a form where true machine portability can
be realized.   As  a Mac purist,  a abhore the idea if translating Mac
GUI actions into ascii text and sending it to the current PGP "engine".
  Although it would take a lot of work,   I propose that we develop PGP
to have the following form.
  a) Encryption engine library - Main set of routines currently in the
     PGP program dealing with encryption of data.   These would be
     a set of "support" routines that would permit encryption of
     data in files,  as well as data in memory.   These would be
     totally machine independent,  and only ONE set of sources should
     exist and contain compiler options for platform specific code.
     These functions would then return error codes instead of console
     output.   Needed "key phrases" can be passed in as "char *",
     and sucessful operations would return NULL or if error,  an
     appropriate code be returned.  Other routines would be necessary,
     such as telling it where the random ring buffer is located,  and
     how long it is.   These routines would maintain their own
     pointers into this buffer.   This library would call routines
     in the Random number manager and pass information such as where
     the buffer is located.   See below:
  b) Key management library - Main set of routines that know how to      manage the keyring files,  it would have functions designed to
     extract keys,  add and remove them,  and work on the keyring
     files directly.   Again,  these would be machine independent
     routines.   This would also call routines in the Random number
     manager below.
  c) Random number management - Main set of routines to manage a
     "circular buffer" of random numbers used to generate keys.  This
     would work with both software and hardware random number generators,
     and would provide externally machine independent functions,  but
     internally they would be machine specific.
  d) GUI's for the various PGP application programs.   Mail management,
     file management,  network applications,  etc,  all calling the
     routines in a,b, and  c.   Also includes Hypercard Xcmds,  etc.
  Items a and b should have only ONE set of source code,  and be maintained and managed by existing people.    Items c would also
be same source code,   but have conditional compiler statements to "switch in" the machine dependent portions as apppropriate.
  I think it's possible to design the code in a and b to have very few
machine dependent conditional compiler  statements,  by forming
the main PGP guts portion to operate on textual input in the form
of "char *" instead of console input,  and let the calling code
pass "char *" to PGP library routines.
  Machine dependent stuff is in (d) and might include existing UNIX
PGP "main()",  Mac PGP main application,  and lower level "utilities"
such as Hypercar XCMD's etc.    In fact,  it is even possible to build these libraries to use NO global variables,  and use structures
instead.    But me,  being Mac biased,  will probably get a lot of
resistance to this proposal,  but it is just that,  a PROPOSAL.
  At any rate,   I think that portability issues would be better solved
if we were to adopt C code portability and to assume that not ALL
platforms work well with console type input,  and that Console
I/O should be "factored out" of the machine independent portions of the
existing PGP code.
  So,  what way folks,  has anyone got a better idea or proposal?

@_date: 1992-11-20 01:01:11
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Lots of work to do. 
I said earlier:
Miron says:
I say the folliwing:
The UNIX filter can certainly be written,   but it should use the
"services" of the PGP library code,  which might have functions specifically for use with UNIX,  But may not be called by Mac API's.
It's important for me to point out that these PGP routines as C
functions should be implemented as "Agents" or "Engines" and be
totally self contained and not be depending on UNIX, MacOS or other
facilities.   It is fair for UNIX programs to CALL them,   but the
PGP should not depend on UNIX,  or Machine dependent facilities other
than File IO.
I say --- Great!!  but I have invested a lot of my own finances into
purchasing my Mac II (Probably long before the boycott),  and I certainly
want to put it to good use.   This includes my rights to privacy and to
use PGP.   I don't like Apple's policy,  and think it sucks,  especially
if they dump hundreds of Mac programmers on the job marketplace,   but
sure don't want to ditch my Mac just because a few Apple FAT CATS made
bad decisions.   I agree,  this isn't going to be easy,   SW development is NEVER easy,
so who is afraid of a little work?  With all those unemployed programmers
out there,  we should be able to get PLENTY of help!

@_date: 1992-11-23 02:17:59
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Status on Mac PGP 
Greetings cypherpunks:
   Talked to Phiil Zimmerman on phone this evening,  and he recommends
that the current Mac team be devided up into teo parts.   One a
short term team which no doubt will be what exists already,  and
a long term team to do a more Mac'ish GUI.  I agreed to do that,
and Phil is planning to set up a phone conference call with the
entire Mac PGP team to introduce the new proposals to everyone
at once.  this meeting will happen sometime early this week,  and
I'll be giving reports on what has transpired.
   I also sent to each of the Mac PGP members the details of the
cypherspace meeting,  but have not yet mentioned my proposal to help manage the team,   as I want to meet everyone first.
   I also agreed to make up a function list of the C functions in the
PGP program (Which I usually do when I study new code),   and will send it to anyone who wants it.      Oh!! By the way,  If I start up the existing Mac PGP,  running
Microphone II at the same time.    Then,  when I encrypt a file,
it hangs up the system.    This only hangs up when I decrypt a file
first,  then I go into editor to edit a file,  and save it.   After
saving the plaintext file,  then I encrypt it,   it will hang up the Mac
and needs resetting.   It requires a COLD boot,  and not a simple
reset.   Has anyone else experienced this problem?  I suspect that
a new version of Mac PGP might soon become available.   Hmmm  I must
start thinking of what the ICON should look like!!
More later....
John D.

@_date: 1992-11-26 01:37:40
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Mac PGP report and Rander progress 
Mac PGP effort:
   After talking with Phil Zimmerman,   we decided to break the
MacPGP effort into two teams.   A short term team as it currently
stands now,  with the origional members,   and a long term team to
change PGP into a set of C Libraries that can be used with ANY
platform or API.   The short term team consists of its current
members who are doing current work on the Mac implementation.
   Next week,  perhaps on Wednesday Evening at 7 pm,  we will be
setting up a conference call to talk about all of the details,
and introduce each other.    My role in this currently will be
that of Email coordinator between the Mac PGP effort and the
other platforms.
   It is obviously clear that there is still a lot of mis-trust
that people have in me.     I guess it's still very hard to ditch
that "Once a criminal- always a criminal" attitude.
Phil Karn says:
   This is EXACTLY my point.   So I WILL be publishing the schematic
and I expect the Rander box will be put through it's paces.   I have
simplified the circuit immensly,  and even eliminated the AD converter,
but not sure the design works,  but want to run the design by a few
other HW types before I "breadboard" it.    I think I got it down to
3 chips including the UART.   Two CMOS chips,  a Latch and a gate I'm
using as a comparitor,  and the UART plus a noise source.    Gack!!
All these years I try and ELIMINATE noise,  and now I am LOOKING
for noise.   By biasing one of the gates,  into the linear mode,  it
doubles as the amplifier for the noise source.   I've gone eligantly
simple with the design,   I just hope it works.   Perhaps this circuit
can be integrated into Yanek's Dongle.
Eric Hughes replies:
The Obvious,  cheapest,  but perhaps not the best way,  is to keep
your key on a floppie.
More later ....

@_date: 1992-11-27 22:48:18
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Classified info and other stuff. 
George Gleasin says:
I absolutly agree...As an ex-air force person,  they can get really nasty
if they want..
Oh,  By the way,   numerious complaints have been said about the way that
the Mac PGP was stuffed when posted onto "umich'.    I will be pushing for
releasing it stuffed with a self extracting archive instead.   I also had
problems and lost significant time acquiring the new stuffit in order to
extract it.
John D.

@_date: 1993-04-07 23:47:02
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: The WELL took off PGP from public downloads 
Just thought I should mention,  that "gail" has removed PGP from the
WELL's public downloads,  and when I asked her why,  she didn't comment

@_date: 1993-04-19 00:11:33
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: My comments on the Clipper or Tapper chip, 
I don't know wheter or not I should post this in alt.security.pgp,
or other newsgroups,   but here's my official comments on what
I think of the Clinton Adm "Clipper" or "Tapper" chip.  Any press
people are welcome to use it,  and feel free to send it out wherever it will help.
My official statement and comments on the "Tapper chip"
  I believe that the Clintom Admin is trying to push this idea through
without giving much thought on the ramifications of this rather intreguing
idea of "registering" your keys with some government agency.   This
overwhelming urge to "tap into" our private conversations is just going
to promote private encryption and voice scrambling.   It is not going
to make law enforcement's job any easier to catch criminals,  because they will also encrypt their voice and data.  It reminds me of that
popular bumper sticker "If guns are outlawed,  then only outlaws will
have guns".   It is clear that the government considers encryption as
a "weapon",  used by the enemy to keep nosey people away.  Look at
the current export laws to convince yourself of that.   I guess I
can think of it as a weapon to preserve my privacy.
  This is not only going to get a bad reception in the industry,  but
it will cost the government more money by adding huge administration
costs.   Talk about government "FAT"?    I thought our goals are to
cut government spending,   not add to it.    Lets see!!  You need
two agencys (Hopefully ones that people can trust).   Gee!!  I cannot
even think of just ONE agency that I can trust!!  can you?    Then,
these agencys have to keep track of one half of an 80 bit key.   I guess there is one key for each "clipper" chip,  so there has to be
the capability of millions of keys,   each one has to perfectly match
the other half.    Then there will be people needed to "register" these
"tapper" phones.    Lets not even think about what happens when one
decides to sell it!!    MORE government FAT!!.   I guess thats why
they're called FAT CATS.
  Now,  if I were a criminal,   do you think I would be dumb enough to
"register" my phone with the government.   Of course not.    I would
probably get mine on the black market,  or though some other illicit
means!!   If I were a law abiding citizen,  would I trust some government
agency with my encryption key?   Would you??
  Then,  there is this classified algorithm used in the clipper chip itself.    I'm sure its pretty good,   and it is probably hard to attack
and crack.    But can you really be absolutely sure that there isn't some
sort of "back door" in it??      It is clear that the industry hasn't been consulted,  or ideas were
not put forth in some public forum.   So,  where is this democratic
process??   We ARE still a democracy,  aren't we?
  How was this company that sells the "Clipper chip" selected??   Was
RSA data security people contacted??
  It is clear that a lot of questions have to be answered before something
like this can be accepted.   I just hope the right people make the right
decision,  and that PRIVATE encryption be the responsibility of the user,  and NOT the carriers.
   It is important that more and more private encryption programs,  equipment,
etc,  can be made available on the market.    If RSA is two tight with
their licensing fees and policys,  then there should be more math whiz types making better algorithms than RSA's.    The field is wide open,  so
lets exploit them!!
John D.

@_date: 1993-04-21 03:00:20
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Lets connect the meetings together 
I propose that the E. Coaster Cypherpunks connect via computer to the one on the West Coast on the 24th.  Perhaps on a private IRC channel,
but doing it via encryption would be the best.

@_date: 1993-04-22 11:39:14
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: A question... 
Excuse the high bozo factor,  but...
I have a question...  Does the Clipper Er: Wiretap chip provide a means
of authentification?

@_date: 1993-04-23 12:25:46
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Press,  and a spokesperson and other things.. 
In regards to the name of the group...   I think that we should organize
and establish a Public relations group NOT associated directly with
the cypherpunks,  but with well established people in the industry
that can and should put on a professional image to the public and
be a spokesperson representing us as a whole.    In this sense,  the
name of "cypherpunks" as our group is totally irrevelant.   As far as
I'm concerned it's just the name of the mailing list,   but I sort of
like that name myself,  and have on ocassion used it in public
interviews etc.
It is publically known that I'm involved with the MacPGP effort in the
cause to put forth my programming skills to better serve the Cypherpunk
community.   But I decline to be a spokesperson for several reasons I'll
take up privatly with anyone who wants to know.    With my bad rap,  and
somewhat controversial past,  I feel that someone else can better serve
the cypherpunk community in this PR effort.
Just yesterday,  I talked with Craig Larson who has offered some PR
suggestions,  and he says that he might drop by the cypherpunk meeting
between 4 and 6 pm.    In the meantime,   I'll try and elaborate on
some of his PR ideas with the group.
First off,  Craig suggests having 3 or more press briefings seperated
by about two weeks,  with emphesis on making it very newsworthey,  and
by professionals attening,  such as the cypherpunks spokesperson,
perhaps RSA folks,  FBI folks,  and other people on hand to ask the
right questions that should bring out these issues to the public.
I've delt with the press before,  and all they are interested in is RAW
NEWS,   and anything else to sell the story.   In other words,  "money
talks and bullshit walks".    NEWS!!  is the key....   The more controversy
we can generate (And important issues) the better we will be able to
get the word out to the John Q.  Public.   There are TV interviews,   background stories,   and lets not forget recent news of matters
not so related to cryptography,  such as hacker busts,   and other
newsworthey things related to the computer industry that CAN be
somewhat related and tied to cryptography.   The goals of the press
meeting would be to get the word out to as many concerned citizens
as possible with an emphasis on ANALOGYS such as "Clipper technology
is like giving the police the keys to your house"  or something like

@_date: 1993-04-23 13:05:59
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: On getting local congressional representation for our cause 
I talked with Congressman Starks office today (My district) to discuss
what the possibilities are for them to attend a cypherpunks meeting to
hear our concerns,  and to find out whats possible and the procedures
to get them to attend.
We would want congresspersons for each of the districts to attend,
and people from each district should write them a letter,  and include
the possible future dates of the Cypherpunks meetings you would want them
to attend.    Please allow for about 6 weeks for them to schedule in
to attend the meetings,  as they have lots of other meetings to attend
as we all know.
After talking to Ron Dellums and Starks office,   their procedures
are pretty much standardized,  and we should have no problem in getting
them to attend of we follow their prescribed procedures.
They are MOST INTERESTED in hearing our input on this controversial
matter,  so lets all get together and compose up this letter,  and
get them off to our local representitives.
Before mailing the letter,  one should call the local office,  and
obtain the name of the person who schedules their public appearances
to attend such meetings.  Once this name is obtained,  include it
in the letter,  Attention Annie Zaitlan (Starks office).   We have
to do this for every local representitives office in the Bay area.

@_date: 1993-04-27 11:39:20
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Rave on... 
At the last Mt View Cypherpunks meeting,  it was discussed about ways
in which we can get the word out to as many people as possible.      I have an idea on yet another way on how this can be done.    Would
like to get input and feedback on this from the rest of the group.
  One such place where lots of people meet are RAVES.   My proposal is
to set up a room with a bunch of donated PC's Macs or whatever,   and
have a booth set up where people can purchase PGP diskettes for slightly
above cost of the diskettes.    People attending raves can purchase
their PGP diskettes and on the spot,  generate their keys.    They can
sign each other's keys there,   and handout literature can be made
available for anyone attending that describes the "Clipper" proposals,
and suggestions on what people can do to resist further government
control over private cryptography.
  Already,  at most raves,  there are demonstrations set up for things
like the new "body synth",  VR demos,  and other things,  so this should
fit right in.
  I'm in contact with a number of RAVE organizors,  and plan on contacting
them.    If enough people from Cypherpunks are interested in bringing their
portables or small PC's,  Macs or whatever to raves,  this might be a
very good way of reaching the younger people who might not otherwize be plugged into the mainstream media like TV,  or newspapers,  or whatever.
  For those interested in donating a Sat evening,  and wanting to have
a little fun,  by bringing their computers to future raves,   please send me your Email address,  and specifics on any equipment you might want to bring,  I can put you in touch with the appropriate organizers.
Anyway,   I'm open for input on this,  and how we can get the word out.
  At the Cypherpunks dinner,  I mentioned to John Gilmore and others about
the possibility of doing short video "skits" and "infomercials" on
some hypothetical scenerios of a "Faschiist government" that outlaws
encryption.   We can make it fun and entertaining,  and I don't think I
would have a problem proposing it to those people capable of producing
this video.    We will need actors,   and some people to write up the
"skit".    I don't think we would have any problem convincing KQED,  or
any other TV station to air it.    It would reach a lot of people,  and
is a good instrument in getting the word out.
  I talked to Wes Thomas about this,  and we can set up an ad hoc get
together in Berkeley and perhaps Eric Hughes and John Gilmore can
attend and we can "ad lib" for practice a few hypothetical skits
and vide tape it some evening.    I think it would be fun,   and even
John Gilmore might enjoy participating in this fun activity.
Rave on - D00ds!!

@_date: 1993-04-27 16:54:46
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Raving on... 
Hmmm,  getting some mixed responses from the group on the raves
idea,   below are my comments....
That might be partially true,  and depends on the rave.   Most raves
I go to have all sorts of computer related demonstrations,  and exibits.    I've been getting very positive interest on the part
of rave organizers.
Brian says:
I agree that we should keep it non-technical,  thats why I proposed that
raves have tables set up where PGP copies can be given out,  literature
can be displayed for ravers to take home later...   Then,  there are those hard core cyberpunks that will take in EVERYTHING including lots
of drugs.
For those UK folks,  Craig Larson from the USA will be working with sponsors
to a totally awsome rave of an estimated 40,000 folks.   Now THATS a good
place to get the word out,  spark intererest in encryption,  etc.
And on and on..

@_date: 1993-04-28 12:04:34
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: CSPAN NOT covering the hearings tommorrow 
Called CSPAN,  and they are NOT covering the hearings tommorrow.  Hah!
our tax dollars at work!!
So,  for those very luckey people going to attend,  we plead with you
to please write up a comprehensive report and send it to the group
(or at least to me!!).

@_date: 1993-04-29 00:33:14
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Some ideas,  thats all... 
Who wants to collaborativly work on an information packet containing
a collection of the previous reports on the wiretap chip,  such as
the initial white house statement,  CPSR's and EFF's responses,
list of questions that were hashed at the last Cypherpunks meeting,
etc, etc.
  A smaller and easier to read infomation packet should be prepared
to hand out at raves.   These should be fairly simple,  easy to read
and comprehend while on LSD,  and other drugs,  and also easy to
fold up and tuck in your jacket pockets for later reading.   Included
might be a diskette containing PGP and a "Bone head" starter "readme"
file,  with references to additional places where more robust information
can be had.
  I volunteer to check out the rave scene,  and do an analysis on how
the ravers will respond.  :-).   I'll also try out various other ways
to reach ravers and fill them in.   It's most important to point out
ways for them to become involved in both spreading the info to others,
and if they have computers,  how they can use PGP and other encryption
software to protect their email and voice calls.
  In the not to distant future,   I will be in various media interviews,
and will have opportunity to mention these things,  and tell people how
they can get more information on what we are doing,   and how they can
be involved.      Anyway,  feel free to post this to any other system or network,  where
John D.

@_date: 1993-04-29 11:27:56
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Raving on.. 
Great!!  What we need is for someone who can read ZIP files and get it
into hard copy for reproduction to be handed out at raves.   Who wants
to take on this responsibility?
Geoff,  now that one of my mailing lists has just dissolved (TCL_TALK)
I can now join the sfRaves group and work with them directly,   but
first I want to write up a short introduction.

@_date: 1993-02-04 00:19:52
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Elaborating on BART pigs 
Dan says:
Yes,  I can...  Certainly.   I was using a Mac with a
HyperDrive,  and kept all me personal Email and job bids
encrypted using the "Security" program provided for the
HyperDrive users.    I don't know how many files I had
encrypted,   but if the police had somehow managed to
decrypt it,  they would be very dissapointed,  as I'm sure
they would find much use if any of it as evidance that I
was involved in any kind of conspiracy or something.   I was
just a neat program,  easy to use,   and after I archived
the programs,  I encrypted it,  and used a secret
key "Pigs suck" at the time.
Oh,  one other thing,  the new OOP version of the MacPGP Shell
is coming along quite nicely,   Blair has been very responsive
to provide me with a good solid design,  thus requiring little
interaction,   and those little GUI's are coming along just fine,  than you...
More later..

@_date: 1993-02-04 11:28:33
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Group note 
I didn't go that far,  but if we decide to send a letter to the White
House this way,   we all should collaborate on what to say,  in relation
to our concerns,  etc.   Then  each of us can "Sign" the letter
using our PGP Signatures.
I also thought about sending my PGP key,  but still deciding on what I
want to say relating to my personal concerns.

@_date: 1993-02-04 19:05:21
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: White house letter 
What about adding the issue of government grants for R&D on new technology
in Data Networking,  Virtual reality,  and other new technologies.  Or
at least generious tax breaks to encourage R&D.

@_date: 1993-02-05 10:50:46
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: A Bug? 
Don't know if it's something stupid I'm doing,  or if there's a bug
in the Mac PGP 2.1,   but after selecting Text only,  and Radix 64
mode,   after encrypting the text,   I lose all carriage returns
after decrypting it.   Almost everything I get had no carriage
returns in it.    I use the Think C editor,  or BBEdit for editing
my text.   Is there an option that permits PGP to retain the carriage

@_date: 1993-02-05 11:01:06
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: 'Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
As far as I know,   most cellular interfaces to the BOC system is
digital.    But I suppose there might be some interface somewhere.
I'll put a few "feelers" out and see what I come up with.
(Scuse line noise..)

@_date: 1993-02-05 12:20:11
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: `Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
I used to build voice scramblers,  but mostly in hardware using
a Psuedo noise source.    It wirked pretty good,  but had to
compress the bandwidth down to about 2kHz.   Thus the reason
why it sounds like talking in a tunnel.    Has anyone done a
feasability study on whether of not a 486 or Sparc station can
do this in real time?
It would seem to me that Voice mail systems should incorperate
this in their system,   thus scrambling the messages unless a
access code can be used to retrieve it.

@_date: 1993-07-02 12:29:21
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Cypherpunks brocures needed - Feedback welcome 
I am setting up some info tables at various upcoming events and
partys.    I want to make up a flier for those attending,  and would
like for someone in cypherpunks to please draft up what the flier should
   It should basically say what the goals of the Cypherpunks are,
what they do,  and stress the issues at stake,  IE:  Clipper ship
proposal,  promoting private data encryption,  and the like.
   The flier will be an 8 1/2 by 11 paper,  and I plan on making
about 50 of them initially.    I would like someone here to help me
with the wording.    It should be brief,   and give just enough
information to help our cause.
   Last call for Laptops.  I have someone who has PC-DOS laptop,
and we need someone with a Mac laptop,  and we then have all bases

@_date: 1993-07-15 11:24:20
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Need info ASAP 
I am putting final touches on the Cypherpunks flyer,  and need the
following information.
The address,  phone number,  and Email adddess of:
  a) CPSR
  b) EFF
  c) Cypherpunks
Naturally I have the Email address of the Cypherpunks,  but I also need
a non-computer address,  or phone number where non-computer folks can
contact on how they can:
  a) Support the cypherpunks cause
  b) Obtain copies of PGP
  c) Or help out in other ways.
I need this info ASAP,  as I only have access to Lazerwriter today only.
I would appreciate a phone call if possible as well as Email.
Time is of the essence...

@_date: 1993-07-15 12:23:04
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Final flyer 
Thanx to the wonderful fast action on the part of the Cypherpunks and SFRavers
I now have the final copy and flyer printed up to hand out at raves,  and other
social events.    The flyer has following information...
Keep "Big Brother" out of your face
If you have a computer and modem,   use Electronic mail,   or keep personal data on your computer,  it may soon be illegal for you to protect it by using personal encryption programs,  if our snoopy government has their way.
Last April,  the Clinton Administration proposed a new Encryption chip called the "Clipper chip" which permits authorities with a "Master key" which unlocks encrypted data.  Would you trust your authorities with a key to your house?   Of course not!!
Ravers should take note that our group of "Freedom fighters" called "Cypherpunks" are making important tools available you can use now to protect your sensitive mail and data that cannot be unlocked using this so called "Master key" scheme.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF),  and Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility (CPSR),  are important lobby organizations dedicated to keeping our government in check and preserving our privacy. They need your support.   Please contact them at address below.
Our goals are to get the word out,  and get as many people as possible to use simple encryption tools like PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) so our government cannot make their use illegal.  This program PGP, is available on PC-DOS, Macintosh, and UNIX computer systems free of charge.  Look for PGP distribution booths at future raves,  and spread the word.
For more information,  contact:
PO Box 717
Palo Alto, Ca. 94301
(415) 322-3778
cpsr at cpsr.org
1001 G. Street NW suite 950 E.
Washington DC, 20001
(202) 347-5400
eff at eff.org
cypherpunks-request at toad.com
--- end ---

@_date: 1993-06-09 01:57:46
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Encrypting Cypherpunks mailing list postings 
Mikes response to the ideas of encrypting the Cypherpunks mailing list...
I think it MAY be possible to write a perl program that would take the
incoming mail encrypted with a single common public key for Cypherpunk
mailing list mail,   than would decrypt it internally,  then for each
person in the mailing list,  using their public keys,   encrypt each
message for the individual recipients,  and mail them out.
Naturally this would be SLOWER THAN MOLASSIS!!   But it would be worth
a try to see how it works.     Lets talk about it at the upcoming
Cypherpunks meeting.   The ravers can really use something like this to keep the Full Moon Raves
location a secret and known ONLY to those dedicated ravers that want to
As far as the Cypherpunks mailing list goes,  it may not be appropriate
to encrypt to the group ALL the time,   but SOME messages might be
worthy of encryption.

@_date: 1993-06-23 13:14:53
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: An Awsome party coming up 
Greetings Cypherpunks!!
  We are looking for folks with laptop computers with both MS-DOS and
Mac compatability to participate in an upcoming fun event to take place
at Pyramid lake in Nevada.  The dates are 16th thru 18th of July,  where
a table will be set up for those with laptops.
  Our purpose and goals are to make copies of PGP available to those that
don't have net access,  generate PGP keys,  sign keys,  and hand out
literature to those folks interested in cryptography and the Cypherpunks
  The event itself will offer a great time to those attending,  as there
will be camping, swimming, and raving,  as well as other happenings to
make a total memorial weekend.    The event costs $30 for the weekend,
and the money goes towards the Western Shoshone and Paiute Indian nation,
so the money goes to a worthy cause.
  I am trying to set it up so that those bringing laptops and who are willing
to sit at the table for a period of time,  copying disks,  generating PGP
keys,  signing keys,  etc will NOT have to pay the $30.
What we need from Cypherpunks:
  ** Make up some brocures and hand out material describing the interests
     of the Cypherpunks.  These can be created using PageMaker,  or other
     page layout software,  and can be xeroxed for handouts.
  ** Volunteers who have laptops (Both Dos and Mac,  and possibly others)
     who can make them available for key generation,  PGP distributions,
     etc.    They would NOT have to let their laptops out of their sight,
     but just be there for a specific time to answer questions,  and
     do what was previous described.
  So,  do we have any volunteers willing to participate in this rather
unusual venture?
  For those people out of the area,  and who might be planning a trek out
to the west coast,  this might be a great time to come.
  Pyramid lake is out in the Nevada Desert,  there is NO shade,  so tarps
and other camping equipment would also be necessary and desirable.    Anyone
RV's, Campers,  etc would be really useful for the ocassion.    So be looking
forward to a great time.   Bring your family and kids,  I'm sure they will
enjoy the happenings,  as there is also swimming,  horse back riding,  fishing,
and all of the other camping activities.  Brings lots of water,  ice,  and
Please contact me,  and I'll try and put it all together.  Right now,  I need to collaborate and work on the wording of the brocure.
John D.

@_date: 1993-03-06 01:44:36
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Internet radio 
Re: Internet radio....
  I can see (or actually hear it now)  - Stay tuned for the super duper
Cypherspace hot hit 100,  coming up after these messages...  And about
15 minutes of BS about the right hair spray to buy...

@_date: 1993-03-21 22:42:31
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Double messages 
I'm getting double messages from people.    Is there something wrong with
the mailing list?

@_date: 1993-05-03 15:32:58
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Need permission... or info... 
On the EFF Conference on the WELL,  some people over there who are NOT
in the cypherpunks list want to get the question list we generated at the
last meeting.
   John G.  posted it but no revisions were done.   Is someone going to be
adding more stuff to the list,  and is it OK for me to cross post thje list
into the EFF Conference on the WELL??

@_date: 1993-11-04 10:47:38
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Next Step show 
Saw Eric Hughes on the Next Step science show on the Discovery Channel
last Tuesday.    Good job Eric...!!   Wish they would have mentioned
PGP and how easy it was to get it...

@_date: 1993-11-18 12:36:36
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: HoHoCon key exchanges 
in relation to the HoHoCOn event...
Yes... And lets have at least SOMEONE who can have a Mac at HoHoCon
this time.... Last time there was NOBODY that had one.   Yukk!!
whatta bummer....
I am also interested if there is any rave taking place on the weekend
of the HoHoCon.   I sure want to get in some dancing while I'm there
:-)  ....

@_date: 1993-11-23 17:38:04
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: PGP info plus Internet access from Miami 
I am trying to get a copy of PGP for the IBM PC to my friend in Miami.    Is there anyone in the Miami area who has a copy,  and
would it be possible for my friend to pick it up?    Is PGP still
on Soda.berkeley.edu in IBM-PC form.    He will need to get the
documentation as well.
He isn't on the Net yet,  but is also looking for any service with
Internet access thats local to the Miami area.   Is there such a
service that provides an internet dialup like Netcom or Panex?
Any information would be approciated....
John Draper
Cap'n Crunch

@_date: 1993-11-29 13:17:13
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: In Austin on 17th Dec - Want to meet Austin Cypherpunkers 
Greetings all you Austin Cypherpunkers.   I'll be making a trek
into your area on the 17th of Dec to attend the HoHoCon.    If anyone
wants to exchange PGP keys,  and has a Mac,   then contact me as soon
as possible and I can give you all the details.    I'll be staying at
the Austin North Hilton & Towers and Super 8 Motel,  abd be arriving
about 4 pm or so.
   Looking forward to meeting all you Austin Cypherpunkers.    I am
also looking to see if any rave is scheduled on the evening of the 18th,
as I would like to get in some serious dancing while there.
Cap'n Crunch

@_date: 1993-10-07 09:49:20
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Hackers Conf discussions 
Re: Hackers Conf,  Tim says..
Yes!!   I would like to participate in this discussion,  as I am now
in position where I have ability to communicate with thousands of young
ravers and PGP wannabes and soon I'm going to want to communicate with
these folks on several issues:
   ** Getting LOTS of people to use PGP
   ** Voter registration and political actions such as letter writing
      to local representitives,  etc.
   ** Other actions where large masses of people can make SOME influence
      on our officials.

@_date: 1994-01-14 20:12:52
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: TV appearance you might want to record. 
To who it may concern,   yours truly will be interviewed on FOX
Television due to air nationwide.    Locally,  it will be aired
at 10:30 PM on Channel 2 on the 22nd of Jan.    During which time,
my obedient VCR will be taping it while I'm enjoying myself at
"Industrial Strength" rave.
  The topic of discussion will be Phone Hackers,  and cryptography.
so if there is anything I should say in relation or on behalf of
Cypherpunks,  please let me know.    Taping will be done at my place
in Marin on Tuesday.
  The name of the program is "On the Money",  so for those not in the
Bay Area,  check your TV listing for times and channels.

@_date: 1994-01-21 14:08:13
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: LD fiascol 
Yea Yea!!  Well said...  I was just about to un-subscribe from this group,
although I plan on sticking around.   And I hope that we all have learned
about this double-edged sword (remailers),  and their implications.  So,
lets all get back to the job at hand,  and fucus our energy towards promoting
encryption,  freedom of speech,  and privacy!!!
And whats with all these empty mail headers with long "Apparently-To:"
lines?    Is something broken somewhere in the mailing list?
Cap'n Crunch

@_date: 1994-03-12 09:58:13
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Ride to either Cypherpunks meeting or to Kindness 
Is anyone living in Marin or SF planning to go down to the Cypherpunks
meeting this afternoon.    If so,  I would like a ride.   Please
Email me or phone me at 415-381-5847.    If not,   then is anyone
planning to go to "Kindness" this evening.    I would at least like
to go to that...
John D.

@_date: 1994-03-26 17:10:40
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: On TV Tonight 
I'm going to be on FOX-TV tonight on a show called "On the money",  talking
about hacking and such.    Here in Bay area,  it's channel 2,  so set your
