
@_date: 1995-01-11 11:55:59
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Getting on the list 
I've been trying to get back on the Cypherpunks list now for over 3 weeks.
IS anyone out there on the list that has the power to get me added.   I
the usual request to cypherpunks-request at toad.com,   but haven't been
Who is maintaining the list these days?   Does it still exist?  And
why haven't any of my requests been hohored?
thats honored...
John D.

@_date: 1995-01-11 19:17:34
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Finally got on 
I finally got on...   I actually didn't get that swamped,  but certainly I
be expected to know that cypherpunks-request was defunkt.    Oh well.    Now
I'm on,    I was wondering if anyone would let me know the status of Phil
case,  and where I can xtract any info.     I've heard reports that the
Govt.  was
planning to press charges.     Just getting back on here again,    I'm not
in the
know of these things,    but can now handle large amounts of mail.   I'm
interested in knowing how I can help in Phil's defence case.    Where do
mail checks to Phil's defence fund?
Anyway,   glad to be back up here again....    And a big fat HAPPY NEW YEAR
all of you Cypherpunk folks!!  And Oh Yea!!   Hi Brad,  glad to make your acquaintence...    Yup!  The WELL was sure hosed today....    I'm just now
mail thats backed up now for the 4 days I've been without power.
There is ONE disadvantage of living out in the country....    Power can be a
tad flakey.     We've just got our power turned on today....  Yay!!!   When I
from MacWorld,   things were really dark up here.   :-)
C. Crunch
PS = Scuse the formatting,   I STILL cannot get Microphone to not
word wrap.

@_date: 1995-01-12 21:51:26
@_author: John Draper 
@_subject: Some PGP problems 
I'm trying to decode a PGP file that was created with Ver 2.6.
At this time,  I thought that my older ver 2.1c (Running on a
Mac) would at least be able to decrypt something made from
a higher version,  running on a PC.   Apparently that is not so.
So,  the next thing I did,   or what any self respecting
Cypherpunk might so,   is to go out on the net and look
for a later version to FTP>   Well,   after discovering
that soda.berkeley.edu don't exist anymore,  I eventually
found the ftp site where it lives.  ftp.csua.berkeley.edu.
I learn that Mac PGP2.3 exists,  but NO version 2.6
exists for the Mac.   Is that true?    If not,  then
where can I get a copy,  so I can decode a message
created with 2.6?    If ver 2.3 will decode a message
encoded with 2.6,  then I'm faced with how I can
extract this Mac file which has a .gz extension.
Binhex don't seem to decode it.  So,  I now got this
file named "macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx.gz" on my Mac.    Was
I supposed to have used some special UNIX itility to
convert the .gz thingie first?    Please emlighten
this confused cypherpunker!!! :-)   Or will I even have
to do all of this because 2.3 is incompatable with 2.6.
C. Crunch
