
@_date: 2002-01-04 16:50:45
@_author: CSKINNER@FCLAW.com 
@_subject: Tourism and Sports Authority - Response to Public Record Request 
Dear Mr. Ross and Representative Huppenthal,
We represent the Tourism and Sports Authority and have been copied on the
exchange of correspondence between Mr. Ross, Representative Huppenthal and
Ms. Monroe of the Authority concerning Mr. Ross's public record request for
the email addresses of the Authority's Board members.  Please find below a
list of the requested addresses:
Mr. Roc Arnett:         rarnett at az-tsa.com
Mr. John Benton:                jbenton at az-tsa.com
Mr. Jim Grogan:         jgrogan at az-tsa.com
Mr. C.A. Howlett:               chowlett at az-tsa.com
Ms. Valarie Miceli:     vmiceli at az-tsa.com
Mr. Herman Orcutt:      horcutt at az-tsa.com
Mr. William Peltier:    wpeltier at az-tsa.com
Mr. Rod Williams:               rwilliams at az-tsa.com
In addition to contacting Authority Board members via email, correspondence
to Board members may, of course, be directed to the Board by mailing such
correspondence to any or all Board members directly c/o the Tourism and
Sports Authority, 14500 North Northsight Boulevard, Suite 312, Scottsdale,
Arizona 85260.  Also, phone messages for Board members may be left with Ms.
Debbie Kivin, Authority Receptionist, at (480) 505-0533.
Additionally, please be aware that the Authority, like most public entities,
has a policy requiring those requesting public records to complete a Public
Record Request Form prior to disclosure of the records.  In the interest of
expediency, I am forwarding the above records despite the lack of a
completed Public Record Request Form.  However, we would appreciate Mr. Ross
completing this form and returning it to the Authority as soon as possible.
A copy of the Public Record Request Form is available on the Authority's web
site located at If you have any questions or comments regarding the foregoing, please
contact me at your convenience.
Christopher Skinner
Fennemore Craig, P.C.
The information contained in this e-mail message is attorney privileged and
confidential information, intended only for the us of the individual or
entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended
recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution, or
copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have received this
communication in error, please notify us immediately by telephone (602)
916-5000 or reply by e-mail and delete or discard the message. Although this
e-mail and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other
defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and
opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus
free and no responsibility is accepted by Fennemore Craig, P.C. for any loss
or damage arising in any way from its use. Thank you.
"When the people fear their government, there is tyranny;
when the government fears the people, there is liberty "
                              Thomas Jefferson
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor, (614) 313-5722  ICQ: 106212065   Archived at
