
@_date: 2002-01-12 19:08:45
@_author: csr@cs.northernlight.com 
@_subject: Northern Light Focus 
Dear Northern Light Customer,
I have had the personal privilege of hearing from many of you over the
past five years regarding the many different ways you have benefited
from our search and content services. So it is with gratitude and hope
that I share with you the new direction that Northern Light is taking
As of January 16, 2002, NorthernLight.com is discontinuing free public
access to our Web search in order to focus on delivering authoritative
and timely news and archive content that you can rely on. We are
refining our business to focus more exclusively on the needs of business
researchers and enterprise customers. I hope you find that this change
makes NorthernLight.com an even more valuable resource for your research
requirements, as we simplify our service by reducing the clutter,
including the advertising distractions.
As consumers of quality research content, you may be wondering what this
change means to you.  I am pleased to inform you that our Special
Collection will continue to be available for free searching and
pay-per-view access from Northern Light's Web site. And in the very near
future, we will be introducing a consumer subscription option to our
customers, allowing you to download 50 documents per month for a small
monthly fee.  In addition, advanced search forms, real-time news, Search
Alerts, and Special Editions will still be available at no cost to
NorthernLight.com visitors.
If you are interested in learning more about becoming an enterprise
customer, with access to Web search, flat-rate content packages for the
corporate desktop, customized usage tracking, and numerous other
enterprise benefits, please contact enterprise at northernlight.com, or
call (800) 804-6533.  Or you can read more about it here:
Thank you for being with us through the years, and I hope you will
continue with us for many more.
David Seuss, CEO
Northern Light Technology, LLC
