
@_date: 2003-04-13 20:39:14
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Looting of museums, banks, shops, factories--South Central 
Anonymous said:
Coming up next on Fox News: President Bush: Glorious Hero of the class struggle!

@_date: 2003-08-17 16:26:07
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Faith-based Drug Wars 
I'm starting to worry less about Brinworld and more about the Republic of
Source: Working for Change
Pubdate: August 8, 2003
Author: Bill Berkowitz
Webpage: Faith-based drug wars 08.08.03 - What do advocating "religious hiring rights," a $4 billion workplace
retraining bill, and the war on drugs have in common? The short answer: Bring on
the faith-based organizations! Although more than 30 months have passed since President Bush announced the
centerpiece of his domestic agenda -- his faith-based initiative -- and no
significant broader efforts to fund his initiative has emerged from Congress,
the administration continues to move ahead on a number of fronts. Bush's latest faith-based proposal involves enlisting religious youth groups in
the war on drugs. According to the Washington Times, the administration recently
printed 75,000 copies of a guidebook to the drug wars called "Pathways to
Prevention: Guiding Youth to Wise Decisions." The 100-page pamphlet "seeks to
teach youth leaders how to handle questions and concerns about substance abuse."
In addition to the publication, there's a new Web site and an e-mail newsletter.
The new anti-drug project is built around three premises which are spelled out
in a fact sheet titled "Marijuana and Kids: Faith": 1) "Religion plays a major role in the lives of American teens;" 2) "Religion and religiosity repeatedly correlate with lower teen and adult
marijuana and substance use rates and buffer the impact of life stress which can
lead to marijuana and substance use;" and 3) "Youth turn to faith communities [but] most faith institutions [with] youth
ministries [do not] incorporate significant teen substance abuse prevention
activities." Krissy Oechslin, assistant director of communications at the Washington,
DC-based Marijuana Policy Project, the nation's largest marijuana policy reform
organization, is concerned about the faith-based effort. "We do not oppose
efforts to teach kids the truth about drugs. But the one thing that will likely
be conspicuously missing from this faith-based initiative is any discussion
about the effects of our drug laws," Oechslin told me in a telephone interview. "You can talk all you want about prevention and reducing demand but the fact of
the matter is, nearly 750,000 people were arrested for marijuana violations in
2001; nearly 90% of those were for simple possession," Oechslin pointed out.
"Despite the fact they are in a religious setting, they will likely avoid
significant ethical questions raised by the drug wars, such as whether kids
should be put into prison for using marijuana. If you talked with John Walters
about this he would probably say that these kinds of questions are irrelevant to
the conversation." Moving forward on faith
Bush's faith-based anti-drug effort is the latest in a series of moves advancing
his faith-based initiative. In late-June, the White House Office of Faith-Based
and Community Organizations spelled out its position on a concept called
"religious hiring rights." In a position paper titled "Protecting the Civil
Rights and Religious Liberty of Faith-Based Organizations: Why Religious Hiring
Rights Must Be Preserved," the administration argued religious organizations
that receive government grants should be allowed to hire anyone they darn well
please. At least two pieces of legislation with "religious hiring rights" provisions are
currently under consideration by Congress: "The School Readiness Act of 2003,"
H.R. 2210, allows religious organizations receiving government funds to provide
Head Start services to discriminate in their hiring practices; and the $4
billion Workforce Reinvestment and Adult Education Act -- passed by the full
House on a party-line 220-204 vote -- also included a similar faith-based
exemption. 'Faith: The Anti-Drug'
At a press conference surrounded by Christian, Jewish and Islamic community
leaders, John Walters, director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy,
said: "Faith plays an important role when it comes to teen marijuana prevention.
We are urging youth ministers, volunteers and faith leaders to integrate drug
prevention messages and activities into their sermons and youth programming and
are providing them with key tools and resources to make a difference. "As long as [America's youth] have, in their minds, the expectation that drug
abuse comes as a rite of passage, we will continue to lose too many of our young
people." (Isn't it amazing how many press conferences Bush Administration
officials have held surrounded by Christian, Jewish and Islamic religious
leaders?) "The reality is a lot of people don't know how to talk about these issues," said
Jim Towey, the Director of the White House Office of Faith-Based and Community
Initiatives. "According to data from Monitoring the Future, 90 percent of teens
in the U.S. are affiliated with a religious denomination and 43 percent of
eighth graders attend religious services weekly. Churches, temples and mosques
are well positioned to cultivate anti-drug values and teach effective coping
tools to deal with negative peer pressure," said Towey. The new campaign's slogan -- "Faith. The Anti-Drug" -- appears to indicate that
Walters, appointed drug czar by Bush in May 2001, is turning down the volume
from an earlier anti-marijuana ad campaign focused on teens. That high-powered
effort was aimed at linking teenagers using marijuana to the funding of
terrorist organizations and support for terrorism. Walters, characterized as a "drug 'hawk' well known for his moral condemnation
of drug use and his criticism of Clinton's drug war techniques," by Salon's
Janelle Brown, pointed out that "we need to be candid" about the situation
confronting America's youth. Being candid, however, has not been one of the drug
czar's strong suits. If Walters were truly candid he would talk about the billions of dollars wasted
on the war on drugs; he would talk about the succession of cynical anti-drug
advertising campaigns run by high-powered and well-connected ad agencies whose
only success has been in lining its own pockets with tax-payer funds; and he
would talk about the hundreds of thousands of people languishing in prisons
because of marijuana-related convictions. In May, 2002, the Village Voice's Cynthia Cotts reported that a Wall Street
Journal article citing the results of a Walters-authorized survey -- conducted
by the private research firm Westat and the University of Pennsylvania -- "shows
the government's anti-drug ads have completely failed to slow down teen drug
use. Over the past five years," Cotts writes, "the feds spent $929 million to
spread the message, and what did they get? A quarter of high school seniors
still use illegal drugs, and after seeing the ads, some 13-year-old girls
started smoking pot." If the new emphasis on faith-based interventions sounds like the repackaging of
an old idea, well, that's because it very well might be. Last year, when the
president announced his National Drug Control Strategy, FY-2003, "compassionate
coercion" was the term coined and touted as a key element for success. Under the
heading "Healing America's Drug Users" a White House fact sheet said: "Getting
people into treatment -- including programs that call upon the power of faith --
will require us to create a new climate of compassionate coercion, which
begins with family, friends, employers, and the community. Compassionate
coercion also uses the criminal justice system to get people into treatment." Bush's advocacy of "religious hiring rights" and the administration's grafting
of faith-based organizations onto the drug wars cuts to the heart of
church/state separation, says Barry Lynn, executive director of Americans United
for Separation of Church and State. According to Lynn, this new anti-drug effort
is another administration attempt to blur those lines. In a Press Release issued
by Americans United Lynn said, "The Bush administration seems to think there's a
'faith-based' solution to every social and medical problem in America. The
project announced today is one very small part of a larger crusade that raises
troubling constitutional concerns." "The White House is ignoring vital constitutional safeguards," continued Lynn.
"The Constitution calls for a separation between religion and government, not a
merger." Lynn pointed out that Walters recently appeared at a Riverside, Calif. "Teen
Challenge" facility whose treatment program "relies on conversion to
fundamentalist Christianity as its form of treatment." Only evangelical
Christians are hired to carry out its work. In testimony before Congress in
2001, a Teen Challenge official noted that some Jews who participate in the
program convert to Christianity, becoming what he called "completed Jews." Many
Jewish leaders found the term offensive, the AU Press Release pointed out. This far, says Jeremy Leaming, Communications Associate at Americans United,
government funds have not been awarded to Teen Challenge or any other religious
organizations for John Walter's new anti-drug initiative. "But," he added, "we
are watching the situation closely." "Bush's whole drug policy is in reality one gigantic faith-based initiative,"
Bruce Mirken, the Marijuana Policy Project's director of communications,
commented in a recent e-mail. "It's sure not based on science or data,
particularly in regard to marijuana. The government's own figures show that
marijuana use by kids under 21 has gone up over 2000% since marijuana was
banned, and a National Research Council study commissioned by the Drug Czar's
office reported in 2001 that the evidence shows little or no relationship
between the severity of criminal sanctions and rates or frequency of drug use.
"If the government announced a program to reduce unemployment, and unemployment
subsequently rose 2000%, that policy would be toast faster than you can say
'Bill Bennett loves to gamble,'" Mirken pointed out. "But the administration
believes, with deep religious conviction that drugs are bad and must be banned.
It's truly a faith based drug policy, and it ruins lives every day." (c) Working Assets Online. All rights reserved. Parti Marijuana de l'Ontario Marijuana Party
ICQ: 231997626 AOL/Yahoo/MSN: onmjp

@_date: 2003-08-17 16:38:30
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
Tyler Durden said:
The CIA's official explanation of the event, even to this layman, is
aerodynamically impossible.  Let me say that the TWA 800 coverup has a lot to do
with my cynicism about what really happened on 9/11. (I have a copy of the
Howard Stern show from that day, and chopper reporter that Howard fed in clearly
reports a second, massive explosion just before the south tower collapsed.
Speaking with an ironworker who worked on the cleanup only brought more
questions as to the "real" cause of the collapses.)

@_date: 2003-08-17 16:41:03
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
Roy M. Silvernail said:
systems often activate a pager.  In that case you DO NOT want the cops to come.
As an aside, watched Das Experiment last night (German movie based on the
Stanford prison experiment).  Very enlightening/disturbing.

@_date: 2003-08-17 16:43:20
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
Harmon Seaver said:
A local alarm company here (Alarmforce) advertises an "extra" to their basic
package: a backup cellular phone link to their monitoring system.  Not sure if
it's really functional, or just burgular FUD, but many people have taken it...at
an extra charge, of course...

@_date: 2003-08-17 16:43:27
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: How can you tell if your alarm company's... 
Harmon Seaver said:
A local alarm company here (Alarmforce) advertises an "extra" to their basic
package: a backup cellular phone link to their monitoring system.  Not sure if
it's really functional, or just burgular FUD, but many people have taken it...at
an extra charge, of course...

@_date: 2003-12-08 19:54:47
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Marijuana once again legal in Ontario, Canada 
An unforeseen consequence of government incompetence.
TORONTO - Ontario Consumers for Safe Access to Recreational Cannabis is happy to
inform consumers that, because of Health Canada's failure to implement
constitutional Medical Marijuana Access Regulations, wide-open marijuana
legalization is back in Ontario! "The police will likely still have their 'business as usual' public relations
line, but since Health Canada has defied the order of the Ontario Court of
Appeal by not allowing a grower to supply multiple patients, as ordered, the
MMAR is unconstitutional," said Tim Meehan, communications director of OCSARC. "Because it's unconstitutional, that means that according to the Parker decision
by the same court in 2000, the possession of marijuana law is dead once again." OCSARC reminds people that while they might still be arrested and prosecuted by
police and prosecutors who refuse to acknowledge the status of the law, they may
seek substantial financial compensation later. "This is a notice to police that
while they do have the power to arrest harmless marijuana smokers, they will be
doing so at their own peril. Cannabis consumers will not allow themselves to be
treated as second class citizens, and many will be armed with legal information
and representation in case the harassment continues," said Meehan. OCSARC (Ontario Consumers for Safe Access to Recreational Cannabis) is a
Toronto-based organization working to end prohibition and promote reasonable and
responsible regulation and quality assurance in the cannabis market.

@_date: 2003-12-18 12:20:15
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Nextel chills radio station into disciplining disgruntled 
Pubdate: Thu, 18 Dec 2003
Source: City Paper (PA)
Copyright: 2003 CP Communications, Inc.
Contact: editorial at citypaper.net
Website: Details: Author: Morris Bracy
Bookmark: THE HIGH AND THE MIGHTY
The first time self-described marijuana-legalization spokesperson
Patrick Duff smoked weed, he was an 11-year-old kid in Delran, N.J. "I
was a very adventurous young man," says Duff, who, when he didn't get
high that first time, wondered what all the hype was about.
He couldn't have known that he and Mary Jane would have such an
enduring, committed relationship.
Sixteen years later, Duff found himself hosting Open Minds, an
hourlong weekly program on New World Radio 1540 AM. For an eight-week,
buy-your-own-airtime stint that began in October, Duff -- along with a
ganja-themed local hip-hop act, Herbillest -- provided a local forum
for legalization activists to state their case to Philadelphians.
Unlike other shows with similar themes, Duff says that he "wasn't
going to go on there and be irate and get real crazy about the
situation, [but] actually find people who could solve the problem."
Past guests include Cannabis Hall of Fame inductee and author of The
Emperor Wears No Clothes Jack Herer, Vancouver's "Prince of Pot," Marc
Emery, and our very own "NJ Weedman," Ed Forchion.
Duff just couldn't keep the topic on weed the whole time, though, and
took on cell phone giant Nextel Communications when his i90 cell gave
out. He says he trusted that his $4.95-a-month manufacturer's
insurance policy, along with a $35 deductible, would guarantee a new
replacement. But as he went through three replacements in six months,
he read the fine print and found that Nextel reserved the right to
replace broken phones with "refurbished" ones.
Duff, who felt like he was getting hustled, demanded the company tell
consumers new phones weren't an option and that all phones were used.
He then challenged a Nextel rep to defend the company's policies on
the air. Nextel responded by calling his station and apparently
convincing the general manager to do some in-house censorship. In a
letter from the station, Duff was threatened with being "immediately
canceled" should he "even breathe the name Nextel."
Chris Doherty, Nextel's senior director of public affairs, admits they
called but says they didn't threaten the station with a libel suit.
According to Doherty, the company's main concern was preventing an
irate Duff from publicly making slanderous comments. Doherty claims
that during a phone exchange, Duff drew a parallel between Nextel's
actions and the Columbine massacre. He feared similar comments might
be expressed on the airwaves. New World GM Sam Speiser had no comment.
Though his show's off the air, Duff is considering buying more New
World time slots. Duff's next move will be his most ambitious yet --
assuming it works. To celebrate the end of the NJ Weedman's
drug-possession parole, he's helping the local counterculture
celebrity organize a smokeout at the Liberty Bell.
Originally scheduled for Dec. 6 -- it was canceled due to snow -- the
smokeout is slated to be held this Saturday. Unlike past smokeouts,
where everyone quits smoking cigarettes, this will be more of a
"smoke-in," where everyone present will celebrate "with the sacrament
of marijuana," Duff says.
The rally is slated to begin at 3 p.m. and last until 5 p.m., with the
"sacrament" to be lit at precisely 4:20 p.m. (Wink, wink, nudge,
nudge.) According to Duff, invitations went out to Woody Harrelson,
Ashton Kutcher, Al Gore and Bill Clinton.
"People aren't going to be able to stop us. There's going to be
hundreds and hundreds of us," says Duff, who's confident that the
event will be an unprecedented success despite ramped-up security
around national monuments since the 9/11 attacks. Holding the event on
federal property is by design, since participants -- arrested
participants, hypothetically -- could seek protection from prosecution
under religious-freedom claims. (Forchion, who got pinched with 40
pounds, is a Rastafarian who says court rulings have defended his
right to smoke weed during religious rituals.) The location also keeps
the Philadelphia Police Department out of the mix, as Independence
Mall lies under the National Park Service's purview.
As of earlier this week, Park Service spokesperson Phil Sheridan said
he hadn't heard about the planned protest, so no responses were available.
"There are areas designated for exercising your First Amendment
rights," says Sheridan, "but you cannot break the law [to do so]."

@_date: 2003-12-21 11:32:27
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Mitnick wants war stories 
This sounds like a very interesting project!
Mitnick calls for hackers' war stories	
Patrick Gray
ZDNet Australia
December 19, 2003, 10:40 GMT
Notorious hacker Kevin Mitnick is collating tales of hackers' 'art' into a book	
Famed hacker and master social engineer Kevin Mitnick has been commissioned to
write a new book following the success of his first text The Art of Deception.
The new book, tentatively titled The Art of Intrusion will tell the stories of
real hacks, with the names of attackers obscured to protect them from the
authorities and their victims. Mitnick has called on retired hackers to come
forward with their stories, offering a $500 ( prize for the best story that
makes it into the book, and a $200 payment for all stories that make the final
draft. "I'm going to tell the true stories of some of the untold most salacious hacks
in cyberspace. The sexy, the ingenious, the innovative and the clever," he told
ZDNet Australia by phone from the US "The stories are not going to be the same
attack vector or the same class of vulnerability. I'm looking for stories that
will include a variety of attack methods exploiting physical, operational,
network host, and personnel security vulnerabilities." Fame found Kevin Mitnick when the US government made an example of him,
incarcerating him for five years for computer based offences. Four of his years
inside were served before he was even tried, and he was forced to endure eight
months in solitary confinement because "the government said I could start a
nuclear war if I had access to a telephone," Mitnick says. In trouble with the law for technological mischief since 1982, Mitnick became a
fugitive in January 1993 when he skipped town after authorities sought to
question him about a possible parole violation. During that time he used various
aliases, including Eric Weiss -- Harry Houdini's real name -- and worked several
jobs, including a stint as a systems administrator at a law firm. He was
captured in 1995 by the FBI after two years on the run. The hunt for Mitnick and
his subsequent capture were dramatised in the novel Takedown, which was
subsequently turned into a movie of the same name. The book was written by
Mitnick's rival and security professional Tsutomu Shimomura, and co-authored by
New York Times journalist John Markoff. Shimomura assisted the FBI in tracking
Mitnick, who launched a scathing attack on the Takedown account of events in a
chapter of his last book that was never published. Mitnick was released from custody into supervised release in early 2000. The
conditions of his release meant he was not allowed to use a computer. When it
came time to write his book, however, the government was flexible. "The government had given me permission to obtain a computer prior to my
supervised release expiring. I wasn't permitted to use the Internet but I did
use a computer to do the last book. It was more difficult... I had to actually
send a floppy disk to my co-author, that's how we traded material -- by physical
postal mail," Mitnick explained. "But now these restrictions have been lifted I
think it's really going to increase our productivity now we can use this
marvellous thing called email." The terms of Mitnick's supervised release were lifted in January this year. As
well as being able to use the Internet again, Mitnick has been able to leave the
US -- a luxury not afforded to him while under the conditions of his release
agreement. "Lately I've been travelling all around the world, I've been to
Brazil -- I just got back from Portugal. I've been in the Czech Republic,
Poland, Spain, Helsinki [in] Finland -- which is kind of funny because Nokia
mobile phones, one of our prior victims, actually sponsored my talk which is
great. They've been forgiving," he said. Conceding his notoriety is at least in part responsible for his "reversal of
fortune" -- he claimed he was worried that the initial conditions of his release
would make it difficult for him to find a job -- Mitnick says his well-known
name is useful in getting his foot in the door. "My demand in the speaking arena -- my name value or my branding -- is really a
product of the sensationalism that was attached to the 'Kevin Mitnick' case...
if that never happened I might be a fantastic author, a fantastic consultant,
and a world renowned security professional, but by name I might not be known,"
Mitnick argued. "I do attribute the trials and tribulations that I experienced
in the past to why my name is so well known, and... this notoriety -- it does
drive some business." Mitnick plans to hand the finished manuscript to his publisher in September next
year. Have you got a story for Mitnick's new book? Email him at
hacks at defensivethinking.com.

@_date: 2003-12-24 22:52:56
@_author: cypherpunks@salvagingelectrons.com 
@_subject: MAOLD terrorist group strikes Toronto 
(Oh wait, terrorist by USA PATRIOT Act Standards.)
SUSPECTS RESPONSIBLE FOR TORCHING CHRISTMAS DECORATONS ARRESTED
32 Division
Toronto Police have been investigating 12 reported cases of arson, which
occurred in the Willowdale area between November 10 and December 13, 2003. In each occurrence, suspects deliberately set afire numerous front yard holiday
displays containing scarecrows, reindeer, wreaths or bales of straw. In one instance the suspects left a note warning the homeowner to stop using
flammable outdoor displays and stick to indoor decorations. The note was signed "M.A.O.L.D. The movement against outdoor lawn decorations,
and Bite the Curb".
On Sunday December 21st, 2003 officers on patrol in the Willowdale neighbourhood
investigated a number of youths walking along the street. At that time, one of the youths was found to be in possession of a can of fuel,
a hose, gloves and a mask. On Tuesday December 23rd, 2003 as a result of further investigation, officersf
rom No. 32 Division arrested and charged three 15-year-old boys in relation to
the arsons. In total, the youths face a total of eight counts of arson causing damage to
property. They are scheduled to appear in court in January of 2004. Anyone having information regarding this investigation is asked to contact
police at 416-808-3200 or Crime Stoppers at 416-222-TIPS(8477).

@_date: 2003-07-05 08:07:49
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Brinword on again in Kelowna, BC: CanPrivComm's replacement 
Too bad George Radwanski didn't just bring his lunch to work more often.  This
was one of his more prominent causes, an important one, which his successor is
just rolling over on.
The Toronto Star
Jul. 5, 2003. 01:00 AM
Radwanski stand-in cleans house
Sidelines aides, ends pricey B.C. court challenge Staff co-operating with
auditors: Robert Marleau
TONDA MACCHARLES
OTTAWA BUREAU
OTTAWARobert Marleau, the man replacing former privacy commissioner George
Radwanski, has moved quickly to overhaul the beleaguered office, halting a
$250,000 court challenge to RCMP surveillance cameras yesterday and sidelining
two of Radwanski's most controversial senior aides.
Marleau, a former clerk of the Commons who is filling the job on an interim
basis, said in an interview he dropped the high-profile court action in Kelowna,
B.C., that Radwanski had undertaken as a crusade because it was not "a useful
way of spending public funds."
Marleau also accepted on Wednesday the resignation and early retirement of Art
Lamarche, Radwanski's chief of corporate services. Marleau said there was no special incentive package offered to Lamarche to
retire July 31; it was Lamarche's own decision.
The interim privacy commissioner also ordered Dona Vallieres, Radwanski's
director of communications and frequent travel companion, to take "special
leave" with full pay pending the outcome of Auditor-General Sheila Fraser's
financial probe.
"When I came in, I took stock of the situation and thought it was in her best
interests and our best interests while the audit was ongoing, and pending its
results, that she go on special leave," Marleau said. He would not speculate on
the likelihood of Vallieres returning to her job. "The audit will dictate the
outcome," he said.
Vallieres travelled extensively with her former boss to Paris, Madrid, London,
Rome, New York and New Zealand among other destinations. Her expense claims show
she often dined at the same Ottawa restaurants preferred by the ex-commissioner.
A self-described sufferer of chronic fatigue syndrome, Vallieres had refused to
appear before the Commons committee investigating Radwanski's expenses, saying
she was ill. She did, however, appear at Radwanski's news conference the
following day.
Vallieres has declined interviews, but indignantly denied to a CTV reporter she
had any improper relationship with Radwanski.
In 2001-2002, documents show Radwanski claimed $182,777 in domestic and foreign
travel expenses. Vallieres claimed a total of $129,542 for the same period.
Marleau declined to reveal the salaries of Vallieres and Lamarche, who is on
"special leave" with full pay until his July 31 retirement, but both are
considered senior executives in the public service. Under recently announced pay
increases, an executive's salary ranges from $102,200 to $165,000.
The NDP's Pat Martin said he was pleased with the moves by Marleau, and said the
results of the auditor general's investigation may mean future sanction for
Radwanski's former aides.
"(Canadians) should be comforted by the fact that any maladministration of
public funds may be considered a criminal matter," he said.
Neither Lamarche nor Vallieres returned the Star's calls yesterday.
Marleau, and all senior officials in the privacy office, have already met with
and provided documents to federal auditors from Fraser's office, and more
interviews are set for Monday, he said. As well, a "broad" audit of staffing
practices by the Public Service Commission is underway.
"As far as I'm concerned, they have complete access," Marleau said. "I look
forward to their findings."
As for the Kelowna surveillance camera court challenge Radwanski had launched,
Marleau said he made a "risk assessment" of the likelihood of success and the
future legal costs, and believed it was "not reasonable" to proceed.
Up to now, the merits of the case hadn't been argued, yet the challenge had
already cost $250,000 to litigate, mostly in fees to Toronto lawyer Morris
Manning. The challenge, Marleau said, was not "the best use of funds of this
small office."
The federal justice department opposed Radwanski's efforts to bring the matter
to court, and Radwanski had lost his first bid for standing to intervene. Marleau said the office still has concerns about the privacy implications of
surveillance cameras, and if it received a complaint from an individual Kelowna
resident, which it has not, it would "pursue" the matter, and apply a test of
"reasonableness" to the use of surveillance equipment. Tim Meehan, Communications Director
Ontario Consumers for Safe Access to Recreational Cannabis
tim at ocsarc.org *  * 416-854-6343

@_date: 2003-06-11 15:24:17
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Passport to Brinworld: Canadian Passport office digitizing all 
Your ID going digital
By TOM GODFREY - Toronto Sun
The passport office has begun digitizing the photographs of millions of
Canadians whose mugshots may end up in a United Nations-sanctioned global facial
recognition database. The move is to meet standards set by the UN's
International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), which requires a tiny computer
chip with a person's picture and basic information be input into every passport
from its 188 member states. ICAO officials last week ruled facial recognition technology will be the method
used to identify travellers, who will have their photos downloaded into the
database of a foreign country every time their passport is scanned at a border. The UN body said the global database can be used to nab or monitor terrorists,
fugitives and others sought by police. All passports will be chipped Jacques Perron, of the Canadian Passport Office, said about four million
Canadians have had their photos digitized since the program began two years ago.
"At some point every Canadian passport will have a chip inside," Perron said.
"There is nothing to prevent nations from collecting data and putting them on a
database." He said no date has been set for when the chip will be inside Canadian
passports, but officials are using facial recognition to screen people applying
for passports to curb fraud. ICAO spokesman Denis Chagnon said facial recognition will increase air security
and speed up the flow of passengers. "If police are trying to find someone their face can be flagged on a database,"
Chagnon said. "Anyone who holds a passport will become part of a global
database."

@_date: 2003-06-29 15:21:44
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Legal marijuana in Ontario, Canada tries courts, police 
Pubdate: Sunday, June 29, 2003
Source: Ottawa Citizen (CN ON)
Contact: letters at thecitizen.southam.ca
Website: Author: Jake Rupert
Messy marijuana law tries courts, police
Right now, there is no law against possessing marijuana for personal use in
the province, due to a couple of recent court rulings. Police officers,
lawyers and judges are asking what happens next.
Jake Rupert
The Ottawa Citizen
If you're confused about whether it is legal or illegal to possess marijuana
in Ontario, you're not alone. And you have some pretty good company.
It seems the answer to the simple question of whether possession of
marijuana is legal right now depends on who you ask.
Police and federal Crown attorneys will tell you that, in their opinion,
it's still illegal to possess marijuana. On the other hand, judges and
defence lawyers will tell you there is no law against having marijuana for
personal use.
The fact is that, right now, in law and in practice, there is no law against
possessing marijuana for personal use in the province, due to a couple of
recent court rulings.
The proof can be seen in our courts these days as judges in Ottawa and
across Ontario are simply dismissing the charges against people because the
charges have no legal merit.
Justice Bruce MacPhee, Eastern Ontario's regional senior Ontario Court
judge, said he quashed three of them in the week of June 16-20.
"In my view, the charge of simple possession of marijuana, less than 30
grams, is no longer capable of finding its way onto a proper information."
Barring a drastic move by the federal government -- which isn't going to
happen anytime soon -- there will be no law against possession at least
until the Ontario Court of Appeal rules on the case that nullified the law.
There is no date for that case to be heard at the province's highest court.
Brian McAllister, the Windsor lawyer who brought down the law, thinks the
hearing will happen in late July or early August. A ruling will follow
sometime after that. "As it stands, it looks like we were heading for a
summer of unregulated marijuana use in Ontario," said Mr. McAllister. "We're
actually in the middle of an interesting social experiment. It will be
interesting to see what happens. Will people use marijuana more? I don't
"Maybe we should look at the results to see what direction we will take on
the issue in the future."
Things got to this point because of a federal law, coupled with a series of
court rulings based on the law.
In the early to mid-1990s, social activists began clamouring for a law
allowing people suffering from various ailments to smoke marijuana because
it helped ease their pain and suffering. At the same time, doctors began
writing prescriptions for marijuana.
In June 1999, then-health minister Allan Rock started granting exemptions to
people for medicinal use. However, these people still had to obtain the drug
through illegal connections. The exemptions were also being granted at the
minister's discretion.
In July 2000, the Ontario Court of Appeal struck down the section of the
Controlled Drugs and Substances Act prohibiting possession of less than 30
grams of marijuana. In the ruling, the court agreed that the possession law
violated the federal charter rights of Terry Parker, a man suffering from
severe epilepsy who'd been arrested twice by Toronto police for cultivation
and possession of the drug.
The court found that if the government wasn't going to make a legal supply
of the drug available, it couldn't make it a crime for people to grow it and
possess it themselves.
The appeal court gave the federal government a year to replace the
possession law -- or it would cease to exist.
Instead of filling the void created by the decision, the government came up
with marijuana medical-access regulations. Still, this program didn't
provide a legal supply of the drug to people with minister's exemptions.
The bomb dropped on Jan. 2 this year when Mr. McAllister successfully argued
to Ontario Court Justice Douglas Phillips that a charge of marijuana
possession against a 17-year-old client in Windsor should be thrown out
because the government hadn't replaced the law that was struck down by the
appeals court, and, therefore, according to the July 2000 appeal court
ruling, the law no longer existed. The judge agreed the law prohibiting
possession was legal no more and tossed out the charge. The Crown appealed.
Hard on the heels of this decision, after hearing a month of arguments last
fall, Ontario Superior Court Justice Sydney Lederman declared the
government's medicinal-marijuana program unconstitutional because it didn't
provide a legal source of marijuana for sick people. The Crown appealed.
In the spring, the Crown's appeal of Judge Phillips' ruling in the Windsor
case was heard, and, on May 16, was rejected by Ontario Superior Court
Justice Steven Rogin. The law didn't exist anymore, Judge Rogin found. The
Crown is appealing this ruling to the province's highest court.
But because Judge Rogin was sitting as an appeals court judge, the ruling is
binding on every other lower court in Ontario -- which means all the courts
that hear cases of simple possession.
"This is a binding ruling," Judge MacPhee said. "Judges have discretion, but
most are following the Superior Court's direction that the law is
As a last-ditch effort, the Crown applied to the Ontario Court of Appeal for
an order setting aside this precedent until the appeal is heard. Earlier
this month, this failed when a judge at the court ruled that she simply
didn't have the authority to set aside the ruling.
The situation is giving law-enforcement officials fits -- in large part
because there is currently no law to enforce. Across the province, after
consultation with lawyers, police chiefs have instructed their officers not
to lay any new charges of simple possession of marijuana.
However, in many jurisdictions, including Ottawa, officers have been
instructed to continue doing investigations -- including seizing cannabis,
submitting exhibits and fully documenting the investigation and seizure with
an eye to laying charges later if the appeals court overturns Judge Rogin's
decision or the federal government changes the law.
This process has some potential legal pitfalls. First off, when embarking on
any investigation including search and seizure, police officers must have
reasonable and probable grounds to assume that a law has been broken.
However, there is currently no law against possession to break, according to
the court rulings.
This means police are acting on shaky legal ground if they stop people,
question them, search them, seize drugs, or even ask a person their name
when they think somebody might be in possession of marijuana.
"This is a very tough situation for police, and there's a potential for some
pretty nasty situations," Mr. McAllister said. "I worry there will be a
person who refuses to co-operate with an officer who is intent on taking
marijuana from them.
"It's well-established in criminal law that you have the right to resist a
wrongful arrest."
The second problem with police continuing to investigate marijuana
possession is what will happen if the Ontario Court of Appeal upholds Judge
Rogin's decision. Police will then be in a situation of having seized
people's property without the authority to do so.
"They're running a risk with this practice," said legal scholar David
Paciocco. "They're gambling that the Court of Appeal will find Judge Rogin's
decision was wrong, and the law will come back. If it doesn't, they will be
in a position where they've seized people's private property, and that could
have legal ramifications."
In a statement, Ottawa police Chief Vince Bevan said the situation has put
the police in a difficult position and is undermining public confidence in
the integrity of the criminal justice system.
"These are matters of law and are of great import to the police and to the
community at large," he said. "I call upon the government of Canada to take
immediate action to resolve this urgent matter."
Recently, the federal government introduced legislation that would
decriminalize marijuana possession. The legislation is being debated by the
justice committee, and with Parliament not sitting until the fall, it won't
be passed anytime soon. Furthermore, the legislation would only
decriminalize possession -- it doesn't propose legalizing marijuana. This
means people caught with the drug would be fined instead of charged with a
criminal offence.
However, the Ontario court rulings legalize marijuana. So even if the bill
is passed sometime in the future, it falls short of remedying the situation
in Ontario. And it all adds up to a messy situation for federal Crown
attorneys in Ontario who prosecute drug offences.
Jim Leising, the man who oversees federal criminal prosecutions in the
province, says he's been instructing his assistants not to take any cases to
trial until the situation is sorted out.
Instead, they've been asking for adjournments or stays of proceedings.
"We're trying to exercise our discretion as even-handedly as we can," he
said. "In our opinion, there's a valid prohibition on the books against
possession of marijuana, but in the face of that, there's a binding court
decision saying it's nullified."
The Ottawa-area's head of federal prosecutions went even further when he
directed stays of proceedings against all people charged with the crime in
his jurisdiction. Eugene Williams said it was the right thing to do because
the prohibition against the crime is effectively gone.

@_date: 2003-05-12 13:29:15
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Homeland insecurity 
Boy bikes undetected into the United States
May 12, 2003, 11:11 AM EDT
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. -- A 7-year-old Canadian boy apparently biked into the
United States undetected by U.S. Customs officials, leaving his parents and
police questioning how such a security breach could occur. Mitchel Hernder rode his bike about 8 1/2 miles Saturday, ending up at a busy intersection in Niagara Falls. U.S. Customs officials on Sunday said they were unsure how the mistake occurred.
"What surprises me is that he crossed the border and got through without being
caught," Niagara Falls Police Lt. Salvatore Pino told The Buffalo News. "This
child basically got through Customs without being stopped by anybody." Mitchel, described as mildly autistic, apparently slipped away from his Niagara
Falls, Ontario, home and rode away on his sister's bike. His parents called
Niagara Regional Police about 4:15 p.m. and a search was launched involving
dozens of officers, family members and neighbors. Across the border, meanwhile, a motorist noticed the boy standing in the middle
of a busy intersection and called police about 5:45 p.m. Police suspect Mitchel rode his bike to the two-tier Whirlpool Bridge, about 1
1/2 miles from his home, and made his way across on either the deck for vehicle
traffic or one with abandoned train tracks. "How can a kid walk across the border in these times of high security?" his
father, Mark Hernder, asked. "It blows me away how he made it that far. I guess
someone wasn't watching the gate." The boy told police his name and address and then waited for his father to pick
him up at a police station. "If he didn't know his name or his address, I don't think we would have ever
found him," Hernder said. "We would have never thought to look for him in
America." Janet Rapaport, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's
Bureau of Customs & Border Protection, said the incident would be investigated. "If he did come across the border, we didn't encounter him," Rapaport said.

@_date: 2003-05-18 11:00:59
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Good things gro-o-o-o-w, in Ontario-o-o-o... 
No laws ban possession of marijuana, court rules
Landmark Ontario decision goes beyond the decriminalization proposed by Ottawa
By COLIN FREEZE AND KIM LUNMAN
UPDATED AT 10:53 AM EDT Saturday, May. 17, 2003 TORONTO and OTTAWA -- Canada has no laws prohibiting marijuana possession, an
Ontario Superior Court judge said yesterday in a ruling that will be binding on
judges in the province and may soon be picked up across the country.
"For today, and for the Victoria Day weekend, it's a very pleasant state of
affairs for recreational pot smokers," said criminal lawyer Paul Burstein, who
helped argue the case successfully.
It was the second time that a Windsor teenager who was caught smoking pot while
playing hooky in a park has been found not to have broken any law because, the
courts ruled, there are effectively no longer any marijuana laws to break.
Mr. Justice Steven Rogin upheld yesterday a lower-court decision, based on
complex arguments, that has already had far-reaching influence.
The new ruling means that proposed federal legislation to decriminalize
possession of a small amount of marijuana would actually "recriminalize" it,
defence lawyers said yesterday.
While the new law would impose fines for pot possession, yesterday's ruling
effectively eliminated any sanctions for simple pot possession in Ontario, they
The decision "has effectively erased the criminal prohibition on marijuana
possession from the law books in Ontario," said Brian McAllister, the lawyer for
the accused teenager.
Courts in Nova Scotia and PEI have already put prosecutions on hold pending
yesterday's ruling, he said, and lawyers in other provinces were similarly
watching for this decision.
The initial ruling in favour of the Windsor teenager, identified only as J. P.,
had a significant spillover effect and the higher-court decision is expected to
be even more influential.
The federal Department of Justice, which appealed the initial ruling, is
planning another appeal.
The government still plans to introduce its marijuana-decriminalization
legislation later this month.
Most Canadians are behind the idea, according to an Ipsos-Reid poll released
It found that 55 per cent of Canadians did not believe smoking marijuana should
be a criminal offence, while 42 per cent thought it should be.
More telling, 63 per cent of respondents supported Ottawa's plans to issue
tickets and fines similar to traffic violations to those caught with 15 grams or
less of marijuana, the poll found.
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon has said he is seeking the changes so that
people who are caught with small amounts will not clog up the court system,
potentially receiving criminal records.
For the moment, however, marijuana possession remains the most frequently laid
drug charge in Canada even though courts are becoming increasingly resistant to
hearing those cases.
Jim Leising of the federal Justice Department said in an interview that he was
"disappointed" by yesterday's decision and will push to have the case heard
quickly in the Ontario Court of Appeal.
"We are are still of the opinion that the law against marijuana is valid," he
Mr. Leising said prosecutions will continue, although some may be put on hold.
But defence lawyers involved in J.P.'s case said Ontarians facing possession
charges should fight Crown prosecutors' attempts to delay their cases until the
law is clarified.
Ontarians who are charged with marijuana possession after yesterday's ruling
could consider suing police for wrongful arrest, they said.
"Anybody who's got a charge before the court should definitely take advantage of
this," Mr. Burstein said.
Multiple court battles to strike down the marijuana laws are taking place, he
said, leaving Ottawa besieged from many directions.
"The courts keep firing big shots into the sides of the government's ship," Mr.
Burstein said.
"They're sinking lower and lower. They are bailing it out with a cup."
The Ipsos-Reid poll -- of 1001 people, conducted between May 13 and May 15 --
found people still have some reservations about decriminalization.
The poll results are considered to reflect accurately the feelings of the entire
country to within 3.1 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.

@_date: 2003-05-22 10:23:02
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Just wait until you see the government ads for Jesus... 
Buying Initiatives  A House committee is marking up a bill on May 22 that could strike at the heart
of ballot initiatives nationwide, significantly undermining the efforts of drug
policy reformers. A little-known segment of a bill reauthorizing the mission of
the nation's anti-drug agency could give the drug czar authority to use taxpayer
dollars to pay for media campaigns directly targeting state ballot measures. If
the bill passes, and agency chief John Walters uses public funds to hammer
initiatives the administration opposes, it would run counter to the whole
purpose of ballot initiatives, establish a disturbing precedent for federal
electioneering and hobble advocates pushing for saner alternatives to the War on
Drugs.

@_date: 2003-11-22 02:38:46
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Drug policy activist *searched and detained* by notorious South 
Report by Dan Goldman (dan at ssdp.org) of Students for Sensible Drug Policy
Forwarded from Loretta Nall (alabamamjparty at graffiti.net) of the US Marijuana
Party (
Loretta said:
This just in from my buddy Dan Goldman who is still on the ground in South
Carolina Now I promised you a good story and here it is... On Thursday when I went back to Stratford High School, I had a rather unexpected encounter. I started the day out as usual, passing out DPA's information, SSDP's stickers and a few of the SSDP t-shirts that I had left. At one point, a pair of teachers walked passed and I offered both of them the pamphlet and booklet. One of them asked "What is it?" and one of the students around him answered, "It has to do with keeping our school drug-free." A heavy-set man whose name I later learned was Mr. Green, took both the pamphlet and the booklet. The man next to him, a younger, smaller teacher whose name I later learned was Mr. McCombs refused my offer. In my youthful exhuberance, I said some snide remark to the effect of, "Way to set an example for your students by remaining ignorant." I know I shouldn't have said something like that and I didn't even think he heard me, but I was mistaken. Read on... Now, after most of the students dispersed, I did what I did the day before and walked through a muddy foot path, about 30 feet over to the school grounds to pass out a few more flyers. As I was walking back through the foot path to my car, I saw both of the teachers again and I kindly offered my last pamphlet to Mr. McCombs, who had neglected to take it before. This time he was very upset. He wanted to know why I would say what I said to him about staying ignorant. He said, "I've been to college and I've been teaching for 4 years, don't you think I may know a little something about keeping kids drug-free?" I said, "You may know a little something, but you probably haven't been exposed to what's in this pamphlet, so why don't you take one and find out?" He told me he didn't have time to read one and I suggested he do what most people do and put it in his pocket to read when he does have time. Mr. McCombs continued to wonder aloud why I thought it was necessary to undermine him in front of students and I continued to wonder to myself how one snide comment can undermine the authority of a teacher who has their attention every day for an hour? Now at this point, the two teachers began threatening me with this whole issue of tresspassing on school grounds. Since I was in fact on school grounds momentarily without permission, I really didn't want to get into it with them. I was about to leave with the excuse of another appointment (which was true, Ian Mance was arriving around 4:30pm and I wanted to see him as I've been staying at his parents' house for the last week) but then they made me an offer I couldn't refuse.... They offered to take me to see Principal McCrackin. Now, last week Mr. McCrackin had sent home a letter to parents offering to meet with any of them that still had concerns about the drug raid. However, according to the parents I've spoken with who've tried to meet with him, he's always busy. So I didn't think I would have the chance to meet the man behind the myth, and when the chance just presented itself like that, I thought it was too good to be true. Well, like everything too good to be true... It was! As I walked through the school, continuing my witty banter with the two teachers, we entered the principal's office and to my surprise, there were two officers of the law instead of one Principal. Immediately, one of them, a very big man named Cpl. Aucoin demanded my identification. Now having just seen BUSTED, I wasn't immediately inclined to give it to him. However I did tell him my name and I showed him the materials I was distributing. I asked Cpl. Aucoin if I was free to go and he said, "No," that he was detaining me. The two teachers insisted they caught me tressassing and I corrected them and explained they encountered me in between the back of strip mall and the school grounds on that muddy foot path. Then, in came McCrackin... I'm not sure how many of you have seen a picture of George McCrackin, but he's in his mid to late 50's, I would guess, dark hair that's greying but looks like he colors it. He's about 5 ft. 7in tall and maybe 170 lbs. He's a short, stout man, the kind with a Napolean complex of sorts. He looks tired beyond his years, like a man who has been at his job for too long. He's been principal of Stratford High School since it opened 20 years ago and before that he was assistant Superintendent of Schools in North Charleston and a principal and teacher for years before that, so the man has been in education for quite some time -- his entire adult life, in fact. That he cares for children was evident from speaking to many people in the community, but that he pre-judges people and labels them "good" or "bad" and then acts towards them accordingly, was also quite evident from speaking to his students, especially those who were at one time "good", but then did something to get themselves labeled "bad". They speak quite insightfully about how he treats his students. Upon speaking to Mr. McCrackin and being threatened with an arrest for tresspass, I decided to give up my ID. Cpl. Aucoin ran my ID as Mr. McCrackin disappeared with his two teachers to persumably view the videotape from one of the school's 70 surveillance cameras. He came back and said he had evidence I was "on his campus." I admitted to passing out a few materials to 6 students, said as much to him and apologized for not knowing I needed his permission to pass out flyers. (It wasn't as sarcastic as it sounds when you read this, honest.) He then asked me where I was parked, I think because he wanted to nail me for parking in "his lot" as well, but unfortunately as I told him, I was parked in the strip mall parking lot, which is off school grounds. Cpl. Aucoin asked if I saw the sign that said "For Customers Only" and I explained that I had purchased my lunch at the Subway in the strip mall, so I was indeed, a customer. Now at this point things got really weird. See earlier that afternoon, as school let out, a bunch of kids were speeding around the parking lot and burning the rubber on their tires. Then the police came and chased one of them. I believe Mr. McCrackin was rightly concerned with this incident, but seemed to place the blame in a strange place. (Does this sound framiliar?) When I told them I bought my lunch at Subway, he went on about how he was going to have that place closed down and what a dangerous situation it was causing. I couldn't understand how a sandwhich shop could be responsible for high school kids doing stupid things in their cars, but I guess it makes sense somewhere in McCrackin World. After he ended his subway tirade, I got to explaining about the "Safety First" philosophy and from what he said to me in response, I can say with 100% certainty that this man has lost his grip on reality. He told me he knew "Just Say No" wasn't working because they have Red Ribbon Week at school and although it's a school of 2700 people, there were 20-30 who were just going to do what they wanted to do anyways. I was honestly shocked that this man who has been an educator all his life, believes that there are only 20-30 students using drugs at his school. I spoke to at least 20-30 kids every day after school and I know I'm not hitting the lion's share of the drug using population at that school (most of whom are overwhelmingly marijuana smokers only), just the ones who happen to walk home that way or hang out in that area after school. So with what must have been a look of stupified incredulity on my face, the unexpected happened... George McCrackin told me to turn around and put my hands on my head with my fingers crossed. He said he was going to search me, as he had the right to search anyone in his school. He asked me if I had anything in my pockets I shouldn't have. The whole time I'm in utter disbelief that I'm being detained and searched by the principal of Stratford High School, Mr. George McCrackin. The irony was too much. After emptying my pockets and picking my pants back up for me (my belt wasn't tight enough) and not finding anything of interest in my pockets other than cash, keys and scraps of paper, I was told to sit down. He was still looking through my stuff when he asked me, "Who's Steve Silverman?" (I had Steve's name on a list of voicemail messages to return.) I told him "Mr. Silverman works for an organization called "Flex Your Rights" out of Washington, DC. It teaches young people to assert their constitutional rights during police encounters." Neither the cops nor the principal looked too thrilled to hear about that. There was another cop in the room this whole time, but he never said much. His name was Detective Brooder, and he used to work for the NYPD's bomb squad. He took much more interest in my ID than anyone else and kept bending it, I suspect to see if it was fake. (Earlier, when I was pulling out my ID, Cpl. Aucoin thought my expired International Student ID card was another license and he wanted to see that as well.) These folks in Goose Creek law enforcement just aren't too bright. At least on these two most recent searches, they're 0 for 2! Before I left, Mr. McCrackin took two copies of DPA's pamphlet and an SSDP sticker. He told me he would read the pamphlet even if I didn't believe him (which I assured him I did) and I apologized for not having anymore copies of the "Safety First" booklet on me to give to him. I then realized he took the copy of the pamphlet that had the names of the teachers and staff I had just encountered written on the back and when I asked for it back, in exchange for a different pamphlet, I was told, "I didn't need to have the names of his teachers." As if it was going to be so difficult to remember all four names. A tresspass warning was filled out with my name on it and my picture was taken by Cpl. Aucoin. ("No smiling!" he told me.) After he snapped my mug, I was given the warning which I was told to sign and I was reminded that it didn't have to be this way, they could have had me arrested, if they wanted. Now, having not lined up local counsel in advance, I wasn't too eager to spend an evening in the Berkeley County jail and frankly, I'm glad it didn't have to come to that. Before I left, I was also told to stay away from the strip mall behind the school and that I would be "run out" if I tried to come back there again. I guess tomorrow we'll see about that! I left the principal's office, walked off campus towards my car and on my way I ran into a few more students back in the strip mall parking lot. I told them what happened and we had a nice laugh.
Dan Goldman McCrackin Victim Dan Goldman is a 2001 graduate of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he
received a B.A. in history. He has been active in SSDP since the first meeting
of the UW-Madison chapter in the fall of 1999. Since then he has attended every
national SSDP conference, and in the spring of 2001, he organized SSDP's first
regional conference for SSDP activists throughout the midwest. Upon graduating,
Dan worked for the Drug Reform Coordination Network in Washington, DC and most
recently, he was the September 11th Detention Coordinator for the American
Friends Service Committee's Immigrant Rights Program, in Newark, NJ. Dan
currently resides in Madison, WI, where he is working on his first book.
Tim Meehan, Communications Director
Ontario Consumers for Safe Access to Recreational Cannabis
tim at ocsarc.org *  * 416-844-2431

@_date: 2003-11-22 02:51:50
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Drug policy activist *searched and detained* by notorious South 
Report by Dan Goldman (dan at ssdp.org) of Students for Sensible Drug Policy
Forwarded from Loretta Nall (alabamamjparty at graffiti.net) of the US Marijuana
Party (
Loretta said:
This just in from my buddy Dan Goldman who is still on the ground in South
Carolina Now I promised you a good story and here it is... On Thursday when I went back to Stratford High School, I had a rather unexpected encounter. I started the day out as usual, passing out DPA's information, SSDP's stickers and a few of the SSDP t-shirts that I had left. At one point, a pair of teachers walked passed and I offered both of them the pamphlet and booklet. One of them asked "What is it?" and one of the students around him answered, "It has to do with keeping our school drug-free." A heavy-set man whose name I later learned was Mr. Green, took both the pamphlet and the booklet. The man next to him, a younger, smaller teacher whose name I later learned was Mr. McCombs refused my offer. In my youthful exhuberance, I said some snide remark to the effect of, "Way to set an example for your students by remaining ignorant." I know I shouldn't have said something like that and I didn't even think he heard me, but I was mistaken. Read on... Now, after most of the students dispersed, I did what I did the day before and walked through a muddy foot path, about 30 feet over to the school grounds to pass out a few more flyers. As I was walking back through the foot path to my car, I saw both of the teachers again and I kindly offered my last pamphlet to Mr. McCombs, who had neglected to take it before. This time he was very upset. He wanted to know why I would say what I said to him about staying ignorant. He said, "I've been to college and I've been teaching for 4 years, don't you think I may know a little something about keeping kids drug-free?" I said, "You may know a little something, but you probably haven't been exposed to what's in this pamphlet, so why don't you take one and find out?" He told me he didn't have time to read one and I suggested he do what most people do and put it in his pocket to read when he does have time. Mr. McCombs continued to wonder aloud why I thought it was necessary to undermine him in front of students and I continued to wonder to myself how one snide comment can undermine the authority of a teacher who has their attention every day for an hour? Now at this point, the two teachers began threatening me with this whole issue of tresspassing on school grounds. Since I was in fact on school grounds momentarily without permission, I really didn't want to get into it with them. I was about to leave with the excuse of another appointment (which was true, Ian Mance was arriving around 4:30pm and I wanted to see him as I've been staying at his parents' house for the last week) but then they made me an offer I couldn't refuse.... They offered to take me to see Principal McCrackin. Now, last week Mr. McCrackin had sent home a letter to parents offering to meet with any of them that still had concerns about the drug raid. However, according to the parents I've spoken with who've tried to meet with him, he's always busy. So I didn't think I would have the chance to meet the man behind the myth, and when the chance just presented itself like that, I thought it was too good to be true. Well, like everything too good to be true... It was! As I walked through the school, continuing my witty banter with the two teachers, we entered the principal's office and to my surprise, there were two officers of the law instead of one Principal. Immediately, one of them, a very big man named Cpl. Aucoin demanded my identification. Now having just seen BUSTED, I wasn't immediately inclined to give it to him. However I did tell him my name and I showed him the materials I was distributing. I asked Cpl. Aucoin if I was free to go and he said, "No," that he was detaining me. The two teachers insisted they caught me tressassing and I corrected them and explained they encountered me in between the back of strip mall and the school grounds on that muddy foot path. Then, in came McCrackin... I'm not sure how many of you have seen a picture of George McCrackin, but he's in his mid to late 50's, I would guess, dark hair that's greying but looks like he colors it. He's about 5 ft. 7in tall and maybe 170 lbs. He's a short, stout man, the kind with a Napolean complex of sorts. He looks tired beyond his years, like a man who has been at his job for too long. He's been principal of Stratford High School since it opened 20 years ago and before that he was assistant Superintendent of Schools in North Charleston and a principal and teacher for years before that, so the man has been in education for quite some time -- his entire adult life, in fact. That he cares for children was evident from speaking to many people in the community, but that he pre-judges people and labels them "good" or "bad" and then acts towards them accordingly, was also quite evident from speaking to his students, especially those who were at one time "good", but then did something to get themselves labeled "bad". They speak quite insightfully about how he treats his students. Upon speaking to Mr. McCrackin and being threatened with an arrest for tresspass, I decided to give up my ID. Cpl. Aucoin ran my ID as Mr. McCrackin disappeared with his two teachers to persumably view the videotape from one of the school's 70 surveillance cameras. He came back and said he had evidence I was "on his campus." I admitted to passing out a few materials to 6 students, said as much to him and apologized for not knowing I needed his permission to pass out flyers. (It wasn't as sarcastic as it sounds when you read this, honest.) He then asked me where I was parked, I think because he wanted to nail me for parking in "his lot" as well, but unfortunately as I told him, I was parked in the strip mall parking lot, which is off school grounds. Cpl. Aucoin asked if I saw the sign that said "For Customers Only" and I explained that I had purchased my lunch at the Subway in the strip mall, so I was indeed, a customer. Now at this point things got really weird. See earlier that afternoon, as school let out, a bunch of kids were speeding around the parking lot and burning the rubber on their tires. Then the police came and chased one of them. I believe Mr. McCrackin was rightly concerned with this incident, but seemed to place the blame in a strange place. (Does this sound framiliar?) When I told them I bought my lunch at Subway, he went on about how he was going to have that place closed down and what a dangerous situation it was causing. I couldn't understand how a sandwhich shop could be responsible for high school kids doing stupid things in their cars, but I guess it makes sense somewhere in McCrackin World. After he ended his subway tirade, I got to explaining about the "Safety First" philosophy and from what he said to me in response, I can say with 100% certainty that this man has lost his grip on reality. He told me he knew "Just Say No" wasn't working because they have Red Ribbon Week at school and although it's a school of 2700 people, there were 20-30 who were just going to do what they wanted to do anyways. I was honestly shocked that this man who has been an educator all his life, believes that there are only 20-30 students using drugs at his school. I spoke to at least 20-30 kids every day after school and I know I'm not hitting the lion's share of the drug using population at that school (most of whom are overwhelmingly marijuana smokers only), just the ones who happen to walk home that way or hang out in that area after school. So with what must have been a look of stupified incredulity on my face, the unexpected happened... George McCrackin told me to turn around and put my hands on my head with my fingers crossed. He said he was going to search me, as he had the right to search anyone in his school. He asked me if I had anything in my pockets I shouldn't have. The whole time I'm in utter disbelief that I'm being detained and searched by the principal of Stratford High School, Mr. George McCrackin. The irony was too much. After emptying my pockets and picking my pants back up for me (my belt wasn't tight enough) and not finding anything of interest in my pockets other than cash, keys and scraps of paper, I was told to sit down. He was still looking through my stuff when he asked me, "Who's Steve Silverman?" (I had Steve's name on a list of voicemail messages to return.) I told him "Mr. Silverman works for an organization called "Flex Your Rights" out of Washington, DC. It teaches young people to assert their constitutional rights during police encounters." Neither the cops nor the principal looked too thrilled to hear about that. There was another cop in the room this whole time, but he never said much. His name was Detective Brooder, and he used to work for the NYPD's bomb squad. He took much more interest in my ID than anyone else and kept bending it, I suspect to see if it was fake. (Earlier, when I was pulling out my ID, Cpl. Aucoin thought my expired International Student ID card was another license and he wanted to see that as well.) These folks in Goose Creek law enforcement just aren't too bright. At least on these two most recent searches, they're 0 for 2! Before I left, Mr. McCrackin took two copies of DPA's pamphlet and an SSDP sticker. He told me he would read the pamphlet even if I didn't believe him (which I assured him I did) and I apologized for not having anymore copies of the "Safety First" booklet on me to give to him. I then realized he took the copy of the pamphlet that had the names of the teachers and staff I had just encountered written on the back and when I asked for it back, in exchange for a different pamphlet, I was told, "I didn't need to have the names of his teachers." As if it was going to be so difficult to remember all four names. A tresspass warning was filled out with my name on it and my picture was taken by Cpl. Aucoin. ("No smiling!" he told me.) After he snapped my mug, I was given the warning which I was told to sign and I was reminded that it didn't have to be this way, they could have had me arrested, if they wanted. Now, having not lined up local counsel in advance, I wasn't too eager to spend an evening in the Berkeley County jail and frankly, I'm glad it didn't have to come to that. Before I left, I was also told to stay away from the strip mall behind the school and that I would be "run out" if I tried to come back there again. I guess tomorrow we'll see about that! I left the principal's office, walked off campus towards my car and on my way I ran into a few more students back in the strip mall parking lot. I told them what happened and we had a nice laugh.
Dan Goldman McCrackin Victim Dan Goldman is a 2001 graduate of the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he
received a B.A. in history. He has been active in SSDP since the first meeting
of the UW-Madison chapter in the fall of 1999. Since then he has attended every
national SSDP conference, and in the spring of 2001, he organized SSDP's first
regional conference for SSDP activists throughout the midwest. Upon graduating,
Dan worked for the Drug Reform Coordination Network in Washington, DC and most
recently, he was the September 11th Detention Coordinator for the American
Friends Service Committee's Immigrant Rights Program, in Newark, NJ. Dan
currently resides in Madison, WI, where he is working on his first book.
Tim Meehan, Communications Director
Ontario Consumers for Safe Access to Recreational Cannabis
tim at ocsarc.org *  * 416-844-2431

@_date: 2003-11-22 14:32:57
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Toronto man charged with wardriving, possession of child 
November 21, 2003 - 01:20 pm
CHILD PORNOGRAPHY ARREST  USING STOLEN INTERNET SIGNAL
Corporate Communications
On Wednesday November 19th, 2003 at approximately 5:03am, Sgt. Don Woods (7167)
of 11 Division observed the accused driving his car the wrong way on a one way
street in a residential subdivision in Toronto. The accused was investigated and
observed to be naked from the waist down. He had a laptop computer on the
passenger seat and on the screen was a young girl performing a sex act on an
older man. The laptop had a wireless adapter card (known as a WI-FI card) allowing the
accused to access the Internet through any insecure wireless Internet signal.
(known as War Driving) The accused was taken to 11 Division and members of the
Child Exploitation Section of the Sex Crimes Unit were called in. A lengthy investigation revealed that the accused also had been downloading
child pornography using KaZaa, a peer to peer file sharing program and had been
posing as a younger man in chatrooms to meet young girls. With the assistance of
the O.P.P.s Project P, a search warrant was executed at the residence of the
accused in Delhi, Ontario. 10 Computers and hundreds of compact discs containing
hundreds of thousands of images and movies of child pornography were recovered. Accused : Walter NOWAKOWSKI 36 years Delhi, Ontario Charged : Possession of Child Pornography (2 Counts) Accessing Child Pornography Distribute Child Pornography Theft of Telecommunications Make Child Pornography The accused is in custody and will appear in courtroom  at Old City Hall, on
Monday November 24th, 2003, at 10:00 a.m. for a bail hearing.. The public is reminded that if they are operating a wireless network at their
home or business, their system needs to be secured against such actions.
Sgt. Jim Muscat for Detective Sergeant Paul Gillespie and Staff Inspector Bruce

@_date: 2004-02-22 19:20:34
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Fill The Hill 2004 - June 5, 2004 - Ottawa, Canada 
I'm proud to announce that the website for the largest drug reform rally in
Canadian history has launched.
Fill the Hill 2004 now has a home on the internet at fillthehill.ca
Fill the Hill 2004 will feature a broad cross-section of Canada's leading
political actors and activists in the fight for a sensible drug policy.
Speakers include Libby Davies, NDP M.P. for Vancouver-East and former member
of the decrim Bill (C-38) House committee, Marc Emery, President of the
B.C. Marijuana Party, Philippe Lucas from Canadians for Safe Access and the
Vancouver Island Compassion Society, David Malmo-Levine, recent Supreme
Court appellant and Vancouver cannabis activist, Alison Myrden, noted
medical marijuana activist, Honourable Senator Pierre Claude Nolin, member
of the Senate of Canada and Chair of the comprehensive and extensive Special
Senate Committee on Illegal Drugs, Eugene Oscapella, director of the
Canadian Foundation for Drug Policy, Kirk Tousaw, Policy Director for the
BCCLA, Marc Boris-St. Maurice, leader of the Marijuana Party of Canada, and
last but certainly not least, Alan Young, respected lawyer, law professor,
and author of Justice Defiled: Perverts, Potheads, Serial Killers & Lawyers.
 will serve as an important organizational and
communication tool in the coming months to keep people informed about this
exciting and unprecedented event.
Be sure to check our our website, join our mailing list, plan to be in
Ottawa on Saturday June 5, 2004 to 'fill the Hill' and support reform to our
failed marijuana laws.
Jody Pressman
Fill the Hill, Event Coordinator

@_date: 2004-02-28 02:06:12
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Authentic Journalism -- help end predatory drug policies... 
Letter from Tim Meehan of Pot TV
Dear Friends of Authentic Journalism:
We're at a very unique and special time in the history of our planet: Voices of
marginalized peoples are now on the same level of those called on by the
establishment media, thanks to the Internet.
With that in mind, I hope you will carefully consider a donation to the Fund for
Authentic Journalism.
Many of you already know of the good work of Al Giordano and the journalists at
Narconews.com. Chronicling the drug war, from somewhere in a country called
Amirica, Al and his colleagues bring the voice of the people directly affected
by predatory drug and national policies to an unprecedented world audience. Last
year, Narco News took the initiative to establish the School for Authentic
Journalism to educate people about reporting on the effects of the
Narco-Industrial Complex -- in several languages -- at a local level and
especially in Latin America, where the battle is fiercest.  Widely considered the fresh battleground between predatory governmental policies
and sane drug policy, the nations of Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador, Argentina and
Peru, among others, have been struggling to find their path.  The peoples of
those nations will pursue a rational policy when it comes to the drug trade, but
only if they are given unbiased, truthful, and complete information.
When it comes to reporting on drug wars from around the world, the importance of
this work cannot be understated. For example, we here in Canada have noticed the
difference that Authentic Journalism has made in the shaping our national debate
around cannabis legalization.
As Authentic Journalist Richard Cowan of marijuananews.com and pot-tv.net has
pointed out, "We are too White to invade, and too close to ignore," and our
voices are having a considerable impact on the story of our struggle in the
United States.  Often times our voices are not welcomed by U.S. interests, but
fortunately, we have the backing of interested philanthropists who fund and
facilitate (on a limited level) the telling of our stories.  Many poorer nations, unfortunately, do not have this support, often times simply
because they happen to be of a different race, language, or nationality. This is
why it is so important to ask for your donation to help support the voices of
people across Amirica.
If you're not convinced yet, it helps if you look at the international
narco-industrial complex as a machine. Predatory governments depend on this narco-industrial machine for their income
and prosperity.  Their agenda is raw power and money.
Establishment media (some of them in a perverse symbiotic relationship with
these same predatory governments) often feign concern for certain aspects of the
machine's operation.  Perhaps the control panel is designed improperly, or maybe
the operators are improperly trained in efficient operation.  However, they
ultimately ignore stories damaging to the government's agenda, and by extension,
theirs. People that speak out, saying that this machine has no place in society,
are ignored because it threatens their access and power.
Authentic Journalists, on the other hand, look at the wiring of the machine,
look at where the power source is coming in, look at who benefits from the
existence of the machine in the first place, and expose these truths -- as well
as a way to cut the power off. Authentic Journalists have an agenda too -- make
no mistake about it.  Their agenda is truth.
The Internet has changed the rules of engagement in the battle for ideas.  While
this may be obvious to those like myself, who have followed its progression from
text-based to graphical interfaces, and to today with it's entrenchment into
American and Canadian society, it helps have a historical perspective on things.
Part of the problem with asking funding for these projects may simply be because
of the lack of realization by donors that were are ahead of the curve.
So I'll ask you now to make a contribution to The Fund for Authentic Journalism,
specifically to train beginning journalists and journalism students at next
summer's School of Authentic Journalism session, via this PayPal Link:
Or you can send a check to:
The Fund for Authentic Journalism
P.O. Box 71051
Madison Heights, MI 48071 USA
And if you'd like to acknowledge this letter - an example of mutual aid among
independent media - as inspiring your donation, please write "Tim Meehan Letter"
on the envelope.
All funds received in direct response to this letter by midnight March 18, 2004,
will help determine how many scholarships in Authentic Journalism that Narco
News can offer this year.
Sir Authur C. Clarke came up with the idea of geosynchronous orbit for
communication satellites almost twenty years before they became a reality.
Marshall McLuhan prophesied the world wide web's global village in the 1960s,
and it came to fruition almost fourteen years after his death in 1980.
Ultimately, any donation to a cause like ours is a gamble on future.  We truly
believe Authentic Journalism will change the world, and we sincerely believe we
will meet your expectations -- and then some. I hope we can count on your support.
Tim Meehan
POT-TV News
Ontario Consumers for Safe Access to Recreational Cannabis
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
tim.meehan at utoronto.ca / tim at ocsarc.org
Email Link to Give Funds Online for the Tim Meehan Letter on behalf of the
School of Authentic Journalism:

@_date: 2004-01-12 14:31:40
@_author: Tim Meehan 
@_subject: Ontario, Canada's Largest Marijuana Growing Operation -- Molson 
News Stories: A marijuana growing operation at the former Molson brewery in Barrie -- thought
to be the largest ever discovered in the province -- is twice as big as
originally thought.
Pictures of the operation:
Fill The Hill * Ottawa, Canada -- Saturday, June 5th '04 * fillthehill.ca
