
@_date: 2004-11-04 02:34:46
@_author: cypher@tediouspath.com 
@_subject: campus network admins 
I recently violated the network user agreement (they packet-sniffed and
got the username/password for my FTP server and didn't like what I was
sharing with myself) and was informed by the admin that I am now 'under
observation' and that they "hope I don't like privacy". Considering
this admin was an NSA employee, I tend to take that threat a little
seriously. Two questions:
1) I'm assuming they can legally look at anything that comes in or out
of my computer, but is that the case? Can they look at my computer
itself, or take me off the network for the private contents of my
2) Is there some sort of service I can use to have everything I do on the
network encrypted, such as a tunneling service to the internet?
This message was sent from The Tedious Path
Are you ready to travel The Tedious Path?

@_date: 2004-11-17 19:43:43
@_author: cypher@tediouspath.com 
@_subject: Russia 'tests new missile systems' 
Russia 'tests new missile systems'
Wednesday, November 17, 2004 Posted: 6:59 PM EST (2359 GMT)
MOSCOW, Russia (CNN) -- Russian President Vladimir Putin announced
Wednesday that his country's armed forces will soon have access to
advanced nuclear missile systems unavailable in any other country.
"We are conducting research and are testing the most up-to-date nuclear
missile systems, which, I'm sure, will be supplied to the armed forces
in the near future," Putin told a conference of high-ranking military
officials, according to a translation from Russia's Interfax News
"What is even more important, these systems will have no analogues in
the other nuclear powers during the next few years."
The Bush administration said the developments in Russia's nuclear
program are consistent with the Moscow Treaty, signed between President
Bush and Putin in May 2002.
"We are confident that Russia's plans are not threatening and are
consistent with its obligations, and I think are indicative of a new
strategic relationship between the United States and Russia that is
focused on reducing threats and increasing confidence," deputy State
Department spokesman Adam Ereli told reporters.
The treaty, which required both sides to reduce their deployed strategic
nuclear warheads to between 1,700 and 2,200 by 2012, was designed to
establish a new strategic relationship between the two nations based on
partnership and cooperation.
But State Department officials told CNN on condition of anonymity that
although they don't think Putin's comments are anything to worry
about, they will be seeking further clarification from the Russians
about the specific modernizations in Moscow's program.
"As far as we can tell there is nothing to be concerned about, but Putin
did not give a lot of detail," one official said. "We are trying to
figure out what he meant. Did he mean what we think he means or is this
something that is not covered by the treaty?"
Another official said that Putin's comments could be viewed an attempt
to impress his military leaders with assurances that Russia's weapons
programs are competitive.
"This may well have been his way of talking to his defense folks," this
official said. "But we are trying to find out more."
President Bush will meet with Putin in Chile later this week at a summit
of Asian Pacific Economic Cooperation, where he is expected to discuss
the matter, this official said.
This message was sent from The Tedious Path
Are you ready to travel The Tedious Path?
