
@_date: 2004-12-03 09:24:52
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: The Source of Hitler's Success 
The Mises Institute is inviting
nominations for the best 15 Daily Articles of 2004, and the best 5
scholarly articles from either the Quarterly Journal of Austrian Economics
(6.3-7.2) or the Journal of Libertarian Studies (17.4-18.3). Send your
nominations to contact at mises.org. (We'll leave
out best online books, since the the 2004 list is dominated by Menger,
Rothbard, and Mises.)
The Source of Hitler's Success
by Ludwig von Mises
[Posted December 3, 2004]
The following, written in 1940, is excerpted from Interventionism, An
Economic Analysis, which was originally part of
the German predecessor to Human Action.
The entire
text is online for the first time.
Support Mises.org's online texts.
 Hitler, Stalin, and Mussolini constantly proclaim that they are chosen by
destiny to bring salvation to this world. They claim they are the leaders
of the creative youth who fight against their outlived elders. They bring
from the East the new culture which is to replace the dying Western
civilization. They want to give the coup de grace to liberalism and
capitalism; they want to overcome immoral egoism by altruism; they plan to
replace the anarchic democracy by order and organization, the society of
classes by the total state, the market economy by socialism. Their war is
not a war for territorial expansion, for loot and hegemony like the
imperialistic wars of the past, but a holy crusade for a better world to
live in. And they feel certain of their victory because they are convinced
that they are borne by the wave of the future.
It is a law of nature, they say, that great historic changes cannot take
place peacefully or without conflict. It would be petty and stupid, they
contend, to overlook the creative quality of their work because of some
unpleasantness which the great world revolution must necessarily bring with
it. They maintain one should not overlook the glory of the new gospel
because of ill-placed pity for Jews and Masons, Poles and Czechs, Finns and
Greeks, the decadent English aristocracy and the corrupt French
bourgeoisie. Such softness and such blindness for the new standards of
morality prove only the decadence of the dying capitalistic pseudo-culture.
The whining and crying of impotent old men, they say, is futile; it will
not stop the victorious advance of youth. No one can stop the wheel of
history, or turn back the clock of time.
The success of this propaganda is overwhelming. People do not consider the
content of alleged new gospel; they merely understand that it is new and
believe to see in this fact its justification. As women welcome a new style
in clothes just to have a change, so the supposedly new style in politics
and economics is welcomed. People hasten to exchange their old ideas for
new ones, because they fear to appear old-fashioned and reactionary. They
join the chorus decrying the shortcomings of the capitalistic civilization
and speak in elated enthusiasm of the achievements of the autocrats.
Nothing is today more fashionable than slandering Western civilization.
This mentality has made it easy for Hitler to gain his victories. The
Czechs and the Danes capitulated without a fight. Norwegian officers handed
over large sections of their country to Hitlers army. The Dutch and the
Belgians gave in after only a short resistance. The French had the audacity
to celebrate the destruction of their independence as a national revival.
It took Hitler five years to effect the Anschluss of Austria;
two-and-one-half years later he was master of the European continent.
Hitler does not have a new secret weapon at his disposal. He does not owe
his victory to an excellent intelligence service which informs him of the
plans of his opponents. Even the much-talked-of fifth column was not
decisive. He won because the supposed opponents were already quite
sympathetic to the ideas for which he stood.
Only those who unconditionally and unrestrictedly consider the market
economy as the only workable form of social cooperation are opponents of
the totalitarian systems and are capable of fighting them successfully.
Those who want socialism intend to bring to their country the system which
Russia and Germany enjoy. To favor interventionism means to enter a road
which inevitably leads to socialism.
An ideological struggle cannot be fought successfully with constant
concessions to the principles of the enemy. Those who refute capitalism
because it supposedly is inimical to the interest of the masses, those who
proclaim as a matter of course that after the victory over Hitler the
market economy will have to be replaced by a better system and, therefore,
everything should be done now to make the government control of business as
complete as possible, are actually fighting for totalitarianism. The
progressives who today masquerade as liberals may rant against
fascism; yet it is their policy that paves the way for Hitlerism.
 Nothing
could have been more helpful to the success of the National-Socialist
(Nazi) movement than the methods used by the progressives, denouncing
Nazism as a party serving the interests of capital. The German workers
knew this tactic too well to be deceived by it again.
Was it not true that, since the seventies of the last century, the
ostensibly pro-labor Social-Democrats had fought all the pro-labor measures
of the German government vigorously, calling them bourgeois and injurious
to the interests of the working class?
The Social-Democrats had consistently voted against the nationalization of
the railroads, the municipalization of the public utilities, labor
legislation, and compulsory accident, sickness, and old-age insurance, the
German social security system which was adopted later throughout the world.
Then after the war [World War l] the Communists branded the German
Social-Democratic party and the Social-Democratic unions as traitors to
their class. So the German workers realized that every party wooing them
called the competing parties willing servants of capitalism, and their
allegiance to Nazism would not be shattered by such phrases.
Unless we are utterly oblivious to the facts, we must realize that the
German workers are the most reliable supporters of the Hitler regime.
Nazism has won them over completely by eliminating unemployment and by
reducing the entrepreneurs to the status of shop managers (Betriebsfuhrer).
Big business, shopkeepers, and peasants are disappointed. Labor is well
satisfied and will stand by Hitler, unless the war takes a turn which would
destroy their hope for a better life after the peace treaty. Only military
reverses can deprive Hitler of the backing of the German workers.
The fact that the capitalists and entrepreneurs, faced with the alternative
of Communism or Nazism, chose the latter, does not require any further
explanation. They preferred to live as shop managers under Hitler than to
be liquidated as bourgeois by Stalin. Capitalists dont like to be
killed any more than other people do.
What pernicious effects may be produced by believing that the German
workers are opposed to Hitler was proved by the English tactics during the
first year of the war. The government of Neville
firmly believed that the war would be brought to an end by a revolution of
the German workers. Instead of concentrating on vigorous arming and
fighting, they had their planes drop leaflets over Germany telling the
German workers that England was not fighting this war against them, but
against their oppressor, Hitler. The English government knew very well,
they said, that the German people, particularly labor, were against war and
were only forced into it by their self-imposed dictator.
 The workers in the Anglo-Saxon countries, too, knew that the socialist
parties competing for their favor usually accused each other of favoring
capitalism. Communists of all shades advance this accusation against
socialists. And within the Communist groups the Trotskyites used this same
argument against Stalin and his men. And vice versa. The fact that the
progressives bring the same accusation against Nazism and Fascism will
not prevent labor some day from following another gang wearing shirts of a
different color.
What is wrong with Western civilization is the accepted habit of judging
political parties merely by asking whether they seem new and radical
enough, not by analyzing whether they are wise or unwise, or whether they
are apt to achieve their aims. Not everything that exists today is
reasonable; but this does not mean that everything that does not exist is
The usual terminology of political language is stupid. What is left and
what is right? Why should Hitler be right and Stalin, his temporary
friend, be left? Who is reactionary and who is progressive? Reaction
against an unwise policy is not to be condemned. And progress towards chaos
is not to be commended. Nothing should find acceptance just because it is
new, radical, and fashionable. Orthodoxy is not an evil if the doctrine
on which the orthodox stand is sound. Who is anti-labor, those who want
to lower labor to the Russian level, or those who want for labor the
capitalistic standard of the United States? Who is nationalist, those who
want to bring their nation under the heel of the Nazis, or those who want
to preserve its independence?
What would have happened to Western civilization if its peoples had always
shown such liking for the new? Suppose they had welcomed as the wave of
the future Attila and his Huns, the creed of Mohammed, or the Tartars?
They, too, were totalitarian and had military successes to their credit
which made the weak hesitate and ready to capitulate. What mankind needs
today is liberation from the rule of nonsensical slogans and a return to
sound reasoning.
Ludwig von Mises (18811973) was
dean of the Austrian School.
In response to many requests, it is now possible to set your credit-card
contribution to the Mises Institute to be recurring. You can easily set
this up on-line with a donation starting at $10 per month. See the
Membership Page. This is one way to
ensure that your support for the Mises Institute is ongoing.
[Print Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute
Mises.org Store
Home | About |
Email List |
Search |
Contact Us |
Periodicals |
Articles |
Games & Fun
FAQ |
EBooks |
Resources |
Catalog |
Contributions |
Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rahettinga at earthlink.net
account. Unsubscribe
or send email to this
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-07-26 08:57:34
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: Ten Recurring Economic Fallacies, 1774-2004 
Ten Recurring Economic Fallacies, 17742004
By H.A. Scott Trask
[Posted July 26, 2004]
As an American historian who knows something of economic law, having
learned from the Austrians, I became intrigued with how the United States
had remained prosperous, its economy still so dynamic and productive, given
the serious and recurring economic fallacies to which our top leaders
(political, corporate, academic) have subscribed and from which they cannot
seem to free themselvesand alas, keep passing down to the younger
Lets consider ten.
Myth  The Broken Window
One of the most persistent is that of the broken windowone breaks and this
is celebrated as a boon to the economy: the window manufacturer gets an
order; the hardware store sells a window; a carpenter is hired to install
it; money circulates; jobs are created; the GDP goes up. In truth, of
course, the economy is no better off at all.
True, there is a sudden burst of activity, and some persons have surely
gained, but only at the expense of the proprietor whose window was broken,
or his insurance company; and if the latter, the other policyholders who
will pay higher premiums to pay for paid-out claims, especially if many
have been broken.
The fallacy lies in a failure to grasp what has been foregone by repair and
reconstructionthe labor and capital expended, having been lost to new
production. This fallacy, seemingly so simple to explain and grasp,
although requiring an intellectual effort of some mental abstraction to
comprehend, seems to be ineradicable.
After the horrific destruction of the Twin Towers in September 2001, the
media quoted academic and corporate economists assuring us that the
governments response to the attacks would help bring an end to the
recession. What was never mentioned was that resources devoted to repair,
security, and war-fighting are resources that cannot be devoted to creating
consumer goods, building new infrastructure, or enhancing our civilization.
We are worse off because of 9-11.
Myth  The Beneficence of War
A second fallacy is the idea of war as an engine of prosperity. Students
are taught that World War II ended the Depression; many Americans seem to
believe that tax revenues spent on defense contractors (creating jobs) are
no loss to the productive economy; and our political leaders continue to
believe that expanded government spending is an effective way of bringing
an end to a recession and reviving the economy.
The truth is that war, and the preparation for it, is economically wasteful
and destructive. Apart from the spoils gained by winning (if it is won) war
and defense spending squander labor, resources, and wealth, leaving the
country poorer in the end than if these things had been devoted to peaceful
During war, the productive powers of a country are diverted to producing
weapons and ammunition, transporting armaments and supplies, and supporting
the armies in the field.
William Graham Sumner described how the Civil War, which he lived through,
had squandered capital and labor: "The mills, forges, and factories were
active in working for the government, while the men who ate the grain and
wore the clothing were active in destroying, and not in creating capital.
This, to be sure, was war. It is what war means, but it cannot bring
prosperity." Nothing is more basic; yet it continues to elude the grasp of our teachers,
writers, professors, and politicians. The forty year Cold War drained this
country of much of its wealth, squandered capital, and wasted the labor of
millions, whose lifetime work, whether as a soldier, sailor, or defense
worker, was devoted to policing the empire, fighting its brush wars, and
making weapons, instead of building up our civilization with things of
utility, comfort, and beauty.
Some might respond that the Cold War was a necessity, but thats not the
questionalthough we now know that the CIA, in yet another massive
intelligence failure, grossly overestimated Soviet military capabilities as
well as the size of the Soviet economy, estimating it was twice as large
and productive as it really was. The point is the wastefulness of war, and
the preparation for it; and I see no evidence whatever that the American
people or their leaders understand that, or even care to think about it. An
awareness and comprehension of these economic realities might lead to more
searching scrutiny of the aims and methods that the Bush administration has
chosen for the War on Terror.
Only a few days after 9-11, Rumsfeld declared that the war shall last as
long as the Cold War (forty plus years), or longera claim the
administration has repeated every few months since thenwithout eliciting
the slightest notice or questioning from the media, the public, or the
opposing party. Would that be the case, if people understand how much a
second Cold War, this time with radical Islam, will cost us in lives,
treasure, and foregone comfort and leisure?
Myth  The Best Way to Finance a War is by Borrowing
Beginning with the War of Independence and continuing through the War on
Terror, Americans have chosen to pay for their wars by borrowing money and
inflating the currency. Adam Smith believed that the war should be financed
by a levy on capital. This way the people of the country understand how
much the war is costing them, and then can better judge whether it is
really necessary. While he conceded that borrowing might be necessary in
the early part of a war, before the revenue from war taxes began to flow
into the treasury, he insisted that borrowing be kept to a minimum as a
temporary expedient only.
Borrowing increases the costs of war in the form of interest. Inflating the
currency, which often accompanies massive borrowing, as it did during the
War of Independence, the War Between the States, and the War in Vietnam
(just to name three), is the worst method of war finance, for it drives up
prices, increases costs, enlarges debt, spawns malinvestments and
speculation, and worsens the redistributive effects of war spending.
In 1861, the Lincoln administration decided that the people of the north
would not stand for much taxation, and that it would increase the already
considerable opposition to the southern war. According to Sumner, the
financial question of the day was "whether we should carry on the war on
specie currency, low prices, and small imports, or on paper issues, high
prices, and heavy imports?"  The latter course was chosen, and the
consequences were a national debt that soared from $65 million in 1860 to
$27 thousand million ($2.7 billion) in 1865, and a massive redistribution
of wealth to federal bondholders.
In 1865, the financial question recurred. It was: "Shall we withdraw the
paper, recover our specie [gold and silver coin], reduce prices, lessen
imports, reduce debt, and live economically until we have made up the waste
and loss of war, or shall we keep the paper as money, export all our specie
which had hitherto been held in anticipation of resumption, buy foreign
goods with it, and go on as if nothing had happened?"  The easy route was taken again (specie payments were not resumed until
1879, fourteen years later, and almost twenty years after the 1861
suspension) and the consequences were an inflation-driven stock market and
railroad boom that culminated in the panic of 1873, the failure of the
House of Cook, and the Great Railway Strike of 1877, the first outbreak of
large-scale industrial violence in American history.
Myth  Deficit Spending Benefits the Economy and Government Debt  Three years ago, when then treasury secretary Paul ONeill objected to the
Bush administrations policy of guns, butter, and tax cuts he was told by
the vice president, Dick Cheney, that, "deficits dont matter." Of course, they dont matterto him, but they matter to the country. John
Maynard Keynes's prescription for curing a recession included tax cuts and
increased government spending. "We are all Keynesians now" should be the
new motto inscribed on the front of the Treasury building in Washington.
However, Keynes taught that once the recession was over government spending
should be reduced, taxes increased, and the deficit eliminated. Current
American policy is to continue deficit spending after the recession is
over, and to borrow in peace as well as war. One longstanding criticism of
such policies is that government borrowing "crowds out" private investment,
thus raising interest rates.
In an era when credit creation is so easy, and interest rates remain low
despite massive deficits reaching $500 billion per annum, economists no
longer take this objection seriously. Another criticism is that an
accumulating debt saddles future generations with a heavy burden, which is
both unfair and detrimental to future growth. Once again, economists and
politicians regard this objection as groundless. They reason that future
generations derive benefits from deficit expendituresgreater security,
more infrastructure, improved health and welfareand that since the
principal need never be paid, it is not much of a burden anyway.
They are wrong. By avoiding having to increase taxes, borrowing hides the
price to be paid for increased government spending (the destructive
diversion of capital and labor from private pursuits to government
projects), and defuses potential public opposition to new or expanded
government initiatives, here and abroad. It is thus both unrepublican and
Second, depending on how long the redemption of the principal is deferred,
accumulating interest payments can double, triple, quadruple, . . . the
cost of the initial expenditure (This country has never yet discharged its
Civil War debt!) Third, interest payments represent a perpetual income
transfer from the working public to the bondholdersa kind of regressive
tax that makes the rich, richer and the poor, poorer. Finally, the debt
introduces new and wholly artificial forms of uncertainty into financial
markets, with everyone left to guess whether the debt will be paid through
taxes, inflation, or default.
Myth # 5: Government Policies to Promote Exports are a Good Idea
The fallacy that government is a better judge of the most profitable modes
of directing labor and capital than individuals is well illustrated by
exporting policies. In the twentieth century, the federal government has
sought to promote exports in various ways. The first was by forcing open
foreign markets through a combination of diplomatic and military pressure,
all the while keeping our own markets wholly or partially closed. The
famous "open door" policy, formulated by Secretary of State John Hay in
1899 was never meant to be reciprocal (after all, he served in the McKinley
administration, the most archly protectionist in American history), and it
often required a gun boat and a contingent of hard charging marines to kick
open the door.
A second method was export subsidies, which are still with us. The
Export-Import Bank was established by Roosevelt in 1934 to provide cash
grants, government-guaranteed loans, and cheap credit to exporters and
their overseas customers. It remains todayuntouched by "alleged" free
market Republican administrations and congresses.
A third method was dollar devaluation, to cheapen the selling price of
American goods abroad. In 1933, Roosevelt took the country off the gold
standard and revalued it at $34.06, which represented a significant
devaluation. The object was to allow for more domestic inflation and to
boost exports, particularly agricultural ones, which failed; now Bush is
trying it.
A fourth method, tried by the Reagan administration, was driving down farm
prices to boost exports, thereby shrinking the trade deficit. The plan was
that America would undersell its competitors, capture markets, and rake in
foreign exchange. (When others do this it is denounced as unfair, as
predatory trade.) What happened? Well, it turned out that the agricultural
export market was rather elastic. Countries like Brazil and Argentina,
depending on farm exports as one of their few sources of foreign exchange,
which they desperately needed to service their debt loads, simply cut their
prices to match the Americans. Plan fails.
But it got worse: American farmers had to sell larger quantities (at the
lower prices) just to break even. Nevertheless, although the total volume
of American agricultural exports increased, their real value (in constant
dollars) fellmore work, lower profits. Furthermore, farmers had to import
more oil and other producer goods to expand their production, which
worsened the trade deficit. Then, there were the unforeseen and deleterious
side-effects. Expanded cultivation and livestock-raising stressed out and
degraded the quality of the soils, polluted watersheds, and lowered the
nutritional value of the expanded crop of vegetables, grains, and animal
Finally, the policy of lower price/higher volume drove many small farmers,
here and abroad, off the land, into the cities, and across the border, our
border. Here is an economic policy that not only failed in its purpose but
worsened the very problem it was intended to alleviate, and caused a
nutritional, ecological, and demographic catastrophe.
Myth  Commercial Warfare Works
Sumner pointed out that the Americans declared their political
independence, they had not entirely freed themselves from the fallacies of
mercantilism. Mercantilists believed that government should both regulate
and promote certain kinds of economic activity, the economy being neither
self-regulating, nor capable of reaching maximum efficiency if left alone.
Thus, in their struggle for independence, the Americans turned to two
dubious policies: commercial warfare; and inflationary war finance.
I wont rehash the history of the depreciating Continentalwhich led to the
confiscation of property without adequate compensation, defrauded
creditors, impoverished soldiers and sailors, price controls, a larger war
debtbut I will point out what Sumner so amply demonstrated in his
financial history of the Revolutionary War: the commercial war harmed the
Americans far more than the British.
In the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries, commercial war took the form of
boycotts and embargoes. The idea was that by closing our markets to British
goods, or by denying them our exports, agriculture and raw materials, we
could coerce them, peacefully, into changing their policies. This policy
worked only one time, helping to persuade the British to repeal the Stamp
Act of 1765; but each time thereafter it was tried it only antagonized them
and led to some form of retaliation. In 177475, on the eve of war, the
Americans stood in desperate need of supplies to prepare for war, and the
English offered the best goods at the best prices.
By refusing to trade, hoping to coerce the British into abandoning their
own Coercive Acts, the Americans began the war suffering from a supply
shortage, which only grew worse; after a few years of war, they found
themselves under the necessity of trading with the enemy, which was carried
on through the Netherlands and the West Indian islands of Antigua and St.
Eustatius. President Jeffersons embargo of 180709 was a complete fiasco.
Not only did it fail to accomplish its purpose of forcing the British and
French to respect our neutral commerce; it devastated the New England
economy, which was dependent on commerce and ship-building, hurt southern
planters (who could no longer export), reduced federal tariff revenue, and
drove the New England states to the brink of secession.
Myth  The Late Nineteenth Century was an Era of Laissez-Faire Capitalism
Certainly, the late nineteenth century was not an era of laissez-faire,
despite the stubborn and persistent myth to the contrary. True, there were
few government regulations on business, but high tariffs, railroad
subsidies, and the national banking system prove that the government was no
neutral bystander. Sumner more accurately termed it the era of plutocracy,
in which politically organized wealth used the power of the state for
selfish advantage.
He also warned, "Nowhere in the world is the danger of plutocracy as
formidable as it is here."  For these indiscretions, the manufacturing and
bond-holding hierarchy tried to get him kicked out of Yale, where they
thought he was poisoning the minds of their sons with free trade heresies.
Only during two periods since 1776 has the government mostly left the
economy alone: during the early years of the federal republic; and in the
two decades previous to the Civil War. The political economist Condy Raguet
called the first period of economic freedom, from 1783 to 1807, "the golden
age" of the republic: Trade was free, taxes were low, money was sound, and
Americans enjoyed more economic freedom than any other people in the world.
Sumner thought the years from 1846 to 1860the era of the independent
treasury, falling tariffs, and gold moneywas the true "golden age." (Historians consider the presidents during this last periodFillmore,
Pierce, and Buchananas among the worst we have ever had. Yet, from
18481860, the country was at peace, the economy prosperous, taxes low,
money hard, and the national debt was shrinking. This tells us how
historians define political greatness.
Myth  Business Corporations Favor a Policy of Laissez-Faire
Never in the history of our country have corporations, Wall Street
financiers, bond holders, and other large capitalists, as a class or
interest, favored a policy of economic liberty and nonintervention by
government. They have always favored some form of mercantilism. It is
surely significant that the second Republican Party, founded in Michigan in
1854, was funded and led by men who wished to overthrow the libertarian
desideratum of the 1840s and 50s. Of course there have been exceptions.
The merchants and ship-owners of maritime New England put up a good fight
for free trade and sound money in the early years of the republic, and the
New York City bankers in the nineteenth century were conservative Democrats
who supported free trade, low taxes, sound money, and the gold standard.
But these were exceptions. Consider the testimony of William Simon, who was
Secretary of the Treasury under Nixon:
I watched with incredulity as businessmen ran to the government in every
crisis, whining for handouts or protection from the very competition that
has made this system so productive. I saw Texas ranchers, hit by drought,
demanding government-guaranteed loans; giant milk cooperatives lobbying for
higher price supports; major airlines fighting deregulation to preserve
their monopoly status; giant companies like Lockheed seeking federal
assistance to rescue them from sheer inefficiency; bankers, like David
Rockefeller, demanding government bailouts to protect them from their
ill-conceived investments; network executives, like William Paley of CBS,
fighting to preserve regulatory restrictions and to block the emergence of
competitive cable and pay TV.
And always, such gentlemen proclaimed their devotion to free enterprise and
their opposition to arbitrary intervention into our economic life by the
state. Except, of course, for their own case, which was always unique and
which was justified by their immense concern for the public interest.
During the nineteenth century, those who clamored loudest and most
effectively for government intervention in the economy were businessmen; of
course farmers sometimes did so as well. Businessmen sought promotional
policies in the form of protective tariffs, a national bank, and public
funding of "internal improvements," such as turnpikes, bridges, and canals.
By the 1820s, proponents of this program called it "the American System,"
with Senator Henry Clay of Kentucky its most prominent champion. Raguet
more accurately referred to it as the "British System." Clay ran for
president on this platform three times, and lost three times (1824, 1832,
and 1844). His protigi, Abraham Lincoln, learned from this experience, and
so when he ran for president in 1860, hoping to implement the same program,
he rarely mentioned it; instead, he promised to save the western
territories from the blight of slavery and to overthrow the "slave
power"political camouflage that worked brilliantly.
The American System was an egregious form of redistributive
special-interest politics. It enriched Louisiana sugar planters, Kentucky
hemp growers, New York sheep herders, Pennsylvania iron mongers, New
England textile magnates, canal companies, and railroad corporationsall at
the expense of planters, farmers, mechanics, and consumers. The antebellum
protectionist movement reached its apogee with the tariff of 1828, doubling
tax rates on dutiable imports to an average of 44 percent in 1829 and 48
percent the next year.
At the time, Raguet calculated that the average American worked one month a
year just to pay the tariff. To his readers, who paid no direct federal
taxes at all, nor any excise taxes, this figure was shocking. In 1830,
tax-freedom day was the first of February; today it is in June, rendering
our tax burden five times greater.
Another income transfer was affected by the vicious banking system of the
time, under which incorporated bankers, without capital, charged interest
for lending out pieces of paper and deposit credit, which cost them nothing
except the cost of printing. Some libertarians have contended that this was
the era of free banking. It was nothing of the sort. Bankers were protected
under the shield of limited liability and, during financial panics and bank
runs, by special laws authorizing the suspension of specie paymentswhen
they refused their contractual obligation to pay specie for their notes.
And their paper was accepted by the federal and state governments; whether
one was buying land, paying import duties, purchasing a bond, or buying
bank stock, for the government, bank paper was as good as gold. These
plutocratic measures thus effected a redistribution of wealth, long before
the emergence of socialism. Sumner said that the plutocrats of his own
postbellum era (manufacturers, railroad barons, national bankers, and
federal bond holders) were "simply trying to do what the generals, nobles,
and priests have done in the pastget the power of the State into their
hands, so as to bend the rights of others to their own advantage." The
plutocrats of today are still at it, even more successfully, with almost no
Myth  Hamilton Was Great
 Another myth is that the financial genius and economic statesmanship of
Alexander Hamilton saved the credit of the infant United States and
established the sound financial and economic foundation essential for
future growth and prosperity. Ron Chernows hagiographic biography of
Hamilton is now moving up the best seller charts, cluttering the display
tables of Borders and Barnes & Noble, and taking up time on C-Spans
Booknotes; but its greatest contribution will be to perpetuate the Hamilton
myth for another generation.
Sumners concise and devastating biography of that vainglorious puffin jay,
written over a hundred years ago, remains the best. He closely studied
Hamiltons letters and writings, including the big threehis Report on the
Public Credit (1790), Report on a National Bank (1790), and Report on
Manufactures (1791)and came to three conclusions: first, the New Yorker
had never read Smiths Wealth of Nations (1776), the most important
economic treatise written in the Anglo-American world in that period;
second, he was a mercantilist, who would have been quite at home serving in
the ministry of Sir Robert Walpole or Lord North; and third, Hamilton
believed many things that are not truethat federal bonds were a form of
capital; that a national debt was a national blessing; that the existence
of banks increased the capital of the country; that foreign trade drained a
country of its wealth, unless it resulted in a trade surplus; and that
higher taxes were a spur to industry and necessary because Americans were
lazy and enjoyed too much leisure.
The idea here was that if you taxed Americans more, they would have to work
harder to maintain their standard of living, thus increasing the gross
product of the country and providing the government with more revenue to
spend on grand projects and military adventures. Hamilton was once stoned
by a crowd of angry New York mechanics. Is it any wonder why? Myth  Agrarianism or Industrialism: We Must Choose
Historians teach that Americans in the 1790s and 1800s had two economic
choicesHamilton and the Federalists who believed in sound money, banking,
manufacturing, and economic progress, and the Jeffersonians who believed in
inflation, agrarianism, and stasis. This is a gross simplification. Not all
Federalists were Hamiltonian; many despised him. Hamilton dogmatically
believed that the United States should become a manufacturing nation like
England and that it was the duty of the federal government to bring this
about by promotional policies. Jefferson, on the other hand, oscillated
between liberalism and agrarianism. At his best, he was liberal, but for a
long time he dogmatically believed that the United States should remain an
agricultural nation, and that it was the duty of the federal government to
keep it in such a state by delaying the onset of large-scale manufacturing.
Hence, to expand trade, it should fight protectionist powers and hostile
trading blocs, acquire more agricultural land through purchase or war, and,
after obtaining the requisite amendment, fund the construction of internal
improvements to foster the movement of agricultural produce to the seaports.
Thus, Jefferson authored the Louisiana Purchase, the Tripolitan War, the
Embargo; and his chosen successor, James Madison, the War of 1812, all
designed to fulfill this agrarian vision. As president, Madison became
ever-more Hamiltonian, supporting the re-establishment of the Bank of the
United States, the raising of tariffs, conscription, and the appointment of
nationalists to the Supreme Court. He appointed Joseph Story, which is like
Ike appointing Earl Warren, or Bush appointing Souter. Meanwhile, in
retirement, Jefferson advocated manufacturing to achieve national economic
Why not Freedom?
Besides industrialism and agrarianism, there was a third positioncall it
liberalism, or laissez-fairewhich maintained that the government should
promote neither manufacturing nor agriculture, but leave both alone, to
prosper or not, expand or recede, according to the unerring guides of
profitability, utility, individual choice, and economic law. Inspired by
the writings of Adam Smith and David Ricardo, but even more those of the
French radical school of Turgot, Say, and de Tracy, whose mottos laissez
nous faire (leave the people alone) and ne trop gouverneur (do not govern
too much) captured the essence of good government.
Outstanding representatives of this liberal philosophy were the young
Daniel Webster, who made his reputation for oratory with fiery speeches on
behalf of free trade, hard money, and state rights as a New Hampshire
congressman, and the great John Randolph of Virginia, who broke with
Jefferson over the embargo and opposed the War of 1812, losing his seat as
a consequence, and Condy Raguet, the influential political economist, who
was the first American to develop a monetary theory of the business cycle,
which he did in response to the panic of 1819. Laissez-faire was the cause
of those who opposed plutocracy and supported the people. It represented
both the moral high ground and sound economic reasoning.
When he was writing his masterful History of American Currency, Sumner
grappled with the question of how North America had withstood levels of
inflation and indebtedness that would have ruined any European country. His
answer: "The future which we discount so freely honors our drafts on it.
Six months [of] restraint avails to set us right, and our credit creations,
as anticipations of future product of labor, become solidified."  In other words, the country was so productive that the losses engendered by
these excesses were quickly made up. He went on: "We often boast of the
resources of our country, but we did not make the country. What ground is
there for boasting here? The question for us is: What have we made of it? No one can justly
appreciate the natural resources of this country until, by studying the
deleterious effects of bad currency and bad taxation, he has formed some
conception of how much, since the first settlers came here, has been wasted
and lost." The unseen again. Let us begin with geography and resources, to which
Sumner alludes. The lower 48 states are entirely in the temperate zone.
Apart from the desert states of the southwest, all receive ample rainfall.
Most of the land is fertile, and it is abundant. The country teems with
natural resources.
Then there are the people. Until very recently, the United States enjoyed a
low density of population, which meant high wages and low land prices. And
for centuries, the population has been one of the hardest working in the
world, creating an infrastructure to build on. Then there is the culture.
Largely because of the influence of Christianity, the debilitating sin of
envy has no social standing here, unlike the Third World where it is
perhaps the chief impediment to wealth-creation and development.
Also, for the same reason, there is little bribery, which also impedes
growth. Finally, there is the tradition of law, respect for private
property, tradition of profit, and contractual freedom. These
institutionsand not the fallacious ideas, corrupt institutions,   and bad
policies named aboveform the core of American prosperity.
Historian Scott Trask is an adjunct scholar of the Mises Institute.
hstrask at highstream.net. See his
archive. Discuss this article on the blog.
(Note: This speech was delivered before the July meeting of the St. Louis
Discussion Club, 14 July 2004.)
In response to many requests, it is now possible to set your credit-card
contribution to the Mises Institute to be recurring. You can easily set
this up on-line with a donation starting at $10 per month. See the
Membership Page. This is one way to
ensure that your support for the Mises Institute is ongoing.
Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute
Mises.org Store
Home | About |
Email List |
Search |
Contact Us |
Periodicals |
Articles |
Games & Fun
News |
Resources |
Catalog |
Contributions |
Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rahettinga at earthlink.net
account. Unsubscribe
or send email to this
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-07-28 08:55:15
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: The Cultural and Spiritual Legacy of Fiat Inflation 
The Cultural and Spiritual Legacy of Fiat Inflation
by J.G. H|lsmann
[Posted July 28, 2004]
 The notion that inflation is harmful is a staple of economic science. But
most textbooks underrate the extent of the harm, because they define
inflation much too narrowly as a lasting decrease of the purchasing power
of money (PPM), and also because they pay scant attention to the concrete
forms of inflation. To appreciate the disruptive nature of inflation in its
full extent we must keep in mind that it springs from a violation of the
fundamental rules of society.
Inflation is what happens when people increase the money supply by fraud,
imposition, and breach of contract. Invariably it produces three
characteristic consequences: (1) it benefits the perpetrators at the
expense of all other money users; (2) it allows the accumulation of debt
beyond the level debts could reach on the free market; and (3) it reduces
the PPM below the level it would have reached on the free market.
While these three consequences are bad enough, things get much worse once
inflation is encouraged and promoted by the state (fiat inflation). The
governments fiat makes inflation perennial, and as a result we observe the
formation of inflation-specific institutions and habits. Thus fiat
inflation leaves a characteristic cultural and spiritual stain on human
society. In what follows, we will take a closer look at some aspects of
this legacy.
I. Hyper-Centralized Government
Inflation benefits the government that controls it, not only at the expense
of the population at large, but also at the expense of all secondary and
tertiary governments. It is a well-known fact that the European kings,
during the rise of their nation states in the 17th and 18th centuries,
crushed the major vestiges of intermediate power. The democratic nation
states of the 19th and 20th centuries completed the centralization of power
that had been begun under the kings. The economic driving force of this
process was inflation, which at that point was entirely in the hands of the
central state apparatus. More than any other economic reason, it made the
nation state irresistible. And thus it contributed, indirectly at least, to
the popularity of nationalistic ideologies, which in the 20th century
ushered into a frenetic worshipping of the nation state.
Inflation spurs the growth of central governments. It allows these
governments to grow larger than they could become in a free society. And it
allows them to monopolize governmental functions to an extent that would
not occur under a natural production of money. This comes at the expense of
all forms of intermediate government, and of course at the expense of civil
society at large. The inflation-sponsored centralization of power turns the
average citizen more and more into an isolated social atom. All of his
social bonds are controlled by the central state, which also provides most
of the services that formerly were provided by other social entities such
as family and local government. At the same time, the central direction of
the state apparatus is removed from the daily life of its protigis.
II. Fiat Inflation and War
Among the most gruesome consequences of fiat money, and of paper money in
particular, is its ability to extend the length of wars. The destructions
of war have the healthy effect of cooling down initial war frenzies. The
more protracted and destructive a war becomes, therefore, the less is the
population inclined to support it financially through taxes and the
purchase of public bonds. Fiat inflation allows the government to ignore
the fiscal resistance of its citizens and to maintain the war effort on its
present level, or even to increase that level. The government just prints
the notes it needs to buy cannons and boots.
This is exactly what happened in the two world wars of the 20th century, at
least in the case of the European states. The governments of France,
Germany, Italy, Russia, and the United Kingdom covered a large part of
their expenses through inflation. It is of course difficult to evaluate any
precise quantitative impact, but it is not unreasonable to assume that fiat
inflation prolonged both wars by many months or even one or two years. If
we consider that the killings have reached their climax toward the end of
the war, we must assume that many millions of lives could have been saved.
Many people believe that, in war, all means are just. In their eyes, fiat
inflation is legitimate as a means to fend off lethal threats from a
nation. But this argument is rather defective. It is not the case that all
means are just in a war. There is in Catholic theology a theory of just
war, which stresses exactly this point. Fiat inflation would certainly be
illegitimate if less offensive means were available to attain the same end.
And fact is that such means exist and have always been at the disposition
of governments, for example, credit money and additional taxation.
Another typical line of defense of fiat money in wartime is that the
government might know better than the citizens just how close victory is at
hand. The ignorant population grows weary of the war and tends to resist
additional taxation. But the government is perfectly acquainted with the
situation. Without fiat money, its hands would be tied up, with potentially
disastrous consequences. The inflation just gives it the little extra
something needed to win.
It is of course conceivable that the government is better informed than its
citizens. But it is difficult to see why this should be an obstacle in war
finance. The most essential task of political leadership is to rally the
masses behind its cause. Why should it be impossible for a government to
spread its better information, thus convincing the populace of the need for
additional taxes? This brings us to the following consideration.
III. Inflation and Tyranny
War is just the most extreme case in which fiat inflation allows
governments to pursue their goals without genuine support from their
citizens. The printing press allows the government to tap the property of
its people without having obtained their consent, and in fact against their
consent. What kind of government is it that arbitrarily takes the property
of its citizens? Aristotle and many other political philosophers have
called it tyranny. And monetary theorists from Oresme to Mises have pointed
out that fiat inflation, considered as a tool of government finance, is the
characteristic financial technique of tyranny.
IV. Race to the Bottom in Monetary Organization
As Austrian economists have argued in some detail, fiat inflation is an
inherently unstable way of producing money because it turns moral hazard
and irresponsibility into an institution. The result is frequently
recurring economic crises. Past efforts to repair these unwelcome effects,
yet without questioning the principle of fiat inflation per se, have
entailed a peculiar evolution of monetary institutionssome sort of an
institutional "race to the bottom."
Important milestones of this process were fractional-reserve banking,
national central banking, international central banking, and finally paper
money. The devolution of monetary institutions has been on its way for
centuries, and it has still not quite reached the absolute bottom, even
though the process has accelerated very considerably in our age of paper
V. Business Under Fiat Inflation
Fiat inflation has a profound impact on corporate finance. It makes
liabilities (credits) cheaper than they would be on a free market. This
prompts entrepreneurs to finance their ventures to a greater extent than
otherwise through credits, rather than through equity (the capital brought
into the firm by its owners).
In a natural system of money production, banks would grant credit only as
financial intermediaries. That is, they could lend out only those sums of
money that they had either saved themselves or which other people had saved
and then lent to the banks. The bankers would of course be free to grant
credits under any terms (interest, securities, duration) they like; but it
would be suicidal for them to offer better terms than those that their own
creditors had granted them. For example, if a bank receives a credit at 5
percent, it would be suicidal for it to lend this money at 4 percent. It
follows that on a free market, profitable banking is constrained within
fairly narrow limits, which in turn is determined by the savers. It is not
possible for a bank to stay in business and to offer better terms than the
savers who are most ready to part with their money for some time.
But fractional-reserve banks can do precisely that. Since they can produce
additional banknotes at virtually zero cost, they can grant credit at rates
that are lower than the rates that would otherwise have prevailed. And the
beneficiaries will therefore finance some ventures through debts that they
would otherwise have financed with their own money, or which they would not
have started at all. Paper money has very much the same effect, but in a
far greater dimension. A paper-money producer can grant credits to
virtually any extent and at virtually any terms. In the past few years, the
Bank of Japan has offered credits at 0 percent interest, and it right now
proceeds in some cases to actually pay people for taking its credits.
It is obvious that few firms can afford to resist such offers. Competition
is fierce in most industries, and the firms must seek to use the best terms
available, lest they lose that "competitive edge" that can be decisive for
profits and also for mere survival. It follows that fiat inflation makes
business more dependent on banks than they otherwise would be. It creates
greater hierarchy and central decision-making power than would exist on the
free market. The entrepreneur who operates with 10 percent equity and 90
percent debts is not really an entrepreneur anymore. His creditors (usually
bankers) are the true entrepreneurs who make all essential decisions. He is
just a more or less well-paid executivea manager.
Thus fiat inflation reduces the number of true entrepreneursindependent
men who operate with their own money. Such men still exist in astonishing
numbers, but they can only survive because their superior talents match the
inferior financial terms with which they have to cope. They must be more
innovative and/or work harder than their competitors. They know the price
of independence and they are ready to pay it. Usually they are more
attached to the family business and care more for their employees than the
puppets of bankers.
Because credits springing from fiat inflation provide an easy financial
edge, they have the tendency to encourage reckless behavior by the chief
executives. This is especially the case with managers of large corporations
who have easy access to the capital markets. Their recklessness is often
confused with innovativeness.
The economist Josef Schumpeter has famously characterized
fractional-reserve banking as some sort of a mainspring of innovative
economic development, because it provides additional money for
entrepreneurs with great ideas.
It is conceivable that in some cases it played this role, but the odds are
overwhelmingly on the other side. As a general rule, any new product and
any thoroughgoing innovation in business organization is a threat for
banks, because they are already more or less heavily invested in
established companies, which produce the old products and use the old forms
of organization. They have therefore every incentive to either prevent the
innovation by declining to finance it, or to communicate the new ideas to
their partners in the business world.
Thus, factional-reserve banking makes business more conservative than it
otherwise would be. It benefits the established firms at the expense of
innovative newcomers. Innovation is much more likely to come from
independent businessmen, especially if income taxation is low.
VI. The Debt Yoke
Some of the foregoing considerations also apply outside of the business
world. Fiat inflation provides easy credits not only to governments and
firms, but also to private persons. The mere fact that such credits are
offered at all incites some people to go into debt who would otherwise have
chosen not to do so. But easy credits become nearly irresistible in
connection with another typical consequence of inflation, namely, the
constantly rising price level. Whereas in former times the increase of
prices has been barely noticeable, in our day all citizens of the western
world are aware of the phenomenon. In countries such as Turkey or Brazil,
where prices increase at annual rates of 80 to 100 percent, even younger
people have personally experienced it.
Such conditions impose a heavy penalty on cash savings. In the old days,
saving was typically done in the form of hoarding gold and silver coins. It
is true that such hoards did not provide any revenuethe metal was
"barren"and that they therefore did not lend themselves to the lifestyle
of rentiers. But in all other respects money hoards were a reliable and
effective form of saving. Their purchasing power did not just evaporate in
a few decades, and in times of economic growth they even gained some
purchasing power.
Most importantly, they were extremely suitable for ordinary people.
Carpenters, masons, tailors, and farmers are usually not very astute
observers of the international capital markets. Putting some gold coins
under their pillow or into a safe deposit box saved them lots of sleepless
nights, and it made them independent of financial intermediaries.
Now compare this old-time scenario with our present situation. The contrast
could not be starker. It would be completely pointless in our day to hoard
dollar or euro notes to prepare for retirement. A man in his thirties who
plans to retire thirty years from today (2004) must calculate with a
depreciation factor in the order of 3. That is, he needs to save three
dollars today to have the purchasing power of one of these present-day
dollars when he retires. And the estimated depreciation factor of 3 is
rather on the low side!
It follows that the rational saving strategy for him is to go into debt in
order to buy assets the price of which will increase with the inflation.
This is exactly what happens today in most western countries. As soon as
young people have a job and thus a halfway stable source of revenue, they
take a credit to buy a housewhereas their great-grandfather might still
have first accumulated savings for some thirty years and then bought his
house in cash. Needless to say that the latter has always been the
Christian way. In Saint Pauls letter to the Romans (13:8) we read: "Owe
nothing to anyone, except to love one another; for the one who loves
another has fulfilled the law."
Things are not much better for those who have already accumulated some
wealth. It is true that inflation does not force them into debt, but in any
case it deprives them of the possibility of holding their savings in cash.
Old people with a pension fund, widows, and the wardens of orphans must
invest their money into the financial markets, lest its purchasing power
evaporate under their noses. Thus they become dependent on intermediaries
and on the vagaries of stock and bond pricing.
It is clear that this state of affairs is very beneficial for those who
derive their living from the financial markets. Stockbrokers, bond dealers,
banks, mortgage corporations, and other "players" have reason to be
thankful for the constant decline of moneys purchasing power under fiat
inflation. But is this state of affairs also beneficial for the average
citizen? In a certain sense, his debts and increased investment in the
financial markets are beneficial for him, given our present inflationary
When the increase of the price level is perennial, private debt is for him
the best available strategy. But this means of course that without
government interventionism into the monetary system other strategies would
be superior. The presence of central banks and paper money make debt-based
financial strategies more attractive than strategies based on prior savings.
It is not an exaggeration to say that, through their monetary policy,
Western governments have pushed their citizens into a state of financial
dependency unknown to any previous generation. Already in 1931, Pius XI
[. . .] it is obvious that not only is wealth concentrated in our times but
an immense power and despotic economic dictatorship is consolidated in the
hands of a few, who often are not owners but only the trustees and managing
directors of invested funds which they administer according to their own
arbitrary will and pleasure.
This dictatorship is being most forcibly exercised by those who, since they
hold the money and completely control it, control credit also and rule the
lending of money. Hence they regulate the flow, so to speak, of the
life-blood whereby the entire economic system lives, and have so firmly in
their grasp the soul, as it were, of economic life that no one can breathe
against their
One wonders what vocabulary Pius XI would have used to describe our present
situation. The usual justification for this state of affairs is that it
allegedly stimulates industrial development. The money hoards of former
times were not only sterile; they were actually harmful from an economic
point of view, because they deprived business of the means of payments they
needed for investments. The role of inflation is to provide these means.
However, money hoarding does not have any negative macroeconomic
implications. It does definitely not stifle industrial investments.
Hoarding increases the purchasing power of money and thus gives greater
"weight" to the money units that remain in circulation. All goods and
services can be bought, and all feasible investments can be made with these
remaining units. The fundamental fact is that inflation does not bring into
existence any additional resource. It merely changes the allocation of the
existing resources. They no longer go to companies that are run by
entrepreneurs who operate with their own money, but to business executives
who run companies financed with bank credits.
The net effect of the recent surge in household debt is therefore to throw
entire populations into financial dependency. The moral implications are
clear. Towering debts are incompatible with financial self-reliance and
thus they tend to weaken self-reliance also in all other spheres. The
debt-ridden individual eventually adopts the habit of turning to others for
help, rather than maturing into an economic and moral anchor of his family,
and of his wider community. Wishful thinking and submissiveness replace
soberness and independent judgment. And what about the many cases in which
families can no longer shoulder the debt load? Then the result is either
despair or, on the contrary, scorn for all standards of financial sanity.
VII. Some Spiritual Casualties of Fiat Inflation
Fiat inflation constantly reduces the purchasing power of money. To some
extent, it is possible for people to protect their savings against this
trend, but this requires thorough financial knowledge, the time to
constantly supervise ones investments, and a good dose of luck. People who
lack one of these ingredients are likely to lose a substantial part of
their assets. The savings of a lifetime often vanish in thin air during the
last few years spent in retirement. The consequence is despair and the
eradication of moral and social standards. But it would be wrong to infer
that inflation produces this effect mainly among the elderly. As one writer
These effects are "especially strong among the youth. They learn to live in
the present and scorn those who try to teach them old-fashioned morality
and thrift. Inflation thereby encourages a mentality of immediate
gratification that is plainly at variance with the discipline and eternal
perspective required to exercise principles of biblical stewardshipsuch as
long-term investment for the benefit of future
Even those citizens who are blessed with knowledge, time, and luck to
protect the substance of their savings cannot evade inflations harmful
impact, because they have to adopt habits that are at odds with moral and
spiritual health. Inflation forces them to spend much more time thinking
about their money than they otherwise would. We have noticed already that
the old way for ordinary citizens to make savings was the accumulation of
cash. Under fiat inflation this strategy is suicidal. They must invest into
assets the value of which grows during the inflation; the most practical
way to do this is to buy stocks and bonds. But this entails many hours
spent on comparing and selecting appropriate titles. And it compels them to
be ever watchful and concerned about their money for the rest of their
lives. They need to follow the financial news and monitor the price
quotations on the financial markets.
Similarly, people will tend to prolong the phase of their life in which
they strive to earn money. And they will place relatively greater emphasis
on monetary returns than on any other criterion for choosing their
profession. For example, some of those who would rather be inclined to
gardening will nevertheless seek an industrial employment because the
latter offers greater long-run monetary returns. And more people will
accept employment far from home, because it allows them to earn just some
little extra money, than under a natural monetary system.
The spiritual dimension of these inflation-induced habits seems to be
obvious. Money and financial questions come to play an exaggerated role in
the life of man. Inflation makes society materialistic. More and more
people strive for money income at the expense of personal happiness.
Inflation-induced geographical mobility artificially weakens family bonds
and patriotic loyalty. Many of those who tend to be greedy, envious, and
niggardly anyway fall prey to sin. Even those who are not so inclined by
their natures will be exposed to temptations they would not otherwise have
felt. And because the vagaries of the financial markets also provide a
ready excuse for an excessively parsimonious use of ones money, donations
for charitable institutions will decline.
Then there is the fact that perennial inflation tends to deteriorate
product quality. Every seller knows that it is difficult to sell the same
physical product at higher prices than in previous years. But increasing
money prices are unavoidable when the money supply is subject to relentless
growth. So what do sellers do? In many cases the rescue comes through
technological innovation, which allows for a cheaper production of the
product, thus neutralizing or even overcompensating the countervailing
influence of inflation. This is, for example, the case with personal
computers and other equipment built with a large input of information
But in other industries, technological progress plays a much smaller role.
Here the sellers confront the above-mentioned problem. They then fabricate
an inferior product and sell it under the same name, along with the
euphemisms that have become customary in commercial marketing. For example,
they might offer their customers "light" coffee and "non-spicy"
vegetableswhich translates into thin coffee and vegetables that have lost
any trace of flavor. Similar product deterioration can be observed in the
construction business. Countries plagued by perennial inflation seem to
have a greater share of houses and streets that are in constant need of
repair than other countries.
In such an environment, people develop a more than sloppy attitude toward
their language. If everything is what it is called, then it is difficult to
explain the difference between truth and lie. Inflation tempts people to
lie about their products, and perennial inflation encourages the habit of
routine lies. The present writer has argued in other works that routine
lies play a great role in fractional-reserve banking, the basic institution
of the fiat money system. Fiat inflation seems to spread this habit like a
cancer over the rest of the economy.
VIII. Suffocating the Flame
In most countries, the growth of the welfare state has been financed
through the accumulation of public debt on a scale that would have been
unthinkable without fiat inflation. A cursory glance at the historical
record shows that the exponential growth of the welfare state, which in
Europe started in the early 1970s, went in hand with the explosion of
public debt. It is widely known that this development has been a major
factor in the decline of the family. But it is commonly overlooked that the
ultimate cause of this decline is fiat inflation. Perennial inflation
slowly but assuredly destroys the family, thus suffocating the earthly
flame of Christian morals.
The Christian family is the most important "producer" of a certain type of
morals. Family life is possible only if all members endorse norms such as
the legitimacy of authority, the heterosexual union between man and woman,
and the prohibition of incest. And Christian families are based on
additional norms such as the love of the spouses for one another and for
their offspring, the respect of children for their parents, the reality of
the Triune God, the truth of the Christian faith, etc. Parents constantly
repeat, emphasize, and live these norms. This daily experience
"brainwashes" all family members into accepting them as the normal state of
affairs. In the wider social sphere, then, these persons act as advocates
of the same norms in business associations, clubs, and politics.
Friends and foes of the traditional Christian family agree on these facts.
It is among other things because they recognize the familys effectiveness
in establishing social norms that Christians seek to protect it. And it is
precisely for the same reason that advocates of moral license seek to
destroy it. The welfare state has been their preferred tool for the past
thirty years. Today the welfare state provides a great number of services
that in former times were provided by families (and which, we may assume,
would still be provided to a large extent by families if the welfare state
ceased to exist). Education of the young, care for the elderly and the
sick, assistance in times of emergenciesall of these services are today
effectively "outsourced" to the state. The families have been degraded into
small production units that share utility bills, cars, refrigerators, and
of course the tax bill. The tax-financed welfare state then provides them
with education and
The fact is that the welfare state is inefficient; it provides
comparatively lousy services at comparatively high costs. We need not dwell
on the inability of government welfare agencies to provide the emotional
and spiritual assistance that only springs from charity. Compassion cannot
be bought. But the welfare state is also inefficient in purely economic
terms. It operates through large bureaucracies and is therefore liable to
lack incentives and economic criteria that would prevent the wasting of
money. In the words of Pope John Paul II:
By intervening directly and depriving society of its responsibility, the
Social Assistance State leads to a loss of human energies and an inordinate
increase of public agencies, which are dominated more by bureaucratic ways
of thinking than by concern for serving their clients, and which are
accompanied by an enormous increase in spending. In fact, it would appear
that needs are best understood and satisfied by people who are closest to
them and who act as neighbours to those in need. It should be added that
certain kinds of demands often call for a response which is not simply
material but which is capable of perceiving the deeper human
Everyone knows this from first-hand experience, and a great number of
scientific studies drive home the same point. It is precisely because the
welfare state is an inefficient economic arrangement that it must rely on
taxes. If the welfare state had to compete with families on equal terms, it
could not stay in business for any length of time. It has driven the family
and private charities out of the "welfare market" because people are forced
to pay for it anyway. They are forced to pay taxes, and they cannot prevent
the government from floating ever-new loans, which absorb the capital that
otherwise would be used for the production of different goods and services.
The excessive welfare state of our days is an all-out direct attack on the
producers of Christian morals. But it weakens these morals also in indirect
ways, most notably by subsidizing bad moral examples. The fact is that some
alternative "life styles" carry great economic risks and therefore tend to
be more expensive than the traditional family arrangements. The welfare
state socializes the costs of such behavior and therefore gives it far
greater prominence than it would have in a free society.
Rather than carrying an economic penalty, public license might then
actually go hand in hand with economic advantages, because it dispenses the
protagonists from the costs of family life (for example, the costs
associated with raising children). With the backing of the welfare state,
these protagonists may mock conservative morals as some sort of
superstition that has no real-life impact. The spiritual dimension seems to
be clear: The welfare state systematically exposes people to the temptation
of believing that there are no time-tested moral precepts at all.
Let us emphasize that the point of the preceding observations was not to
attack welfare services, which are in fact an essential component of
Christian societies. The point is, rather, that fiat inflation destroys the
democratic control over the provision of these services; that this
invariably leads to excessive growth of the aggregate welfare system and to
excessive forms of welfare; and that this in turn is not without
consequences for the moral and spiritual character of the population.
The foregoing considerations are by no means an exhaustive account of the
cultural and spiritual legacy of fiat inflation. But they should suffice to
substantiate the main point: that fiat inflation is a powerhouse of social,
economic, cultural, and spiritual destruction.
J.G. H|lsmann is senior fellow of the Mises Institute. This is an excerpt
from his book forthcoming from the Acton Institute.
jgh at mises.org. Comment on the
Mises blog.
[1] Pius
XI, Quadragesimo
Anno (1931), '' 105, 106. See also Deuteronomy 28: 12, 4344.
[2] Thomas
Woods, "Money and
Morality: The Christian Moral Tradition and the Best Monetary Regime,"
Religion & Liberty, vol. 13, no. 5 (Sept./Oct. 2003). The author quotes
Ludwig von Mises.
[3] In many
countries it is today possible for families to deduct expenses for private
care and private education from the annual tax bill. But ironically (or
maybe not quite so ironically) this trend has reinforced the erosion of the
family. For example, recent provisions of the U.S. tax code allow family
budgets to increase through such deductionsbut only if the deductible
services are not provided at home, but bought from other people.
[4] John Paul
Annus, ' 48.
In response to many requests, it is now possible to set your credit-card
contribution to the Mises Institute to be recurring. You can easily set
this up on-line with a donation starting at $10 per month. See the
Membership Page. This is one way to
ensure that your support for the Mises Institute is ongoing.
Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute
Mises.org Store
Home | About |
Email List |
Search |
Contact Us |
Periodicals |
Articles |
Games & Fun
News |
Resources |
Catalog |
Contributions |
Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rahettinga at earthlink.net
account. Unsubscribe
or send email to this
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-10-25 09:45:20
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: How Empires Really End 
How Empires Really End
by Sean Corrigan
[Posted October 25, 2004]
 Here is what the standard historical textbooks will tell you. The Romans,
after nearly four centuries of occupation, abandoned Britain in the year
410 a.d., when the western Emperor Honorius sent a "Rescript"or official
proclamationto the leaders of the British municipalities, telling them,
thereafter, to look to their own defense.
Those same bookswith their urge to chop history up into neatly packaged
sliversthen roundly declare that Civilization was abolished and that the
"Dark Ages" promptly began.
They will inform you that, within the space of barely two generations, the
feeble British had abandoned the fertile lowland fields and farms, which
their ancestors had tended since the last Ice Age, giving them up to a few
boatloads of Germanic pirates and that they began to flee, finding a bleak
refuge in the harsher highlands on the oceanic fringes of their island.
And why would this not be trueno less than Rome herself was sacked by
Alaric and his Goths that same year, was it not?
As for Honorius, well, he was sheltering safely in Ravenna while his people
were enduring the barbarian siege. The story goes that when he heard the
news of its ruin, he thought it was a lesser evil than would be the death
of his pet cockerel of the same name!
But rather than using the words of a fool in purple, historians consider
the cataclysm was better encapsulated by the pen of St. Jerome, who gave
out a whole series of lamentations, wailing, in one letter, that:
"...the bright light of all the world was put out, or, rather, when the
Roman Empire was decapitated, and, to speak more correctly, the whole world
perished in one city."
Here and now, sixteen centuries later, in my line of work as an investment
analyst, you come across more and more latter-day St. Jeromes, wherever you
I know of people who are selling up and moving to seek Shangri-La in the
Southern Alps of New Zealand. Ive met those who think Paradise is to be
found among the palm trees of the Dominican Republic or Costa Rica.
A smart and very highly-educated American with whom Im friendly speaks for
many when he ends an e-mail with the words: "Im looking forward to seeing
you in Zurich. The way things are here, I might even stay."
In fact, its becoming increasingly common for well-to-do professional
folks and retired businessmen to reveal, in the course of a conversation,
that they are prey to increasing anxieties about their future.
These people evidently fear that their quality of life can no longer be
guaranteed and they often dont know what they can do about it.
Meanwhile, out in the wider world, the Gold Bugs and the more extreme
religious crazies (of all faiths) have seemingly set up a joint venture.
These two incongruous lobby groups have joined hands in trying to persuade
people that the End of Daysfinancial or universalis at hand.
What they seem to have agreed upon is that when God/Jehovah/Allah/Shiva is
shortly revealed in all His mighty wrath and when He causes credit to
collapse and the stock market to plunge, He will expect the Faithful not to
be caught up in the rout.
Oh, no! For the mark of the True Believer is that, when the Crash comes, he
should be ready to take the Lord straight to where he has his gold coins
buried instead!
As that mellifluous voice of carefully-crafted pessimism, Bill Bonner, put
it, in a recent piece:
"We like gold the way we like stacks of firewood, jars of canned green
beans and cheerful women. They make the going so much more fun when the
going gets rough. As we mention above, the going has never been easier. So
easy have things become that people no longer see the need for reserves. .
. . But someday, the going may not be so good. We hold it in inventory for
the day when just in time fails and just in case comes back into style
. . ."
This sounds eminently more reasonable, but, in truth, it is simply more of
the same doom-mongeringjust more soothingly and articulately expressed by
a master of the art.
For my part, Ill admit that our rulers chickens finally may be coming
home to roost, and that ours will be the generation up to our necks in
However, Im among those who also find this vogue for paranoiathis cult of
the Apocalypseboth unattractive and unfruitful.
The lesson of history
This is where the story of Rome and the manner of its tellingis
particularly instructive. This is because, as frequently happens in life,
if we look beyond the banner headlines of despair, we can find cause for
We can also draw several parallels with what is happening to us
todaythough not on the way our present crop of St. Jeromes would do it.
Lets take a glimpse at how Rome and her history can give us a
reaffirmation of our unshaken belief in the ability of Everyman, acting as
a free individual, to repair all the damage ever done by historys tyrants
and their tax gatherers.
The first thing to be pointed out is that, however dramatic the official
version of those past events, what historiansand, more emphatically,
archaeologistsare coming to realize is that, changes in political
leadership aside, nothing very much at all can otherwise be found to
distinguish the days before 410 a.d. with those afterwards.
Rome may have swapped leaders. Violence may have been done and property
destroyed on a considerable scale. Individual tragedy was, we suspect, both
undeniable and heart-rending, as it always is in such times.
Yet, the vast majority of men and women still lived their lives, tended
their livestock, took their goods to market, and worshipped their gods, as
they had always doneRome, or no Rome.
The thrifty and the enterprising still, on the whole, fared better than the
prodigal and the unthinking. In fact, freed of the crushing exactions laid
upon them by a Rome always eager to bribe its vast, unproductive military
class into quietude, they may even have been left to enjoy more of the
fruits of their own labors than usual.
But, the academic historians have always sought to ignore things like this,
for these are concerns of common peopleof traders and farmersand
historians focus mainly on the swaggering fools at the head of the Stateon
generals and governors.
Even if we momentarily share their obsession and even if we stick to the
old texts, unbacked by any harder evidence, the accepted view does not bear
much scrutiny.
Take the case of those feeble Britons, for instance.
Here, it should be noted that Honorius letter was not a denial of some
grovelling plea for aid, but a recognition of their de facto and
self-attained independence.
In early 5th-century Britain, memories still burned with the flames of the
pogrom unleashed by Emperor Constantius IIs emissary, Paulus Catena, sixty
years before, after the native leaders had backed the wrong contender in a
struggle for his masters throne.
Many of the current leaders fathers had probably collaborated in fomenting
what the texts call the "Barbarian Conspiracy," in 367 a.d.traditionally
viewed as yet another mark of Britains weakness, but now being revised
into what may actually have been another concerted attempt to shed the
Imperial yoke.
In fact, far from being wretched, the Britons invaded the continent several
times themselves after this supposed disaster; notably, under Maximus in
383 a.d., and, again, under Constantine III in 409 a.d. They even deposed
two previous, more circumspect leaders in swift succession in order to give
Constantine his shot at the title!
Thus, just a year before Honorius wrote his famous missive, one faction of
the Island Celts had already come close to deposing him, while another
spurned his rule completely.
As Zosimus wrote of the period:
". . . [events saw] some of the Celtic peoples defecting from the Roman
rule and living their own lives, independent from the Roman laws. The
Britons therefore took up arms and, braving the danger on their own behalf,
freed their cities from the barbarian threat. And all Armorica and the
other Gallic provinces followed their example, freed themselves in the same
way, expelling the Roman officials and setting up a constitution such as
they pleased . . ."
If this was the case, if some Celtic Washingtons and Jeffersons had,
indeed, won and formalized their peoples freedom, what of the notorious
Groans of the Britons letter, addressed to Generalissimo Aetius a
generation later? Surely this must prove that British sheep were still
being shorn by Saxon wolves?
Well, perhaps not, for it can better be read as the futile obsecration of
one pro-Roman (and Augustinian?) faction, losing out to their retro-Celtic
(Pelagian?) foes.
Note that, in it, the plaintiffs were bleating that the barbarians push us
to the sea; the sea pushes us back to the barbarians: between these two
kinds of death, we are either slaughtered or drowned.
Anglo-historians swell with pride here, assuming that their virile Saxon
forebears are pushing the effete Welsh off the cliffs of Cornwall, but a
far more realistic construction is that supreme commander Vortigerns men
are riding the imperial faction into the surf in Kent!
Moreover, as late as 470 a.d.when the Saxons had supposedly started their
"ethnic cleansing"it was a contingent of 12,000 Britons under King
Riothamus (tentatively identified by some as Vortigerns disobedient
warrior son, Vortimer) which is said to have sailed up the Loire in the
unsuccessful effort to succor the Emperor Anthemius against his Gothic foes.
So, contrary to popular belief, military aid and military adventurism did
not always flow West from Rome, but often it was directed the other way
The victors write the history
But, no matter.
Objective truth counted for little when generations of Englishmen had been
schooled in the ways of Rome and were taught to treat its authors
propagandistic Latin as plain fact.
Who understood that these same worthies and their teachers were all too
eager to trace their contemporary naval and commercial pre-eminence back to
the alleged superiority of their race?
Who realized that history must bend if Victorian overlords were eager to
see in their own Empire a reflection of more ancient glories?
Thus was conjured up the myth of the Anglo-Saxon supremacy and its
counterpoise, the rapid descent of the degenerate post-Roman Britons back
to the mud huts and pig sties from which their Italian masters had briefly
roused them.
As evidence for this, the historians cited the collapse of urban society.
They noted the dwindling of the cash economy as the barely-civilized
savages retreated to rural isolation and relied, once more, upon barter for
the exchange of their few, poor goods.
Deprived of their Tacituses and Cassius Dios, they scorned the natives
lack of learning and mocked the dearth of literacy, which had replaced the
renowned intellectual salons of the auxiliary castra.
The fact that the Celtic Church, sponsored by the sovereign Celtic princes,
was the re-educator of continental Europe and that its footsore saints were
the proselytizers of both Faith and Science throughout these times, was
neatly overlooked.
Even on the economic front, the distortions are plain.
New archaeological evidence and recent reinterpretations of old data
suggest the towns had been undergoing a continual period of slow decay for
many years prior to 410 a.d. and that the cause was not to be found in
barbarian depredations, but in Romes own dysfunctional society.
For far too long, Rome had lived by conquestthrough seizing, by force of
arms, what its spendthrift patricians and Caesarian mafiosi could not hope
to gain by trade alone.
But once the Empire came to butt up against lands too infertile to be worth
the taking, or against terrain too inhospitable for its Legions to control
in the face of active native "insurgents," this predatory State turned
increasingly inward to devour its own wealth producers instead.
Punitive taxes were needed, above all, to pay the vast numbers of soldiers.
In some strikingly modern ways, it was mainly the military contractors and
the tradesmen (and trollops) in the towns (vici) which sprang up alongside
the legionary camps who did well out of equipping and servicing (in all
sorts of ways) their oppressors.
Naturally, in response to these tolls, rich men sought to keep their wealth
to themselves, as far as was possible.
Rather than squandering moneysome of it borrowed at hefty rates of
interestto build public edifices, such as baths and temples, solely for
reasons of prestige, the urban elite began actively to avoid such
Indeed, the former privilege of Roman citizenship and the pride of holding
the offices which accrued to it became such a burden that the wealthy
retired to the Dominican Republics of their day, their country villas.
There, they could minimize the loss of their property to overt taxation and
there they could avoid the constant, unsubtle pressure for those
contributions aimed at displaying their loyalty to the regime.
So, unrepaired and unfrequented, town centers began to look dilapidated,
long before any unwelcome barbarian tongues were heard in their near empty
Fex urbis, lex orbis
Added to all this was the presence of that perennial, wasting affliction,
that debilitating disease so often visited by reckless rulers on their
long-suffering subjectsmonetary inflation.
Long before Alarics Goths had plundered the so-called Eternal City, its
money had become so debased that Imperial tribute and taxes were having to
be levied in kind, not in cash.
This greatly decreased the efficiency of the process. It also hurt the
leadership indirectly, because it made tax collection more personal and
more violently confrontational.
Gradually, then, the whole empire had become little more than an arena in
which competing warlords would raise forces to bid for the throne.
Increasingly, its farmers and merchants were seen as nothing more than tax
slaves to be exploited in order to provide the Dole to the restless urban
proletariat and to buy the fickle loyalties of the ever-important soldiers.
Over time, the difference between the "barbarians" and the Romans was
becoming blurred, too.
For one, the legions military pre-eminence became eroded as the hardy
peasants of Italy in its ranks gave way to the unwilling sons of the
conquered who were conscripted in their place.
Additionally, many sons of the unconquered would volunteer to join
themattracted by the pay and conditions and by the very modern enticement
of the chance to learn a trade.
There was also the prospect of becoming a man of mark back home when the
volunteers term was up. This was an advancement aided substantially by the
often sizeable retirement bonus with which nervous emperors made further
attempts to keep the military caste onside.
That bonus, could, of course, be most readily employed as capital in a
business which relied on the veterans ability to use his inside contacts.
He could call in a few favors, grease a few palms and so win a lucrative
tender to supply his old army mess mates with their victuals, their gear,
or their trinkets.
Once more, the parallels with todays "revolving doors" are obvious, Mr.
But, it wasnt just the soldiers: "foreign" tradesmen and artisans, too,
had learned what there was to learn from Rome and they applied it both in
their home markets and inside the imperial lines.
While this meant tribal leaders far beyond the empires boundaries were
able to show off their collections of Roman jewellery and plate and to
quaff the best Roman wines when feasting with their henchmenjust as their
unsavory equivalents today all drive Mercedes and sport Rolex watchesit
was they who often had the better of the terms of trade.
This must have discomfited the Romans then no less than China's new
manufacturing competitiveness or Indias growing software programming
skills frighten British and American union bosses today.
Rome, then, was not only undermined from within, but it became much less
singular in its abilities, as knowledge of its technologies and innovations
diffused across its borders.
The lessons we should draw from all this is that though things were, in
some senses, gradually getting worse as the Fifth Century began, many of
the evils were not the result of sudden irruptions of savages from the
outer fringes of the world, but were due primarily to a slow corrosion from
Inflation, arbitrary government, swingeing taxation, the confiscation of
propertyoften undertaken on the flimsy pretext of punishing dissent, or
after the accidental infringement of some obscure regulation: these we
would all recognize as things which plague us today.
The development of an increasingly remote, self-serving and fabulously
wealthy governing elite; the destruction of the bedrock middle class; the
reliance of the poor on State grants and subsidies; the inhibition of free
enterprise and the pervasive militarization of societythese are all things
we also know all too well.
Our Rome, too, may be ending in exactly this fashion and in this, the
End-of the-World crowd may be right about a coming reckoning.
But, just like Ancient Rome was lost long before the Goths invaded her
precincts, it will not be our empires external foes who bring it down, but
the self-inflicted wounds from which it has been suffering for decades.
Should we care?
At the margin, perhaps, we should, for we may have to work that bit harder
to make our way against people outside the empire who will now be able to
compete on a more level playing field than before.
But what we should also remember is that Romes passing was not universally
mournedcertainly not by those at risk of its institutionalized terror.
As the noted British archaeologist, Sir Mortimer Wheeler summed it up,
after a lifetime of work in the field:
"I suffered from a surfeit of things Roman. I felt disgusted by the
mechanistic quality of their art and by the nearness of their civilization
at all times to cruelty and corruption."
We should recall also the passages above which showed that the Briton and
some of their Gaulish cousins thrived under their new found freedoms and
their recovered self-determination.
We should listen to the testimony of the present generation of
less-hidebound archaeologists and historians who are beginning to see
matters in a different light to that by which their professors worked.
Men such as Francis Pryor, who goes to great lengths to point out that
history (and prehistory, too, in his case) provides much more evidence of
continuity, overlaid with gradual change, than it does of revolutions or
mass invasions.
In fact, based on a careful study of settlement patterns, artifact finds
and burial practices, Pryor even doubts whether the "Anglo-Saxons"
themselves might not be largely or wholly a post-dated fiction, constructed
to give one set of relatively successful British kinglets a suitably
glorious lineage, the better to distinguish themselves more clearly from
their losing opponents among the other, no-less British kinglets!
At present, that seems too far a stretch for me, but his point is
nonetheless well made.
To return to the main issue, will the fall of our Rome mean a fundamental
change in the way our lives will be lived?
I would contend not and to support this contention, I would ask you to
consider the historical record again.
Life goes on
Over four centuries of occupationand countless more of commercial
trafficBritons adopted certain Roman mannerisms, were influenced by Roman
religious cults, and sought to purchase Roman consumer goods, just as
people in Tehran today wear Levi Jeans and Nike trainers while listening to
REM or Eminem on their iPods.
But, at heart they remained Britons and, beyond even that broad
classification, they were individual acting humans, each driven to provide
for himself and his family through working to satisfy their needs.
In their labors, these Britons were aided by the use of what capital they
had and they appreciated the benefits which came from specializing in a
In this, they did best when their property was most secure from either
legal or criminal jeopardy.
Then, just as now, they would look for opportunities to exchange the
surplus to which their trade gave rise. They would swap it for others
surplus goods at the best mutually agreed rate they felt they could achieve.
In short, their liveslike ourswere dominated, not so much by their
rulers, as by plain old economic necessity: by matters such as scarcity,
choice, capital, income, profit, and enterprise.
Do you suppose that all of this was called into question because a Pope
died, or an Emperor was usurped?
Do you suppose people thought that the local warrior princeeven if he
spoke German, or Welsh, not Latinwas any less, or any more, of an
inevitable ill with which to put up than were the procurators and legates
of a distant sovereign?
Do you think it will matter now if a President is thrown out, or if a Prime
Minister resigns?
Now, as then, Men will adapt to their new circumstancesas they always do,
if their government allows them the necessary freedom.
Yes, there may be economic upsets and, yes, certain long-standing trading
networks might become defunct. Conversely, new business ventures will
suggest themselves as being potentially profitable and ships will still ply
the deep oceans, with holds stuffed full of goods to exchange.
No doubt, different loyalties will be expressed as the balance of political
risks changes.
Threats to life and property will take newer forms, though not necessarily
less bearable ones.
Crucially, the blessings of thrift and hard work and the fruits of
enterprise will still be enjoyedespecially where the States footprint
lies a little less heavily on the soil.
In summary, life will go on today, as it did even when the mightiest Empire
history had known was sinking into legend.
Life will go on, in the 21st Century as it did in the 5thdifferent, yet
the same.
If we cut through the religious intolerance and ascetic distaste evident in
the words of the sour old monk we met earlier, Saint Jerome himself, from
his hermits cell in Bethlehem, had already recognized this, well before
the embers had ceased to smoulder in his erstwhile City of Light:
"The world sinks into ruin . . . he wrote, as mournful as ever. The
renowned city, the capital of the Roman Empire, is swallowed up in one
tremendous fire; and there is no part of the earth where Romans are not in
exile. . . ."
But, pay particular attention to what he had to say next:
". . . and yet we have our minds set on the desire of gain. We live as
though we are going to die tomorrow; yet we build as though we are going to
live always in this world"
Well, of course, his contemporaries did just thatand it was no sin that
they did, either, but rather a matter for thanksgiving!
For, why wouldnt we expect people to go about their daily lives in much
the same fashion as they did before; buying and selling, building and
dreaming, speculating and investing?
And why wont we carry on, pretty much regardless, even if our modern
Western Empire loses its pre-eminence in its turn?
No. The one thing of which we can be sure is thatwhatever the details of
the looming changemore will stay the same than will be altered by it.
What you should do about it
Buy gold, then, if you willbut only because you share the view that it is
very much harder to acquire than paper money is to create and that this
means it should tend to maintain its value
better.                                                                                                              But, whatever you do, dont buy it as part of a retreat from life you are
making just because times seem more uncertain than they used to appear.
In trying to preserve your liberty from the zealots in charge of todays
increasingly Roman State, dont surrender it instead to your fears by
becoming either a metaphorical or an actual survivalist.
Dont be tempted to hole up in the mountains with only your water purifier,
your rifle, and your Krugerrands for company for, if the end of the world
does come, no amount of gold is going to comfort you very much.
But if it is only our version of Rome which fallsthis will not invalidate
the lasting truth that your own wealth is best preserved when it helps
another entrepreneur in the process of creating his.
This means you must not hoard what is yours, for its real worth will only
dwindle, if you do, eaten away by inflation, confiscated by the tax farmers.
No, rather, you must keep on trying to invest it wisely by using it to
participate in undertakings which make their owners a living through
serving their post-Imperial, just as their pre-Imperial, customers better
than their competitors can.
All in all, you know the Emperor Honorius may not have been such a fool,
after all.
Maybe his roostera most useful bird, economically speaking did matter
more than the fate of any ruler or regime, for the final lesson we must
draw is that, as long as Men are Men, entrepreneurship will always outlast
So, take note, you historians of decline: our times will be no exception!
Sean Corrigan is the Investment Strategist at Sage Capital Zuerich AG
( a Swiss-based
organization dedicated to the cause of capital
preservation and is co-adviser to the Bermuda-based
Edelweiss Fund. See his Mises.org
Articles Archive,
or send him mail
(corrigan at sagecapital.com). This article
is written for the exclusive use by Mises.org; the usual liberal reprinted
policy does not apply. Comment on this article on the
In response to many requests, it is now possible to set your credit-card
contribution to the Mises Institute to be recurring. You can easily set
this up on-line with a donation starting at $10 per month. See the
Membership Page. This is one way to
ensure that your support for the Mises Institute is ongoing.
[Print Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute
Mises.org Store
Home | About |
Email List |
Search |
Contact Us |
Periodicals |
Articles |
Games & Fun
EBooks |
Resources |
Catalog |
Contributions |
Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rahettinga at earthlink.net
account. Unsubscribe
or send email to this
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-09-20 09:08:21
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: The Meaning of Security 
The Meaning of Security
by Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr.
[Posted September 20, 2004]
 Let's think about the word security, which has been in the news lately
because the Bush administration seeks a major shift in the way funds are
spent in Iraq. It wants $3 billion moved from spending on reconstruction to
spending on "security." There's a political science lesson in that usage.
The reason for the shift, of course, is the obvious unraveling of anything
resembling civilization in Iraq: bombings, killings, mini-wars are
everywhere. Whole regions of Iraq are lost to US control, and not even
Baghdad is holding. Of the $18 billion congress allocated for public works,
the Bush administration argues that it makes sense to divert some to bring
a measure of public stability to the country.
But what are we really talking about when we say "security"? It is money
taken from you and me to be spent to force the Iraqi population to submit
to the puppet government that rules only because of the US. It is money to
pay for more police, weapons, bullets, bombs, spying, arresting, torturing,
jailing, maiming, and killing.
The theory is that more fear and more fear-inspiring bloodshed will tame
the guerrillas and stop them from plotting more bombings, shootings,
killings. The money will buy compliance, and pay the bills of those who use
force to try to bring it about. Many people would be happy for an end to
violence, to be sure, but the primary purpose is the protection of the
state from rebels.  Submission and compliance: that is what is meant by the term security in
the state's lexicon. It is an interesting choice of words. Its use in
public life dates at least to the advent of Social Security, a tax scheme
that promises to put you on welfare in your old age in exchange for paying
14 percent of your income to support current retirees who constitute the
wealthiest demographic slice of the American population. Even in this case,
the term security meant compliance, as shown by the tendency of recipients
to back ever more redistribution.
Now we have the Department of Homeland Security, a gargantuan agency that
administers foreign and domestic spying, sends hither swarms of agents to
harass us at airports, conduct drills in the event that the government
decides that martial law is the only option, and generally suppress any and
all signs of insurrection wherever they might appear. Here too the term
security means submission, control, compliance, obedience, and stability
for the state.
Who is this security trying to secure? We are told it is for our own
benefit. It is government that makes us secure from terrible threats. And
yet, if we look closely, we can see that the main beneficiary of security
is the state itself.
We all understand this intuitively. Let's say you know that someone is
after youan ex-spouse, for exampleand threatens your very life. Would you
call the Department of Homeland Security and expect a response? No, the DHS
is there is protect the state, as evidence by the comparatively energetic
response that a threat to the president's life would elicit.
Of course, there is a need and demand for authentic security. We all seek
it. We lock our doors, deter criminals with alarms, arm ourselves in case
the alarms dont do it, prepare for the worst in the case of natural
disaster, save for the future, and construct our professional lives in ways
that minimize the chance of disadvantageous turns of events. This is what
security means to us in the real world.
It is not unexpected that the state would seek the same thing: security not
for us but for itself and its employees. The state has a special reason to
desire security: its agents are always a minority of the population, funded
by eating out their substance, and its rule is always vulnerable. The more
control it seeks over a population, the more its agents are wise to watch
their backs.
Where does that leave the rest of us in our demand for security? In the
world of ideas, a vigorous debate is taking place about the extent to which
private enterprise is capable of providing security, not only as a
supplement but as a full replacement for state-provided security.
Advocates of fully privatized security point out that in the real world,
most of the security we enjoy is purchased in the private sector. Vast
networks of food distribution protect against starvation, private agents
guard our homes, insurance companies provide compensation in the event of
unexpected misfortune, and the locks and guns and gated communities
provided by private enterprise do the bulk of work for our security in the
real world.
In our community, we spent days preparing for what was expected to be the
terrible hurricane Ivan. It didn't do much damage here, but in all the
preparations, this much is clear: no one counted on the government to do
anything to protect us. And no one counts on the government to do any
reconstruction either. We depend entirely on our own efforts, while
post-disaster clean up would have been done entirely by private contract.
The message of this school of thought is that liberty and security (real
security) are not opposites such that one must choose between them. They go
together. Liberty is the essence of the free enterprise system that
provides for all our material needs, that helps us overcome the
uncertainties and contingencies of life.
As for the public agencies, how do they act in a crisis? They are reduced
to sending out warnings to "stay alert" and otherwise blowing big alarms as
if no one can look outside their windows, listen to the radio, or check the
web. This is pretty much all Homeland Security does with its laughable
system of color-coded alerts. They also order us to leave our homes, search
us, and threaten us with arrest if we protest.
The truth is that government has less ability to protect us in an emergency
than we have to protect ourselves. And despite all the propaganda you hear
about brave public workers, the same was true during 9-11. The bottom line
is that it represented the greatest failure of state security in a
generation. That is the real lesson from that day.
Iraq too demonstrates a lesson concerning public and private security. When
it is politically feasible, the big mucks in Iraq choose to use private
security firms to protect themselves. This was the major undertaking of its
mercenaries when the US civilian government was running matters. How ironic
that even the state chooses private contractors when it can. When it seeks
genuine security, it too buys it on the free market.
Americans have something in common with Iraqis: experience has told us that
when the government promises to bring us security, it means only that it
wants more control over our lives so that the state can enjoy longevity and
peace at our expense. The real choice isn't between liberty and security;
it is between our security and the state's.
Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr., is president of the Mises Institute and editor
of LewRockwell.com.
rockwell at mises.org. Post comments on the
In response to many requests, it is now possible to set your credit-card
contribution to the Mises Institute to be recurring. You can easily set
this up on-line with a donation starting at $10 per month. See the
Membership Page. This is one way to
ensure that your support for the Mises Institute is ongoing.
[Print Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute
Mises.org Store
Home | About |
Email List |
Search |
Contact Us |
Periodicals |
Articles |
Games & Fun
EBooks |
Resources |
Catalog |
Contributions |
Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rah at ibuc.com
account. Unsubscribe
or send email to this
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-09-28 10:24:25
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: Their Crisis, Our Leviathan 
Their Crisis, Our Leviathan
by Gregory Bresiger
[Posted September 28, 2004]
 The circus is coming to your town soon. Maybe, Im getting old, but I just
cant get very excited about the clowns anymore.
Yup, its political season again and those bothersome pols, still lusting
for the votes that put or keep themselves and their pals in office, will be
in our faces until the nonsense is over. Time for the same tired two parties to trot out the same moronic messages
that challenge the credulity of anyone with a healthy three figure IQ. Time for the same politicos, with "solutions" to every problem under the
sun, to promise endless new programs, the expansion of existing failed
programs, yet also swear that tax cuts will also be on the way once theyre
given more control over our lives. Time for the professional political classboth the ruling Republicans and
Democratsto go through the idiocy of a so-called competitive campaign and
the pretense of supposedly differing philosophies.
Time for those hopelessly inane tube "debates." Time for the republics
fortunes to turn on such crucial points as how a candidate looks on the
idiot box, which candidate shaved
or which slick candidate can come up with the best crackpot idea, an idea
that later usually proves to be a figment of his imagination (the
nonexistent missile gap flim flam of the 1960 Kennedy-Nixon presidential
campaign is one
example[2]). Time for a presidential debate commission, stacked with only Republican and
Democrat party hacks, to insist that debates cannot ever include any third
parties anytime because it would be too dangerous for the average American
to hear a different idea or a now radical viewpoint such as less government.
Time for John Kerry to promise to balance the budget, yet not propose one
major cut in a federal program.
Time for George Bush to claim his opposition to big government, yet not
mention how he made tens of millions of dollars in a shady deal that
included government subsidized construction of a new stadium for the Texas
Rangers baseball team, a sleazy transaction in which the powers of eminent
domain were perverted to make Bush, then owner of the team, even
Time again for the polsor least some of the smarter of these shystersto
include a Munich-like promise to "get Washington off our backs." Time for
the weak-minded among the voters to play the role of Neville Chamberlain
("Here it is. Herr Hitler signed it," said Chamberlain of Hitlers signed
promise to leave everyone alone in 1938. That was a promise with all the
credibility of Bill Clintons middle-class tax cut promise or Lying Baines
Johnsons 1964 promise not to send more troops to Vietnam or Ronald
Reagans 1980 campaign promise to close down the departments of Energy and
Education or. . . .). Time for our masters to duck the question that most economically illiterate
journalists arent inclined to ask: Who pays for government writ large and
its endless expansions in peacetime, wartime, and anytime in the middle?
As one listens to the perpetual seekers of office, with their vows of
delivering utopia on earth provided we give them our votes, remember this
in case you become a bit wobbly and suspect that youre ready to swallow
one or more of their monkeyshinesWashingtons world saving doesnt come
cheap. Never has. Never will. Such is the nature of leviathan government. It is classical liberals such
as Professor Robert Higgs (See his wonderful
and the mid-Victorian radical Richard
remind us that democratic governments follow predictable patterns.
They stumble or run into crisis after crisis. Then the government insists
that this justifies it arrogating more power. That, of course, always must
include a bigger bit of your property. The latter is accomplished through
higher state, federal, or municipal taxes or the use of the stealth tax.
The latter is the insidious inflation dodge, a piece of legerdemain that
governments have been using over centuries to take bigger and bigger bites
of your property. Then these democratic nationswhich, by the way, increasingly contain more
and more people who want no part of the political processlater concede the
crisis was nonexistent or overstated. One can cite many examples of
bogeymen never materializing.
The Soviets, despite the plaudits of liberal/socialist economists in the
West and the warnings of internationalist conservatives who said that they
were ten feet tall, had a Potemkin Village economy. They were never going
to overtake the United States in nuclear weapons or GDP. The world was not
about to run out of oil in the 1970s. The Sandinistas never had the power
to march into Texas. What ever happened to the global ice age that was
supposed to be coming? Will it happen before or after global warming?
Saddam Hussein, apparently, didnt have weapons of mass destruction that he
was about to fire at the United States. And if the corrupt House of Saud,
an invention of the British Empire, is about to fall, how, exactly, does
this square with sacrificing the lives of young Americans, whose Western
values are hated by our Saudi allies?
Kerry and Bush are unlikely to address these "Crisis and Leviathan"
scenarios. Thats because they both essentially believe that the United
States government must continue to be a warfare/welfare state with its
fingers in every domestic and foreign pie. Although they may disagree on
some of the tactics of this America as a great interventionist power model,
neither is ready to junk it and return to the traditional foreign policy of
a George
Washington advocated not "isolationism," but trade and good relations with
all nations and no permanent military alliances. These enlightened policies
of Washington, a man so unlike the career politicians who dominate our
nation today, were once the bedrock of American policy and were also the
bible of the radical little Englander movement of Richard Cobden of the
mid-19th century. Now these ideas seem like relics. They are ridiculed as outdated by the
dominant media and their allies in government and the academy. That is,
until the next Vietnam or Iraq or Somalia blows up in our faces.
How far we have come. Washington hated political parties and couldnt wait
to return to private life. He also kept the U.S. clear of major wars that
would have likely wrecked our young republic. Our leaders today seem like a
modern day Palmerston. He was the mid-Victorian British foreign minister
and prime minister ever ready to plunge his nation into endless wars. Our
Palmerstonian foreign policy today seems to generate "endless
The rejection of Washingtons pacific, noninterventionist foreign policy is
the tragedy of our nation. Thats because the mistakes are neither
understood nor are the consequences appreciated. War is more than the
health of the military industry complex. A huge welfare state usually goes
along with an imperial foreign policy. Theodore Roosevelt and his
Progressive allies of the early 20th century advocated both. They reversed
the classical liberal/Jeffersonian foundations of our original
constitution. Even Roosevelts opponent in the presidential election of 1912, Woodrow
Wilson, ended up adopting many of these nationalist ideas. The New
Nationalism of Roosevelt ended up transforming Wilsons New Freedom, which
originally was supposed to be an attempt to restate Jeffersonian ideas.
Despite the enmity between Roosevelt, the man who gloried in war, and
Wilson, the differences between the men, in the end, were reduced to almost
nothing. It was Wilson who gloried in American interventions around the
globe, vowing to make the people of Latin America elect good men and who
promised "to make the world safe for democracy." How different is that from what FDR, Kennedy, and Johnson did and Nixon
did? How different is that from what both Kerry and Bush now promise,
although they might disagree on some of the methods of how to achieve these
common goals? So our bipartisan policy now for over a century has been the
policy of the so-called continual crisis of the leviathan, regardless of
whether Democrats or Republicans ruled. The rationale of this imperial republic justifies the expenditure of
billions of dollars, the constant waging of misguided or tragic wars and
the right to snoop further into the lives of average Americans. Wilson set
up a special intelligence unit to spy on blacks during World War I, a war
in which he tried to ride roughshod over
jailed thousands of loyal Japanese-Americans. Thousands of Americans were
blacklisted during the Cold War. The National Security State, created after
World War II, sanctioned illegal spying conducted by the Central
Intelligence Agency, which was not supposed to conduct domestic spying,
according to its charter. What do Kerry and Bush have to say about this? What will they do to prevent
a repeat of these injustices and tragedies? Their answers come with the
incongruities of their actions. Kerry voted for the war resolution
authorizing war against Iraq. Then he turned around and voted against
funding. Bush, in the presidential election in 2000, said he feared that
U.S. troops were engaged into too much nation building. Over the last four
years, he has sent troops to many countries, not just to battle terrorism,
but to "bring democracy" to various parts of the world that have never
known democracy. Does Bush, never a student of history, realize how much he
is aping Wilson? I doubt it.
Will both Bush or Kerry be allowed to escape history? Will they even be
asked to address the potential dangers of a huge state with almost
unlimited powers, a state that is no less dangerous than any tyranny just
because elections are held from time to time with pre-determined outcomes
(We know either a Democrat or a Republican is going to win every
significant office in this country. It has been set up that way and people
who object are usually ostracized or ridiculed as
But, as these two bands of ruling parties do their best to avoid difficult
issues. The average American asks very little even as he is mulcted every
day of the week. Americans merely want to go about their business without
the prying eyes of bureaucrats who can ruin their lives with one or more
administrative rulings (See Joe Louis, various Indian nations, Abbott and
Costello, Muhammad Ali, etc. . . .). The pattern is predictable. When were
speaking of money and power, the crisis never ends as far as our rulers are
concerned. Thats because they need the leviathan; it serves their
For example, despite the end of the Soviet Union or the end of the Great
Depression and similar crises, never ever does any government go back to
the levels of spending and authority that preceded the mess. The costs of
all this Perils of Pauline polity are incredible. They should cause outrage
because we pay the piper, as will many generations unborn. The costs of
government by world savers, human and economic, are always staggering once
a Gibbon or a Mises or Robert Conquest or a Rothbard has totted up the bill.
Regardless of whether were speaking in terms of debased dollars or, more
importantly, the loss of lives from perpetual Wilsonian military
interventions, the tragic errors have been, and will continue to be, signed
off on by both major parties. Thats the price of power that these folks,
who think of power as the ultimate aphrodisiac, are more than willing to
pay. After all, their children usually go to private schools and are
unlikely to end up on the firing line in some place like Iraq.
Unfortunately, it is the average American who has been and will continue to
be hurt in so many ways. This is thanks to the chicanery of a government he
or she probably doesnt support or votes for with a finger firmly held on
el nariz.   expensive joke, which is anything but a high-speed train, yet charges
premium fares for a railroad that continues to run in the red), to state
so bad that it would have surprised even socialists Bertrand Russell or
John Stuart
the accumulation of power by our central government and the money it spends
are mind boggling.   Shouldnt some hardy soul, with an understanding that the original
constitution was designed to give Americans limited government, ask Jorge
II or the homeless Senator from
for an accounting of all this? And shouldnt one of our rulers at least
issue a perfunctionary promise that there will be limitations on
Washington? Not that many people would actually believe such a promise of
limitations. But we have traveled so far down "The Road to
it is unlikely our would-be Caesars will even be going through the motions
of pretending to be Jeffersonians?
Heres the sorry truth that you will never hear over the next few months
from most of the network nitwits and the other members of the elite Eastern
media, who are a willing part of the charade of the election circus. The
political carnival, which once entertained us when we were children the
same as all clowns can win the favor of delighted little children, is now a
tired, overpriced show. It should have been cancelled decades ago. The circus does nothing but take our money and lots of it. It doesnt even
provide good entertainment. Political conventions decide nothing. The
biggest decision is usually when to unleash the balloons. Even the tv
networks,   notorious for playing to the lowest common denominator, weary
of the Big Top tonterias. Less frequently do they send their human blanks
to gape at the spectacle of pols and their relatives baying for the
cameras. Under our fraudulent two party system, two bands of pirates offer
big or bigger government with no mention of how much this will cost us. We
will pay, among other ways, through the hidden tax called inflation. It is an insidious system. It gives us more by actually giving us less.
That means we seem to have more money, the nominal amount of the money in
our pockets or in the bank is larger. The economy seems to humming along.
Stock prices and earnings seem to grow by huge amounts over the long term.
But it is a
Our judgment has been distorted by the long-term effects of inflation and
the destructive policies of the central
These devalued dollars actually can buy fewer things. And this cycle of
spending and inflating will worsen unless there is a signal change among
tens of millions of Americans who are disgusted, but feel compelled to vote
for one of these two windjammers. They just want to go about their
business, work harder and be left alone. This kind of person is the
He has increasingly been pushed into the background by special interests
and those forever demanding more of the welfare state.
Still, the apolitical forgotten man only wants to be left alone, much to
the joy of the political junkies who really dont care how illegitimate the
system becomes or how few voters go to the polls. Thats provided that
their boy and their party wins. And they get to carve up the biggest slice
of the jobs, power and authority. Unfortunately, much as many of us would
wish it, most of this Black Horse Cavalry will not go away.
We, and our children and their children, will pay through higher federal
income tax rates and state taxes will rise too. Thats regardless of
whether we end up with a "fiscal conservative" or a liberal Democrat in
November. In fact, given the wild-eyed spending of the Republican
administration of the last four years, the socialists of the Bubba
administration actually now look relatively less inimical to liberty than
George IIs crew of neocons. The more bookish of this Bush crowdwhose
predecessors banished the so-called "isolationist" wing of the GOP in
imbibed too much of the bible of the Archangel Woodrow Wilson. Here was the prototype for almost every modern president celebrated by
mainstream historians as "great." Historians love Wilson, as do most modern
presidents. But his legacy, as he left office in 1921, was a nation
overtaxed, disappointed, in the middle of a depression and with civil
liberties under attack by an attorney general run
Sound familiar? Wilson left office as one of the more unpopular presidents
in the republics
the same fate awaiting a Bush or a Kerry in 2008?
Despite widespread suspicion of the men and women who lord over us today,
all of our political ruling class obviously make a very good living from
picking the pockets of average people who pay for the federal governments
endless failed experiments in foreign and domestic social engineering. But
they couldnt do it without help. Large elements of the major media are on
board. And the hired help during this election season will have plenty of
slaves in the media to remind us how lucky we are to be living under this
regime or how lucky we will be if Kerry and his cutthroats replace Bush and
his cutthroats. These trained seals of the media will implore us "to vote."
They will also ridicule third parties.
Some of the slick ones on the network will goose step to the socialist line
of government on top of government with more government to follow. They
will point out that the United States, even with higher taxes, still has
tax rates that are much lower than France, Canada and
course, these nations are closer to a socialist model than we are and are
also nations that have much higher unemployment rates and lower growth
rates. But those are facts that are usually not mentioned or get sparse
attention when the subject of taxes is discussed in most major media. And
besides which, many of our taxes are now on the fast track. With a few more
years of the leviathan, we can certainly catch up with our Western European
and Canadian counterparts.
For example, let us not forget the ubiquitous social insurance tax. It is a
wretched impost, especially for the lower-middle class, working poor and
those who are self-employed (The latter have no employer to pay the
employers half of FICA. So they get a double dose of payroll taxes).
Thanks to the Kerrys and the Bushes, the next generation of
Americansbarring a miraclewill also pay higher payroll tax rates. These
rates will go up and up as they have over the last 32 years at an
accelerated pace. Republicans and Democrats have both signed off on a venal
system in which the "trust fund" is used for anything and everything. But
due to our flawed system of politics, the major candidates surely will not
be forced to answer any substantial questions on this issue other than to
say, "I support Social Security." Neither will be required to explain why there have been dozens of payroll
tax increases over the years or why the system runs into trouble every
decade or so. Neither will have to field a question over how anyone in the
private sector could legally run a trust fund the way the government
pillages the Social Security trust fund and not end up in the slammer. And
heres another one that Teresa Heinzs consort and George Herbert Walker
Bushs hijo should have to answer. How the hell did this payroll tax get so
high? Let history answer.
It is because President Nixon and the Democratic Congress of 1972both
exhibiting the notorious trait of almost all politicos, the overwhelming
desire to get re-elected no matter the long term consequencesapproved big
Social Security benefits increases along with ill-considered automatic cost
of living adjustments (colas) back in the disco era. They sent out the
notices of the benefits increasesyou guessed itjust before the elections,
which most incumbents won (Nixon was re-elected. Congress remained under
the control of Democrats). The pols "gave us" (sic) these benefits hikes
with little thought of how they would hurt Americans who had to pay for
them in the 1980s and
This was the kind of Pavlovian action of all career politicos who subscribe
to economist John Maynard Keynes. ("In the long run, were all dead.,"
Keynes was famously quoted as saying. Yes, and also much poorer, Mr.
Keynes). Watch for a repeat of this Keynesian electioneering when the
circus comes to your town.
This increase benefits you as much as it can in an election year, and
forget about the bills has been a disastrous policy that has hurt
generations and generations of Americans. Still, many Americans have no
idea what a FICA is. But they understand that, whatever the hell a FICA is,
it eats up a hell of a lot of their hard-earned dinero. This irresponsible
philosophy has also meant that tens of millions of workersmany with rather
modest incomesare paying more in payroll taxes than they do in income
taxes. The payroll tax has become the de facto second income tax of millions of
Americans. Thats unless, of course, one lives here in the Peoples Republic
de Nueva York. In this "enlightened" place, we have both a city and state
income tax. Here one can pay four income taxes! And neither of the major
parties here in the Rancid Apple ever suggests that maybe four income taxes
on top of everything else that one must pay to his masters are too much of
a burden.  Just as it ridiculous to expect Republicans to dismantle the
leviathan on the Potomachavent they been running things for the last four
years?so, too, it is silly to think that their counterparts in big cities
are generally the enemies of paternal government.
So once again, the fraud of a two-party runaway democracy is about to be
perpetuated with the connivance of most major media outlets. And who knows
how much it will cost us and generations to come? Whatever it is, it will
be a lot more than the estimates we get. The government, which often fudges
numbers, doesnt want you to know the truth, just as your parents shielded
you from many of lifes unpleasantries.
But youre not a child anymore, even though your government apparently
treats you as though you are perpetually one.
Time to put away childish things. Its time to stop going to the circus.
Gregory Bresiger is an editor in New
York. gbresiger at hotmail.com. See his
archive. Comment
on the blog.
This is not an exaggeration. It is widely conceded that Richard Nixon lost
the televised presidential debate of 1960 because he had five oclock
Arthur Schlesinger Jr., the great liberal historian and Kennedy aide,
concedes that the campaign issue of the U.S falling behind the Russians in
missile production was a canard. Once in office, "the issue finally
withered away," Schlesinger writes in his book, "A Thousand Days," p. 499
(Houghton Mifflin Company, Boston, 1965). Yet Kennedy, ever the big
government advocate, still went ahead with a nuclear arms buildup that was
not needed!
The whole slimy story is available in "The Buying of the President 2004,"
by Charles Lewis,  pp. 15055 and pp. 16869. (Harper Collins, New York,
See "Crisis and Leviathan," by Robert Higgs,  (New York, Oxford University
Press, 1987).
See "The Three Panics," a pamphlet from "The Political Writings of Richard
Cobden," (New York: Garland Publishing, 1973).
"We ought to have commercial intercourse with all, but political ties with
none," said Washington, a piece of advice that would have him branded "an
isolationist" today. Washington also cautioned against almost all foreign
alliances. "American has no motive for forming such connections and very
powerful motives for avoiding them." See "John Marshall, Definer of a
Nation," by Jean Edward Smith, p. 243, (New York, Henry Holt & Co., 1996)
It all sounds radical now, but for a century America adhered to many of
these common sense ideas.
See Jonathan Kwitnys book, "Endless Enemies: The Making of an Unfriendly
World." (New York: Congdon and Weed, 1984).
See "Free Speech in the United States," by Zechariah Chafee, Jr., p. 273,
(Harvard University Press, Cambridge, Mass., 1967).
 9) As I write this, word comes that Ralph Nader was denied credentials to
attend the Democratic convention. Some democrats just cant stop blaming
him for Gore losing the 2000 presidential election. I doubt any of them
were angry that Perot helped elect Clinton in 1992 or ask why Gore couldnt
carry his own state or West Virginia, traditional Democratic states that
went for Bush.
"The truth is that schools dont really teach anything except how to obey
orders." So wrote John Taylor Gotto, who has been an award winning public
school teacher. See his "Dumbing Us Down. The Hidden Curriculum of
Compulsory School," p. 25, (New Society Publishers, Philadelphia, 1991).
Both Russell and Mill, socialists who hoped that society would evolve away
from private property, nevertheless were fearful of state education,
believing its dangers far outweighed any of its potential benefits. For
example, Mill, in "On Liberty, warned that " a general state education is a
mere contrivance for molding people to be exactly like one another; and as
the mold in which it casts them is that which pleases the predominant power
in the government, whether this be a monarch, a priesthood, an aristocracy,
or the majority of the existing generation; in proportion as it is
efficient and successful, it establishes a despotism over the mind, leading
by natural tendency to one over the body."  See "The Utilitarians, p. 587,
(Doubleday & Co, Garden City, New York, 1961).
In his "gypsy years," before he married Teresa Heinz, John Kerry had no
permanent address in the Bay State. Senators are supposed to have permanent
addresses in the state they represent. But not John Kerry, who sometimes
stayed rent-free in the condo of his chief fundraiser. See "John Kerry. The
Complete Biography by The Boston Globe Reporters Who Know Him Best," by
Michael Kranish, Brian C. Mooney and Nina J. Easton, p. 238, (Public
Affairs, New York, 2004).
See F.A. Hayeks "The Road to Serfdom." (The University of Chicago Press)..
Here he warned, some 60 years ago, that," We are rapidly abandoning not the
views merely of Cobden and Bright, of Adam Smith and Hume, or even of Locke
and Milton, but one of the salient characteristics of Western civilization
as it has grown from the foundations laid by the Christians and the Greeks
and Romans." P. 17.
"Inflation from 1988 through the end of 2002 was 52%. What cost $100 in
1988 would cost $152.01 in 2002. If earnings only kept up with inflation,
they would grow from $23.75 in 1988 to $36.10 in 2003. That means that
earnings barely kept up with inflation, growing less than $1 ($.92) in
real, inflation adjusted terms in 15 years! That is a total growth of less
than four percent and clearly a compounded growth of less than 0.5%"  From
"Bulls Eye Investing. Targeting Real Returns in a Smoke and Mirrors
Market," by John Maudlin, p. 105, (John Wiley & Sons, New York, 2004).
"What makes us rich," writes Murray Rothbard, "is an abundance of goods,
and what limits that abundance is a scarcity of resources: . . .
Multiplying coin will not whisk these resources into being. We may feel
twice as rich for the moment, but clearly all we are doing is diluting the
money supply." P. 33. See Rothbards "What
Has Government Done to Our Money?"
"Here," wrote William Graham Sumner about a century ago, " we have the
Forgotten Man again, and once again we find him worthy of all respect and
consideration, but passed by in favor of the noisy, pushing and
incompetent." From "Social Darwinsim. Selected Essays of William Graham
Sumner," p. 127, (Prentice-Hall, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, 1963).
The Republican Party, in 1952, turned away from "isolationism when it
turned its back on Senator Robert Taft. He was "the Reluctant Dragon,
unable to wage permanent war against the Soviet menace." The party,
instead, turned to the "internationalist" Dwight Eisenhower. See "Prophets
on the Right. Profiles of Conservative Critics of American Globalism," by
Ronald Radosh, p. 192, (Simon and Shuster, New York, 1975).
"The Politics of War. The Story of Two Wars which Altered Forever the
Political Life of the American  Republic (18901920)" by Walter Karp,
Harper Row, New York,  1979).
Germany has "double" the unemployment rate of the United States. See the
"Wall Street Journal" op-ed page of August 2, 2004,. "Auf Wiedersehen to
the Leisure Economy, " p. A11.
See my "The Social
Security Deal of 1972" at mises.org or simply by doing on an on line search
using my name.
Alexis de Tocquevilles "Democracy in America." Here De Tocqueville, over a
century and a half ago, warned of the potential for an administrative
despotism that would be unlike any other tyranny ever experienced in
history. "It would resemble parental authority, if, fatherlike, it tried to
prepare its charges for a mans life, but on the contrary, it only tries to
keep them in perpetual childhood." P. 692, Vol II, (Perrenial Classics, New
York, 2000).
In response to many requests, it is now possible to set your credit-card
contribution to the Mises Institute to be recurring. You can easily set
this up on-line with a donation starting at $10 per month. See the
Membership Page. This is one way to
ensure that your support for the Mises Institute is ongoing.
[Print Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute
Mises.org Store
Home | About |
Email List |
Search |
Contact Us |
Periodicals |
Articles |
Games & Fun
EBooks |
Resources |
Catalog |
Contributions |
Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rah at ibuc.com
account. Unsubscribe
or send email to this
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2005-01-04 09:19:54
@_author: Mises Daily Article 
@_subject: The Genius and Struggle of PayPal 
The Genius and Struggle of PayPal
by William L. Anderson
[Posted January 4, 2005]
The PayPal Wars: Battles with eBay, the Media, and the Rest of Planet
Earth. Eric M. Jackson, World Ahead Publishing, Los Angeles, California,
344 pages, $27.95.
 Almost five years have passed since the heady days of the dot.com boom, an
era that began as the "New Economy" and ended in yet another recession and
the collapse of stock prices that in 1999 seemed to have no upward limits.
In hindsight, we can see that the "New Economy" was nothing more than the
shotgun wedding of the obvious commercial possibilities of the Internet and
the irresponsible, expansionary monetary policies of Alan Greenspan's
Federal Reserve System, not a marvelous invention created by Bill Clinton
through the magic of raising income tax rates.
That the dot.com boom turned into a bust does not take away from many of
the real success stories of that time, one of them being the emergence of
PayPal, which helped revolutionize the way payments could be made using the
Internet. The original vision that the creators of PayPal (Peter Thiel, a
hedge fund manager, and Max Levchin, an engineer who originally was from
the Ukraine) had in mind was a system that would permit people around the
world not only to be able to pay each other via the Internet, but also to
be able to protect themselves when their governments were inflating their
"World Domination" was the theme of this venture, beginning in 1999, in
Silicon Valley. Like so many other "high-tech" companies that bloomed in
the San Francisco Bay Area during the 1990s, it had the famed "no collar"
business culture that made these firms the darlings of an adoring media
that later would turn against them en masse when the "New Economy"
collapsed like the house of inflationary cards that it was. PayPal, unlike
many of the others, like Pets.com, Webvan.com, and etoys.com, hung on,
grew, and finally prospered, thanks in no small part to a refugee from the
"Old Economy," Eric M. Jackson, who has authored this book. While Jackson's
book is far from an exercise in megalomania (in fact, Jackson is one of the
more humble authors I have read recently), he was the one who steered
PayPal to its most famous moorings: the mechanism of payment choice for
hundreds of thousands of people who use the on-line auction services of
Before going on, let me say that The PayPal Wars is valuable not only
because it gives the reader an inside view of the entrepreneurial madness
that was Silicon Valley, but also because Jackson understands the larger
picture of which PayPal was a part. He understands the nature of boom and
bust (this despite the fact that he received an economics degree from the
decidedly mainstream program of Stanford University), pointing out the role
of the Federal Reserve System in this latest sorry economic episode. That
alone is enough to make the book worth reading.
Furthermore, Jackson understands the predatory nature of the regulatory
system that nearly brought down the company after it successfully completed
its initial public offering (IPO) in 2002, a feat notable in itself, given
the hostile climate that developed after many of the dot.coms went bust.
State and federal regulators, as clearly demonstrated in this book,
contributed nothing to the quality and "safety" of the product, that being
a relatively safe and secure mechanism for using the Internet to make
Before the regulators came the fierce competition from other companies
wanting to duplicateor at least closely resemblethe PayPal system, as it
should be. Such competition made PayPal more innovative and nimble, a trait
that was enhanced by the innovative and nimble corporate culture that the
company developed, something those interested in Austrian Economics would
appreciate, given the primacy of the entrepreneur in the Austrian system.
Yet, despite the challenges from competitors, the invasion of Russian
organized crime rings that almost brought down the firm through fraudulent
accounts, and the pack mentality of the news media, as Jackson points out,
government ultimately slowed and nearly stopped the whole enterprise. The
state-enforced roadblocks came through predatory regulators and politicians
like Elliot Spitzer, the state attorney general of New York, who graciously
took time from his shakedown of Wall Street firms to squeeze some "free"
cash from PayPal. The second state-enforced barrier came from the trial
lawyers acting through class action suits, a mechanism set up by government
courts that enriches lawyers and ultimately impoverishes businesses and
The story begins with Thiel recruiting Jackson, in November 1999, to his
new firm using that "New Economy" incentive, the stock option. Jackson at
that time was a young analyst locked in the bowels of the firm formerly
known as Arthur Andersen. At the time, it must have seemed a foolish move,
what with PayPal being an unknown startup and Andersen being one of the
best-established firms in the world. (Who would have imagined that in five
years hence, PayPal would be a world-wide name and Andersen eviscerated by
John Ashcroft's Department of Justice on bogus criminal charges for the
crime of being the unlucky firm to be handling the Enron account?)
Jackson's arrival at PayPal proved to be something out of Silicon Valley
I introduced myself to the receptionist, who had no idea that I was
expected. . . . My concern grew. Three people in the company who should
have known about my job offer seemed completely stumped. Could Peter
(Thiel) have changed his mind? . . . I had no idea what was going on. (pp.
Nor did the initial conditions he faced at Confinity (the official name of
the company that gave us PayPal), where the environment was thoroughly
unstructured, ease his anxiety:
What have I gotten myself into? I pondered as I tested the password to my
new Confinity e-mail account on a borrowed computer. I had no job
description, my colleagues didn't know who I was, and there wasn't even a
desk for me in the building!  At least Andersen gave its new hires a place
to sit. (p. 20)
The company brass finally found a place for Jackson to sitin the
"ping-pong room"and the young Stanford economics graduate soon found out
he would be involved in marketing PayPal. The idea behind Confinity's
signature product was disarmingly simple. While there were many ways for
individuals to transfer money to each other, all had limitations. Wire
transfers could be costly and required knowledge of both bank accounts,
which is information that could easily find its way into the wrong hands.
Credit cards are convenient, but few individuals have setups where they can
handle the plastic, that being the purvey of businesses who deal in volume.
But Thiel's inspiration was far more encompassing than just developing a
convenient payment system for small merchants and traders. Jackson recalls
a conversation during which Thiel explained his vision:
The need PayPal answers is monumental. Everyone in the world needs moneyto
get paid, to trade, to live. Paper money is an ancient technology and an
inconvenient means of payment. You can run out of it. It wears out. It can
get lost or stolen. In the twenty-first century, people need a form of
money that's more convenient and secure, something that can be accessed
from anywhere with a PDA (palm pilot) or an Internet connection.
Of course, what we're calling "convenient" for American users will be
revolutionary in the developing world. Many of these countries' governments
play fast and loose with their currencies. . . . They use inflation and
sometimes wholesale currency devaluations, like we saw in Russia and
several Southeast Asian countries last year, to take wealth away from their
citizens. Most of the ordinary people there never have an opportunity to
open an offshore account or to get their hands on more than a few bills of
a stable currency like U.S. dollars.
The $64 question is this: How did this grand vision of an alternative way
of holding and trading money ultimately become the mechanism of choice for
traders using eBay?  The credit there goes to Jackson, who while surfing
the Internet came upon eBay and realized that most of the small traders and
sellers using that site were limited to using the mail to transfer payments
in the form of checks, since the average household is not set up to handle
credit cards.
It was not long before Jackson convinced his superiors to use eBay, and
soon it accounted for about 70 percent of PayPal's transactions. However,
there were two problems that soon followed. The first was finding a way to
make the system profitable. PayPal did not charge for small users (the
company did introduce transactions fees for "business" users), instead
making its money through the "float" in which it was able to temporarily
hold the money before the final transactions were completed. Dependence
upon the "float," however, proved to be a loser and the company struggled
with a mechanism that would enable it to collect fees yet not drive away
its loyal customers.
The second problem dealt with duplicate services. For example, eBay
developed Billpoint, its own online payment mechanism, and other similar
services soon popped up, most of them being backed up by large banks.
Furthermore, eBay used a number of tactics in an attempt to steer its
customers toward Billpoint and away from PayPal, only to find that the
decentralized and nimble crew at Confinity always found a way around the
private barriers.
To deal with one competitor's threatcoming from X.comConfinity ultimately
merged with the firm, creating a marriage that was made elsewhere than
Heaven. While Confinity was loosely structured with an entrepreneurial
spirit, X.com was more "top down" in structure, decision making dominated
by Elon Musk, a capable but sometimes bull-headed CEO who imposed policies
that seemed to come more from the comic strip "Dilbert" than the honest
give-and-take of business analysis. For example, Musk was stuck on the "X"
name to be given to PayPal (X-PayPal) despite its negative connotations.
Writes Jackson:
While compiling research to support the continued use of the PayPal name, I
tracked down a videotape of several focus groups held by an X.com
researcher hired the prior summer. The participants in the groups
unsurprisingly disparaged the X brand. Women complained that it seemed
pornographic, and middle-aged men remarked that it sounded too much like
Generation X, comments similar to what we'd heard during the several focus
groups held by Confinity. The tapes provided no rationale whatsoever for
the use of the X brand. . . .
The official write-up from the research answered the question. In almost
Orwellian fashion, the summary claimed that the participants liked the
X.com name and identified it with "brand X," which supposedly stood for the
underdog or the sympathetic little guy. (p. 131)
I include this passage not to disparage Musk but rather to point out that
even in the profit-making world of business, reports sometimes are written
to please the top brass, not deal with real consumer preferences. However,
unlike government, where such reports are commonplace and the authors and
originators of failed policies rarely must pay for telling half-truths or
outright lies, Musk ultimately paid for his bad vision. He was removed from
his CEO position by the company's board of directors almost immediately
after he announced that X.com was going to discontinue PayPal. The
commercial marketplacethat entity regularly denounced by the political
classesrewards truth and punishes lying (or "spin," as politicians like to
call it).
The next challenge came from Russian mafiosos, who were tapping the PayPal
accounts on a regular basis, creating large fraud losses. Again, the nimble
corporate culture came to the rescue, as the PayPal teams found ways to
circumvent the criminals without largely inconveniencing their customers.
(Contrast this with the way the Transportation Security Administration
largely inconveniences airline passengers to conduct what clearly are
ineffectual methods to prevent terrorist hijackings. A gaggle of lawyers
soon appeared to sue PayPal because some customers had trouble accessing
their accounts; no one sues the TSA just like no one sued the FAA or other
U.S. Government agencies after the 9/11 attacks. Only the airlines found
themselves in court.)
After suffering losses its first few years, PayPal finally began to show a
small profit, and it was able to attract the investors who ultimately were
willing to purchase its stock following the company's IPO in early 2002.
Not surprisingly, the prospect of a new firm coming into the public arena
drew not only media coverage, but "entrepreneurial" lawyers and government
regulators. Lawyers found ways to bring class action suits while government
officials like Elliot Spitzer found ways to demand payments from the
company for nonexistent regulatory violations in order to gain permission
to operate within their states.
In the end, however, PayPal "won." That is, the idea survived and the
company survived as well. However, soon after the IPO was completed, the
principals decided to sell it to eBay, which quickly jettisoned its
ineffective Billpoint and used PayPal as one of its payment mechanisms.
Jackson and others who had thrived in the open culture of Confinity (and
later X.com) found the "old economy" top-down, MBA-oriented culture of eBay
too much to handle and left for other ventures.
I have gone through the story, but have not commented on my opinion of this
book. Is it worth reading?  Absolutely. Does it have a useful and important
story to tell? Yes, indeed it does. (I must admit that I liked it so much
that I plan to make it required reading for my MBA students beginning in
the fall of 2005.)
The genius of The PayPal Wars is more than it's being an interesting
business story. In the end, it is a wonderful exposition of Austrian
Economics, even if that is not what the author intends. We see
entrepreneurship, government regulation, and the boom-and-bust business
cycles in action, presented in a manner in which the author not only sees
the immediate "small" picture, but the larger picture at the same time. It
definitely is worth taking the time to read, and those who do will better
understand those madcap days in which people mistakenly believed that the
laws of economics had been overthrown forever.
William Anderson, an adjunct scholar of the Mises Institute, teaches
economics at Frostburg State University. Send
him MAIL. See his
Mises.org Articles
Archive. Comment on the blog.
In response to many requests, it is now possible to set your credit-card
contribution to the Mises Institute to be recurring. You can easily set
this up on-line with a donation starting at $10 per month. See the
Membership Page. This is one way to
ensure that your support for the Mises Institute is ongoing.
[Print Friendly Page]
Mises Email List Services
Join the Mises Institute
Mises.org Store
Home | About |
Email List |
Search |
Contact Us |
Periodicals |
Articles |
Games & Fun
FAQ |
EBooks |
Resources |
Catalog |
Contributions |
Freedom Calendar
You are subscribed as: rah at ibuc.com
account. Unsubscribe
or send email to this
--- end forwarded text
