
@_date: 2012-08-07 10:53:31
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: [liberationtech] What I've learned from Cryptocat 
Hi Libtech,
Maxim Kammerer replied:
Maxim's comments match my thoughts with regards to both current
Cryptocat over SSL and my analogy to Riseup webmail over SSL.
If Riseup does what they say they do[1], emails sitting on their servers
are not mined for advertising or LE (unlike Facebook chat, or as Maxim
suggests, gmail); their servers do not log IPs; IPs are not embedded in
emails; and outgoing emails to other secure email providers are
encrypted (StartTLS).
Furthermore, it appears Riseup plans[2] encryption for stored emails on
their servers in the future. Such a scheme would make the emails
difficult for LE, or more broadly, attackers, to get, even with a
warrant -- not only would they have to obtain forced decryption power,
which I don't think they have as of yet in the US, but also Riseup might
not be able to provide the relevant keys in any case. (That the NSA has
copies is a vulnerability, but perhaps not a relevant one, as to my
knowledge LE can't introduce NSA copies as evidence.)
Similarly with current Cryptocat over SSL: if the server and server
operator do what they say they do, there aren't data-mining operations
going on for the benefit of LE or advertisers.
Both Riseup and current Cryptocat over SSL rely on good SSL connections
and also trust that the server and server operator aren't compromised
(including incorrect implementations). Those 3 dependencies are far from
ideal, but at least the risk calculations are ones some activists
without access to OTR or PGP or their own .mx can make. Better than
known bad actors, known bad servers.
Maybe my technical understanding is lacking something here, but I
believe the above to be correct.
1. 2. liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders. You may ask for a reminder here: Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on

@_date: 2012-11-28 17:14:09
@_author: Douglas Lucas 
@_subject: [liberationtech] 
Here is an article about the 4 US residents in question:
Here is the indictment PDF:
According to the PDF, defendants "conspired to provide material support
and resources, including but not limited to property, services, and
personnel, including themselves, knowing and intending that they be used
in preparation for, and in carrying out, crimes of terrorism in
violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2339A."
The indictment uses (among other things) social media likes/shares as
evidence that there is "probable cause to believe" defendants violated
the law, but, from what I can discern, does not say the likes/shares
themselves constituted material support per se. From my inexpert reading
of the indictment, it suggests that (there is probable cause to believe
that) the defendants themselves constituted the material support. Sort
of a strange existential distinction there...
Somebody who has more legal knowledge than I might be able to comment on
this more usefully.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
