
@_date: 2003-01-23 11:48:04
@_author: David G.W. Birch 
@_subject: Sixth Annual Digital Money Forum 
Hi Bob,
Can you pass this on in the usual places... Many thanks...
......... the sixth annual Consult Hyperion forum .........
.............. D I G I T A L ... M O N E Y ................
     "No other conference in our industry compares"
    Jack Selby, VP Intl. Business Development, Paypal
                  sponsored by Vodafone
        supported by NCipher and American Express
                        London
                 April 2nd/3rd, 2003
.......................The Event............................
Now in its sixth year, the annual Digital Money Forum will
be two days of interactive discussion and debate from the
centre of the digital money world.
The Forum is not about technology or marketing: it is about
the whole subject of the digitisation of money and the
implications of that process for individuals, businesses
and governments. A central theme of the sixth forum will be
the resurgence of interest in new technologies for cash
replacement: peer-to-peer electronic payment, contactless
smart cards, mobile phones as mobile wallets and so on.
Both speakers and delegates will be leaders in the field,
looking at the evolution of retail electronic payments from
the consumer, regulatory, bank, merchant, legal, sociological
and other perspectives. With experts in financial systems,
interactive TV, mobile commerce, mass transit, retail and
related subjects gathered together, the Forum will continue
to be the place to be for anyone who wants to understand
Digital Money.
Last year, the audience came from Europe, North America and
the Far East to discuss topics ranging from the plans of
banks and payment schemes and new European regulation to
commodity and community currencies. This year, the subjects
already on the agenda include the success of mass transit
operators in replacing cash at points of sale to mobile
payment schemes and from the digitisation of local exchange
trading systems to electronic cash in developing countries.
.....................The Programme..........................
Keynote speakers:
Riel Miller from the OECD on the future of money
Economist, author, journalist and BBC broadcaster Diane Coyle
Presentations by:
Simon Lelieveldt from the Dutch Electronic Money Association
Andrew Smith from the London Transport Prestige scheme
Michael Linton of Open Money covering LETS
Roy Cosway, Cornish Key Card, setting out local govt. requirements.
Toni Merschen, head of Chip & Mobile Payments at MasterCard
Gerry Looby of Cardbase reporting on the Nigerian national e-purse
Edgar Kampers describing the Dutch "Green Money" scheme in Utrecht
Dominic Peachey of the Financial Service Authority on regulation
Jim Wadsworth of Vodafone, talking about their m-pay scheme
and others
There are also expert panels including
Sandra Alzetta of Visa International on m-payments
Jof Walters of Egg sharing experiences in bank P2P
Cyprien Goddard of iPin on microbilling
Please note that due to the continued success of the Forum, we
have again decided to limit the number of places in order
to preserve the much-valued interactive nature of the event.
   Further information can be found at the Forum web site
           Thanks to the generosity of our sponsors, the Forum will
again cost only 595 pounds Sterling per person excluding
The fee includes the forum, documentation, meals, cocktails
and drinks around the champagne tables.
This is a not-for-profit event and any surplus generated is
distributed, as in previous years, to a variety of mainly
local charities. Recent beneficiaries of our events have
including the Fountain Centre for Palliative Cancer Care and
the Surrey Centre for the Visually Impaired.
For further information or to reserve a place please contact
Gloria Benson                  Telephone +44 1483 301793                Fax +44 1483 561657
--- end forwarded text
