
@_date: 2002-06-29 03:31:35
@_author: davidbrin@cts.com 
@_subject: No subject 
Thanks Bill, for passing on your message, along with the news that I've been
dissed and discussed by R.A. Hettinga. Naturally, he never informed me, nor
copied me his missives, nor invited me to answer.  This appears to be quite
Let me make clear, this is not a case of disagreement over public issues of
privacy, security and freedom.  That topic area merits serious attention by
adults, and your attempt, below, to paraphrase my position in The
Transparent Society, is an example of adult discourse.  Paraphrasing is what
men and women do when they truly want to understand another's point of view.
 They then seek feedback in order to find out if their impressions are
right, or if they've been just in their counter-arguments.
Your attempt, below, is a good effort.  Inaccurate in some details, but also
quite interesting.  I wish I had time for a full reaction.  Perhaps I will
try later, after returning from giving a keynote at the Libertarian National
Convention.  (An irony that will surely gall cypherpunks who routinely
insist that theirs is the only possible pro-freedom zeitgeist.)
No, my case against Hettinga is much simpler.  The man publicly attributed
to me views that I do not have, and have never expressed.  Views that are,
in fact, diametrically opposite to anything that I believe.  Moreover, this
cannot be due to inadvertence or carelessness, since he used quotation
marks, something that an educated person only does when he can back it up
with demonstrable citations.
Not inadvertence or laziness, then, but rather deliberate falsehood
bordering on libel.  The man is an outright liar.  I had no choice but to
say so, lest the words that he tried to cram into my mouth become part of
the public record.
But enough about such people.  They are noisy and - I've learned - quite
irrelevant.  It's why I no longer bother with cypherpunks.  They are
romantics who dream of fighting 'Big Brother".  If tyranny ever does come,
the loudest - already foolishly on record - will never get a chance to try
out their fancy spy toys before they are shot.
It's up to adults like you and me to see to it that never happens.
For you, I'll offer the respect of a (brief) argument.
Let's shift from technological determinism (the Moore's Law thing) to basic
* It is fundamentally impossible ever to verify for certain that someone
else does NOT know something.
* It is demonstrably possible - though sometimes difficult - to verify that
YOU do know something.
That's it, in a nutshell.  The premise of the cypherpunks - to protect
themselves and their freedom from inimical elites by limiting what those
elites know - is untenable. Cowering under blankets and covers and shrouds
and ciphers cannot possibly work in the long run, because it is based on an
absurdity.  They will never know which of their encryption programs has a
back door, or which anonymity site is a police front.  (Hint: they ALL will
be.)  Cowering can never offer any peace of mind.
Moreover, it is a craven, self-centered and ultimately futile approach. In setting me up as a strawman, guys like Hettinga claim that I 'trust'
government elites.  Hogwash.  I am far more suspicious of authority than any
of them are!  They would pick and choose some elites to trust while focusing
their ire on just one (government).  I don't trust ANY elite, of government,
wealth, criminality or technology.  Moreover, I will not cower from them.
The only defense of freedom that works is the one americans have used for
200 years.  An AGGRESSIVE  approach, barging into the citadels of power,
ripping the blinds, opening the windows, protecting the whistleblowers,
siccing elites against each other, unleashing a myriad news-hounds and
generally stripping the big boys naked!
These guys see themselves as Keanu Reaves - cheap movie cliche heroes -
skipping ratlike through garbage under the dark towers of the Neuromancer
zaibatsus, while the rest of their fellow citizens mewl like sheep. Meanwhile, in real life, those citizens are standing up and - en masse -
empowering themselves with the very same technology that the cynics and
pundits think will enslave us!  See:
Feh!  Dig it, man.  My freedom is NOT contingent on blinding govt.  Let em
see!  They will, anyway.  Maybe if they see better, they will do their jobs
better.  So?
My freedom is protected by MY ability to supervise govt... to know what they
are up to and to hold them accountable if they abuse their power.  Not only
is that epistemologically possible, it is exactly how we got the freedom we
now have!
I never said that task would be easy!  The present administration makes
daily efforts to erect barriers to public oversight and accountability, with
vigor unseen since the Sedition Acts.  I wish the cypherpunks were helping
in the fight to preserve transparency, instead of playing into the
concealers' hands.
I don't want a blind guard dog.  I want a guard dog who can see... but with
a fierce choke chain around its neck, controlled by every american who is
empowered to clearly supervize what the dog is up to and react quickly if so
much as growls in the wrong direction.
A few who read this will get it.  The rest will call it 'naive', even though
it's what worked for us so far. Nor is it any more naive than actually
trusting PGP! In ten years, not one cypherpunk has answered my challenge to
name a society in history that adopted widespread secrecy as a
freedom-protection measure - and thrived.  Ours, utilizing the tool of open
accountability, has.
Oh, one last metaphor.  Humans are monkeys.  Ever try to BLIND a big monkey?
 It won't let you!  But you can LOOK at a big monkey.  You can look at it,
and yell for help from other little monkeys if you see it try mischief. You
can do that if your top priority is protecting YOUR eyes, not trying to
Enough.  Thanks again, Bill.  Look up Witness.org.  They are doing more good
in the world than all the cypherpunks, cowering under their fantasy masks...
masks that will blow away like dust, if ever a real storm comes.
With cordial regards,
David Brin

@_date: 2002-06-29 15:01:46
@_author: davidbrin@cts.com 
@_subject: Rendering Unto Ceasar 
In other words, using the nation-state (a mob by any other name
Brin's new remise:
The attempt to paraphrase me, above, using "in other words", is yet another
example of the profound dishonesty we're witnessing here.  It truly is
pathetic when people feel a need to cram words and meanings into the mouths
of other people, in blatant attempts to make them look foolish or to erect
strawmen to knock down.
In fact, Hettinga's "in other words" above has no relationship to anything I
believe, nor to anything I've said.  And certainly no relationship to the
very paragraph to which he refers!
This is truly dismal.
Please note, not an iota of actual citation or specificity.  He avoids
addressing the central issue -- that he crammed words and meanings into my
mouth that have no bearing on my views - a harmful act since others might
believe him.  Moreover, he did not offer me a chance to see or comment. Moreover he abused quotation marks.
These are my "mob" actions... apparently Hettinga can do whatever he wants
to others, but calls it 'mob' when one of those people explicityly and
carefully holds him accountable for deliberate untruths.
At last, a paraphrasing the glancingly touches my actual views.  Cameras
HAVE proliferated as much in the US as in Britain - though mostly into
private hands, rather than the police.  This bothers me because ALL elites
should be held accountable.  Still, dispersal of vision among as wide a
variety of elites as possible is certainly preferable.
As for 'statist' views... again, pathetic.  I am keynote speaker for this
year's Libertarian National Convention.  Guys like Hettinga hurl such words
at anything they do not understand.  If it's not their standard line, it
must be Big Brother.  Feh.
Fine.  He is proposing an experimental new kind of society.  I am willing to
listen.  Meanwhile, however, I will try to defend THIS society using the
tools that have created more freedom and wealth than any other.  Forcing
accountability upon elites is the method that has worked.  A burden of proof
falls upon the romantics who propose that we switch to an entirely different
strategy of hiding from each other behind masks.
In The Transparent Society I pose many many problems with this approach. Instead of making caricatures to avoid arguing, ANSWER those problems, one
by one.  Convince us this untested prescription will work better than one
that is already working well.
You may succeed, I have a more open mind than yours, apparently.
But for now, I consider masks to be craven.  You'll find me, bare-faced,
confronting statists and aristocrats and plutocrats and other elites
demanding that they strip.
Enough.  You haven't a clue what I believe Hettinga. You have proved it so
leave me OUT of your screeds.  Stop lying about me, or I'll hold you
accountable again.
Others, please let me know if/when he starts in again.  Better yet, go
listen to honest men.
With cordial regards,
David Brin
