
@_date: 1993-04-12 11:10:31
@_author: R. David Murray 
@_subject: forward: cryptanalysis talk abstract 
Thought people might find this abstract of a talk being given here at
Penn of some interest.  Please let me know if I'm wrong .
(And, no, I won't be attending; almost all of it would be over my head.
What is in this abstract is probably as much of it as I could understand
without considerable preparation ).

@_date: 1993-04-19 05:58:09
@_author: R. David Murray 
@_subject: Hellman's Hints 
Please excuse some questions from a somewhat crypto-naive person, but
I'd like to try to understand this thing a little better so I don't make
any stupid goofs if I talk about it.
I presume that we can simply consider this 'universal' key as if it
didn't exist?  Well, actually, I suppose it prevents 'joe average' from
getting the serial number, but certainly not foreign agents or any
criminal who has motivation to get it(*).  After all, a secret known by
more than one person will not remain a secret long, and this one is
going to be known by thousands.  Why even bother with it?  It seems like
it just adds compute overhead that could be better used for other
(* I assume the TLAs get it legally)
The fact that the serial number is effectively in the clear then means
that traffic analysis attacks can glean information for anyone who can
get at the phone lines, yes?  Even if the states were to outlaw caller
id, these tapper phones would reintroduce that level of traceability.
Even worse, in some ways, since your tapper 'identity' goes with you if
you change phone numbers as long as you keep your old phone.
Finally, can anyone explain to me how this thing /works/, at the simple
'this is what you do with this key' level of description of how RSA
works?  I can't figure out how two phones can communicate with each
other without compromising one key or another, since RSA does /not/ seem
to be involved in this (there is no public key registry, right?)
Sorry if this is a dumb question . . .

@_date: 1993-04-19 13:03:35
@_author: R. David Murray 
@_subject: How tapper works: see alt.privacy.clipper 
If it is not too late, please ignore my previous request for an
explanation of how tapper works.  I found the answer in
alt.privacy.clipper.  The missing piece of info was that the session key
must be negotiated separately.

@_date: 1993-03-25 07:50:58
@_author: R. David Murray 
@_subject: Many Important Items in the News 
Phil Karn suggests that the ability for potential recipients to block
anonymous mail is important.  I agree.
If you don't mind a few comments from someone who has been lurking until
now . . . If, as Tim May says, the cyphperpunks anonymous remailers have been
mentioned more widely, it may be time for the cypherpunks to 'go public'. I suspect, from the traffic on news.admin.policy (which I just read a bunch
of) that things would have been less acrimonious if Julf had chosen to
respond to admin complaints and been seen to be clearly working toward a
mutually acceptible solution.  I understand (I think) why he chose not
to, but if news.admin.policy starts talking about cypherpunk remailers,
then, based on what we learned from Julf's experience (thanks
Julf, and sorry it turned out the way it did, and happy it wasn't worse)
I don't think we can afford to remain silent.  I suspect that even if Julf
had been participating in that discussion he still would have been shut
down, but it might have taken longer, and people might (/might/)
understand his/our position better.
I suggest we be proactive about 'anonymous call blocking', and prepare
information sheets and code to make it easy for people who choose to do
so to block anonymous mail/postings, and at the appropriate time publish
these widely.
Perhaps a member with an effective writing style (Tim?) could prepare a
'position paper' explaining our position.  Of course, talk of Anarchy
would be a little much, so the problem would be what to include . . . An argument that might appeal to the control freaks is that anonymous
remailers are inevitable, and it would be better to codify it and
provide mechanisms for 'anonymous message blocking' than to have to deal
with it anew each time someone new starts up an anonymous service.
The biggest problem I see is that a number of Julf's supporters pointed
to the fact that penet anonymous users could be sent email, just like a
regular net id, and had a sysadmin who could block them for bad
behaviour, just like a regular net id.  Cypherpunk remailers do away
with that, and that could be a hard sell.  The danger of asking
news.admin.policy in on a standardization discussion is that they could
decide this level of 'accountability' was required and get really nasty
about anything else.
I hope others have some better ideas about how to prepare for what comes
next.  The one clear thing is that we have a lot to learn from Julf's
experience.  Anyone interested in the future of anonymity on the net who
has not read through some of the postings on news.admin.policy should do

@_date: 1993-03-25 14:58:57
@_author: R. David Murray 
@_subject: Many Important Items in the News 
You know, what we might to do is figure out a first cut position, and
then set up a mock debate.  Have some members 'role-play' vociforous
opponents of nyms.  That way we might be able to work out in
advance good counter arguments for the nastiest objections any of us can
think of.  I'm sure the /real/ ojectors will come up with stuff we
don't, but at least it would give us a leg up.  I think I'd recommend
setting this up as a formal 'game', with all participants adopting nyms
to keep the argumentation distinct from normal discourse.  Even if it
was done on a separate mailing list.  See, another good use for nyms

@_date: 1993-05-07 11:05:39
@_author: R. David Murray 
@_subject: cheap secure telnet? 
I have a need to have a secure telnet connection.  It has to be cheap
(on the order of hundreds of dollars, not thousands),
but it doesn't have to be free.  It also has to be low cost in
terms of setup; that is, I don't want to set up a full blown
Kerberos system just to get a single secure telnet link.  The link is to
be between two unix systems.  I have root and physical access to both systems.
Anyone know of such a beast?
On second thought, if you have leads on stuff in the thousands of
dollars range, send me them too.  This /could/ turn out to be that
