
@_date: 2001-11-26 07:00:33
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: HDCP break and DMCA 
I can't speak for any of the other authors, but yes, I am extremely
concerned about the DMCA.  In the case of HDCP, I spent more time speaking
with lawyers than I spent on the cryptographic research itself.  As a
result of this experience, I don't plan to work in the area of copy
protection again so long as this legal shadow hangs over the field.
The costs are simply too high.
For further information, you can read the declaration I submitted
in the Felten case.  It is available online at the URL below.

@_date: 2001-11-26 07:12:47
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: HDCP break and DMCA 
Well, I spent quite a bit of time talking to lawyers about this very
issue, and unfortunately, it does not appear to be mere hyperbole.
As much as I'd prefer to believe this is nothing more than hyperbole,
the legal experts told me to take this issue very seriously, and I am.
As far as I can figure, it seems unlikely that publishing a scientific
paper would be fall under the criminal provisions of the DMCA, so
"criminalize" is probably inaccurate.  However, the potential liability
in a civil suit appears to be a significant concern.
The key is 1201(b), providing a "technology ... or component thereof",
etc., etc.  Is a scientific paper that merely describes how to build a
circumvention device a "technology or component thereof"?  It's simply
not clear.  The lawyers don't seem to be able to confidently predict
how such a case would turn out (and I spoke to several).
In other words, there appears to be a real, but unquantifiable risk --
a risk to scientists that cannot be lightly dismissed.
Given this risk, I've decided I cannot afford to continue to work in the
area of copy protection as long as the uncertainty remains.  And how in
good conscience can I advise students working with me to work in this
troubled area?  I can't.

@_date: 2001-11-27 02:43:11
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: HDCP break and DMCA 
I believe publishing is important for the advancement of the field.
If noone publishes, how will we learn from our mistakes?  How will
people learn of the risks?  Fortunately, we are in a privileged position.
The university has been supportive of our work, which has made it easier
to publish on a limited basis despite the risks.
However, if I knew when we started this project what I know now, I would
not have initiated this research: I would have spent my time on some
other important problem without the legal overhead and risks.  In the
future, you can bet that I won't be working on copy protection again,
not if the situation stays like this.

@_date: 2002-08-02 00:36:43
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Challenge to David Wagner on TCPA 
Your point is taken.  That said, even if you could turn off TCPA &
Palladium and run some outdated version of Windows, whether users
would object is not entirely obvious.  For instance, suppose that,
thanks to TCPA/Palladium, Microsoft could design Office 2005 so that it
is impossible for StarOffice and other clones to read files created in
Office 2005.  Would some users object?  I don't know.  For many users,
being unable to read documents created in a recent version of Office
is simply not an option.  However, in any case we should consider in
advance the possible implications of this technology.

@_date: 2002-07-14 21:49:02
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: DRM will not be legislated 
Care to support this claim?  (the Hollings bill and the DMCA requirement
for Macrovision in every VCR come to mind as evidence to the contrary)

@_date: 2002-07-18 00:40:13
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: DRM will not be legislated 
What's your point?  If you think the CBDTPA wasn't about legislating
DRM or something like it, we must be from different planets.
I'll elaborate.  CBDTPA delegated power to the FCC to specify standards
that all digital devices would have to implement.  It is not at all
surprising that CBDTPA was drafted to allow the FCC great freedom
in choosing the technical details as necessary to achieve the bill's
objectives.  It is equally clear that supporters of the bill were pushing
for some mandatory "Fritz chip", do-not-copy bit, Macrovision protection,
copy protection, or other DRM-like technical measure.  This issue is
not going away quietly.

@_date: 2002-06-27 02:26:41
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
I can't agree.  Strong protection of copyright is probably possible if
the content owner only distributes the content to tamperproof trusted
hardware.  Strong protection of copyright is probably not possible if
the content is available on hardware under control of untrusted parties.
Where's the contradiction?
Another point you seem to be missing is that there is a middle ground
between perfect copy-protection and no copy-protection.  This middle
ground may be very bad for the public.  Take, for instance, Adobe's
rot13-class encryption: this offered only weak copy-protection, as any
serious pirate could defeat it, but the copy-protection is just strong
enough to be bad for fair use and for research, and possibly just strong
enough to serve Adobe's corporate interests.
No, it's not.  Read Ross Anderson's article again.  Your analysis misses
part of the point.  Here's an example of a more problematic vision:
you can buy Microsoft Office for $500 and be able to view MS Office
documents; or you can refrain from buying it and you won't be able to
view MS Office documents.  Do you see why this is problematic?  It lets
one vendor lock the world into a monopoly; noone else will be able to
develop compatible MS Word viewers without the consent of Microsoft.
(StarOffice on Linux won't work, because to get the session key to
decrypt the Word document your viewer has to go online to microsoft.com
and ask for it, but microsoft.com won't give you the key unless you've
bought a "secure" "trusted" OS and purchased Microsoft Office for $500.)
Now notice that the same idea can be used to inhibit competition in
just about any computer market, and I hope you appreciate Ross's point.
TCPA/DRM has the potential for anti-competitive effects, and the result
may well be worse off than we are today.

@_date: 2002-06-27 06:55:11
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
It's not clear that enabling anti-competitive behavior is good
for society.  After all, there's a reason we have anti-trust law.
Ross Anderson's point -- and it seems to me it's one worth considering

@_date: 2002-06-30 02:32:25
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Piracy is wrong 
Don't overlook the fact that when the government gives an artist a
limited monopoly through copyright, the government retains some rights
(e.g., fair use) to the public, whether the artist likes it or not.

@_date: 2003-06-03 21:10:00
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
As far as we know.
I agree it's an economic issue, and law enforcement doesn't seem to
listen in on a considerable proportion of calls as a whole at the moment.
But what happens to costs in the future?  Remember, it takes 10 years
to get any change to the cellphone/telecommunications infrastructure
deployed, so it pays to think ahead.
By the way, what's the story with those SIGINT planes supposedly
advertised as being able to fly over a city and capture communications
from the whole metropolitan area?  John Young had a pointer on his web
site at one point.  Do you suppose they might snarf up all the cellphone
traffic they can find, en masse?  What proportion of calls would that be,
as a fraction of the whole?  One wonders whether your confidence in the
security of cellphone traffic is well-founded.

@_date: 2003-06-07 00:52:27
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Just wait a little while.
By the way, one can already buy fake base stations that
mount man-in-the-middle attacks on GSM as a way to eavesdrop
on GSM calls.  It's off the shelf, but it costs ridiculous
amounts of money.
Right.  The major barrier is the need for a digital
scanner (which indeed is a major barrier against certain
threat models, but not a barrier for other threat models).
I'm less optimistic.  Market forces being what they are,
one would expect that one would quickly get cellphones that
are *claimed* and *perceived* to be more secure, regardless
of their true merits or demerits.
Oh wait, that already happened.

@_date: 2003-06-14 18:50:49
@_author: David Wagner 
@_subject: An attack on paypal --> secure UI for browsers 
"Force", maybe not.  No one can "force" me to turn my machine on,
for instance.  But take a look at one line you quoted from the FAQ:
    "Only one nexus at a time will be able to run on a machine."
That looks to me like an important sentence.
