
@_date: 1994-12-01 16:08:49
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
My $0.02:
The size or complexity of Fedwire is not the issue (it's actually
pretty simple compared to some off the suggestions I've heard
recently). Nor is this merely a matter of designing robust computer programs (although this is very important). What is important is the degree of trust between the clearing parties, the legal arrangements between the clearing parties, and the backend of the clearing mechanism,
which is settlement -- how you balance out the real money accounts.
Let's say you have two banks, X and Y. Bank X has slightly more
merchant activity than bank Y, as bank Y is more consumer oriented.
Therefore bank Y is going to receive more real dollars from its
customers, and bank X is going to pay out more real dollars to its
customers. If these two banks are part of the same clearing system, then it is certain that the net flow of e-cash from Y to X is going to need to be accompanied by a flow of real US$ from bank Y to bank X. This is called settlement.
In reality, these things are extremely dynamic, changing on a minute-by-minute basis throughout a clearing system, but let's
stick with this simple example. As Mr. Hughes pointed out recently, the question is not whether the system works when everything goes as expected, but rather what happens when things fail unexpectedly. For instance, if bank X has credited the accounts of its customers (the merchants) while waiting for bank Y to make an offsetting real cash transfer, and bank Y goes bankrupt (or is declared insolvent or whatever), then bank X is out that money.  There are three possible solutions. One partial solution is to  not treat e-cash as cash -- the balance does not become available at bank X until a settlement period has passed. At this point, you might as well stop calling it e-cash, and call it an e-check. It's still a non-trivial situation if the bank the check is written on goes belly-up, but there is less exposure to fraud, with an offsetting
nervousness on the part of the merchant that the e-check will bounce.
The second possibility is for all the clearing house members to trust some central entity to handle the clearing and insulate them
from the bankruptcy of the individual members. This is how
Fedwire works, and it is arguably simpler than various types of
peer-to-peer clearing systems, but requires a great deal of trust
in that central entity. It also could have more catastrophic
consequences in the event of the failure of that central entity.
The third is that X and Y belong to a clearing association. Banks
might settle deficit positions with one another (a 'net' system),
and could negotiate a certain deficit level with all others in
the system. If a deficit was exceeded during the clearing, a
partial settlement would be required from one member to another.
A variant on this is the 'net-net' system, where banks are allowed
a certain deficit position with respect to the clearing system as
a whole, and losses are shared according to some formula in the
event of a bankruptcy. Settlement is done by a bank's paying into (or
receiving from) the system according to its position at the end
of the settlement period. This doesn't sound too complex, until you start to read the relevant
parts of the Uniform Commercial Code. To paraphrase the docco for
the xterm source code, "If you think you understand this right away, you probably don't. It is a hideous mess." The question of
what should happen to e-cash caught in the flux of the bankruptcy of a member of an e-cash clearing association is not immediately
clear and is every bit as important a question as the specification
of the computer protocols. It involves careful contemplation of
the relevant law, carefully construted contractural arrangements,
and robust, well-written software. Note that it becomes almost
exponentially dicier when you try to scale it to an international
level (assuming you want to try to continue to work within the legal frameworks of the various countries, and probably even if you don't want to.)
Now, take bankruptcy, and replace it with "systematic fraud."
Suppose that the same fine type of folks who got involved in
S&Ls get into e-cash in a big way... the mind boggles.

@_date: 1994-12-02 07:50:23
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
A further reply to Mr. Robichaux, who I paraphrase, "The more I have problems with the DigiCash beta, the better First Virutal
Some problems with this:
1) It is, after all, a Beta Test. Many companies limit    participation in such tests quite arbitrarily. Also,
   remember, DigiCash (to the best of my knowledge) is
   not going into the digital bank business itself, but
   rather through licensees. Aside from Paul, who is very
   PR oriented, it is primarily a group of quite talented
   young programmers who are, while answering your letters,
   trying to come out with new versions of the code. 2) A group of us went over the First Virtual stuff in detail
   last night over fajitas, and were practically rolling on    the floor with laughter. Basically they have an attitude    of "Crypto is too hard, people won't want to use it." So
   instead, each transaction consists of an e-mail exchange
   which is converted ultimately into credit card transactions
   The exposure time for the merchant is on the order of _90    days_. All fraud, etc., is on the head of the merchant.
   The bottom line here is that FV has a system which is
   much more sluggish than the DigiCash system, even though
   it doesn't use "hard" crypto. It is far from anonymous, and
   the transactions are trivially reversible. This is actually
   a _design goal_ in their "Soylent Green", er, "Simple Green"
   proposed standard. It is completely inappropriate for hard
   goods of significant value, and its minimum transaction cost
   is high enough to rule out its applicability for very small
   transactions. Even if used for purely informational goods,
   if an undercapitalized info service becomes popular, it will
   sink beneath the waves while waiting for payment.
   As near as I can tell, FV's technology was developed by people
   who wanted to implement their pet philosophy about Internet    commerce (customer should examine info first, then commit to    paying, all transactions reversible, cryptography and anonymity    are bad, secure transactions are not possible on the net, etc.),
   rather than anything bordering on an Internet cash-like system.
   So, I ask, First Virtual is looking better and better for doing
   _what_?  Until they deal with the interface problem (get a decent
   client, rather than relying exclusively on e-mail), I think    they're not even going to be adequate for getting shareware-scale
   proceeds from putting up a cool Web page.

@_date: 1994-12-02 10:48:17
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
There have clearly been problems in communication and in expectation-setting. In particular, since DigiCash is not,
to the best of my knowledge, planning on entering the US$ cash <--> ecash business themselves (instead, using
licensees), it might have been a wise move for them to set expectations lower or to have taken steps to guarrantee at least a trial US$ cash <--> ecash gateway.
If you've used the DigiCash clients, you know that they make it
much, much easier to spend money than this e-mail confirmation
system. Since they don't use crypto (and instead rely on the
debatable assumption than an e-mail backchannel is secure, backed
up by extreme reversability). This is not to say that someone
couldn't remedy these problems along the same lines as DigiCash
without using blind signatures or licensing from Chaum, however.
FV may be more operational, although I'm curious if any transactions have managed to fully settle yet... yes, it is important for the operator of a US$ cash->ecash gateway to consider fraud and exposure, but the _protocol_ determines that e-cash transactions are non-reversible, like
putting coins into a vending machine. The gateway operator has to either
use non-reversible US$ inputs, or needs to determine an acceptable level
of exposure to reversible transactions.
The two systems are worlds apart in terms of where the risk is placed.
FV places the risk entirely on the vendor; DigiCash places the risk
entirely on the e-cash holder. Note that lots of people walk around with
credit cards, bills _and_ coins in their wallets, and use them for different things throughout the day. I don't think that things are going to be
that different on the net.
This is absolutely true, and will remain so until at least one
of Chaum's licensees becomes operational. I think that if people want try before you buy, it can be done
(easily) without building it into the payment protocol. I'm all for shareware, giving freebies so folks get hooked, and
so forth, but it seems odd to build a unconditional rejection into
the payment system, especially for products that can't be
returned in any meaningful sense.
I think that it is _vital_ to have e-mail and TCP/IP versions, don't get me wrong here! I _have_ read the web pages, and I
note that you still have to pop into your e-mail to approve the
purchase. This is an inherent flaw to the protocol, that there will be 2-3 user-side software components, instead of 1-2 with
FV: browsing software, paying software, confirming software
DC: browsing software, full payment software
I'm assuming that over time, the TCP/IP payment methods will be
integrated into browsing software, but FV will always be hampered
by the need to have something separate to handle the back-channel,
since they are religiously opposed to using signatures for validation (although you suggest some progress in this area).
You get paid (in ninety days), so great, use it today if you can
get your users to use it. Keep your eyes open for tomorrow. You may end up getting actually paid by another method before the
payments you receive today actually settle...

@_date: 1994-12-04 17:18:03
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: gambling machines 
The underlying problem is that in the DigiCash system money goes
through the shop into the bank, but there is currently no automatic
way for a shop to withdraw money (we might be able to hack one on
top of the text client, but haven't gotten around to it). So, what happens, is that the shop runs out of cash (or out of the right
size coins), even though it has a good-size bank balance. We've been trying to stay "cashed up", but interest in the poker game has been You are absolutely correct that various steps would need to be taken
in terms of error handling and dispute resolution if the e-cash was out of beta.
We are currently nicely cashed up, please try it again and see if
it is still not paying out (I'm stuck in a text-only environment at the moment.) Please send any error reports to me at: dab at tadpole.com

@_date: 1994-12-11 08:48:32
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: BofA+Netscape 
I'll throw in that from the perspective of someone running a server,
their approach of requesting all graphics simultaneously over different sockets in the name of client performance is disastrous. This causes most servers to fork N times more per page, where N is the avg. # of graphics.  Not that this shouldn't eventually be dealt with by some way to request the whole ball of wax in a single package, but some have speculated that this was done deliberately in order sabotage server software other than their own. (Their original business model, as I understand it, was to give clients away for
free and sell server software.)
Also, their flip-flops on what they plan to charge for, and what
will be free... for instance, they initially lead folks to believe that the client would be free, encouraging many to adopt it, only to find out that later versions would only be free for a narrowly drawn group of individuals. I have nothing against shareware/demoware, when it is
clearly labelled as such... this is just mildly slimy. I will say though, that their Windows version crashes substantially less than the NCSA one, which is increasingly my metric for stuff I
inflict on my users. Fortunately, there are a _lot_ of other commercial
options coming out that I can chose from on the basis of price,
performance, not crashing, trust in the developers' integrity, etc.

@_date: 1994-12-12 12:18:40
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Broadcasts - addressing 
I have been contemplating how to mark broadcast messages as being 'for' someone. To foil traffic analysis, you don't want to include their nym or key-id, for the sake of the your poor CPU, you want to avoid the need to attempt decryption on everything that passes through. My first thought on this is to standardize a way for marking messages with either the nym _or_ a one-time-address (a large random number). The sniffer would need to be loaded with lists of unused one-time-
addresses, which could be given out in blocks to correspondents. The
one-time-address method would obviously not work the first time you contacted a nym, but on further conversation it could significantly hamper traffic analysis and would also render the messages from X->Y unlinkable (if you were thinking of a "X's alias for Y is "
This is just a first-order brainstorm, I'm curious what others have
thought about this.
In order for there to be enough bandwidth to rival some of the really classic Usenet bandwidth hogs (e.g. alt.binaries.*), then there would
likely be enough interest and bandwidth to come up with something
that is less leveraged off of Usenet, or that mitigated the load.
Remember, there are people sending sound and video around the net, not to mention the huge amount spent to move .GIFs from hither to
yon. I think that you could make a case that experimenting with anonymous protocols is potentially a very worthwhile educational endeavor, possibly more so than some of the other common uses for
the net, and that it is, by comparison, relatively low-bandwidth.
I agree it can and should be expired quickly once the volume
becomes significant.

@_date: 1994-12-12 15:05:34
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Broadcasts - addressing 
Yes, but any set of messages sent under a particular key are linked for purposes of traffic analysis. You would need to hand
out (potentially) a key per message, or stacks of keys. At
which point, you're doing something very similar to what I suggested. I personally think that it would be easier to manage
fewer keys and use something very simple (like a large random
number) for message tagging, but this is just me.

@_date: 1994-12-12 16:34:24
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
"Kipp E.B. Hickman" says:
Ah, it doesn't work with existing proxies, so we have to pay
you. Whether it is your true motivation true or not, this apparent attempt to create a market for proprietary goods by disrupting standards is at the core of the bad odor that your company is giving off these days.
Not to mention the arrogance:
I'm the first one to agree that even the IETF _can be_ slow and cumbersome. But it is a far cry from typical standards bodies
(e.g. ITU, which I've had to deal with recently) in that it is
very easy to participate, the standards are freely available, and the process moves fairly rapidly, especially by comparison.
If you want to try to answer "what is the Internet?", more than
anything else it is a set of _standards_ for doing things in
a network of networks. When you declare standards changes by
fiat _without even an attempt_ to work with others (formally
or informally) you are going to irritate not just your competitors but your potential customer base (which I'm a part of.)
As a corporate culture, you folks from Netscape seem to project a sense of arrogance and disregard for the net culture that is
extremely irritating. And this is from someone who basically
_likes_ your product, and has happy users using it, although I've bumped up the priority of checking out the other commercial offerings in this area because of your arrogance and total disregard for even pro-forma cooperation with the standards process.
I'd also like to point out that, more often than not, attempts
to create proprietary "standards" by fiat don't work. To wit,
look at Microsoft's various attempts at networking.
This company has billions, and it ends up announcing, as a great
"innovation" that it is (finally) going to support TCP/IP in a
meaningful way, despite numerous abortive attempts at other
"standards". You point to some other technical areas where frustrated manufacturers split off and extended standards, but I think you'll find in almost every case that it was _after_ they had hit meaningful roadblocks with their proposed standard,
and that they worked dilligently to ensure compatability
amongst themselves and others offering the new level of
technology.  Given the history of your company, and the attitudes displayed here, I question whether this will happen with your hacks^H^H^H^H^Hextensions.

@_date: 1994-12-12 17:09:02
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
Rather than saying, "oh, our new 'standard' won't work with existing technology, so buy ours", you might say, "we will be
happy to work with the developers of existing proxies to make
necessary changes to be compatible with our product. Alternatively,
you could buy our proxy software which also has some additional
benefits of foo, bar and baz."  (Also, not every solution to
every Web security threat involves breaking existing proxies.)
But no, you blindly forge ahead, so full of yourself that you blissfully reinvent wheels (Perry), miss the real concerns of the users (Me), disrupt the marketplace (Amanda), and generally fail to think things through very well (Adam) or consider the work
of others (Perry).
Your three biggest problems are: arrogance, arrogance and If you were willing to _read_ and to go to an occasional meeting, or even send out a post, "Hey, I'm about to sink
the resources of this company into coming up with yet another
transport layer security protocol, anyone got one already?",
then you might get less hostility, or you might not get used
for target practice so often.

@_date: 1994-12-12 21:41:15
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Broadcasts - addressing 
Bill --
I think this is an interesting approach. I think there is a degree of linkability that is hard to shake, especially in the early, low
bandwidth days (and in the later, high-bandwidth days, the CPU
will get exercised in proportion to the extent the messages are
My thoughts on this continue to be in favor of distributing random
number "tokens" to your correspondents; your sniffer has all your unused but issued tokens and scans for them. I do like your approach for "initial contact", but the keyid size would need to be finely tuned.  It is also not clear if you want the sender to be able to set the keyid size, as this gives them the ability to create more work for you.
The downside to my approach is that it would require some support
from remailers and in the sniffers (has anyone written such a beast yet?), and a small, very simple program for generating packets of the tokens, accepting them, using them, and exporting
them to the sniffer.
Your approach could probably be implemented by the last remailer prior to news posting and a change to PGP. Frankly, I would like
to see a PGP encryption option that had no visible key id and decrypted based on a decryption key id specified on the command line. (But this has been suggested many times.)
All grist for the mill...

@_date: 1994-12-12 22:29:06
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: BofA+Netscape 
James --
You seem to be reacting to a number of deliberate
hot-button items in the projected mythos of Netscape.
1) Do you really think that Internet standards are
   set by "the big boys?" Get a grip. Windows _still_
   doesn't include a TCP/IP stack, which much be
   grafted on with some pain. Apple has done a better    job, but only recently started shipping machines    with it.
2) Internet standards are set by the participants in
   the internet. They move much more quickly than any
   other standards body I've had the (mis)fortune of
   dealing with, the standards are open and freely available,
   and free reference implementations are required.
   I cannot think of a more favorable set of circumstances
   for the "little guy."
3) NCOM, by not merely circumventing but COMPLETELY
   IGNORING the Internet standards setting process and
   adjunct development of reference implementations, has
   set forth to reinvent the wheel, and badly at that.
4) This is completely incidental to the way they have
   soiled the community nest for WWW development, which
   contains not only the "big boys", who can probably
   take this sort of thing on the chin without blinking,
   but also a horde of other "little guys," many of whom
   are even smaller than NCOM.
Doug [ who has never worked on anything "for the masses", unless
       the users of AIX or Non-Stop UX are "the masses" ]

@_date: 1994-12-12 23:24:29
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: What, exactly is elliptic encryption? 
Exponentiation-based ciphers such as Diffie-Hellman
use the fact that discrete logarithms are hard, but
modular exponentiation is easy. So we quickly x^y mod n (where n is prime)
But not:
log_x(x^y mod n) mod n
Think of the numbers between 0 and n-1 as a group that
work sort of like all Integers taken as a whole. Because
they do have many of these properties, this makes these
numbers an "abelian" group. So we can use some old properties
from arithmatic such as:
   (a * b * c) mod n  == (((a * b) mod n) * c) mod n
With an elliptic curve, such as y^2 = x^3 - x, you can define
a set of coordinates {,  ... } that are on
the curve, where all x and all y are in a group like we use
for Diffie-Hellman.
For the different isomorphisms of the curves, you can then
construct addition of coordinates, subtraction, multiplication
and division, such that the results are also points on the
curve. This makes this set of points an abelian group too. You can then do a Diffie Hellman analogue substituting
multiplication for exponentiation, and a El Gamal analogue
substituting multiplication for exponentiation and addition
for multiplication. I have just recently been researching this subject, but I can
provide some references tomorrow, if people are interested. I have found what appears to be an implementation of some of the artithmatic in a package called "pari", but  I haven't had a chance to look at it closely. There are no p.d. elliptic curve
_cryptography_ implementations that I'm aware of, which is something I'd like to see change... :-) There is an IEEE group working on a proposed standard at the moment; I need to get back to my contact with them to find out where they are at now.
Most of the work in this area is being done by smart card people, because ec's seem to give you more bang for your buck in terms of modulus size, etc.
Hope this helps.

@_date: 1994-12-12 23:50:25
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Broadcasts - addressing 
Let's say that agent-in-place X posts to his controller whenever
something of political significance happens in Foobarvia. A clever
traffic analyst will notice that a certain key posts to alt.anonymous
(or contributes to the pool, whatever it is) whenever something big happens in Foobarvia. Conclusions can be drawn -- there is a PGP-using spy in Foobarvia! By carefully limiting access to news tidbits, they
can use process of elimination to find the spy. (In reality, it could be much more mundane -- every time Peggy Sue tells Mary Beth a secret, there is a post by the same keyid, etc.)
However, if you use a public-key encryption scheme that doesn't store
the key-id on the outside of the packet (or store it at all), then you
are at liberty to identify the packets for decryption by the target
recipient however you want. I've suggested an approach using tokens,
which make all the messages from agent-in-place X unlinkable to one
another (thus hindering the detection of the aforementioned pattern),
while still allowing the recipient to sniff for them efficiently.
Clearly this involves using something other than vanilla PGP, or
running some post- and pre- processing to delete and then add back
in the key-id. The mandatory external presence of the key-id has
always been less than optimal, IMHO.

@_date: 1994-12-13 15:06:02
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Elliptic crypto is patented 
Is the FEE patent on some tweaking of it, or are they claiming anything using ECs for crypto? (Esp. DH and ElGamal analogue)?
PKP claims all public key, but: a) Vanilla El Gamal crypto is covered, tenuously at best, by their    Diffie-Hellman patent, which some consider to be contestable based    on publication more than a year before filing. The DH patent    expires in a few years as well.
b) EC-based El Gamal is ever farther from DH and vanilla El Gamal
   (since it uses different math). It is even less likely to be
   held to infringe.
PKP's overall claim to public key cryptography may also be
weakened by several different outcomes to the current round
of lawsuits.
One thing that is _not_ likely to be weakened is their claim on
RSA. Therefore, if you're not interested in supporting PKP's
attempt to make their strongest patent the centerpiece of various Internet standards, working towards EC encryption is a
Good Thing.

@_date: 1994-12-15 15:24:23
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
I actuallly sympathize with Tim's position and Eric's
earlier comments about adopting tools as as function of
ROI. I often experience somethign similar wiht "potentially faster but non-deterministic time solutions," vs. "probably slower but deterministic time solutions." That said, I think that MIME, for all its implementation
difficulties, is going to be an attractor, if for no other reason that the fact that there is an increasing demand for _something_ to encapsulate all the divergent stuff that people want to push and pull across the net, and MIME is the standard for doing this. For instance, it is used to encasulate html, and some advocate an expansion of its use in conjunction with the web. [Note that this does not make the various cock-ups that can occur in conjuction with its expanding use in e-mail any less I'm also curious what James is using on his Sun, as Sun's mailtool (at least the version I have) is pre-MIME, but MIME-ish, and can choke in amusing ways on MIME messages.

@_date: 1995-01-03 09:16:13
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: HACK - EFH Presents Free PGP Encryption Workshop (fwd) 
Yes, many of the EFH founders have participated in EFF-Austin events.
Steve Ryan, one of the EFH founders, spoke last week at HoHoCon (as did myself, Jim McCoy and Jeremy Porter.)
I think the program is an excellent idea, and will be getting feedback
from attendees with an eye to doing something similar here

@_date: 1995-01-04 06:26:22
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Siegel and Lewis 
Why is it that so many cypherpunks like the economist?
I learned recently that Eric is a big fan. So am I. You're certainly not the first other cypherpunk to mention this. Weird. I mean, it's
not exactly a radical publication... it just gets its *& facts
right. Probably this is it.

@_date: 1995-01-04 15:21:02
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Remailer Abuse 
The problem with a _free_ remailer is obvious -- like many
other Internet resources, it can suffer from the tragedy of
the commons. Even a negligible fee would do much to prevent gross remailer
abuse. It may not be feasible to make remailers in to an
industry, but this isn't the point -- it will keep the utterly
lame from using it for pranks and their ilk.

@_date: 1995-01-04 20:52:46
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Remailer Abuse 
Heh. An anonymous remailer paid for by credit card... there'd
have to be an additional level of indirection for it to work,
which would make the methods for tracking those who don't pay
quite problematic.
Also, most remailer abuse tends to be of the hit-and-run variety,
which is still nicely enabled by FV.
Anonymous remailers pretty much require anonymous digital cash,
although this could be built on top of some other electronic
payment system with somewhat less payment lag and reversability than FV.

@_date: 1995-01-04 20:58:12
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Remailer Abuse 
I like both this idea and this particular service. I didn't mean to
imply that nobody was charging/reducing spam.

@_date: 1995-01-05 13:03:52
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Remailer postage 
I strongly agree with Tim that one should not look
down at for-profit anonymizing services. This is the
_only_ way I see to establish and maintain reliable
service and avoid spamming and denial of service.
It's also the only way such a service can scale if it becomes suddenly popular -- if there's no increased
revenue, it's going to be harder to get more h/w and
Even if one had a heart of gold and purely charitable
instincts, one would eventually come to the conclusion
that such a service operates better if users are paying for it. And this is even before we address matters
like the benefits of competition.

@_date: 1995-01-09 14:34:50
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: for-pay remailers and FV 
Sandy --
I for one read your proposal and thought, "yep, that's how it
should work" and considered the problem solved. Not being a
remailer operator (yet) I didn't want to get involved until I
was or I had a more concrete proposal (e.g., "I am now accepting
$$ for E-stamps, of the form ...")
Also, there is no reason on earth to take FV for payment under
such a scheme, if one wishes to preserve anonymity, and not have
to deal with the fraud/reversal factors. (The stamp issuer would not know which blind-signed stamps were issued to the
turkey who reversed all his credit card transactions two months after buying them -- see various threads on this vis-a-vis
using FV to buy blinded digital cash and why it won't work too
However, for maximum anonymity, said consortium or other stamp issuer could easily accept money orders through the mail, with a disk with enclosed blind-signed tokens and the public key to be used in encrypting the stamps, which would be posted to, say, alt.anonymous.messages or whatever.
A little overboard for most, but effective at preserving
anonymity -- the stamp issuer could be the NSA, and it would
make little difference as long as they continued exchanging
$$ for stamps and redeeming stamps for $$. The stamp issuer
could also take checks, or, if the fraud and reversability of credit cards were factored in, accept credit cards directly
(possibly e-mailed using PGP.)  I don't see any reason to get FV involved, unless one were so lame as to be unable to get signed up directly with the credit card companies as a merchant -- a process of appropriate complexity
to indicate the posession of at least one (1) clue, which is prob.
desirable in someone who's going to be handling remailer finances
