
@_date: 2012-05-31 19:19:43
@_author: Martin 
@_subject: [HacDC:Byzantium] A new radio protocol for the mesh network? 
Cognitive radio has existed as vaporware for more than a decade -
I think there's going to be a lot of resistance from those with big
investments in licenses and equipment.

@_date: 2013-01-31 16:16:42
@_author: Martin 
@_subject: [HacDC:Byzantium] Re: ello! from irc this "morning" 
Sorry for the late reply - been off grid for a bit.
I'm one of the hams at HacDC.  I've been following the discussion of
alternative radio systems to increase range and think there are interesting
projects outside the scope of Byzantium - overlaying Byzantium on a
different radio system or bridging disparate Byzantium clouds with a
different radio system.
I'm not sure that GSM is a good direction as it depends on cell providers
infrastructure.  There's a bunch of new high speed radio modem technology
beyond GSM technology and most modem processing can be done with a PC or
cell phone, etc.  Using SDR just for the radio part might be a way to go.
There are cheap Chinese ham radios out there, so that might be a cheaper
route depending what frequency is used.
As discussed the lower the frequency the better the range and penetration
but smaller bandwidth and data-rate. The HF ham bands are orientated around
3 KHz SSB or 7KHz AM channels that are typically operated up to 1,200 BPS
though with sufficient signal/noise ratio it's possible to achieve much
higher data rates.
I think VHF might be the sweet spot if you go ham.  With the right antenna
and enough power VHF will propagate much further than WiFi in any setting.
 The VHF ham bands have 25 KHz bandwidth FM  channels with higher data
rates possible over HF (typically 9,600 bps - more is possible).  There are
50W mobile units for ~$200.  I got mine used for $75.
Beyond ham there is the 900 MHz/1 watt max power ISM band .  This
is probably too expensive a route but doesn't require a license and would
still outperform WiFi.
New radio technology can push the legal limits of FCC regulations.  It is
possible to get either an experimental license or waiver or even rules
change from the FCC.  Some of the FRS regs (95.193.b.2) were changed as the
result of Garmin lobbying to allow for text/position locating features for
their products, for example.   There's also a push for self-regulation of
amateur radio within the FCC allocations.
FWIW the ham community has developed ax.25 packet bbs over radio systems
for decades.  There's probably some good ideas out there.  The Montgomery
County ARC mesh experimenters have been running HSMM-Mesh in the UHF ham
band using these radios:
My $0.02.
Martin KB3UJQ
