
@_date: 1994-08-26 18:38:12
@_author: Dr. D.C. Williams 
@_subject: Online cash, Internet, Pizza Hut 
I heard that they take orders at a central location, then a human phones
the PH closest to the customer and relays the order verbally. From my
experiences with PH, "real-time" to them is sometime that week.
It's just a high-tech way to have some low-paid drone screw up your
pizza order for you. More road kill on the ISH . . . thin crust, please.
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-07-04 08:18:47
@_author: D.C. Williams 
@_subject: Pass Phrases 
Really? How about
  THQEBAFEJLOSTELHDE
Maybe it's not really an effective mnemonic after all? Somebody's .sig file
says "one man's mnemonic is another man's crypto." Can you really type this
from memory using the key phrases without writing them down?
(Based on your first attempt, some would say "apparently not".)  ;-)
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-07-04 10:17:12
@_author: D.C. Williams 
@_subject: Pass Phrases 
Not exactly. Note the extra >>. Mine was a reply to the original
post, where the original proposal/question was offered.
I disavow any credit for the pass phrase mnemonic proposed by Joseph
Block. I only pointed how difficult it apparently is to use.
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-07-09 15:22:14
@_author: D.C. Williams 
@_subject: As long as we're voting, 
. . . I concur. Pointers are preferable. =D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-07-09 16:03:12
@_author: D.C. Williams 
@_subject: As long as we're voting, 
Agreed. Let's not be too quick to condemn those who offer material of
interest in any form. We're quibbling over format, but provided that
it's not C&S e-spam and is crypto related, the sentiment is good. My
thanks to those who take the time and effort to alert others to material
of interest. My only request is that they be as judicious as possible
and forward or post only those tidbits that can't be readily obtained
elsewhere. If someone else can't get it for themselves, other c'punks
are usually very helpful w/ email forwards (I've done this for others a few times myself). =D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-07-13 20:57:38
@_author: D.C. Williams 
@_subject: PGP bastardization (fwd) 
The way I read it, he was concerned about including the hacked versions
under the "PGP" banner. With this, I agree. PGP and prz will always
be inseparable, and I sure wouldn't want someone to take something of
mine, change it into something I didn't like, and keep my name on it.
As a matter of respect and decency for anyone's work (and especially
prz's), a separate and distinct identity should accompany the changes.
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-07-15 01:24:14
@_author: D.C. Williams 
@_subject: Where do Extropians live? 
I'd appreciate a pointer to the extropians-request address (email
or post at your discretion). TIA.
=D.C. Williams
 dcwill at ee.unr.edu

@_date: 1994-05-06 14:47:52
@_author: D.C. Williams 
@_subject: R the best policy 
You play directly into his hands with this. Attention is what he craves.
The First Amendment might give him the right to blather on, but it
doesn't require anybody to listen to him. If we ignore him, he'll lose
interest and migrate to alt.flame.

@_date: 1994-05-11 11:37:14
@_author: D.C. Williams 
@_subject: From Todays` RISKS column 
A9: Gee . . . I dunno. Doesn't Hillary have them? A10: Last time I saw them, they were in Vince Foster's office . . .
A11: Call the Rose Law Firm. They're my lawyers.
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-09-27 14:25:48
@_author: Dr. D.C. Williams 
@_subject: Mandatory email verification 
Is anyone aware of a way to modify sendmail to require a verified digital
signature for all mail sent? This subject came up after a discussion
of the possible repercussions of forged email through port 25.
Even a good PGP user can't use manual encryption on a message-by-
message basis as a defense for false mail attribution. For example,
someone forges a defamatory message and signs your name to it. The
recipient brings it to public attention and you try to claim "it doesn't
have my PGP sig, therefore I didn't send it". The obvious counter is that
you purposely failed to sign it to preserve your plausible deniability.
The only way this would work is if the system you're on won't accept
mail unless accompanied by a digital signature, which would allow the
user to claim innocence if it wasn't his sig. The mailer would also have
to check the sig to ensure that it belongs to an authorized user on the
system to prevent people from creating one-time keys just to appease the
mailer and prevent their real sig from being used. Running this version
of "SIGmail" (<-- note flashy new marketing name) on your system would
seem to be a reasonable defense against claims of false attribution.
Has anyone done any work along these lines? Is there an obvious fault
with a system which would operate in this manner?
Please don't misconstrue this as an attack on anon mail, which obviously
needs to be preserved. What I'm interested in avoiding is mail forged
with another user's name. All that's required to do a convincing job now
is an account on the user's home system and some knowledge of ESMTP. Seems
to me like this is a potential disaster waiting to happen.
Maybe the H.E.A.T. crew can solve this one . . . Fabio, we need you!
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-09-28 06:34:03
@_author: Dr. D.C. Williams 
@_subject: Mandatory email verification 
I'm now working on a system (internal to each machine) which checks
any mail to be sent for a signature (affixed by a mail front-end or
by the user if he prefers to use the raw mail interface). This sig
is produced by a key created my the system administrator solely for
the purpose of verifying mail authenticity - any user who wants more
security is still free to generate a separate key pair for encryption
purposes. All that would be required is to sign the cyphertext with the
"mail key" after encryption with whatever other key(s) the user wished
to use. The mail sig has to be the last signature affixed to the message
if it's to be stripped before sending (see below).
The problem of key pass phrases is one I hadn't thought of yet. Remember that the "mail key" pair is not intended for any purpose
beyond mail authentication. What if the private keys are stored in
separate directories with rwx permissions for the individual user
only? The keyring could be accessed by a mail program run by that user
but not by anyone else (except uid 0), which is as secure as any UNIX
system can hope for. Remember that uid 0 made the keys in the first place!
The script which adds the sig wouldn't need a unique passphrase to sign with
the "mail key". Of course, users' own private keys used for encryption
would be protected in whatever manner they see fit, although (as beaten
to death in another thread) keeping private keys on public machines is
often a risky proposition.
Once the system has verified that the mail submitted for transmittal does
indeed have a valid sig, the sig could be stripped before sending. This
would have absolutely no impact on other systems' mail, because all of
the "sig, verify, strip" processes are confined to the user's machine. In
fact, the mail recipient wouldn't even know this had occurred, ensuring
proper use with remailers.
All this system does is provide some reasonable protection for users against
mail forgery originating from their own machine. My experiments with
port 25 show that a telnet connection from a remote machine to port 25
causes the remote machine's address to appear in the ESMTP headers. However,
mail sent from a local connection to port 25 can't be readily distinguished
from mail sent via "normal" mail programs (mail, elm, pine, etc.). On the
systems I've examined, I can enter a user's login through port 25 and sendmail
will affix his real identity from /etc/passwd just as though that user had
sent the mail. For instance, a user can forge mail from root on their own
machine. I don't know about you, but that's something that concerns me.
It's entirely possible that someone impersonating root could send email to
a user to change his password as a "system test", giving the bad guy access
to someone else's account. Admittedly, this is a pretty benign example, but
the potential for real damage is there.
It might well be that I'm overly concerned with something that really isn't
a problem. However, the more I think about possible acts of "e-terrorism"
which can be caused by convincingly forged email, the more concerned I become. If everybody knew how insecure mail really is and afforded it the
proper amount of suspicion and distrust, this wouldn't be much of a problem
(I don't know anybody who believes that "for a good time, call 555-XXXX"
messages written in bathroom stalls were put there by the person who belongs
to that phone number). However, I sense that many well meaning but largely
uninformed people seem to think that email is secure, private, and inviolable.
Given that level of trust, the possible consequences which might flow from
convincingly forged email are significant. It's probably easier to fix the
mail than attempt to educate the public, although I might well be wrong in
that assessment.
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-09-29 20:15:48
@_author: Dr. D.C. Williams 
@_subject: PGP hole 
FWIW, it seems that a hole has been discovered in PGP 2.6.1, 2.7, 2.6,
2.3a, and most likely earlier versions as well. Apparently, it is possible
to insert cleartext within a signed message and still receive a good sig
message upon verification. Interested parties are referred to alt.security.
pgp for a rather lengthy thread on this subject. I haven't seen anything
on the cp list yet and thought those who don't read news regularly might
find this information to be useful. I can forward the entire thread via
email upon request.
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1994-09-29 20:42:46
@_author: Dr. D.C. Williams 
@_subject: PGP hole 
The whole thread is much too long to post (and besides, it has nothing to
do with bikinis or Fabio  ;-) ). The gist of the problem seems to be
that a signed cleartext message can be altered by adding spoofed text
right after the BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE line. If the spoofed text is
separated from the original text by a blank line or even a tab, PGP
reports that the signature is good in spite of the added text.
Apparently, the output file is a faithful version of the
original message, but users who don't check that file might believe that the spoofed text was a part of the original message. I have
not personally tried this yet, but the thread is full of comments
from people who have, including some people who originally didn't
believe it but later confirmed the existence of the problem themselves.
The bug seems to be present in all versions (even the ViaCrypt versions
have this problem). It has been reported as a bug to the MIT pgp-keepers.
Caveat emptor.
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1995-01-17 21:56:41
@_author: Dr. D.C. Williams 
@_subject: Key backup (was: How do I know . ..) 
'Stig' was reported to have written:
The "spread spectrum" approach might well be indicated for some life-or-
death key security matters, but the vast majority of PGP users probably
don't need or want to play Spy vs. Spy with their friends to backup keys.
There must be a more reasonable way to backup non-critical keys. Magnetic
media is much more reliable than it used to be, and less reliable than it
will soon be, but it's still vulnerable to phenomena such as EMP. Friends
are vulnerable to death and disagreements which may end their willingness
to participate in the reconstruction of your key.
I recognize that you can't just leave your private keyring lying around
indiscriminately (especially if it's labeled "PGP private keyring"), but
what's to prevent it from being reproduced in some kind of hard copy form
(barcode? ASCII?) on some durable stock (credit card plastic?) and tucked
away someplace especially safe? A credit card (postage stamp?) sized flat
item is pretty easy to hide, especially if it's real function isn't obvious.
I guarantee you that I can hide such an object in my home, tell you it's
here somewhere, and watch you die of old age before you and a small armada
of your henchmen can find it.
If it's still "passphrase-protected", an attacker would a) have to know
what to look for, b) have to find it, and c) obtain the passphrase. A
"brute force" physical attack (ie: machine seizure and thumbscrews) or
TEMPEST-based attack would, IMO, be less effort on the part of the
attacker and is therefore the practical limit on private keyring security.
Explanations as to why this would be a Bad Idea are actively solicited.
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1995-01-18 09:49:27
@_author: Dr. D.C. Williams 
@_subject: Key backup (was: How do I know . ..) 
'Eric Hughes' was reported to have written:
Even when such a system becomes available, I don't think that it will
obviate the need for relatively secure on-site storage. Banks and safe
deposit boxes haven't completely precluded the demand for safes at home.
Many people don't trust banks. Fewer will completely trust cypherbanks
and distributed.net.storage systems.
Safe deposit boxes, by virtue of their accessibility to law enforcement,
are subject to search and seizure under court order and are sealed
in certain cases (probate). This makes them likely to be the first place
to look when the Feds decide that we can't have keys anymore. Personally speaking, I'll take my chances with secure "on-site" storage, even if I choose a location other than my own home or business. If barcoding is our example, what's to prevent it from being printed
in a format selected by the user? Printing on a small paper/plastic
label and affixng it (in whole or in parts) to other objects effectively
disguises it as a UPC label. You would have to know which labels are
a part of a keyring for them to have any significance. Even George
Bush now knows that every commercial product has a UPC on it somewhere.
Many stores add their own UPC sticker to merchandise for inventory
control purposes. Break a keyring into 4 or 5 pieces (whatever it takes
to make each piece comparable in size and appearance to the standard UPC
label), stick them on selected objects, and let someone who knows what
they're looking for try and reconstruct your keyring from the universe of
combinations of UPC labels found around your home. With an unknown number
of parts, this seems like a practically insurmountable problem. This becomes a stego problem as well as a key decryption problem.
With barcoding as the standard, another person prints his key on a small
unmarked card and hides it somewhere deemed to be secure by him. The
UPC-label attack fails because his keyring isn't disguised as UPC product
labels. How does the attacker know what to look for?
True Paranoids could devise some sort of "invisible ink" method,
requiring UV or heat exposure before the barcode becomes visible.
Now your backup key looks like a blank sheet of paper. ;-)
My point is that with a regular barcode-generation program and a laser
printer, an infinite number of formats and combinations can be created
by individual users to suit their needs. You can print an 8.5 x 11 sheet
with the title "PGP secret keyring" and put it in a frame hung on the
wall, or you can print a bunch of split key pseudo-UPC labels and put one on the back of the frame to disguise it as the manufacturer's product label.
One method is secure and the other is not, but the specifics are left
to the user because the method is sufficiently flexible to allow a number
of formats. I contend that anyone capable of running PGP properly is
also capable of using a barcode printing program without difficulty
(check out the back of PC Magazine). All that would need to be written
is a short routine to convert the encrypted keyring into a format
suitable as input for a program of this nature. Heck, there's probably
a PD barcode program out there already.
My question to the respected elders of this list is "how or why is
this type of key backup system insecure, if it is in fact insecure?"
=D.C. Williams

@_date: 1995-01-18 15:53:40
@_author: Dr. D.C. Williams 
@_subject: Key backup (was: How do I know . ..) 
'Adam Shostack' was reported to have written:
Exactly. If the intention is to keep them out in the open, then
making labels which resemble UPCs is preferred. However, if I'm
going to dig a hole in the ground at a secret location and bury my
barcoded key in a special container, a different format might be
I'll do that, but I think you might be intermixing ideas. Pseudo-UPCs in
invisible ink wouldn't be a good combination. Pseudo-UPCs should probably be printed exactly like normal UPCs. If you want the "invisible
ink" process, it should probably blend into the ambient environment as
much as possible. Even if "they" know you're using secret ink, don't "they"
have to find the printed key first? How much work is required to check
every page of every book and every sheet of paper you might have access
to? You could mail your key anywhere in the world invisibly printed on the outside of an envelope. Better yet, send someone a special document
(wedding announcement, legal document, 21st birthday card, whatever;
the important part is to send something that the recipient will keep)
with your keyring invisibly printed on it. Variations on this theme (there are many) are encouraged. Have a friend
check out a library book and let you stamp your key somewhere inside. It's
the number of possible variations that make this seemingly impossible to
attack. Apologies if this "secret ink" stuff is way off base  ;-) .
Most people (myself included) would opt for the "split and
disguise" or "hidden/buried" key schemes where secret ink wouldn't add
much security.
The idea was to use something other than magnetic media. A new and
different optical encoding method could be devised to hide a key in a halftone, but the barcode example was offered as one possibility using
an existing standard. The basis for this thread was the perceived need
for a relatively simple key backup system that didn't require the active
participation of a whole hoard of people.
=D.C. Williams
