
@_date: 1997-07-21 19:16:00
@_author: Decius 6i5 
@_subject: geodesic -- FPGAs 
I've been reading the Geodesic systems thread with much interest... I've
been playing around with FPGAs recently, Field Programmable Gate Arrays,
which list members should be familiar with due to discussions concerning
cheap hardware crypto. Why not replace your entire architecture with
reconfigurable hardware? This is sort of like Java turned upside down.
Instead of having generalized code running on a specialized "virtual
machine." (Which is inefficient as hell) Why not ship the architecture
your program runs on along with the program. Liquid architecture. If the
FPGA's are standardized (not likely, but..) you could run whatever kind of
software you wanted and the architecture would automatically reconfigure
to run the code and would be optimized for your application. There are
some challenges with muti-tasking but I think you could manage the
gate-space like you do memory. Web searches on FGPAs will bring you to
research being done on this sort of thing...

@_date: 1997-05-23 12:50:03
@_author: Decius 6i5 
@_subject: New Chip Verifies Fingerprints (fwd) 
I am mailing this to cypherpunks and BCCing the original list because it
is not nearly as open. I am putting on my cypherpunk hat here, and
although this is not a general discussion list I think this warrants
comment. (I would also like to see what the cypherpunks have to say.)
Eric Hughes said that "Cryptography is about economics."
When I am designing a system, I weigh the cost of securing the system
verses the expected loss that will be incurred if the system is not
secure. The cellular phone industry decided that it would cost them more
to secure their system than it would to swallow the losses. They were
wrong, but I will not digress into that. The point here is clear. Security
is an economic choice. It is a business decision. Furthermore, if I decide
to secure a system, I need only use enough security such that the cost to
break that security is equal to the value of that which is being secured.
Any additional security is a waste of money. When I am breaking a system I will always attack the weakest link (unless
I am doing this for intellectual challenge but that is not really the
point here). This is obvious. Lets take a look at a sample Biometric
security system: Fingerprints are used to replace the pin codes on an ATM.
I am being very general here, but there are four main peices to this
system. The banking network itself, which is DES encrypted, the ATM,
the biometric system and the human being. Note the contrast with a
non-biometric system, which consists of the network, the ATM, and
a pin code. Biometrics pull the human into the equation. Cracking DES would cost more than a million dollars. I can't put a value on cracking the ATM, but they are designed to be
difficult to open up and most are in places where they are very visible,
so the cost is very high. I have not seen anyone present a method for attacking a biometric security
device. If you assume that you will have to develop one you are again
talking about millions. How about "cracking" the human... How much does a good sturdy knife cost?
Less than $20.
If I get mugged and the mugger wants access to my bank account all he has
to do is chop off the relevant finger. Don't laugh. This *WILL* happen.
Biometrics create an general economic incentive for maiming or murdering
people.    I will take you one further... *When you implement a biometric system you
are deciding that the value of that which is being protected is greater
than the value of the lives of the people who have access to it.*
This is obvious if you look at the trade-offs. You are securing the system
such that the easiest way to break it is to kill a person. Obviously this
will reduce your instances of fraud, as killing a person is more messy
then hacking a pin code. However, because the cost of killing someone is
smaller than the value of the object being protected, there are going to
be losses. You have to decide that you are capable of swallowing those
losses. You have to decide that the value of the decrease in fraud over
a non-biometric system is greater than that of the lives of the people who
are lost when fraud does occur. This is a despicable situation, but don't
think you won't see it. It is probably inevitable now. One additional point. The possibilities for surveilance inherent in
biometrics are fearsome. If I managed to compile a large database of
people's names, social security numbers, and face prints; I could set up a
closed circuit camera system in my store which would provide me with the
name, home address, credit, and other information about every person who
enters my business, AUTOMATICALLY, without the customers even being
cognisant that this is going on. The marketing people will be going nutz
over this possibility. I'm going to the drug store for some Pepto...

@_date: 1997-09-26 09:11:12
@_author: Decius 6i5 
@_subject: Plea for help from IRS; Liberty? 
Although your attempts to free your children from the database
establishment are admirable, please do not confuse your fight with the
government over who has the "right" to >CONTROL< your children with a
fight for "liberty." If your children decided they did not want to live
in your house anymore, I'm sure you'd have the police round them up. If
you were truely concerned with liberty, you'd be concerned with your
CHILDRENS' liberty... And if so I doubt you'd have made the following
statement:  I am going to jump to the conclusion here that you have neither read this
treaty nor do you have the slightest clue what it says or what it means. I might be wrong about that, but then you might wish to explain where
"monitoring" and "enforcement" and Social Security Numbers fall into what
is basically a restatement of the American Bill of Rights with the express
demand that these rights be extended to minors. The United States is one of the few countries in the western world that
hasn't signed it? Why? Due to numerous complex generational, economic, and
political issues it has become extremely popular to blame the problems of
the world on fanciful "youth predators." As a result, minors in the United
States may be tried as adults in court, despite the fact they they cannot
even gain standing in court and press charges themselves. They may be
executed as an adult, but they may not vote as one. (Incidentally, the
American practice of executing minors is extremely rare internationally
and is one of the big reasons why this country remains on Humanity
International's bad guy list along side places where slavery is legal.) Minors have very little right to freedom of speech and thought. Minors
have no right to privacy.
If the US signed this treaty they would have to remove the metal detectors
from the schools, they would have to stop requiring that children carry
see-through bags, they would have to allow children the right to express
their beleifs, they would have to stop enforcing "anti-gang" curfew laws
and loitering laws (which are far more common in peaceful suburban
communities than in places that actually have problems with youth
violence), and worst of all, they would have to allow children to file
lawsuits against abusive parents. (Those who follow internet politics
might wish to note that at the same time the Christian Coallition was
screaming "protect the children from internet porn" they were also, more
quitely, protesting state's ability to interfere in cases of child
abuse... this is considered pro-family.) Although I no longer have to endure the numerous restrictions that the
government places on minors, I am not yet old enough to have forgotten
what it feels like to be treated like a criminal because of an arbitrary
number overwhich I have no control, and ultimately because of a newspaper
editor's profit motive. Have you ever been arrested simply because you
chose to take a walk during an unapproved time of day?
Although I do agree that the government should not have the ability to
control how you raise your children; I feel that these "restrictions"
cannot be lifted until children have the ability to fight back, or leave,
when serious problems arise. The Christian Coallition would have us return
to the days of Victorian "values" where child and spousal abuse were so
common place that they were considered normal activity and protected by
law. So I ask you not to confuse what you are doing with a fight for
liberty. Liberty is not about your rights. Liberty is about everyone's
rights.

@_date: 1998-04-25 16:40:26
@_author: Decius 6i5 
@_subject: Surveillance of police raids... 
These sort of "dynamic entries" and other cases of clearly burtal behavior
by the police are fearsome indeed. They also appear to be a problem the
public is very unhappy about... Rodney King riots to the public reaction
to Waco and similar incidents. It is obvious that if you hire a bunch of
people for an adrenaline intensive job where they will be taking down "bag
guys" with machine guns they are going to be difficult to keep in line. These aren't lawyers or philosophers. Its not the right/wrong for these
people but the thrill of the hunt.
However, I don't beleive I've seen any evidence that "keeping loaded and
ready semiautomatic rifles" is an effective response. Most people who
"fight back" seem to be killed quickley or (rarely) they get involved in
long standoffs which often end in death. Eitherway, if you do make it out
alive you will likely have racked enough charges against you in the
process of defending yourself that the original legal issue pales by
comparison. Do you know of anyone who has stood up to police raiders and
WON?   The majority of cases that I have seen where abusive police "got theirs"
occured in a court room and not a "compound." The Steve Jackson Games
decision put a pre-emptive stop to a lot of unreasonable searches... It
doesn't really matter if the Secret Service understands *WHY* it was in
the wrong. What matters is that police agencies are aware that they can't
walk into a house and take everything with a plug on the premise that they
are investigating computer crime. Like it or not...
Now the issue of police lieing about a raid in court is at hand, and this
brings an interesting twist here for privacy advocates. Video surveillance
is an effective weapon against police brutality. Thats a fact. Many police
agencies have taken to installing "tamper proof" cameras in patrol cars.
These are effective in court when the cops are in "the right."
(Philisophical arguments about anarchy vs. democracy notwithstanding...)
They are also quite effective when the cops are in the wrong. One officer
in Atlanta was stupid enough to engage in an unprovocted beating of a
suspect right in from of his own camera. He's out of a job now.
One could imagine a CCTV system in a home with an easily accessable switch
which engages it. And X-10 remote is handy and could be programmed to do
this. The cameras could be designed to be unobtrusive. For real security
the video data would need to be streamed (over the net?) to a remote site
for storage and the system must be difficult to shut down under duress
without evidence of such coersion being saved. Audio data could also be saved. The nice thing about this is that the surveillance is in the
control of the home owner.  Problem with surveillance is that its a weapon. I don't want to be
surveilled. However, I might wish to surveil others for my protection as
in the above example.          general public places. Especially in the hands of the government rather
than store owners. Crytography can protect you from phone taps, but what
can protect you from a network of digital cameras connected to face
recognition software? Thats the direction I see this overall issue
heading. One can envision a future in which all your online dealings can
be extremely secure and anonymized by virtue of crypto, but your
movements in the physical world are tightly monitored by automated video
processing systems...
