
@_date: 1996-02-07 05:59:52
@_author: Decius 
@_subject: Why am I wrong? 
I should have been more specific, I was thinking about Louis Freeh, et all...
I don't agree. The theory of natural law is basically that when people come together to form a society and create a government, they enter into
a social contract. If a member of the society breaks the contract (by, say, blowing someone's brains out) that member has breached the contract and
can be punished by the government. Similarily, when the government breaks the contract (by say, killing off an ethnic minority, or maybe banning indecent speech) the government has breached the contract and the government may be destroyed. To say that the law is always right because it
is the law, is to defend ethnic cleansing, book burning, detention camps, taxation without representation, slavery, and all the other evils governments have done, while condeming those who would free slaves or fight in revolutionary wars. Making something a LAW does not make it right. Agreed. Though we must fight to preserve it. Read the fourth amendment. :)
Most legal limitations (outside of indecency/obsenity) on speech are concerned not with the speech itself, but when speech becomes an action.
Yelling fire in a crowded theater is NOT A CRIME. Insiting a riot in which hundreds are killed, just for the hell of it, is a crime. (Just clarifying)
A good point, but I don't know if those who want to ban crypto will think about it that way. They will assume that it will be obvious who is using crypto and who is not. They will leave it to the courts to determine what is crypto and what is not. Obviously they are wrong, but thats not gunna stop them from enacting laws. Of course, as another person responding to my post pointed out, *good* stenography cannot be identified, so laws are not gunna stop people from encrypting, it will just make it kinda difficult to get away with.

@_date: 1996-02-07 06:06:36
@_author: Decius 
@_subject: Why am I wrong? 
I am posting this pondering to cypherpunks in hopes that it will be refuted.
Although these ideas are obviously in opposition to those held by Denning and the law enforcement community, they are also in opposition to
those held by the Cypherpunks. This idea is bothering me because I cannot refute it, although it goes in opposition to many people whom I respect greatly. Please tell me why I am wrong about this. (Sorry for the US-centric
perspective, but I think the arguments here apply regardless of what your
system of government may be.)
         	            Crypto-Absolutism
cryptography is the fact that both sides of the issue hold absolute beliefs.
They are unwilling to compromise, and often seem unwilling to decide on a solution which is anything but a total win for their side.
Many of those who are opposed to cryptography have proposed what they claim is a compromise, when in reality these suggestions often change the issues instead of addressing them. However, in all conflicts there is a middle ground. The answer to the whole crypto debate may be in finding it. Nothing ever works in absolutes.
This group is totally opposed to the concept of public access to cryptography. Although they claim this to be false, the reality is that these people think its ok for anyone to keep a secret, as long as no one is keeping secrets from them. This belief is founded upon the principle  that the law is absolute. They believe that the law is always right and always good. As Jim Kallstrom, assistant FBI director, put it, "unless you're a criminal, you have nothing to fear from the government." However, history has proven this philosophy to be totally flawed, time after time after time. The law is often very wrong, and even our lofty
constitutional values do not prevent bad laws. When the law is wrong, the law's enforcer is the criminal. That is the definition of natural law, the philosophy upon which our system of government is based. People MUST have the right to dissent. People must have the right to oppose bad laws, and in many cases people must have the capability to violate bad laws with impunity. It is necessary for the survival and health of our society. If people's right to dissent is taken away and bad laws are passed, we move immediately into war. Peace is the definition of a healthy society. Furthermore, it cannot be assumed that if people can commit crimes with impunity that they will. If murder became legal, I do not think you would see much of an increase in the murder rate. As Socrates would say, if people know the what is good and what is bad, they will always choose the good, because the good is what is most desirable. That is why law enforcement is very restricted in the Constitution. The "compromise" the law enforcement community has suggested, key-escrow, is not a compromise at all, because it makes it impossible for people to keep secrets from the government. It removes
the people's right to dissent, presumably the very right cryptography allows us to protect. The law enforcement community is wrong.
that the existence of anonymous transactions will naturally lend itself to a situation where everyone is anonymous, no transaction can be tracked, no communications can be monitored, and basically, no government can possibly control the transactions and interactions of its citizens. They support the broad use of military grade cryptography and anominity. Let no message be crackable or traceable. This, also, is an absolute belief and it is also flawed. We have governments for a reason, we came together and founded societies for protection, and if we tore apart our current social structure and created an anarchy, people would immediately form small societies for their own fiscal protection. Creating an anarchy is a massive step backward in social development, not a step forward. Furthermore, PEOPLE WANT TO BE ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR ACTIONS. No totally anonymous society will ever exist in the real world. In fact, many BBSs have tossed out anominity, although it works quite well in some communities. The right to anominity is very important. As I said before, it is important to allow people to express their ideas without fear of persecution for their beliefs. However, people want to be accountable for many of the things they do. People want recognition, and you cannot receive recognition for the actions of your anonymous identity. If people really wanted to be totally anonymous all the time, we would all be running around the shopping mall with ski masks and fistfuls of small unmarked bills. Not only is the idea of crypto-anarchy wrong, but it provides those who oppose cryptography an easy concept to attack. As Denning said, "Although May limply asserts that anarchy does not mean lawlessness and social disorder, the absence of government would lead to exactly these states of chaos. I do not want to live in an anarchistic society -- if such could be called a society at all -- and I doubt many would." The crypto-anarchists are also wrong.
controversial, but I propose it because it must be considered. Lotus is right. Currently the internet is ripe for abuse by totalitarian governments everywhere. How wonderful the net must be to an insane dictator. One carefully placed packet sniffer and he can automatically monitor the conversations of thousands of people, censoring posts he doesn't like, and identifying email addresses of thought criminals. Although PGP, ssh, and similar tools provide a solution for some, traffic analysis makes those who speak privately stand out like a sore thumb that needs further investigation. Eric Huges said at Summercon that if cryptography is going to work, it needs to be just like Dolby noise reduction. Its there, its always on, people don't need to know what it does, but it makes things better. (No one stands out like a sore thumb.) Although doing this with military grade encryption would be the  cryto-anarchist's dream, what if we did it with partially escrowed keys? The system would have to be designed such that the non-escrowed part could be increased with advances in technology. However, a system like this would stop the wide spread mass monitoring described above. Furthermore, it would allow the government to tap a conversation if it was willing to put forth the resources (which will add some visibility to an illegal tap). The system would also require one additional aspect. It must be impossible to automatically identify messages that have partially escrowed keys and messages that are not escrowed. Thus, the right of dissent is preserved. Although most software would
only support escrowed keys. secure from tapping and monitoring. Tapping is possible with a lot of   work, however it is not assured. Government remains the arm of society, yet it can be subverted and destroyed if necessary. Such a system brings us to the central question here. Does the government have the right to tap conversations, or do the people have a right to keep secrets from the government? I think the answer is both. In the end, it's very difficult to actually hurt someone with an email message. But, nothing ever works in absolutes.

@_date: 1996-02-13 20:35:24
@_author: Decius 
@_subject: A Cyberspace Independence Refutation 
VERY true. People who are getting on the net now assume it is a corporate medium created by government grants... but the INTERNET is not nearly the
extent of decentralized communications. Man, when I was in high-school NOBODY had legit internet access. If you wanted to reach out and touch systems on the other side of the planet you had to BREAK INTO a network to do it. Thats one of the most important reasons that hackers "cracked" into systems. It was an incredible rush to be able to use computers that
are on the other side of the globe and run by big corporations. So apparently out of reach for an American teenage slacker. We could see where this stuff was going, but the discourse wasn't on the net, at least for us, it was on BULLETIN BOARD SYSTEMS. Look at FIDOnet. Although a lot of FIDOnet sysops are the most anal people in the world, the network itself is truely an amazing thing. Any 13 year old kid can set up a BBS with a 286 and a cheapo modem. They can join the network and talk to people on the other side of the planet. They can't shut it down because there IS NO CENTRAL CONTROL AT ALL. Anyone can set up a system for $500 and people can talk. They can network. The government can never shut down every BBS. They cannot possibly be aware of whats out there and noone is in control. They cannot stop people from setting up FIDO style networks unless they outlaw computers. Maybe not even then. They cannot control the free spread of information. Even if you don't like FIDOnet you can start your own network. I did. It was called ASKi/Shadownet (later, Iniquity Net) and it spread all over the globe. We had people polling for mail from Australia! We were just a handful of kids from nashville who wanted to talk about computer stuff. We built an international network. Anyone can do it and it cannot be stopped. Even if the Internet gets overrun by corps and governments, and the WWW becomes the only service, the revolution is not over. The web is a transition. Once the Web gets all the TV heads on computer networks, they will slowley discover what networking REALLY is, what discourse REALLY is, what decentralization really is, what freedom of information really is. With BBSs and crypto technology, noone can stop the free spread of information. The Christian Riech has lost its war before it has even begun.

@_date: 1996-01-25 17:37:18
@_author: Decius 
@_subject: another thought about random numbers 
hmmm... probably just a cheapo pseudo-rng....
With a copy of their squematics and a whole lot of analysis you could probably make some serious money!! :)
