
@_date: 1996-04-11 17:45:31
@_author: Declan B. McCullagh 
@_subject: Scientologists may subpoena anonymous remailer records? 
sthomson at netcom.com
Ron, thanks for the background about the CoS's renewed attempts to get a search warrant for anon.penet.fi. I hope you don't get dragged into this any more than you already are.
Grady Ward writes below, in a message dated this morning:
  > I would say it is virtually certain that U.S. anon remailers will
  > be subpoenaed as well as any foreign ones in which they can handle
  > the authorities.
Yikes! Jim's alert was timely.
[This message is archived at Here's what Grady said to me in several messages.  Note that
they seem to be after anon.penet.fi again too.
(He has given me blanket permission to distribute his e-mail to me to
 anyone who may find it of use.)
I've just received e-mail from:
kaj.malmberg at mallu.pp.fi (Kaj Malmberg)
The Poilice CID in Helsinki who is being pushed by the criminal
cult yet again to get a search warrant for Julf's anonymous remailer,
claiming I have been violating my injunction to post cult crap.
I told him that as usual the criminal cult is lying and that I gave him
and Julf explicit permission to investigate any or all of my posts I
have ever made through the remailer.
The criminal cult is trying to use the fact of my injunction to further
their own conspiracy theories.  South Africa, Finland, where does
it end?
I like to err on the side of openness. Each to their own I suppose.
Basically I trust Kaj to sense who is the criminal perpetrator in this case.
I also sent him the set of trial stipulations in the Snow White case that
ought to give him very interesting background on the criminal cult.
He is still free to do as he wishes.
[Regarding the depositions. --Declan]
No one was with me.
Total hours day one: 7.5
Total hours day two: 3.25 hours, as per order of Judge Infante.
Also I believe all american anonymous remailers will be subpoenaed
for their records as will all my ISPs, and contents of safety
deposit box held as evidence.
I don't know what's up today, but Julf wrote yesterday
to tell me that my id grady at northcoast.com had NOT
been used to go through his remailer.
No word on what the police are doing to subpoena his system,
if they are.
Yes do please distribute my messages as you deem
necessary.  Some people ought to be aware of what is
coming down.
My feeling is that they will be doing anything they can
to attempt to produce "hard evidence" that I am part of
the Grand Conspiracy. I would say it is virtually certain
that U.S. anon remailers will be subpoenaed as well as any
foreign ones in which they can handle the authorities.
I did tell you that they sprung a surpise motion on me and
Judge Infante during day  of the deposition by asking him
if their computer expert could make copies of the contents thereof
to look for contraband?
I objected on the grounds that it was a thinly disguised seizure
request (which had already been denied by Judge Whyte) and that
the box contained much private material such as letters to my wife, etc.
The judge did agree to another motion however made by Hogan
to "freeze" the contents of the box to "preserve evidence".
Obviously any motion that they make to examine the contents will
be met by a demand that only a mutually agree 3rd party using
an agreed upon protocol (i.e. grepping for an agreed list of
patterns) will be permitted. No mass copying, no random cult
Grady Ward           |                   | +1 707 826 7715      |                   |
(voice/24hr FAX)     | 34877c8566839cb7  |
grady at northcoast.com | aeab8ec5e5ee97fe  |

@_date: 1996-04-20 15:50:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Protocols at the Point of a Gun 
This is an excellent point, and one worth repeating. The Chronicle of
Higher Education has been quite diligent in covering the CDA hearings in
Philadelphia since their readership is concerned about this issue. As for CMU's justification for censoring USENET newsgroups, the legal
justification for protecting minors is non-existent -- the
administration's reasons are financial and PR. Check out this February
1996 thread on the fight-censorship list:   The attached excerpt from a Carnegie Mellon University PR newsletter
  shows how top administrators are basking in the publicity sparked by the
  Rimm study and CMU's CompuServe-esque censorship of sexual discussion
  groups in November 1994. The Warner Hall bureaucrats are smug in
  claiming they were justified in "limiting the access of pornography on
  our campus computers." Of course, that's not to say that CMU administrators aren't prudes as well.
For more info:

@_date: 1996-04-24 16:49:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Electronic Freedom March postponed to Fall 1996 
I'm glad to see that Keith Glass has taken the helm of the Electronic Freedom March.
Moving the date back to late September is a good idea:
* We can hold the March before Congress adjourns in early October.
* The date is close to the November elections.
* The Supreme Court will return on October 7 and will, I hope, decide
  to hear our lawsuit challenging the CDA soon after.
Now we have time to organize...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
News Release    24 April 1996 6 PM
Contact: Keith A. Glass  703-354-1737
Changes to the Electronic Freedom March
The Electronic Freedom March on Washington, currently scheduled for June 30th, 1996, has been re-scheduled to the fall, tentatively the weekend of 28-29 September.
With the current state of the case against the CDA, ACLU vs. Reno, and several organizational factors, it's been concluded that it would be far more effective to focus the political power of the citizens of the Net closer to the November elections.  We are currently looking for people to assist us in organizing and sustaining the Electronic Freedom March on Washington.  Specifically, we need assistance in fundraising and publicity, assistance in obtaining corporate and non-profit sponsorships, people familiar with stage and sound systems, crowd logistics, first aid, and security.  Please refer all inquiries to Keith A. Glass, 703-354-1737, salgak at dcez.com

@_date: 1996-08-03 23:36:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Tolerance (fwd) 
I've deleted most of Jim's meanderings above, mostly because I'm fascinated by the credentialism in the graf above.
He implies, without directly saying so, that "his lawyers" have weighed in on this dispute and agree with him. Of course this is hardly likely; he advances no coherent legal theory. (Except the "public forum" argument, which might apply to Usenet, but not cypherpunks.)
This is attempted proof by credentalism. I call him on it. Okay, Jim, what _do_ your lawyers say on this? Have you asked them? I,
too, have an attorney, a civil liberties specialist and a graduate from
Princeton law. So what?

@_date: 1996-08-04 00:39:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: problem 
I received a similar message in private email from the same person.
Obviously, he/she didn't know how to 'unsubscrive' properly. Hint: try email to majordomo at toad.com.

@_date: 1996-08-04 22:49:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto added to anti-terror bill in US at last minute?!?!! 
Congress isn't in session. It would be a genuine trick for them to pass any legislation before September.

@_date: 1996-08-05 22:03:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
I had the same problems when I was working at Xerox in Webster, NY. Supermarkets just plain didn't want to accept my passport as valid ID.
More recently, I attended an IEEE conference at MITRE in Virginia. To enter the building, they required you to fill out a form listing your SSN. The forms were taped to the guard's desk, in full view of anyone who was curious.
I was horrified and gave a random number.
A friend who was with me (who in fact is on cypherpunks) dutifully gave
her correct SSN. Oh, and they wanted photo ID. I offered press
credentials. Unfortunately for the lackey, it didn't have any sort of
serial or ID number on it he could record.

@_date: 1996-08-06 15:08:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Tolerance (fwd) 
Hmm... Perhaps my attorney went to Princeton as an undergrad. *shrug* I recall a Princeton diploma on his office wall.
Now, Peter, you're a moron, and I call you on it.

@_date: 1996-08-07 21:37:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
Mike's post reminds me of the latest maneuvering here in DC.
The Hatch simulated "child porn" bill was reported out of the Senate
judiciary committee favorably, with the addition of language making it a
felony to *attempt* to view child porn. This wording is aimed at the Net:
  "Click Here to see Young Girls in Lust."

@_date: 1996-08-09 00:01:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
Looks like we're a little late. However, we can still grab the tape from Oregon's DMV for $220. It would be an interesting excercise to try to get these tapes from each state with similar provisions and put them all Anyone want to donate server space?
   Service has been temporarily suspended.
   Don't panic, I just want to think about the situation for a while.       Stay tuned. --Aaron
   There is a very real chance that it will be turned off. That's becuase
   all of the people who hate it call the TV and Radio stations, the DMV,
   and their elected representitives. All of the people who love it send
   me email. As much as I appreciate hearing from all of you, sending me
   email doesn't let anyone else know how you feel. If you want to keep
   this service going, make your voices heard.

@_date: 1996-08-09 01:02:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Babble about universal service 
I also wonder why universal service is such a Good Thing. It also, unfortunately, is on the agendas for the G-7-type meetings of information ministers from participating countries. (My objections to universal service are perhaps not surprising. It
devolves more power into the hands of the DC bureaucrats such as the FCC,
and provides a slippery slope on which we can slide down towards more and
more government regulation. By concentrating regulatory authority in the
Federal government, it also makes decisions more subsceptible to
special-interest lobbying and political patronage. But I recall Ronda has
been arguing for universal service for some time now, including on the
netizens mailing list.)

@_date: 1996-08-16 00:57:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Crypto Ban Talk @ G-7 
I have the text of the resolution passed by G-7 and Russia that moves
towards greater controls on crypto at:

@_date: 1996-08-16 01:46:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Schlafly on crypto 
Take a look at the Boston Coalition for Freedom of Expression's list of enemies of free expression. Excerpt follows.
Linkname: Phyllis Schlafly, Eagle Forum
Filename:    Phyllis Schlafly
   President             Eagle Forum       Box 618                        Alton, IL 62002
   618/462-5415     "Leading the pro-family movement to victories since 1972." Basic
   membership includes a subscription to The Phyllis Schlafly Report and
   costs $15.00. Mrs. Schlafly, whose husband Fred used to head the World
   Anti-Communist League, is the person considered most responsible for
   the defeat of the ERA. Her book A Choice Not an Echo, published in
   1964 to support the presidential aspirations of Barry Goldwater, is
   one of the seminal texts of contemporary American conservative
   politics.

@_date: 1996-08-17 01:25:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Schlafly helped defeat ERA, supported Goldwater--where do I , sign up? 
Keep in mind the BCFE comes from a traditional liberal bent. However, even though Schlafly is no friend of free speech as it relates to sexually explicit material, I welcome her participation in the wiretap debate. Privacy cuts across partisan lines.
I would love to have her column in the hands of some of the Republican
senators who will vote on the House wiretap bill or craft their own next

@_date: 1996-08-19 23:41:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Hackers invade DOJ web site 
Check out the attached message. If anyone has any info, I'd love to hear

@_date: 1996-08-20 01:39:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Indonesia detains democracy activist after post to mailing list 
Indonesia is joining the rest of the world in cracking down on online
speech. Perhaps the lesson here is that no matter how much the Internet
supposedly "routes around censorship," the most vulnerable points are the
humans on both ends. More info on the global net-crackdown is at:      HotWired, The Netizen
   19 August 1996
   Trouble in Paradise
   by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
   Washington, DC, 18 August
   Indonesian democracy activists have taken their fight for freedom
   to the Net, and the government doesn't approve.
   After distributing email messages about riots in Jakarta last month to
   an international Indonesian-politics mailing list, Prihadi Beny
   Waluyo, a lecturer at Duta Wacana Christian University, was arrested
   and interrogated by the military. Since then, the mailing list has
   been banned from the country and Waluyo has returned to his house,
   where he remains under surveillance.
   Until now, Indonesian cyberspace has been relatively free, with no
   regulations or laws explicitly restricting online discussions. By
   contrast, newspapers and magazines are subject to strict censorship,
   following a 1984 ministerial decree requiring the press to obtain
   licenses from the government.
   "He [Waluyo] was arrested and accused of sending messages to Holland
   and printing out photocopies," said Sidney Jones, executive director
   of Human Rights Watch/Asia. "The army is out to stop any kind of
   discussion of the riots."
   The censor-happy regime of President Suharto tried to stop journalists
   from reporting on the outbreaks of violence - which shattered his
   carefully cultivated image of a stable Indonesia. The worst domestic
   disturbance in a decade, the uprising started after police stormed the
   headquarters of an opposition party and ejected anti-government
   activists from the building...
August 14, 1996
His Excellency M. Arifin Siregar
Ambassador to the United States
Embassy of Indonesia
2020 Mass. Avenue, NW
Washington, DC  20036
Your Excellency:
     I am writing on behalf of Human Rights Watch/Asia to protest the
arrest of Drs. Prihadi Beny Waluyo, a lecturer at Duta Wacana Christian
University. Drs. Waluyo was arrested at his home by soldiers of the
district military command. He was reportedly accused of distributing
e-mail messages and also of sending messages relating to the July 27 riots
to a destination in Holland. His arrest came after an unidentified person
gave an officer photocopies of e-mail messages that were traced to Drs.
Waluyo. The person claimed the printouts came from a store in Kebumen, a
district of Yogyakarta.      Following his arrest, Drs. Waluyo was interrogated by the military
about his connections with the Peoples Democratic Party (PRD), which the
government has accused of masterminding the riots, but he denied any
involvement with the PRD. He acknowledged that he had sent messages over
the Internet. Following his questioning, he was reportedly ordered to go
to his home and was told to report to the district military command on a
regular basis. He is said to be under strict surveillance.      Human Rights Watch opposes actions by the Indonesian government to
restrict electronic communication. As stated in Article 19 of the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights:      Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression: this          right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to
     seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and
     regardless of frontiers.
We believe that such forums provide a truly unique opportunity for people
from around the globe to share their views with an international audience.
By allowing unrestricted communication, important issues can receive the
benefit of serious discussion by the broadest cross-section of society. If
the Internet is to achieve its potential to become a global information
infrastructure, it is important, at the present moment, to agree to allow
its unrestricted development.      We urge that Drs. Waluyi and every other citizen be allowed to
receive and transmit electronic mail without fear of harassment,
intimidation, or arrest. Sidney Jones
Executive Director
Human Rights Watch/Asia
[Thanks to Bruce Sterling for this excerpt. --Declan]
 It was reported in May that the government has banned the book Bayang Bayang
 PKI (In the Shadows of the PKI). Published by the Institute for Studies on
 the Free Flow of Information (ISAI), it focuses on the 1965-1966 events
 leading to the assumption of power by President Soeharto. It is now a
 criminal offence for any person to process, publish, distribute, trade or
 reprint the book. (A19)
 The government has put pressure on the media to report positively on
 government-backed efforts to oust the leader of the opposition Indonesian
 Democratic Party (PDI), Megawati Sukarno-putri. On 2 June army officers
 invited most of Indonesia's chief editors to attend media briefings where,
 among other things, they were told not to use the words 'unseat' or 'topple'
 in their reporting.
 A rally in Jakarta organised by members loyal to Megawati on 20 June was
 broken up by troops, who killed at least one of the protesters, and arrested
 hundreds. Erwin Hadi, photographer with the weekly Sinar, Iqbal Wahyudin of
 CNN, Tomohiko Ohtsuka of Mainichi Shimbun and Reuters photographer Enny
 Nuraheini were among the journalists injured by soldiers during the rally.
 Local stations were also banned by the government from broadcasting images
 of the protest or from helping foreign news agencies feed their pictures of
 the rally abroad. Megawati was finally ousted as PDI leader on 22 June.
 (Institute for Studies on the Free Flow of Information)
 The Supreme Court voted on 13 June to uphold the government's ban on the
 independent newsweekly Tempo (Index 4&5/1994, 3/1995, 1/1996). The Court
 ruled that the information minister has the right to revoke publishing
 licences since he also has the right to issue them. (Institute for Studies
 on the Free Flow of Information)
 Index Index incorporates information from the American Association for the
 Advancement of
 Science Human Rights Action Network (AAASHRAN), Amnesty International (AI),
 Article 19
 (A19), the BBC Monitoring Service Summary of World Broadcasts (SWB), the
 Committee to
 Protect Journalists (CPJ), the Canadian Committee to Protect Journalists
 (CCPJ), the
 Inter-American Press Association (IAPA), the International Federation of
 Journalists (IFJ/FIP), the
 International Federation of Newspaper Publishers (FIEJ), Human Rights Watch
 (HRW), the Media
 Institute of Southern Africa (MISA), International PEN (PEN), Open Media
 Research Institute
 (OMRI), Reporters Sans Frontires (RSF), the World Association of Community
 Broadcasters
 (AMARC) and other sources

@_date: 1996-08-20 14:04:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Indonesia detains democracy activist after post to mailing list (fwd) 
Rich is frothing again. Time to killfile him again. Note he contributes
nothing of substance except a vapid anti-Wired rant that has been done
better elsewhere, like  (Personally, I don't even read
Wired much anymore. To each his own.)
As for UCB and the FBI threads, Rich is talking about back
fight-censorship discussions. He seems to think that I endorse every
message I forward to a mailing list. He is incorrect. (Rather, I offer the
information to the list, as Judge Sloviter took Olsen's testimony, "for
what it's worth.")
Back to Indonesia -- my column should have said the Indonesian military is
*trying* to ban the mailing list from the country. They haven't succeeded
yet. Time will tell.
I have more information on Indonesia at  -- right now, use the www2 address since not all directories seem to be updating on the mirror servers properly right now.

@_date: 1996-08-21 13:49:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Justice Department stalls for time in CDA lawsuit, from HotWired 
[Read the complete column at the URL below... -Declan]
HotWired, The Netizen
21 August 1996
DOJ Dodge
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 20 August
   The US Department of Justice is stalling for time.
   The Supreme Court yesterday granted the government an extra month to
   submit the next phase of its Communications Decency Act appeal,
   allowing the DOJ a few more weeks to coordinate the original ACLU
   lawsuit with a lesser-known suit filed by Joe Shea, editor of the
   American Reporter.
[...]      But in truth, the DOJ shouldn't need any more time to file this
   paperwork. The "jurisdictional statement" the department's been
   working on for seven weeks - and now has until 29 September to submit
   - must argue only that there's a substantial constitutional issue at
   stake in the CDA lawsuit, something transcendently obvious to anyone
   who hasn't been napping through the 14 months since Time magazine's
   cyberporn cover hit the newsstands.
   While this is likely just normal legal skirmishing in a battle where
   the DOJ attorneys have few useful weapons and already have suffered
   one crushing defeat, the government's five-page application for an
   extension of time hints at why a delay would be to their advantage.
[...]      In other words, the CDA might be unconstitutional now, but
   _constitutional_ some months from now - depending on how labelling and
   blocking technologies such as PICS and SurfWatch evolve. Keeping kids
   out might have been a royal pain when the judges heard the case in
   March 1996, but by March 1997 it might amount to no more than the
   minor irritation of a constitutional hangnail.
   David Sobel, a lawyer for the Electronic Privacy Information Center
   and co-counsel on this case, said: "They could make the argument in
   the Supreme Court that the court in Philadelphia hasn't really
   completed its work on the case, and all that is entered is a
   preliminary injunction. They could argue that this case should go back
   to Philadelphia for further proceedings, since they're now prepared to
   answer the court's questions about what kind of technology may be
   coming down the pike."
   Whatever the reason for the DOJ's delay - summer bureaucratic
   slothfulness or malicious conniving - one thing is certain: we have
   the rest of the year to enjoy the government's lawyer tricks.

@_date: 1996-08-23 02:25:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: [noise]Re: The grey lady puts on some boots and rides a horseman or two... 
I met Polly's father at the "Kids off Lists" press conference in front of
the Capitol in June. He's an irascable fellow, and there's more to the
story than you might think at first. Check out part of Brock's Muckraker column I've attached below.
By Brock Meeks
June 12 1996
Teach Your Children Well, or Else ...
My kids are info subversives. I should know. I taught them everything I
know about the subject.
My kids know not to give out their telephone number or address to any
yahoo who asks for it on the street or phone. If pressed for such
information, they simply make up a number or address or zip code.
Those lessons have transferred to the online world, too. So when
prompted for personal information while netsurfing, my kids either jet
over to another site or simply fill in the blanks with bogus info.
My question is: What the hell are other parents doing? We live in an
information culture; no amount of bitching about how today's kids are
"smarter than we are" and none of the all-too-tired whining about how
"I have to ask my 10-year-old to program the VCR" will make this fact
any less true. Parents need to take more responsibility. The fight over
the Communications Decency Act raised the same point.
How best to protect kids from unrelenting Internet info scavengers is
now a topic of national debate, and the long arm of Congress and
regulatory agencies is reaching into the sandbox.
The issue ignited with an overheated report from the well-respected
Center for Media Education. These folks have done some great work in
the past, such as hammering the television networks for trying to pass
off Saturday morning cartoons as "educational programming." But when
they released their "Web of Deception" study, the group went over the
edge into Timothy Leary land - rest his soul.
That report overhyped a very real concern: Some companies use Web sites
as bait to entice kids to provide a wealth of information about
themselves, which can then be cranked into a database and crunched
every which way.
The report drove Representative Bob Franks (R-New Jersey) and Senator
Dianne Feinstein (D-California) to introduce the "Children's Privacy
Protection and Parental Empowerment Act." The idea is to keep kids'
names off direct marketing lists. It's a good concept, but it's short
on focus and long on fear - the fear that gathering such information
can lead to child abuse or worse.
A group called "Kids Off Lists" (KOL) was on hand during a PR event to
help juice the introduction of the bill. Heading that group is Marc
Klaas, whose claim to fame is that he's the father of Polly Klaas, the
12-year-old California girl who in 1994 was abducted from a slumber
party and murdered. Klaas's personal tragedy lends a twisted emotional
and impassioned draw to the issue.
During that event, a direct mail company called Metromail, a subsidiary
of the publishing giant R.R. Donnelley & Sons, was singled out as evil
incarnate for its practice of selling information on kids via a 900
telephone number. KOL showed off a flyer that offers US$5,000 for
information leading to the conviction of anyone who has used
information from such a company to "locate and harm a child."
But there's a subplot here. The actual driving force and financial
backer of KOL is John Phillips, who runs Aristotle Publishing, a
political software company in Washington, DC. Phillips, as it turns
out, has been in a kind of run-and-shoot legal battle with Donnelley
for the past five years, according to an article in the Washington City
Paper, an alternative weekly published in DC.
Phillips and Donnelley clashed over a soured deal involving Aristotle
and Metromail. Phillips sued for $5.3 million, and Metromail settled in
1995 for $2.7 million, according to the City Paper article. But
Phillips refused to let up and has funded KOL to keep the pressure on
Donnelley and Metromail. On 7 March, Donnelley said it would sell off
its majority holding in Metromail.
All this emotion spilled over and caught the attention of the Federal
Trade Commission. Jodie Bernstein, director of the agency's Bureau of
Consumer Protection, said that the "focus" of its two-day hearing last
week was "children in cyberspace" with questions aimed at finding out
"what's happening" with information collection on kids in cyberspace.
"We are not looking to prosecute but to educate and report," he said.

@_date: 1996-08-23 05:39:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Any CPs in D.C.? 
I may stop by. Though I'll probably avoid any airborne spittle.

@_date: 1996-08-23 11:39:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Republican and Democratic party platforms [NOT!] on technology 
I never really liked having my ass kissed much, so I'll find out the truth tomorrow.
I got a fax sent from a Senate office yesterday saying that it was in the
platform, even though it doesn't appear (yet) on the rnc.org web site --
a fact you'll note I mentioned in my original message. It was a good rant, though, Rich. Nicely done.

@_date: 1996-08-24 12:37:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Any CPs in D.C.? 
Some of us DC-area cypherpunks are planning to get together with Lucky
this Saturday afternoon. Interested? Send me mail...

@_date: 1996-08-25 04:24:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Republican and Democratic party platforms [NOT!] on technology 
Wrong. Check out what I've attached below.
Happily, I don't waste time listening to Rich's rants. I take this as a
lesson that his posts are, in fact, not worth the time it takes to delete
them. Rich, I suggest you stick to whining about MS Windows unless you
enjoy the embarrassment of being proved wrong, once again. By Brock Meeks
                The word "Internet" appears only once in the platform
                language. It's a small victory, but not an insignificant
                one. Two paragraphs are of particular interest - the last
                two in the "Creating Jobs for Americans" section. Here
                they are:
                "The communications revolution empowers individuals,
                enhances health care, opens up opportunity for rural
                areas, and strengthens families and institutions. A
                Dole-led Congress passed the Telecommunications Act of
                1996 to promote full and open competition and freedom of
                choice in the telecommunications marketplace. In
                contrast, the Clinton-Gore administration repeatedly
                defended big-government regulation. The micromanagement
                of the Information Age is an impediment to the
                development of America's information superhighway.
                "We support the broadest access to telecommunications
                networks and services, based upon marketplace
                capabilities. The Internet today is the most staggering
                example of how the Information Age can and will enhance
                the lives of Americans everywhere. To further this
                explosion of new-found freedoms and opportunities,
                privacy, through secured communications, has never been
                more important. Bob Dole and the Republican Party will
                promote policies that ensure that the US remains the
                world leader in science, technology, and innovation."
                First off, it's amazing to see the Republicans taking
                credit for the Telecommunications Reform Act because, in
                doing so, they also are taking credit for one of the most
                egregious attacks on the First Amendment in recent
                history: the passage of the Communications Decency Act,
                which was embedded in the telecom bill like a virus.
                The really interesting stuff comes after you decode the
                phrase "privacy, through secured communications." This
                really means: "the right to use private encryption
                technology." This brilliant gem was wedged into the
                platform, so I'm told, through the efforts of Senator
                Conrad Burns' staff. Burns, of course, is the author of
                the pro-crypto technology bill known as "Pro-CODE," which
                flies in the face of the administration's nearly paranoid
                anti-crypto policies.

@_date: 1996-08-27 09:45:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sen. Leahy's "impeccable cyberspace credentials" 
telstar at wired.com
What are you thinking?!
In a world where we have very few real friends, I simply don't understand
what you are trying to accomplish. It's fine (and healthy) to raise
concerns about the particular positions a member of Congress takes (hell, I
don't agree with everything Leahy does), but to simply dismiss Leahy as a
'no friend of the Net'  is naive and counterproductive.
Look at the record. Leahy is hands down the strongest supporter of the Net
in Congress. Period. No other Member (including our small but growing
handful of other friends like Burns, White, Wyden, Cox, Eshoo, etc) has
been a more forceful or consistent advocate for your causes for as long as
Leahy has. What exactly do you want? Perhaps we should elect you to
Congress and see how well you can do.
Of course we are not going to agree with our friends on every issue. If
Leahy takes a position you don't like, I'd suggest you talk to his office.
I have found in my experience that Leahy's staff (and him personally) will
take the time to listen when presented with a well presented argument.
I'm also confused about another thing: which hat were you wearing when you
wrote this? If it is your "advocate" hat I think it must covering your
eyes. If it's your "journalist" hat, you need to do a bit better job of
checking your facts in the future.
Go a head and reject the "Beltway politicians". It's fashionable, sure, but
what does it really accomplish?  Some of them are dangerous. Others are
sympathetic. The fact is that short of armed rebellion they are going to be
here for a while.
I shudder to think of the wrath our opponents could wage if we all threw up
our hands packed up our bags and left town.
Face the facts. Members of Congress have a lot of constituencies to deal
with, and we are a small and relatively powerless faction. We can do a lot
to change the outcomes of policy debates (if I didn't believe that I
wouldn't be doing what I do everyday), but we have to be realistic,
recognize where we fit in to the process and who are friends are.  One
thing's for sure - we have A LOT more enemies than we have friends.
Most members of Congress don't really understand us or our issues.  Many
are willing to learn, and some have been real champions for our causes.
But none of them are gong to continue reaching out a hand to us if we bark
and bite when we don't get 100% of our way. Zealots rarely win (though it
sure is fun to throw bombs).
Sorry for the public thrashing, but this kind of attitude REALLY gets under
my skin.
Flames welcome (though response is not guaranteed ),
  ** THE FIGHT FOR FREE SPEECH ONLINE CONTINUES TO THE SUPREME COURT **
      It's not too late to be a part of history -- Join the Lawsuit
            --    Jonah Seiger, Policy Analyst           Center for Democracy and Technology
                           1634 Eye Street NW, Suite 1100
                                                      Washington, DC 20006
PGP Key via finger                                     (v) +1.202.637.9800
                                    (f) +1.202.637.0968

@_date: 1996-08-27 14:01:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sen. Leahy's "impeccable cyberspace credentials" 
telstar at wired.com
I had expected some negative feedback from CDT, but I should say I was
surprised by the tenor of your response. Unfortunately, you don't address the substance of my criticisms of Leahy:
how can you defend Leahy's avowed support for Digital Telephony and the
copyright legislation? How do his actions make him a "forceful" and
"consistent advocate" with "impeccable cyberspace credentials?" (Hint: They don't. He isn't.)
You write that: "Of course we are not going to agree with our friends on
every issue." But I disagree with your underlying assumption; if a senator
is our "friend," they won't do what Leahy does. Being familiar with
technology does not a Net-advocate make -- take Al Gore, for instance, who
net-surfs in an Old Executive Office building cluster... If I'm wearing any hat at all right now, it's my cypherpunk one. And that
prompts me to say that we'll have more freedom online not by relying on
the legislative process, but by deploying pro-freedom technology like
anonymous remailers and PGP. We can't rely on an ossified Beltway
Bureaucracy to preserve our freedoms. (In fact, we need to shrink the size
of the Federal bureaucracy drastically to make it less susceptible to
special-interest lobbying and to reduce its ability to encroach upon our
civil liberties.)
We've argued about this before, of course. I recognize that we have core
philosophical disagreements. You want to work the legislative process and
compromise, while I believe that some rights can't be negotiated away. I
recall you supported White's "Harmful to Minors" CDA compromise that would
have created a new and unprecedented category of speech crimes online.
(The ACLU's Barry Steinhardt wrote on this list last fall that "no true
civil liberties organization" would support such language.) You joined
Leahy in supporting the Bennett bill, which would have permitted Equifax
to create a national medical database with few privacy safeguards. Not to
mention your defense of Leahy's pet Digital Telephony project...
You write: "But none of them [members of Congress] are gong to continue
reaching out a hand to us if we bark and bite when we don't get 100% of
our way." I'm confused by this. Does it mean we shouldn't slam Leahy when
he fucks with the Net? More disturbingly, the incorrect and misleading
label of "impeccable cyberspace credentials" makes it more difficult to
criticize Leahy when he does something (like DT funding or copyright) that
harms netizens. I suppose you'd like to champion Leahy as a "Friend of the Net." But I'd
rather not ignore his attempts to pass legislation that would hinder the
development of the Net and intrude on our privacy.
I reiterate my earlier statement: "Leahy is in no way a true friend of the
Net; I don't know of any Beltway politican who is."

@_date: 1996-08-27 14:08:09
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sen. Leahy's "impeccable cyberspace credentials" 
Just to clarify, Jonah Seiger wrote the "Go a head and reject" lines below and I wrote the now thrice-nested "Worse yet, as recently" lines.
My response to Jonah is forthcoming.

@_date: 1996-08-28 05:36:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cato Institute conference on Net-regulation, 9/20/96 
This should be a good half-day conference, with some interesting speakers. I'll probably show up for Charles Platt's keynote.
Naturally, it's being held in the building's Hayek Auditorium. Hayek has some relevance to cypherpunks, I think -- he warned early on that the loss of economic freedom inevitably leads to the loss of civil liberties as well.
He also described the phenomenon of spontaneous order (admittedly in the context of markets), which speaks to the way the Net has ordered itself.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Please redistribute this conference announcement freely:
Regulation or Private Ordering?  The Future of the Internet
The Cato Institute cordially invites you to a morning conference and luncheon Regulation or Private Ordering?
The Future of the Internet
Friday, September 20, 1996
8:30 a.m.   1:30 p.m.
The Cato Institute's F.A. Hayek Auditorium 1000 Massachusetts Avenue, N.W. Washington, DC
The Internet promises users unprecedented individual control over
information. It is at once a tool for universal communication, a new form of
media, and a new way of doing business. But it is also a challenge to
lawmakers and regulators. Existing laws cannot easily be applied to the
Internet and appear doomed to failure. Do we need a new set of laws or will
voluntary private action ensure order on the information superhighway?
Cato's Regulation or Private Ordering? The Future of the Internet conference
will bring together leading authorities on law, regulation, and technology
to discuss the problems of adapting existing law to the Internet and to
explore private alternatives to regulation. Can private ordering consistent
with individual   freedom forestall a government backlash against perceived Internet chaos?
The cost of this conference is $25.00.
Registration   Wintergarden 8:30   8:35   a.m.	Lawrence Gasman   Welcoming Remarks
8:35   9:20   a.m. JURISDICTIONAL BOUNDARIES
David Post;Collective Action in Cyberspace" Georgetown University Law
Dan Burk   Federalism without Borders; Seton Hall University School of Law
9:20   10:30 a.m. FEDERAL REGULATORY ISSUES
Robert Crandall; Rate Regulation and Arbitrage; Internet Telephony;
Brookings Institution
Trotter Hardy;Congress and Digital Copyright: Avoiding a Balancing
Act;William & Mary College of Law
Lori Fena;Security of Personal and Corporate Information Online: Moving
toward Industry Self Regulation; Electronic Frontier Foundation
10:30   10:45 a.m. Break
10:45   11:55 a.m. FREE SPEECH IN CYBERSPACE
Danny Weitzner; The Empowered User: Internet Technology Tools for Limiting
Access to Unwanted Material; Protecting Privacy; Center for Democracy and
Eugene Volokh;Private Online Speech Controls: Censorship, Constitutionally
Protected Editing, or Both? University of California at Los Angeles School
of Law
David Sobel;Prospects of the CDA in the Supreme Court; Electronic Privacy
Information Center
12:30 p.m. Keynote Address - Charles Platt; Net Futures: Scary and Sublime;
Author, Free Zone, The Silicone Man, Contributing Writer, Wired Magazine
12:30 p.m. Luncheon
News media please call Robin Hulsey at (202) 789 5293.
To Register, please e-mail Scott Wallis at swallis at cato.org, or vist our web
site at //www:cato.org.
Solveig Bernstein, Esq.
(202) 789-5274
(202) 842-3490 (fax)
Assistant Director of Telecommunications & Technology Studies
Cato Institute
1000 Mass. Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20001

@_date: 1996-08-29 11:36:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Real or Not ? 
Unless of course the program you're using to view the disassembled instructions has also been altered by the TriLats. And make sure you use any pre-1992 compiler on a pre-1992 operating system on a computer that's not hooked up to the Net or even located where NSA agents can get to it.
"Steingold" was a nice touch.

@_date: 1996-08-29 13:46:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: NSF yanks Iran's Internet connection, from HotWired 
Attached is my column on the NSF and Iran. After I filed it, I received an
unconfirmed note from the NSF saying that they removed the restriction in
response to my calls earlier today. I'll verify tomorrow. I have some original documents on the Iran sanctions law and executive order at:
  The Netizen
Banning Iran
by Declan McCullagh (declan at well.com)
Washington, DC, 28 August
   The US government has quietly pulled the plug on Iran's Internet
   connection. The catch? No one gave it permission.
   Earlier this month, a National Science Foundation official blocked
   crucial international links to Iran, apparently in response to an Iran
   and Libya Sanctions Act that became law on 5 August. The move prevents
   people in the United States from connecting to Iranian computers by
   cutting off access to the country's only permanent Net connection - a
   single, achingly slow 9600 bps modem.
   The link joins the Internet at Austria's Vienna University, which
   received a letter from an NSF employee - who the foundation claims
   acted without authority - asking their network gurus to cease
   forwarding Iranian data to American networks. The NSF employee, Steve
   Goldstein, told the university that the United States embargoed such
   exchanges with Iran.
   From Austria, packets travel across the Atlantic through links funded
   in part by US taxpayers, which Goldstein claims gives the NSF control
   over them. Goldstein works in the agency's Networking and
   Communications Research and Infrastructure division.
   The NSF's action, however, tramples on the First Amendment. The
   Supreme Court has upheld the right of Americans to receive a wide
   range of information from abroad. An existing executive order
   explicitly allows the import and export of Iranian informational
   materials regardless of medium of transmission, according to Solveig
   Bernstein, a lawyer with the Cato Institute. "Congress intended any
   sanctions the president took to be directed at money and weapons
   production, not communications," she said.
   The NSF isn't accepting responsibility. The agency claims Goldstein
   acted on his own volition. Although Goldstein declined comment, the
   agency's lawyers say he was not authorized to block the line. "We were
   not asked by Dr. Goldstein for any opinions, so I'm not sure on what
   basis we're doing it," said John Chester, NSF legal counsel. Other NSF
   officials did not return repeated phone calls.
   Many Iranians in the United States are outraged at losing access to
   friends, family, and educational links in Iran. Farhad Shakeri, a
   software engineer at Stanford University who operates the Iranian
   Cultural and Information Center, says: "Lots of people in Iran are
   confused. They can't talk to any university in the world.... We just
   want the problem fixed." Anoosh Hosseini, a webmaster at the Global
   Publishing Group, says: "It affects me as a person. I want to visit my
   cousin's homepage, and my brother's homepage. The University of Texas
   has a Middle Eastern research center, but now they can't research Iran
   [on the Net]."

@_date: 1996-08-30 05:49:57
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Singapore Global Action Alert (8/29/96) 
August 29, 1996
                          *** GLOBAL ACTION BRIEF ***
*	Please redistribute this document widely with this banner intact
*	Redistribute only in appropriate places & only until 30 September 1996
Singapore Government Curtails Online Freedoms
The government of Singapore recently established strict controls on all
Internet Service Providers and many World Wide Web pages. ISPs and content
providers will be licensed, and required to adhere to a rigid set of content
guidelines which apply to political speech, ethnic and religious remarks
including satire, and public morals including "contents which propagate
permissiveness or promiscuity."
We believe that the licensing policy and broad content guidelines will
effectively chill the free flow of information not only in Singapore, but
worldwide.  Because the Internet is global, transcending geographical
bounds, we are convinced that censorship within any nation or state, whether
implicit or explicit, poses a threat to all users of the global network.  We
therefore encourage the government of Singapore, and other governments
implementing or considering policies of content control, to stress education
rather than regulation.
Singapore's approach, like the Communications Decency Act that was passed
but quickly rescinded in the U.S., applies a broadcast regulatory standard
to the Internet.
The application of broadcast-inspired, "one-to-many" regulation to this new
*many-to-many* medium indicates a fundamental misunderstanding of the nature
of the Internet.
Unlike television and radio broadcasting, the Internet does not push
material at the viewer, but simply makes material available on demand - not
unlike a rapid inter-library loan.  And unlike broadcasting, the Internet
does not present the views of a limited few privileged speakers, but allows
all participants to publish, comment on, and even refute, what they read.
Recognizing that every culture has its own standards regarding what is or is
not appropriate, the undersigned organizations recommend that Singapore's
government allow its citizens to use Internet filtering  tools, with which
they can block out any material that is offensive to them, rather than
embark upon a closed-border approach that will cut Singapore off from the
new global online library.
Support of individually customizable filtration services, instead of a broad
top-down censorship effort, would enable Singapore to participate in a  more
positive and effective way in the evolution of this new open medium, and
would indicate trust in the ability of Singaporeans to choose what is right
for Singapore and for themselves.
WHERE TO FIND MORE INFORMATION
For more information on the Singapore censorship situation, and other global
efforts to abridge the flow of information over the net, see these web sites:
Human Rights Watch's letter to George Yeo, Singapore Minister for
Information and the arts, is located on HRW's gopher, at
WHO TO CONTACT
The following organizations have issued this advisory:
ALCEI - Electronic Frontiers Italy *    American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) *
   Center for Democracy and Technology (CDT) *
   CITADEL-Electronic Frontier France *    EFF-Austin *    Electronic Frontiers Australia *    Electronic Frontier Canada *    Elektronisk Forpost Norge (Electronic Frontier  Norway) *    Electronic Frontier Foundation *    Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) *
   HotWired *    Voters Telecommunication Watch (VTW) *    Please choose an organization above and visit their web site for contact
A copy of this advisory is available on the World Wide Web, at

@_date: 1996-08-30 15:03:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Singapore Global Action Alert (8/29/96) 
Bill speaks sooth. Personally, I agree with Jean-Francois in that the
Singapore government *does* understand the Net, and is using that
knowledge to control it within their borders reasonably well. Remember the
next phase of restrictions goes into effect on September 15. But I don't see a problem in being polite the first time.

@_date: 1996-09-01 04:10:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Waging War On Singapore 
morals or dignity.  Anything that would undermine public confidence in the
government. Look at:   If you do get an account, let me know.  Perhaps I'll join you.

@_date: 1996-09-01 04:14:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: WashPost report on airline security plan 
The Post front-paged this story and probably would have led with it if it weren't for the gas leak at National Airport late last night.
Read the story. It's quite disturbing. The proposal will be released in a week, I recall.

@_date: 1996-12-06 02:22:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Ira Magaziner: FREE Internet 
Yeah, I read the report from Magaziner's task force. Don't be taken in by the CNN story. The news on crypto is not as good as it sounds; far from Hold the applause. Read  the report for yourself.
(Jacking in from Kuala Lumpur.)

@_date: 1996-12-06 02:29:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PGP in Russia 
A slight correction -- taking PGP out of the US is not illegal, as long as you take adequate measures under the presonal use exception to prevent your laptop from being stolen by foreign nationals and keep records of your trip for five years. At least that's what y my friend from the State Dept told me when we had dinner a few weeks ago. On Thu, 5 Dec 1996

@_date: 1996-12-21 11:04:44
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Ebonic Plague 
"We have no intention, however, of making a fetish of democracy. It may well be true that our generation talks and thinks too much of democracy and too little of the values which it serves... Democracy is essentially a means, a utilitarian device for safeguarding internal peace and individual freedom. As such it is by no means infalliable or certain. Nor must we forget that there has often been much more cultural and spiritual freedom under an autocratic rule than under some democracies -- and it is at least conceivable that under the government of a very homogenous and doctrinare majority democractic government *might be as oppressive as the worst dictatorship.* [emphasis mine -DBM]."

@_date: 1996-07-18 13:51:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive order 
Deputy Attorney General Jamie Gorelick testified yesterday before Sen.
Sam Nunn's cyberscare hearing (take  where she ranted about the
evils of the Net and unveiled an executive order signed by the
president on Monday.
Gorelick, the administration's newly-annointed chief Net fearmonger,
said: "The executive order is on Federal Information Infrastructure
protection... It creates a committee to draft policy and recommend
legislation. The order cites two types of threats: physical and cyber."
The infrastructure she's talking about isn't government computers; she
means the private sector. "Because this infrastructure is privately
owned, this [executive order] emphasizes and recognizes the importance
of cooperation."
That is, cooperation with the fear of government regulation hanging
over your head. The President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure
Protection, which will have an industry advisory panel, has one year to
report back with recommendations.
Sen. Patrick Leahy testified: "Armed with a modem and a computer, a
criminal can wreak havoc on our computers from anywhere in the world.
There are no borders in cyberspace... Existing criminal statutes
provide a good framework for prosecuting [some] computer offenses... We
have to assume we have to update our criminal code."
Clinton's executive order also creates a "Infrastructure Protection
Task Force," effective immediately, with reps from the FBI, DOD, and
NSA. At yesterday's Senate permanent subcommittee on investigations
hearing, Gorelick ducked Sen. Nunn's questions about the limits of the
task force's authority. But the executive order says the group must:
      (i)     provide, or facilitate and coordinate the provision of,
              expert guidance to critical infrastructures to detect,
              revent, halt, or confine an attack and to recover and restore
              service...
      (v)     coordinate with the pertinent law enforcement authorities
              during or after an attack to facilitate any resulting
              criminal investigation.
"Critical infrastructures" include telecommunications facilities and
the Net.
PS: For background, check out:
  Critical infrastructures:
 1. telecommunications;
 2. electrical power systems;
 3. gas and oil storage and transportation;
 4. banking and finance;
 5. transportation;
 6. water supply systems;
 7. emergency services (including medical, police, fire and rescue); and
 8. continuity of government.
                          EXECUTIVE ORDER
                           - - - - - - -
                 CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION
      Certain national infrastructures are so vital that their incapacity
 or destruction would have a debilitating impact on the defense or economic
 security of the United States.  These critical infrastructures include
 telecommunications, electrical power systems, gas and oil storage and
 transportation, banking and finance, transportation, water supply systems,
 emergency services (including medical, police, fire and rescue), and
 continuity of government.  Threats to these critical infrastructures fall
 into two categories: physical threats to tangible property ("physical
 threats"), and threats of electronic, radio-frequency, or computer-based
 attacks on the information or communications components that control
 critical infrastructures ("cyber threats").  Because many of these
 critical infrastructures are owned and operated by the private sector, it
 is essential that the government and private sector work together to
 develop a strategy for protecting them and assuring their continued
 operation.
      NOW, THEREFORE, by the authority vested in me as President by the
 Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, it is hereby
 ordered as follows:
      Section 1.  Establishment.  There is hereby established the
 President's Commission on Critical Infrastructure Protection
 ("Commission").
      (a) Chair.  A qualified individual from outside the Federal
 Government shall be appointed by the President to serve as Chair of the
 Commission.  The Commission Chair shall be employed on a full-time basis.
      (b) Members.  The head of each of the following executive branch
 departments and agencies shall nominate not more than two full-time
 members of the Commission:
      (i)     Department of the Treasury;
      (ii)    Department of Justice;
      (iii)   Department of Defense;
      (iv)    Department of Commerce;
      (v)     Department of Transportation;
      (vi)    Department of Energy;
      (vii)   Central Intelligence Agency;
      (viii)  Federal Emergency Management Agency;
      (ix)    Federal Bureau of Investigation;
      (x)     National Security Agency.
      One of the nominees of each agency may be an individual from outside
 the Federal Government who shall be employed by the agency on a full-time
 basis.  Each nominee must be approved by the Steering Committee.
      Sec. 2.  The Principals Committee.  The Commission shall report to
 the President through a Principals Committee ("Principals Committee"),
 which shall review any reports or recommendations before submission tot he
 President.  The Principals Committee shall comprise the:
      (i)     Secretary of the Treasury;
      (ii)    Secretary of Defense;
      (iii)   Attorney General;
      (iv)    Secretary of Commerce;
      (v)     Secretary of Transportation;
      (vi)    Secretary of Energy;
      (vii)   Director of Central Intelligence;
      (viii)  Director of the Office of Management and Budget;
      (ix)    Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency;
      (x)     Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs;
      (xi)    Assistant to the Vice President for National Security
              Affairs.
      Sec. 3.  The Steering Committee of the President's Commission on
 Critical Infrastructure Protection.  A Steering Committee ("Steering
 Committee") shall oversee the work of the Commission on behalf of the
 Principals Committee.  The Steering Committee shall comprise four members
  appointed by the President.  One of the members shall be the Chair of the
 Commission and one shall be an employee of the Executive Office of the
 President.  The Steering Committee will receive regular reports on the
 progress of the Commission's work and approve the submission of reports to
 the Principals Committee.
      Sec. 4.  Mission.  The Commission shall:  (a) within 30 days of this
 order, produce a statement of its mission objectives, which will elaborate
 the general objectives set forth in this order, and a detailed schedule
 for addressing each mission objective, for approval by the Steering
 Committee;
      (b) identify and consult with:  (i) elements of the public and
 private sectors that conduct, support or contribute to infrastructure
 assurance; (ii) owners and operators of the critical infrastructures; and
 (iii) other elements of the public and private sectors, including the
 Congress, that have an interest in critical infrastructure assurance
 issues and that may have differing perspectives on these issues;
      (c) assess the scope and nature of the vulnerabilities of, and
 threats to, critical infrastructures;
      (d) determine what legal and policy issues are raised by efforts to
 protect critical infrastrucutres and assess how these issues should be
 addressed;
      (e) recommend a comprehensive national policy and implementation
 strategy for protecting critical infrastructures from physical and cyber
 threats and assuring their continued operation;
      (f) propose any statutory or regulatory changes necessary to effect
 its recommendations; and
      (g) produce reports and recommendations to the Steering Committee as
 they become available; it shall not limit itself to producing one final
 report.
      Sec. 5.  Advisory Committee to the President's Commission on Critical
 Infrastructure Protection.  (a) The Commission shall receive advice from
 an advisory committee ("Advisory Committee") composed of no more than ten
 individuals appointed by the President from the private sector who are
 knowledgeable about critical infrastructures.  The Advisory Committee
 shall advise the Commission on the subjects of the Commission's mission in
 whatever manner the Advisory Committee, the Commission Chair, and the
 Steering Committee deem appropriate.
      (b) A Chair shall be designated by the President from among the
 members of the Advisory Committee.
      (c) The Advisory Committee shall be established in compliance with
 the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended (5 U.S.C. App.).  The
 Department of Defense shall perform the functions of the President under
 the Federal Advisory Committee Act for the Advisory Committee, except that
 of reporting to the Congress, in accordance with the guidelines and
 procedures established by the Administrator of General Services.
      Sec. 6.  Administration.  (a) All executive departments and agencies
 shall cooperate with the Commission and provide such assistance,
 information, and advice to the Commission as it may request, to the extent
 permitted by law.
      (b) The Commission and the Advisory Committee may hold open and
 closed hearings, conduct inquiries, and establish subcommittees, as
 necessary.
      (c) Members of the Advisory Committee shall serve without
 compensation for their work on the Advisory Committee.  While engaged in
 the work of the Advisory Committee, members may be allowed travel
 expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by law
 for persons serving intermittently in the government service.
      (d) To the extent permitted by law, and subject to the availability
 of appropriations, the Department of Defense shall provide the Commission
 and the Advisory Committee with administrative services, staff, other
 support services, and such funds as may be necessary for the performance
 of its functions and shall reimburse the executive branch components that
 provide representatives to the Commission for the compensation of those
 representatives.
      (e) In order to augment the expertise of the Commission, the
 Department of Defense may, at the Commission's request, contract for the
 services of nongovernmental consultants who may prepare analyses, reports,
 background papers, and other materials for consideration by the
 Commission.  In addition, at the Commission's request, executive
 departments and agencies shall request that existing Federal advisory
 committees consider and provide advice on issue sof critical
 infrastructure protection, to the extent permitted by law.
      (f) The Commission, the Principals Committee, the Steering Committee,
 and the Advisory Committee shall terminate 1 year from the date of this
 order, unless extended by the President prior to this date.
      Sec. 7.  Interim Coordinating Mission.  (a) While the Commission is
 conducting its analysis and until the President has an opportunity to
 consider and act on its recommendations, there is a need to increase
 coordination of existing infrastructure protection efforts in order to
 better address, and prevent, crises that would have a debilitating
 regional or national impact.  There is hereby established an
 Infrastructure Protection Task Force ("IPTF") within the Department of
 Justice, chaired by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to undertake this
 interim coordinating mission.
      (b) The IPTF will not supplant any existing programs or
 organizations.
      (c) The Steering Committee shall oversee the work of the IPTF.
      (d) The IPTF shall include at least one full-time member each from
 the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Department of Defense, and the
 National Security Agency.  It shall also receive part-time assistance from
 other executive branch departments and agencies.  Members shall be
 designated by their departments or agencies on the basis of their
 expertise in the protection of critical infrastructures.  IPTF members'
 compensation shall be paid by their parent agency or department.
      (e) The IPTF's function is to identify and coordinate existing
 expertise, inside and outside of the Federal Government, to:
      (i)     provide, or facilitate and coordinate the provision of,
              expert guidance to critical infrastructures to detect,
              revent, halt, or confine an attack and to recover and restore
              service;
      (ii)    issue threat and warning notices in the event advance
              information is obtained about a threat;
      (iii)   provide training and education on methods of reducing
              vulnerabilities and responding to attacks on critical
              infrastructures;
      (iv)    conduct after-action analysis to determine possible future
              threats, targets, or methods of attack; and
      (v)     coordinate with the pertinent law enforcement authorities
              during or after an attack to facilitate any resulting
              criminal investigation.
      (f) All executive departments and agencies shall cooperate with the
 IPTF and provide such assistance, information, and advice as the IPTF
 may request, to the extent permitted by law.
      (g) All executive departments and agencies shall share with the IPTF
 information about threats and warning of attacks, and about actual attacks
 on critical infrastructures, to the extent permitted by law.
      (h) The IPTF shall terminate no later than 180 days after the
 termination of the Commission, unless extended by the President prior to
 that date.
      Sec. 8.  General.  (a) This order is not intended to change any
 existing statutes or Executive orders.
      (b) This order is not intended to create any right, benefit, trust,
 or responsibility, substantive or procedural, enforceable at law or equity
 by a party against the United States, its agencies, its officers, or any
 person.
                            (signed) William J. Clinton
 THE WHITE HOUSE
 July 15, 1996

@_date: 1996-07-23 16:29:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Global Net-Censorship Dispatches at EFF 
Since the f-c archives are still moribund, I've put the last five weeks of
global net-censorship threads from fight-censorship at:    Also check out the Singapore mess at:
   (If those URLs don't work, try www2.eff.org.)

@_date: 1996-07-29 11:49:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TLAs on cypherpnks (was Re: ALL OF YOU ARE CRIMINAL HACKERS) 
I believe my source, who's given me nothing but accurate information
before. YMMV, and you will of course filter this through how much you
trust *me* to evaluate him. But in the absence of a formal statement from
the NSA legal counsel, I think this as good as it gets.

@_date: 1996-07-30 12:19:22
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: call your rep 
While phone calls can't hurt, this markup ain't gonna happen this week. This from Burns' remarks at Cato this morning and reports from committee
staffers. In fact, in the wake of the recent bombing it may be better *not* to push
for a markup this week that would result in a narrow vote along partisan
lines. That would bode ill for the bill's future on the floor.

@_date: 1996-06-12 17:26:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA decision TOMORROW 9 am! 
The CDA deathwatch is almost over.
The Philadelphia court will announce its decision tomorrow, 6/12, at 9 AM EST, according to a fax from the court.
Check the usual web sites for more info and breaking news on the decision:
The ACLU is holding a press conference in NYC at 11 am. The ALA/CIEC plaintiffs will be holding a press conference in Washington, DC at 12 noon.
For the latest information, subscribe to the fight-censorship-announce
mailing list by sending "subscribe fight-censorship-announce" to
majordomo at vorlon.mit.edu.

@_date: 1996-06-22 05:16:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Sen. Specter and Kerry move to delay crypto legislation 
Two things:
1. The letter was copied to Mark Heilbrun, and a phone number is helpfully
provided below.
2. D'Amato was copied to encourage him to claim jurisdiction over part of
this legislation, yank it into the banking committee, and delay, delay,
delay. declan at well.com

@_date: 1996-06-23 06:36:02
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: IAG: "Non-violent demonstrations" planned after Net-attacks 
I subscribed to the IAG list and there's not much (or anything) happening
on it so far, but the idea has potential. Here's how to join if you're
interested. ---------- Forwarded message ----------
  Alabama, Australia, Belgium, California, China, Connecticut, Florida,
  France, Georgia, Germany, Illinois, India, Indonesia, Italy, Jordan,
  Kansas, Malaysia, Maryland, Massachusetts, Montana, New Jersey, New
  York, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore,
  South Korea, Sweden, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, U.S., Viet Nam,
  Virginia, and Washington.
 ** INTERNET UNDER ATTACK BY LOCAL AND NATIONAL GOVERNMENTS EVERYWHERE **
                           Fight Back!!
 Join the Internet Action Group gathering now on the email list:
 iag at deliberate.com.
 We will organize simultaneous local non-violent demonstrations at
 coordinated sites around the world in response to local and national
 attacks on the internet.
 Our list has new technology for polling ourselves so we can plan
 our actions democratically.
 To join the IAG, send a message to majordomo at deliberate.com.  Your
 message should say:
 subscribe iag
 This initialization of the IAG is the democratic decision of the
 cyber-rights list, cr at deliberate.com.  To join this group or to
 communicate with us, your message to majordomo at deliberate.com
 should say "subscribe cr".

@_date: 1996-03-20 13:37:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: CDA court challenge begins tomorrow 
Read on for more information on the details of the court challenge.
I'm very happy to know that Donna Hoffman and Howard Rheingold will be
testifying. They and other ACLU/CIEC witnesses and plaintiffs have been
deposed by the DoJ over the last two weeks in Washington, DC. During the
weeks separating the two sets of hearing dates, we will be deposing
witnesses that the DoJ plans to call. I would expect those witnesses to
dispute, among other things, the effectiveness of filtering software and
other forms of indecency-blocking. March 20, 1996
News from the ACLU National Headquarters
                 ACLU V. RENO:  Background Briefing
              Three-Judge Panel to Hear ACLU Testimony in            Landmark Challenge to Internet Censorship Law
PHILADELPHIA, PA--Beginning tomorrow, a three-judge panel in
federal district court in Philadelphia will hear testimony in the
consolidated cases of ACLU et al v. Reno and American Library
Association et al v. Reno, the landmark challenge to censorship
provisions of the Telecommunications Law of 1996. Free speech in cyberspace is at stake as the first major legal
challenge to censorship on the Internet gets underway.  The case began
when the ACLU filed a motion for a temporary restraining order against
indecency provisions of the Telecommunications Bill immediately after
it was signed into law by President Clinton on February 8.  The suit
challenges provisions of the law that criminalize making available to
minors "indecent" or "patently offensive" speech.  Acting on behalf of 20 individuals and organizations that provide
information via the Internet -- including itself -- the ACLU said it
was moving quickly because it feared that the telecommunications
legislation would have an immediate impact on the Internet.  Following this action, a second legal challenge was filed on
February 26 by a coalition of more than 20 corporate and trade
organizations known as the Citizens Internet Empowerment Coalition
(CIEC).  The CIEC suit, organized by the American Library Association,
America Online and the Center for Democracy and Technology, was
formally consolidated  with ACLU v. Reno.  The CIEC lawsuit, which addresses essentially the same issues as
the ACLU challenge, further illustrates the broad spectrum  of
individuals and organizations that would be affected by the censorship
provisions, and strengthens the case for a finding that the law is
unconstitutional.  The Court Case According to procedures laid out by the judges, direct testimony
in ACLU v. Reno is to be submitted via affidavit.  During the three
days of testimony allowed, which will take place over March 21 and 22
and April 1, lawyers for the Department of Justice will cross-examine
coalition witnesses, after which lawyers for the ACLU and ALA
coalitions will have an opportunity to redirect, i.e., question their
witnesses in response to the government's cross-examination.
In preparation for the case, lawyers for the Department of Justice
have been deposing all the ACLU and CIEC witnesses it may choose to
cross-examine.  So far, government lawyers have declined to cross-
examine only two witnesses: Christine Soto and Hunter Allen, teenagers
whose affidavits attest to the importance of uncensored access to the
Internet by minors.  The government is scheduled to present its witnesses for cross-
examination on April 11 and 12, 1996.  A fourth day of testimony has
been scheduled for April 26, to allow the ACLU and ALA coalitions to
present witnesses rebutting the government's testimony.   Following
these six days of trial,  the judges will issue a ruling.  Depending
on the outcome, either side may seek an appeal to the U.S. Supreme
Court.   The Witnesses
Thursday, March 21:
--Scott  O. Bradner, senior technical consultant, Information Technology
Services, Harvard University (ALA)
--Ann W. Duvall, president, SurfWatch Inc.  (ALA)
--Patricia Nell Warren, author and publisher, WildCat Press (ACLU)
Friday, March 22
--Donna Hoffman, associate professor of management, Owen Graduate School
of Management, Vanderbilt University (ACLU)
--William Stayton, psychologist and Baptist minister (ACLU)
--Robert B. Cronenberger, director, Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh
Professor (ALA)
--Kiyoshi Kuromiya, director, Critical Path AIDS Project (ACLU)
Monday, April 1
--Howard Rheingold, author and cyberspace expert
--Barry Steinhardt, associate director, ACLU --Stephen Donaldson, Stop Prisoner Rape
(*Note: schedule is subject to change)
February 7

@_date: 1996-03-23 22:15:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: http://anarchy-online.dementia.org/book/ 
[I'm not associated with this book except that I helped HTMLize it.
                    For Immediate Release

@_date: 1996-11-03 18:40:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Telling quote from Bernstein hearing 
Tony Coppolino was also the Justice Department's lead attorney in the CDA case in Philadelphia. The Feds are grooming lawyers who have a clue about the Net.

@_date: 1996-11-03 18:54:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Private censorship or free speech? 
With the right to speak freely comes the right to decline to speak. John, as the owner of the computer maintaining the cypherpunks list, has the right to decline to speak and to kick off a user who violates the covenant of the mailing list.
The kicked-off user has the right to start his own mailing list with
different standards. If he likes, he can establish the rules as a type of
contract to which participants must agree. And observers can criticize
either or both of them. Is this censorship, double standards, and hypocrisy? I think not.
I say this as someone who has no animus towards Vulis. I've communicated
with him cordially in private email.

@_date: 1996-11-04 04:45:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks 
Libertarianism is not incompatible with strict regulations, as long as the rules violate nobody's rights.

@_date: 1996-11-04 18:45:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks 
Brigham Young University's censorhappy speech codes. Or me inviting
someone into my home and kicking them out if I feel like it.

@_date: 1996-11-04 19:04:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks 
Excellent point and well taken. "Regulations" is misleading; "rules" is a better term.
Think the Catholic Church and its historical penchant for excommunication.

@_date: 1996-11-06 04:49:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship in Western Australia 
On Mon, 4 Nov 1996 18:53:24 -0800 (PST), Declan McCullagh The subject line of this thread is misleading, which is understandable
given the content of the newspaper report. "Australia" is not drafting a
Net rating system (yet anyway). I doubt INTIAA actually is either.
INTIAA purports to be (i.e. wants to be) the "peak Internet industry body"
in Australia. However their code *does not* have the support of much of the
"industry". The present stage of the fight in Australia is, not against
government censorship, but against "privatised" censorship.
There is presently no Net content rating system based on the OFLC
classifications, nor with any luck is there likely to be. The Australian
Broadcasting Authority (ABA) in its July report on Net regulation was of
the view that that system is unworkable for on-line content (which is
correct) and proposed the development of a purpose-built classification
system. Unfortunately it appears the director(s) of INTIAA have not read
that report. The following extract from Electronic Frontiers Australia's response (of 22
Oct 96) to the ABA report tells the rest of the story about INTIAA and its
complicated proposed industry code of practice drafted by Patrick Fair of a
Sydney corporation "The Internet Industry Association of Australia".  That
proposed code of conduct, released on the 10th September 1996, proposes a
top-heavy industry body, drawing extensive levies from the Internet access
providers in order to sustain a professional council as well-funded and
well-staffed as a national professional body.  INTIAA was established with
board members representing hardware and software vendors, a national law
firm and several large Internet access providers.  Other members of the
company include media and the Taxation Institute of Australia.  It is fair
comment that INTIAA represents a sector of the market with deep pockets and
contacts in government, as indeed the Minister for the Communications and
the Arts launched INTIAA on the 15th December 1995. The proposed code of
practice makes use of the ABA's favoured PICS web page rating standard
compulsory , creates an Administration Council with a government appointee
as Chair and no direct voting by member service providers on changes to
that Code.
proposed Code places on service providers the obligation to block
"X-rated" material as if it were child pornography. A further problem for service providers is the requirement that they report "illegal" sites to
the authorities , report "RC" violations to other site administrators and
delete users to enforce compliance with censorship.
industry.  There are State Internet Associations (WA Internet
Association, South Australian Internet Association,  ACT Internet
Association) which do not subscribe to such a bureaucratic system and
which instead are developing codes of practice which more fully fulfil
industry aspirations and conform more fully to industry experience [...and...] make it quite clear that an Internet access provider cannot be
held responsible for content not originating on his or her system under any
circumstances. promoted to the ABA the notion that the industry can self-fund a policing
function as the government may direct."
The INTIAA code is a threat to free speech on the Net (at least in Oz)
equivalent to, and possibly worse than, government censorship.
Irene Graham, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.  PGP key on h/page.
The Net Censorship Dilemma: "A year from now you may wish you had started today."  Karen Lamb.

@_date: 1996-11-12 19:57:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Exon Countdown Clock and farewell messages 
I disagree. I think people understand the printing press and still want to control it. Morality police are morality police, no matter what the medium or how well they understand it.

@_date: 1996-11-13 10:40:19
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
If Vulis thinks I did an "excellent job," then perhaps I should have criticized him more harshly.

@_date: 1996-11-13 13:22:13
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Exon Countdown Clock and farewell messages 
If Exon had understood the Internet, he would have wanted to control it even more. Worse yet, his staff would have drafted a CDA more likely to pass constitutional muster.

@_date: 1996-11-15 15:28:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reminder -- DCCP Meeting on Saturday, November 16 
WHAT: DC Cypherpunks Meeting
WHEN: Saturday, November 16, 1996 @ 3 pm
WHERE: 1050 Connecticut Ave NW, Suite 850, Washington, DC
       (Between K and L streets)
WHO: From phone on eighth floor, call to be let in
WHY: A description of the crypto protocols used in the SET (Secure
     Electronic Transaction) standard
     A PGP key signing
HOW: Take the orange/blue line to Farragut West, walk two blocks north
     (past the park), 1050 Conn. Ave will be on left
     Take the red line to Farragut North, exit on L street at base
     of 1050 Conn. Ave
     From Baltimore, take BaltWashExpy south. It turns into New York
     Avenue, which turns into Massachusetts Avenue. Take Mass. Ave
     westbound to Dupont Circle. Then take Connecticut Avenue southbound.
     1050 Conn. Ave will be about four blocks away on your right.
MORE INFO:

@_date: 1996-11-20 07:30:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cyber Power in Forbes 
Interesting. I'll pick it up.
Huber likes to say that Orwell was wrong in saying technology is a threat
to civil liberties.Personally, I think the jury's still out and I suspect
he does too. But Huber also believes that saying something loudly,
repeatedly makes it true.

@_date: 1996-11-22 21:41:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Mass-market crypto phones 
As Hayek reminded us 50 years ago, even democracies can evolve into a totalitarian state.
Be ever vigilant, blah.
PS: Over margaritas and enchiladas tonight, I was talking with one of the
crypto-ITAR enforcers from State. I mentioned that I'd be going out of the
country soon and taking my PowerBook laptop. Quite sincerely, he urged me
to keep a record of when I left and when I returned for five years. You
see, I have domestic Netscape Navigator on it. Wacky stuff.

@_date: 1996-11-22 21:47:39
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Report on Net Tax Policy 
I started reading it this afternoon and interviewed some folks at Treasury about it. Read it. It talks about much of what has been discussed on cypherpunks.
(And you wonder why *.irs.gov addresses subscribe to this list?)

@_date: 1996-10-04 01:29:18
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fighting Clipper III 
You'll have trouble doing a successful boycott of RSA. What, you won't use Netscape Navigator or PGP?

@_date: 1996-10-04 19:05:01
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fighting Clipper III 
IBM truly does deserve to be criticized, soundly. When I get a chance I'll
write up the report of what happened at yesterday's IBM "let's recruit
industry to join our alliance" confab session that took place in the
afternoon at their DC lobby-office. It was supposedly closed to the press. :)

@_date: 1996-10-04 22:24:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Key recovery/RSA/Bidzos/WTF?!? 
PC World (at  has a radio interview with Bidzos, I'm told, probably in the same story for which they interviewed me.

@_date: 1996-10-05 01:56:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fighting Clipper III 
Point taken. And for the record, I've learned that Netscape pays an
upfront fee to RSA; RSA doesn't get royalties.

@_date: 1996-10-07 00:41:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Can we kill single DES? 
This is the meme I've been trying to spread -- that 56-bit DES is *not*
secure. This cuts through all the rhetoric about differences between key
recovery and key escrow, who's going to be in this industry alliance, etc. Bottom line: it sucks; your data are insecure; don't use it. That argument is one jlists can understand.
And I think I've been successful. Tomorrow's issue of a popular
newsmagazine may mention just this.

@_date: 1996-10-07 01:21:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FUCK!!!!!!;-) 
Will is hardly a "media monopoly" representive, or someone who spits out "ADS as news."
If his longtime reading of the cypherpunks mailing list wasn't a good enough clue, you may remember that Will broke the Clipper III story earlier this year.
And yes, I am a card-carrying member of the media -- and a fan of Will's Washington, DC

@_date: 1996-10-08 23:56:46
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: unsubsribe 
I, on the other hand, will unsubsribe you for just $50 in e-cash.
-Declan

@_date: 1996-10-09 14:18:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Have you had your privacy invaded? Be on Oprah!!! 
I am looking for someone who lost a feeling of privacy--
I need a "victim" to tell a story about how he or she had
her privacy invaded and how he/she felt about it.
The Oprah Show is looking for a real-life example of
someone whose name got on a strange list, or whose unlisted
phone number was given out, or whose medical records were
made known to insurance companies--anything like that.
The show is next Wed. and they will pay to get you
there if you have a good story to tell (and it had better
be a true story!!)
Call Dana Newton of the Show if you have story to tell...
Marsha Woodbury, Ph.D.        Director of Information Technology
Graduate School of Library and Information Science   UIUC
Chair, CPSR           Work: 217- 244-4643      FAX: 217- 244-3302     marsha-w at uiuc.edu
CPSR's Annual Meeting and Conference, "Communications Unleashed"
will be held Oct 19-20 at Georgetown University in
Washington DC. For information or to register, see or e-mail cpsrannmtg at cpsr.org

@_date: 1996-10-10 05:51:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Soul Catcher" Computer Chip (fwd) 
I recall Noah has something on this in the November issue of Wired.

@_date: 1996-10-10 05:54:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Forward Privacy" for ISPs and Customers 
A month or two ago, I searched through the existing DT statute and posted language that could be interpreted as applying to ISPs. If there's an ISP
exemption I missed, please post...

@_date: 1996-10-10 21:06:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Forward Privacy" for ISPs and Customers 
Thanks for the pointer; I'll check it out... Guess I should have been
looking here on eff.org rather than elsewhere. EPIC has some good stuff
too at

@_date: 1996-10-11 06:13:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PLEDGES 
I'm in for $25, provided that reasonably detailed reports of the meeting
get sent to the list for those of us who won't be there in person. And if
there's time and I go to it, I can take a collection up at a DC
cypherpunks meeting.

@_date: 1996-10-11 06:19:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
Yep, seems right to me. While I share some part of your position on the undesirability of wiretapping, Uni's remarks about it being "firmly entrenched" in the minds of L.E. and Capitol Hill are quite on-target.
Few here in DC believe in an absolute right to privacy.

@_date: 1996-10-21 06:45:05
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Paper on Network Security 
Thanks, John. The members are interesting.
MEMBER ORGANIZATIONS
   Bellcore
   Cedars-Sinai Health Systems
   Chase Manhattan Bank
   Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
   Compaq Computer Corporation
   CoreStates Financial Corporation
   Data Securities International, Inc.
   Digital Equipment Corporation
   EDS Corporation
   Educational Testing Service
   EXXON Company USA
   IBM Corporation
   IDX Corporation
   Intel Corporation    Learning Tree International
   Levi Strauss & Co.
   Massachusetts Institute of Technology
   Merrill Lynch, Inc.
   Microsoft Corporation
   Motorola, Inc.
   New York Life Insurance Company
   Novell, Inc.
   Oracle Corporation
   Pacific Gas and Electric Company
   Phillips Petroleum
   Princeton University
   Security Dynamics, Inc.
   Societe Generale
   Software AG of N.A., Inc.
   SunTrust Service Corporation
   Sybase, Inc.
   Synopsys, Inc.
   Texaco, Inc.
   The Open Group
   Washington National Insurance Co.
   Ziff-Davis Publishing Company
  Information Protection Task Force Participants
   American Express
   Bellcore
   Chase Manhattan Bank
   Data Securities International, Inc.
   Digital Equipment Corporation
   IBM Corporation
   ICL, Inc.
   Levi Strauss & Co.
   Mergent International, Inc.
   Merrill Lynch, Inc.
   Motorola, Inc.
   Novell, Inc.
   Pacific Gas and Electric Company
   Phillips Petroleum
   Security Dynamics, Inc.
   SunTrust Service Corporation
   Trusted Info
   Union Camp Corporation

@_date: 1996-10-22 03:26:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Reno at FCBA 
In my experience, C-SPAN has already decided their programming for that
day (I don't know if it includes covering Reno's FCBA talk or not) but
that shouldn't prevent you from calling Terry Murphy, the vice president
of programming at C-SPAN, at 202-737-3220.

@_date: 1996-10-22 20:13:58
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Stopping the buying of candidates 
There would seem to be serious First Amendment problems with this scheme.
If you wanted to give or withhold support, you should able to say that you did or didn't donate money. Besides, interest groups would always be able to telegraph the news of the donation -- while the public remains in the dark. It may be better for the public to have full disclosure.

@_date: 1996-10-22 20:18:45
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Chinese internal internet 
Wrong. Both are.
June 20, 1996
         HAVANA (Reuter) - Cuban authorities have approved access to  the Internet and other global information networks but will limit such access according to national interests, official media said Thursday.          The ruling Comunist Party newspaper Granma said regulations  adopted earlier this month outlined the need for access to Internet and other world information networks, while observing interests such as ``defense and national security.''          The policy of establishing who had access would be defined  by Cuba's interests, giving priority to individuals and bodies with most relevance to the country's life and development, the newspaper said.          It did not specify who such people might be, but they are  likely to come from approved state organizations and academic and research centres.          Information divulged from such global networks should be  trustworthy and in line with Cuba's ``ethical principles'', Granma said.          A committee regulating the policy on global information  networks would be drawn from ministries that will include the Interior Ministry, the Justice Ministry and the Armed Forces Ministry, Granma said.

@_date: 1996-10-24 17:13:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: New On WWW.Infowar.Com Vol I #3 
Yes. Perhaps it's time to review this book -- and associated advertising

@_date: 1996-10-29 00:01:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FDA_dis 
I'll have to reread John's piece tomorrow (I'm on vacation right now), but
it doesn't surprise me. He and I have been arguing about this topic via
email for the last week or so. He takes the traditional liberal view of government regulation of drugs is necessary; I take the more libertarian one.
The Cato Institute, BTW, will be putting together a roundtable on this soon.

@_date: 1996-09-03 03:39:48
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bob Dole on Drugs 
The Post also noted -- and this was buried inside in a short article -- that Clinton had stepped up his attacks on drugs during his acceptance speech, which I intentionally missed.

@_date: 1996-09-03 13:55:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Scoring Politicians on Digital Liberty Issues (Re: Net Politics) 
No arguments here. Check out the latest article to follow up on the
CyberWire Dispatch story in which Brock and I revealed what the
"smut-blockers" *really* block. It's in Internet World Online, at the URL below.
   Linkname: Who Will Watch the Watchmen?
   Filename:                           WHO WILL WATCH THE WATCHMEN?
   By Eric Berlin and Andrew Kantor
    Porno-filtering software may be blocking out more than most people     realize.
   Porno-filtering software or "censorware" is a big thing these days. It
   lets parents make sure their kids aren't seeing Bad Things on the Net
   -- things like pornography, violence, and information about drugs. Oh,
   and did we mention AIDS, Judaism, fascism, and some guy named Fred?
   How about any Web site in the crl.com domain? Thanks to an apparent
   philosophy of "block first, ask questions later" -- plus a combination
   of overzealousness, with a little laziness and ignorance tossed in --
   some filtering software is screening out more than most people expect.
   To top it off, often neither users of the software nor owners of the
   blocked sites know about it.

@_date: 1996-09-04 11:41:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
V.Z. Nuri, please watch your attributions. I don't recall making any claims about "ghettoization" of anonymity.

@_date: 1996-09-05 02:17:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
Others have responded with information about the Church of Scientology and
similar threats to remailers. I would add that global entities haven't
woken up to the threat of anonymous remailers and that remailers aren't
widely deployed yet -- two conditions that when they change will be
sufficient for a global crackdown.
My cover story in last month's issue of _Internet Underground_ magazine
discussed how governments can move quickly to craft international treaties
that could muzzle the Net. This is what we have to be on the lookout for;
in fact, we need to have a "friendly" country introduce an opposing
proposal that countries can bicker over for decades, while the Net matures
and strengthens and improves its defenses against this type of attack.

@_date: 1996-09-05 05:56:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
Harassment in person when someone is shouting at you in the street,
spittle flying in your face, is one thing. Online "harassment," I believe, is a problem that can be solved with technical means. Don't like someone? Killfile them.

@_date: 1996-09-05 09:10:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Letter to the Observer [re: Internet paedophile] 
Jean-Francois, your comments are inspired!
As a member of "such media" in that I still publish articles on dead trees

@_date: 1996-09-05 12:38:30
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
Why *wouldn't* the police want to shut 'em down? Because the police
respect the Constitution and our civil liberties, of course, and realize
and respect the value of anonymous political speech.

@_date: 1996-09-05 13:49:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Digital Telephony and the Net 
It's late and I'm about to go home, but my search through the text of the
Digital Telephony legislation comes up with the attached definitions the
law uses. If I were, say, Jason "The Weasel" Baron (who's my fave DoJ attorney) and
I wanted to really screw over some netizens, I might try to argue that an
ISP should be a "telecommunications carrier." If the FCC bought my
argument and thought that an ISP could in some cases substantially replace
telephone service, then DT would apply to ISPs. Then ISPs must -- at the request of "authorized" Feds acting even without
a warrant -- cough up all data coming to and from a person on their system. I'm probably wrong here and I hope I am, so I'm copying this to Marc who
can point out the holes in my reasoning.             (4) The term `electronic messaging services' means
              software-based services that enable the sharing of data,               images, sound, writing, or other information among computing
              devices controlled by the senders or recipients of the messages.
   (6) The term `information services'--
                    (A) means the offering of a capability for generating,
                  acquiring, storing, transforming, processing, retrieving,
                  utilizing, or making available information via
                  telecommunications; and
                    (B) includes--
                        (i) a service that permits a customer to retrieve
                      stored information from, or file information for                       storage in, information storage facilities;
                        (ii) electronic publishing; and
                        (iii) electronic messaging services; but
    (8) The term `telecommunications carrier'-- [...]
    (ii) a person or entity engaged in providing wire or
                      electronic communication switching or transmission
                      service to the extent that the Commission finds that
                      such service is a replacement for a substantial portion
                      of the local telephone exchange service and that it is
                      in the public interest to deem such a person or entity
                      to be a telecommunications carrier for purposes of this
                      title; but
 (C) does not include--
                        (i) persons or entities insofar as they are engaged                       in providing information services; and
                        (ii) any class or category of telecommunications
                      carriers that the Commission exempts by rule after
                      consultation with the Attorney General.
  SEC. 103. ASSISTANCE CAPABILITY REQUIREMENTS.
            (a) Capability Requirements: Except as provided in subsections
          (b), (c), and (d) of this section and sections 108(a)  and 109(b)
          and (d), a telecommunications carrier shall ensure that its
          equipment, facilities, or services that provide a customer or
          subscriber with the ability to originate, terminate, or direct
          communications are capable of--
                (1) expeditiously isolating and enabling the government,
              pursuant to a court order or other lawful authorization, to
              intercept, to the exclusion of any other communications, all
              wire and electronic communications carried by the carrier               within a service area to or from equipment, facilities, or
              services of a subscriber of such carrier concurrently with               their transmission to or from the subscriber's equipment,
              facility, or service, or at such later time as may be               acceptable to the government;

@_date: 1996-09-06 17:55:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FWD: Another try to kill democracy 
That was my first thought, but it appears the ban is being implemented, albeit slowly. Check out my message of about 12 hours ago on the topic.

@_date: 1996-09-06 19:23:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: German prosecutors redouble attack on Net, subversive leftists 
Looks like a more extensive translation now is available at:
  Tho it's still not complete. The criminal law links are only available in German, for instance.

@_date: 1996-09-08 06:04:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
If AOL wants to stop spammers, let them. They have every right to do so as
long as their agreement with their customers permits it. It's a matter of
contract law between AOL and its customers and should not involve the
spammers and a lawsuit brought by the spammers.
It seems as though the judge was snookered by the spammers' claim of U.S. Mail-like service, free speech, blah. The right to free speech does extend to corporations; in that way, it includes the right *not* to speak.

@_date: 1996-09-09 06:12:07
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TWA 800 - Friendly Fire? 
Got a note from Brock on the original TWA 800 posting from "MacDonald" --
$5,000 ain't chump change. Anyone want to collect?

@_date: 1996-09-09 06:18:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
I will of course defer to Will's grasp of the facts, since I haven't been
following this story or interviewing the principals. (Though I have read
the court's opinion and Reid's article in the Philly Inquirer.)
The judge did mention "status quo" in his opinion. I would hope that "status quo" would mean the ability of ISPs to offer and enforce whatever contracts they want -- including banning incoming spam -- without the intervention of the government. Unless, of course, the ISP breaks the contract, but in that case the plaintiffs should be the customers, not the spammer.
Contrary to what CyberPromo has been telling the press, Internet email is
not the U.S. Postal Service. In fact, the USPS has a rather horrific
monopoly that has given rise to Comstockery in the last century, the
Robert Thomas case more recently, laws giving the USPS the sole right to
insert mail in your mailbox, and las banning private enterprise from
delivering "non-urgent" mail.
That kind of bureaucratic monopolistic foolishness is not what the Net needs.

@_date: 1996-09-09 06:24:14
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Cypherpunks subscribers - Singapore and NZ gvts, plus IRS 
I suppose it would be only polite to ask the Singapore government folks and IRS employees to join our conversation.
The cypherpunks list now has nearly 1,400 direct subscribers, plus whoever reads it through local mail-news gateways.
(Note I'm not indicating that a .gov.sg or .irs.gov address implies anything about an individual's personal political beliefs.)
video at nhmxw0.fnal.gov
e875836 at popcorn.llnl.gov
foley_p at kosmos.wcc.govt.nz
cypherpunks at cheetah.llnl.gov
cypherpunks at citec.qld.gov.au
kwans at nii.ncb.gov.sg
sklim at nii.ncb.gov.sg
cypherpunks-x at nasirc.hq.nasa.gov
rromine at nsf.gov
peter at nii.ncb.gov.sg
kfall at ee.lbl.gov
timb at defcen.gov.au
marty.burkhouse at ccmail.irs.gov
peterb at lanl.gov
cypherpunks-2localnews at mailhost.dpie.gov.au
stevek at telchar.jpl.nasa.gov
il1 at ornl.gov
walters at snad.ncsl.nist.gov
bgamble at wo0033wp.wo.blm.gov
"Bruce C. Dovala" kmigoe at orion.ncsc.mil
kda36 at naic.wpafb.af.mil
mengertc at seoul-1sig.korea.army.mil
tut at ncr.disa.mil
holmesb at rl.af.mil
serverb at mqg-smtp3.usmc.mil
sezgin at tsk.mil.tr
halland at hq.hqusareur.army.mil

@_date: 1996-09-09 10:59:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
No. A customer buys service from AOL and in doing so signs a contract with the company. AOL and the customer each has certain rights and obligations spelled out in the contract.
I confess I don't know if AOL's contract allows them to block spam. But in any case, spammers are not customers.
CONTRACT - LEGAL DEFINITION
A contract, expressed or implied, is binding when six elements are present:
1.	Parties involved have the capacity to enter into a contract, i.e. mental capacity and requisite age, or the authority to obligate the 2.	The contract must be based on an offer.
3.	The offer must be accepted (acceptance by a written or oral promise - expressed acceptance, or by performance of the task in question implied acceptance.
4.	The offer and acceptance must be mutual.  The key here is proof of a "meeting of the minds" on terms and nature of the promise.
5.	There must be performance in order for one or both parties to be bound by the mutually agreed terms of the contract.  (An institution would not be obligated to pay until the contractor performed services agreed upon).
6.	The contract must be for a legal purpose or it will not be binding.

@_date: 1996-09-09 15:13:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
Thanks, Will, for the clarification. I agree that this will be a *very* interesting case and a lot of fun to watch. :)
I should clarify one thing I said earlier in which I mentioned the court's
"opinion." That seems to imply something lengthy. In fact, it was not. The
order was a one-page TRO.

@_date: 1996-09-09 23:58:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: PRESS RELEASE: GERMANY CENSORS DUTCH WEBSITE WWW.XS4ALL.NL 
Not having any accounts inside Germany, I can only say what I hear from the folks running xs4all, which is that only some ISPs have complied.

@_date: 1996-09-10 07:12:27
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TWA flight 800, surface to air missles, conspiracypunks 
Surface to air missles do not need to make contact to explode.  They have a proximity system that explodes the missle if it gets within range.
Of course, sometimes the missle does hit;  there is a famous story -- documented -- of an SA-2 (an old Soviet SAM) hitting an RF-4 during Viet Nam.  The missle didn't explode but stuck in the plane like a dart;  the pilot flew the plane back to the airfield and was told to ditch the plane when the air traffic control noticed it stuck in his plane.

@_date: 1996-09-10 21:57:33
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: TWA 800 - Serious thread. 
Last night I started reading "Main Justice," by Pulitzer-winner Jim McGee
and Brian Duffy, about the DoJ's recent history of organized crime/drug
war fighting and wiretapping. The book describes how Federal agencies have been granted more leeway in
terms of entrapment thanks mostly to a conservative Supreme Court. Scary
stuff.

@_date: 1996-09-10 22:45:51
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: China joins Singapore, Germany, .... 
The revised Hatch "child porn" legislation criminalizes even *attempting* to download the forbidden data. And has two definitions of child porn that create a kind of legal buffet for prosectors' delectation.

@_date: 1996-09-11 14:14:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Child Porn as Thoughtcrime 
I'll try to respond to some of Tim's questions. Keep in mind it's late; I'm about to go to sleep; I don't have my references here. I welcome Under the original Hatch bill, yes. Certainly under the revised one. Of course, Hatch's proposal goes even farther. There's no "sex act" requirement.
Judy Krug from the ALA testified about this, opposing Bruce Taylor.
Even under the original Hatch bill, yes.
Probably not.
Under the Knox decision, yes. (Dancing girls in leotards are verboten.)
If you're in the U.S. and are accessing photos from Sweden, yes. But child
porn laws have been harmonized, so this may be an unlikely scenario. There
is also a treaty I talk about in my August Internet Underground cover story:  Not so, says Bruce Taylor, the chief architect of the CDA and a
 professional cyber-scaremonger. The former Federal porn-prosecutor
 believes that "not all censorship is bad."
 "Foreign countries have an obligation to restrict obscenity and child
 pornography on the Internet by the treaty of 1911," says Taylor. "It's
 an agreement between the states to cooperate and to use international
 laws to prosecute obscenity." And to Taylor, books and copies of
 Penthouse magazine can be obscene.
You can be harassed by police for it -- reference the Cambridge case
linked to from  I think, though I don't have cites,
that other parents have been prosecuted for this. Not sure. Perhaps others can help?
Ah. "Obscenity" isn't speech!

@_date: 1996-09-11 14:25:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Child Porn as Thoughtcrime 
ADDITIONAL ANSWER: Because "child pornography" as defined in the
governing Supreme Court case (Ferber) sweeps far more broadly than
"obscenity" ever did (to the point that even scholars who have supported
controls on the latter attacked what the Supreme Court did with the
former).  For example, although the issues were not resolved, the case
revealed that some members of the Supreme Court believe that medical
doctors, anthropologists, journalists covering wars or working for the
National Geographic, or legislators working on new censorship legislation
might all be constitutionally prosecuted for possessing any photographic
images of naked children.    Therefore, we need to be extremely careful about any casual acceptance of the proposition that "Of course, child pornography can be banned."  What we actually mean is, "Of course, one can outlaw the use of children in obscene performances."
    Without wanting to sound too legalistic about all this, if we don't stay alert we are going to find that a significant part of the suppression work sought to be done by "indecency" can be done by "child                         *******
                Professor Eric M. Freedman
                Hofstra University School of Law
                Hempstead, N.Y.  11550
                Tel. (516)-463-5167
                Fax  (516)-560-7676
                LAWEMF at Vaxc.Hofstra.edu
                        ********

@_date: 1996-09-11 15:45:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Harry Browne a cryptographer 
Odd. When I spoke with him about crypto and geekstuff -- I thought at length -- for about an hour, he never mentioned it.

@_date: 1996-09-12 13:02:24
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: (Fnord) Edupage, 10 September 1996 
Ah, but first we make the use of non-escrowed crypto a felony. Then if the
bad guys use it we can put 'em away for another five years. No, really.

@_date: 1996-09-12 13:58:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: What is best policy paper on crypto? 
I happen to know that an influential Congresspern will be meeting with
some Cato folks tomorrow morning, so I'm assuming this isn't an idle request. ---------- Forwarded message ----------
If you folks were to pick one policy paper or book or magazine article that
did the best job of explaining why export controls on crypto were bad,
and/or why key escrow is not a good idea, which one would you pick?  I'm
looking for something that would be helpful to a Congressperson.
Please feel free to e-mail suggestions to me privately so as not to clutter
up the list. Solveig Bernstein, Esq.
(202) 789-5274
(202) 842-3490 (fax)
Assistant Director of Telecommunications & Technology Studies
Cato Institute
1000 Mass. Ave. NW
Washington, DC 20001

@_date: 1996-09-14 04:46:21
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: (fwd) Email Robot draws fire from CypherPunkz 
Path: news.eff.org!news.umbc.edu!haven.umd.edu!cs.umd.edu!news.abs.net!ddsw1!news.mcs.net!
Newsgroups: alt.privacy
Organization: University of Colorado at Boulder
Lines: 11
NNTP-Posting-Host: ucsub.colorado.edu
NNTP-Posting-User: peterson
X-Newsreader: NN version 6.5.0  (NOV)
The Cypherpunks gang has apparently attacked a San Francisco artist's
www site, harrassing him and mail-bombing his service provider in an
attempt to get him to drop the account. The Cpunks objected to an applett
that this artist had on one of his pages that would send a mail greeting
to people who had a *mail-to:* button on their www pages. This greeting
consisted of his URL only and went through an anon remailer.
More info and a sample of the email robot can be found at:

@_date: 1996-09-18 14:53:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Risk v. Charity (was: RE: Workers Paradise. /Political rant 
Clearly, we must have only professional political views here.

@_date: 1996-09-19 00:44:50
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The GAK Momentum is Building... 
I agree, of course. But Gore's office has been telling me about the "Key Recovery System" for months. It's nothing new in the DC cryptolexicon.

@_date: 1996-09-19 01:27:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The GAK Momentum is Building... 
Perhaps I'm missing something here. If a key recovery infrastructure is required, let it develop free of government coercion and intervention. Let the free market develop it. If the KRI is indeed free, the Feds won't have any problems with us escrowing keys in Switzerland or Belize, will they?
The White House is not backpedaling as much as trying other attacks. Like having Clinton call wavering Democratic senators on Senate Commerce and reminding them of their political obligations to him in an election year.
And like the government-mandated key recovery infrastructure.
The fight is anything but over.

@_date: 1996-09-24 05:50:11
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
Not necessarily.
The Supreme Court has upheld Title VII's ban on workplace "harassment." The Court said it occured when "discriminatory intimidation, ridicule, and
insult" in a workplace create an uncomfortable "working environment." Then there's public accomodation law, under which the (I recall) Greek
owner of a privately-operated diner was held liable for using the word
"nigger" where a black woman could overhear. Clearly, speech that makes someone uncomfortable must be banned by the (More on some of this at

@_date: 1996-09-25 02:05:43
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: We removed radikal 154 from xs4all :( 
I agree with Sameer -- I don't think Germany wins.
The information is still online. A quick Altavista search will take you to
it. The mirror sites' continued existence forces Gemany's hand; now
they'll have to try and block the rest of the sites.

@_date: 1996-09-25 13:21:59
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: SAY WHAT? [Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write!] 
Libertarian philosophy is, however, sympathetic to vigilantism. True
libertarians might characterize AP-type schemes as allowing two forms of
action: just assassination (Hitler, Stalin) and unjust murder (most
everyone else). But reasonable libertarians will probably disagree where lines should be drawn.

@_date: 1996-09-25 23:54:10
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Lexis and Privacy - Bill approaches. 
This would be good if the bills were written well and thoughtfully. Unfortunately, they explicitly extend executive branch regulatory
jurisdiction to the Net. At least the one I read did; I understand there
are multiple versions.

@_date: 1996-09-26 06:14:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
At today's SAFE crypto hearing in the House, Congressperns quizzed Gorelick about what the fuck the administration is trying to do by having their lackies attach amendments to the omnibus export act that would prevent judicial review of Commerce Dept export control decisions. It's already cleared the House.
"no court shall have power or jurisdiction to review any such decision by an action in the nature of mandamus or otherwise."

@_date: 1996-09-27 13:56:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
Anonymity and nonescrowed crypto are the linchpins of AP and its more general case, Maysian crypto anarchy. The withering of the nation-state. Whatever you want to call it.
To prevent it, governments will ban both. A criminal law, passed in the
wake of say a bombing this fall in Washington, DC, banning nonescrowed
crypto. (Freeh will assert he has evidence the terrorists used PGPhone.)
And another law banning online anonymity. What then, Mr. Bell?

@_date: 1996-09-28 06:17:36
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Public Schools 
Yeah, Fairfax has good schools. But you're misrepresenting the truth: what school has the highest *percentage* of 1600 SATers, etc.
I suspect Jefferson High is larger than most private schools.

@_date: 1996-09-29 02:51:15
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: quotation 
That came from a report Kenneth filed for the fight-censorship list from Paris earlier this week after his dinner conversation with U.S. OECD  I don't forward everything to cypherpunks. If you want to read the stuff, subscribe to the list:

@_date: 1997-08-01 00:14:38
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: I did get the infamous IRS letter after all 
[I check eff.org only rarely. --Declan]
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Received: from tcs_gateway1.treas.gov (tcs-gateway1.treas.gov [204.151.245.2])
          by eff.org (8.8.5/8.8.4) with SMTP
Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov id AA19660
  (InterLock SMTP Gateway 3.0 for declan at eff.org);
  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 18:47:02 -0400
Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov (Internal Mail Agent-2);
  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 18:47:02 -0400
Received: by tcs_gateway1.treas.gov (Internal Mail Agent-1);
  Fri, 18 Jul 1997 18:47:02 -0400
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
July 18, 1997
JAMES D. BELL PLEADS GUILTY TO OBSTRUCTING THE IRS AND USING FALSE SOCIAL
SECURITY NUMBERS
United States Attorney Kate Pflaumer announced that JAMES DALTON BELL, 39,
pleaded guilty today in the federal court in Tacoma to two felony charges.
BELL, a resident of Vancouver, Washington, pleaded guilty to obstructing and
impeding the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and to falsely using a social
security number with the intent to deceive.  United States District Court
Judge Franklin D. Burgess presided over today's proceedings.
The charges stem from an investigation initiated in October, 1996 by IRS
Internal Security Inspectors into reports that BELL was gathering the names
and home addresses of IRS employees. In previous court hearings, IRS
Inspectors testified that BELL had obtained the names and home addresses of
70 IRS employees as part of  "Operation LocatIRS." In the eight page plea
agreement signed by BELL, he acknowledged that he had gathered the names and
addresses of the IRS employees in order to intimidate them in the
performance of their official duties.
During the course of their investigation, IRS Inspectors discovered that
BELL was advocating a scheme called "Assassination Politics", whereby
persons would be rewarded with "digital cash" for killing certain
undesirable people.  BELL identified these undesirables as government
employees, such as IRS employees, who would be intimidated from enforcing
internal revenue laws for fear of being assassinated.  In the plea
agreement, BELL admitted that he suggested using "Assassination Politics" as
an enforcement mechanism for the "Multnomah County Common Law Court", and
that this was part of his effort to obstruct and impede the enforcement of
internal revenue laws.  In affidavits previously filed in this case, IRS
investigators identified BELL as a participant in the "Multnomah County
Common Law Court", which was described as a self-appointed anti-government
extremist group which purports to hold "trials" of IRS and other Government
employees for the performance of their official duties.  The affidavits
indicated that in January, 1997 the "Multnomah County Common Law Court" held
a "trial" of IRS and other Government officials.  In the plea agreement, BELL also admitted that on March 16, 1997, he
conducted a chemical "stink bomb" attack on the IRS office in Vancouver,
Washington, using the noxious chemical mercaptan.  In affidavits filed with
the Court, IRS Inspectors tied BELL to two previous mercaptan attacks
against non-government targets: one being a lawyer's office in 1984, and the
other a vehicle in 1989.  The IRS investigators also linked BELL to two
purchase orders for noxious chemicals, one in 1994 and one in 1996.
According to the plea agreement, the attack on the IRS office resulted in a
cost to the government of $1,359, and caused a number of IRS employees to
have to leave work.  In an affidavit previously filed in this case, IRS
Inspectors indicated that the mercaptan attack may have been linked to the
February 20, 1997 seizure of BELL's vehicle by the IRS for unpaid taxes.
As part of the plea agreement, BELL also admitted that he used several
different social security numbers in order to hide assets from the IRS and
thus to impede the IRS's ability to collect taxes he owed and to prevent the
IRS from levying his wages.
Federal agents had previously executed two search warrants on BELL's
residence.  On April 1, 1997, IRS agents seized computers, documents, and
firearms during a search.  In a follow-up search, the Environmental
Protection Agency seized a variety of dangerous chemicals which had been
discovered during the execution of the  IRS warrant.  BELL was arrested by
IRS Inspectors on May 16, 1997.  BELL continues to be held in custody based
on a May 23, 1997 ruling by Magistrate Judge J. Kelley Arnold that BELL
posed a danger to the community and was a flight risk.
BELL faces a maximum sentence of three years in prison and a $250,000 fine
for the obstruction charge, and five years and a $250,000 fine for using a
phony social security number.
The IRS received assistance in the investigation of BELL from the Portland
Police Bureau, Oregon Department of Justice, Oregon State Police, Federal
Bureau of Investigation, and the Vancouver, Washington Police Department.
