
@_date: 2002-06-26 09:51:58
@_author: Donald Eastlake 3rd 
@_subject: privacy <> digital rights management 
The spectrum from 2 people knowing something to 2 billion knowing
something is pretty smooth and continuous. Both DRM and privacy have to
do with controlling material after you have released it to someone who
might wish to pass it on further against your wishes. There is little
*tehcnical* difference between your doctors records being passed on to
assorted insurance companies, your boss, and/or tabloid newspapers and
the latest Disney movies being passed on from a country where it has
been released to people/theaters in a country where it has not been
The only case where all holders of information always have a common
interest is where the number of holder is one.
"Privacy", according to the usual definitions, involve controlling the
spread of information by persons autorized to have it. Contrast with
secrecy which primarily has to do with stopping the spread of
information through the actions of those not authorized to have it.
That's secrecy technology, not privacy technology.
Sure, you can't have either privacy or DRM with plain paper texts or
plaintext digital data on untrusted hardware. That's pretty obvious. A
xerographic copier works just as well on a "private" handwritten letter
as it does on a mass produced printed page. And if you want to argue
that total privacy and DRM are unobtainable because anyone knowing
something in their mind can trasnmit it in plain text, sure. But that
does not mean that, at least in principal, it is impossible to achieve
"technical privacy"  thorugh crypto and trusted hardware where the
information can not be improperly passed on by an authorized holder
other than via their mind.
You are confusing privacy with secrecy and are confusing
accidental/historic differences between privacy and DRM with their
essential techncial identity.

@_date: 2003-06-03 23:25:26
@_author: Donald Eastlake 3rd 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
See  Donald E. Eastlake 3rd                       dee3 at torque.pothole.com
 155 Beaver Street              +1-508-634-2066(h) +1-508-851-8280(w)
 Milford, MA 01757 USA                   Donald.Eastlake at motorola.com
