
@_date: 2002-08-10 15:51:26
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: responding to claims about TCPA 
Who owns the key?  If you bought the smartcard, you generated the key
yourself on the smartcard, and you control it, then it is probably
benefitting you.  If the smartcard came preprogrammed with a
certificate from the manufacturer, then I would say that it is
protecting the third party from you.
The difference is proving that you are being honest to someone else
vs. an application proving to YOU that it is being honest.  Again, it
is a question of ownership.  There is the DRM side (you proving to
someone else that you are being honest) vs. Virus Protection (an
application proving to _you_ that it is being honest).

@_date: 2002-06-08 23:18:56
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: PKI: Only Mostly Dead 
It's clearly not your shoe size in kilo-angstroms, unless you have
MIGHTY large feet.  According to 'units', that works out to 4860

@_date: 2002-06-24 10:34:52
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Ross's TCPA paper 
I, for one, can vouch for the fact that TCPA could absolutely
be applied to a DRM application.  In a previous life I actually
designed a DRM system (the company has since gone under).  In
our research and development in '96-98, we decided that you need
at least some trusted hardware at the client to perform any DRM,
but if you _did_ have some _minimal_ trusted hardware, that would
provide a large hook to a fairly secure DRM system.
Check the archives of, IIRC, coderpunks... I started a thread entitled
The Black Box Problem.  The issue is that in a DRM system you (the
content provider) wants to verify the operation of the client, even
though the client is not under your control.  We developed an online
interactive protocol with a sandbox environment to protect content,
but it would certainly be possible for someone to crack it.  Our
threat model was that we didn't want people to be able to use a hacked
client against our distributation system.
We discovered that if we had some trusted hardware that had a few key
functions (I don't recall the few key functions offhand, but it was
more than just encrypt and decrypt) we could increase the
effectiveness of the DRM system astoundingly.  We thought about using
cryptodongles, but the Black Box problem still applies.  The trusted
hardware must be a core piece of the client machine for this to work.
Like everything else in the technical world, TPCA is a tool..  It is
neither good nor bad; that distinction comes in how us humans apply
the technology.

@_date: 2003-04-01 16:47:27
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Run a remailer, go to jail? 
I'll see if I can get there.  I'm not sure I can.  But I know a
number of other MIT-types who are considering going.  If I can
go I'll try to keep notes.  If I can't go, then hopefully someone
else can take some notes.

@_date: 2003-06-05 20:30:54
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Actually, the ASN.1 part is a major factor in the X.509
interoperability problems.  Different cert vendors include different
extensions, or different encodings.  They put different information
into different parts of the certificate (or indeed the same
information into different parts).  Does the FQDN for a server cert
belong in the DN or some extension?  What about the email address for
a user cert?
That's a different problem (namely that the "big guys" like RSA
Security, Microsoft, and Verisign don't sell PGP-enabled software or
PGP certificates).  PGP's problem is an integration problem, making
it easy to use for non-techies.  That has been the barrier to entry
for PGP.
This is only part of the problem... It is not all of it.  Indeed the
cost (both in money, time, and headache) has always been a barrier to
entry.  I don't believe that market or political forces are the largest
problem with X.509....  I will certainly agree that the cost is a
major impediment.
The question is:  how do we convince M$ and Netscape to include something
else in their software?  If it's not supported in IE, then it wont be
available to the vast majority of users out there.

@_date: 2003-06-05 20:54:21
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Maybe It's Snake Oil All the Way Down 
Except some CAs make certs that can only work as an SSL server and not
an SSL client, or don't work with certain verifiers, or can't be
parsed right, or have the "commit-bit" set on some extensions.  It's
been a major pain in a problem that I'm working on -- not all vendor's
certs work properly.

@_date: 2003-05-13 09:06:18
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: A Trial Balloon to Ban Email? 
The same way you know you have the right answer with certain other
hard problems -- you choose a problem that's one-way hard.  For
example: factoring.  Factoring a large number is hard.  Verifying you
have the right answer is easy (you just multiply the factors and see
if you've got the right answer).  So, just choose from the class of
self-verifying problems.
OTOH, I still think a micro-payment postage system is a better idea.
The sender puts a micro-payment into the mail header to pay the
recipient to accept/read the message.  For non-spam, the receipient
doesn't need to cash the payment (or can just return it to the
sander).  For spam, the receipient collects the money (thereby costing
the spammer real $$$ to send spam, if most receipients actually
collect).  The only remaining architectural problem is how to handle
mailing lits.
