
@_date: 1997-10-04 04:45:18
@_author: Anonymous (via bureau42 remailer 
@_subject: C'Punk Action Project - Help the Newbie 
We need to compile a list of people that law-abiding citizens can send
copies of their secret keys.
I will start the list with those that the LAC has already mentioned.
Surely other C'punks will have their own nominees for this position
of supreme trust.
1. The FBI guy who shot Randy Weaver's wife.
2. The FBI guy, Kahoe, who ordered evidence of the FBI murder of
   citizens destroyed.
3. One of the other four top FBI officials who helped with the
   cover-up?
4. Your drug drug dealer, to pass along to his CIA connection.
5. A Jewish person, to give to the Mossad, to pass on to the CIA.
6. The NYC cop with the toilet plunger in his hand.

@_date: 1997-10-06 03:04:26
@_author: Anonymous (via bureau42 remailer 
@_subject: Pretty Good Piracy 
If anyone has a copy of Viacrypt's Pretty Good Prying, it would be nice
if they would make it available to those who want to get to work finding
out how to best sabotage it.
I am not against Viacrypt producing surveillance software for those who
want it, but I resent their perversion of a product whose reputation
capital is the result of the integrity and effort of a great many people
whose interests lie in privacy, not in surruptitious surveillance.
I can guarantee that any system I have access to which contains this
twisted sister of PGP will have my hand up its dress, playing with its
private parts.
What is ViaCrypt's marketing plan?
"Make sabotaging the security of your system a badge of honour among
 the elite of the computer security industry. Buy mis-represented PGP."
"You need not fear our product having been sabotaged by privacy purists
 within ViaCrypt, because we fired all the people with integrity."
"We stole the reputation, but we wouldn't steal your information."
"It's not GAK. I was just clearing my throat."
"Tired of the employees banging your wife...?"

@_date: 1997-10-08 06:35:49
@_author: Anonymous (via bureau42 remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Nobuki Nakatuji  say:
No no, too late. I take MISTY and use in my secret
crypto program to come out soon on Foriegn web-site.
I take MISTY and make perfect.
You go, chop chop.
