
@_date: 2004-07-08 04:53:34
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Hi-tech rays to aid terror fight 
Hi-tech rays to aid terror fight
A new way of identifying metal and explosives could provide a valuable
tool in the fight against terrorism.
Airport security has become big business following the terrorist
attacks in the US.
A system that detects both metal and non-metallic weapons using
terahertz light has been developed by technology firm TeraView.
It could make passenger screening at airports more effective and
quicker, say experts.
Safe to humans
Dr Ruth Woodward, an independent scientific adviser for terahertz
consultancy firm HT Consultants, said the technology could provide one
of the most innovative ways of dealing with security threats.
"It presents a positive step forward, although the economic benefits
are yet to be determined," she told BBC News Online.
Terahertz light sits between microwave and infrared on the
electro-magnetic spectrum.
It has a number of properties that can be harnessed to screen
Unlike X-ray, it is perfectly safe to use on people. It can pass
through clothing, paper and plastics to detect metal, ceramic or
plastic weapons.
And it can identify explosives by reading their characteristic spectral
Magic wand
TeraView is a firm looking at ways of exploiting terahertz light.
It is developing a handheld security wand that could be used by airport
security guards to pass over the body of passengers.
It is expected that the product will be available for commercial use
within two years, following a trial at an as yet unspecified airport.
The firm is partnering with detection equipment firm Smiths Detection
on the project.
The terahertz 'wand' will be attached to a box which will bleep when
suspicious objects are found.
Eventually the firm also hopes to make a walk-through portal that uses
the same techniques as the wand to scan passengers.
"The big challenge for airports is to keep the passengers happy and
provide a high level of security," said Dr Mike Kemp, the
vice-president of TeraView.
"What we are trying to do with terahertz light is create something that
is more automatic and reduces the dependence on the sharp-eyed
operator," he said.
Turning to technology
The technology is not likely to replace current methods of scanning,
rather will sit alongside them, he explained.
And there is no substitute for old-fashioned human alertness.
"Any technology, whether it is new or old, is only there to complement
commonsense," said Dr Woodward.
Following the September 11 attacks, airport security has taken on a
new-found urgency.
"Many companies are looking at new technologies that can offer
substantially increased security," said Chris Yates, aviation security
editor at Jane's Transport.
A system that blows air at passengers to detect explosives is under
trial at Terminal One of Manchester airport.
And several US airports are testing technology that can virtually
undress passengers to detect any suspicious items.
This has caused uproar from civil liberty organisations in the US and
led to some modification to allow passengers a degree of modesty.
"Basically the most sensitive areas of the body have been blocked out,"
said Mr Yates.
Terahertz light is the last unexplored frontier of the radio wave and
light spectrum. and can be also be utilised in a variety of ways such
as medical imaging.
Story from BBC NEWS:
Published: 2004/07/08 08:05:37 GMT
Archives at: Weblog at: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07078, 11.61144            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
         [demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature]

@_date: 2005-12-12 04:32:17
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Airport ID checks legally enforced? 
Airport ID checks legally enforced?
By Declan McCullagh
Story last modified Thu Dec 08 12:40:00 PST 2005
SAN FRANCISCO--A federal appeals court wrestled Thursday with what
seems to be a straightforward question: Can Americans be required to
show ID on a commercial airline flight?
John Gilmore, an early employee of Sun Microsystems and co-founder of
the Electronic Frontier Foundation, says the answer should be "no."
The libertarian millionaire sued the Bush administration, which
claims that the ID requirement is necessary for security but has
refused to identify any actual regulation requiring it.
A three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals seemed
skeptical of the Bush administration's defense of secret laws and
regulations but stopped short of suggesting that such a rule would be
necessarily unconstitutional.
"How do we know there's an order?" Judge Thomas Nelson asked.
"Because you said there was?"
Replied Joshua Waldman, a staff attorney for the Department of
Justice: "We couldn't confirm or deny the existence of an order."
Even though government regulations required his silence, Waldman
said, the situation did seem a "bit peculiar."
"This is America," said James Harrison, a lawyer representing
Gilmore. "We do not have secret laws. Period." Harrison stressed that
Gilmore was happy to go through a metal detector.
Gilmore sued the federal government after being told he could not fly
without ID from Oakland, Calif., to Washington, D.C., which he said
he was doing to exercise his First Amendment right to petition the
government for a redress of grievances. U.S. District Judge Susan
Illston dismissed (PDF) his case in March 2004, ruling that Gilmore
had "numerous other methods of reaching Washington."
Oral arguments on Thursday, which lasted about 40 minutes, returned
repeatedly to that point. Judge Richard Paez suggested that when your
ID is requested at an airport, "You can always leave."
Waldman, the Justice Department attorney, said that as long as no
commercial airline flight is required, Americans "can assemble
wherever they want. They can petition wherever they want." He added,
"I'm not aware of any right to travel anonymously."
Two cases that were mentioned on Thursday could provide a glimpse
into how the appeals court will rule. In one, decided in 2004, the
U.S. Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that police could arrest anyone they
stopped who refused to show ID. In the other, U.S. v. Davis, the 9th
Circuit said in 1973 that airport searches were permissible as a form
of administrative screening.
It's unclear what will happen next. Because of a procedural twist
involving lawsuits against federal agencies, the district court
concluded that only an appeals court enjoys authority to resolve some
aspects of the dispute. But the 9th Circuit judges also could, if
they side with Gilmore, send the case back to the lower court for a
full trial.
On the courthouse steps after the arguments, Gilmore said he felt
confident about the case and welcomed a verbal concession from the
Justice Department. "I was glad the government admitted it was
'peculiar' and Orwellian to make secret laws," Gilmore said.
The Justice Department has said it could identify the secret law
under seal, which would be available to the 9th Circuit but not
necessarily Gilmore's lawyers. But any public description would not
be permitted, the department said.
Weblog at: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-20 08:25:41
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] San Francisco leaders voice concerns about Wi- 
Fi project
Reply-To: dewayne at warpspeed.com
San Francisco leaders voice concerns about Wi-Fi project
Agency members want to avoid a restrictive franchise deal
News Story by Stephen Lawson
DECEMBER 19, 2005 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - San Francisco's plan for
citywide Wi-Fi ran into some friction Friday from a local regulatory
The government of the City and County of San Francisco is readying a
request for proposal (RFP) for the wireless network, which is
intended to provide free or affordable Internet access throughout
most of the city. Several possible partners, including Google Inc.,
EarthLink Inc., Motorola Inc. and a local nonprofit project called
SFLan, have already expressed interest in the project through an
earlier request for information. The San Francisco plan would become
one of the largest rollouts yet of government-initiated broadband, a
concept that has generated heated political discussion in the past
several months.
At a hearing Friday, some members of San Francisco's Local Agency
Formation Commission (LAFCO) grilled Chris Vein, director of the
city's Department of Technology and Information Services (DTIS),
about the process of deciding how to build and operate the network.
LAFCO, made up of San Francisco county supervisors and members of the
public, has a broad oversight role, including approval of district
boundaries and annexation of land as well as contract approvals. The
agency's aim in the hearing was to stimulate discussion, supervisor
and LAFCO member Jake McGoldrick said in an interview after the meeting.
County Supervisor Ross Mirkarimi and other LAFCO members said they
fear a deal like San Francisco's current franchise agreement with
cable operator Comcast Corp., in which the board of supervisors has
been presented with already negotiated franchise deals that it must
approve or vote down. DTIS handles cable franchise administration and
other communications and IT responsibilities for the city as well as
spearheading the Wi-Fi project.
Weblog at: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-12-26 02:25:43
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Boundless' CEO to speak at NYC Wireless: Using 
City-Scale WiFi to Fight Crime
Reply-To: dewayne at warpspeed.com
[Note:  For readers in the NYC area.  DLH]
Weblog at: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-07-21 07:09:49
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Iraq Wireless 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Mike Cheponis.  DLH]
Weblog at: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-11-09 07:44:54
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Apple tries to patent 'tamper-resistant software' 
Apple tries to patent 'tamper-resistant software'
By Ina Fried
Story last modified Wed Nov 09 11:16:00 PST 2005
Apple Computer, which is in the process of switching to computers
based on the omnipresent Intel processor, has filed a patent
application describing a method for securely running Mac OS X on
specific hardware.
The Mac maker has applied for a patent to cover a "system and method
for creating tamper-resistant code." Apple describes ways of ensuring
that code can be limited to specific hardware, even in a world in
which operating systems can be run simultaneously, in so-called
virtual machines. The patent application was made in April of 2004,
but only made public last Thursday.
In its application, Apple describes a means of securing code using
either a specific hardware address or read-only memory (ROM) serial
number. Apple also talks about securing the code while interchanging
information among multiple operating systems. Mac OS X, Windows and
Linux are called out specifically in the filing.
"This invention relates generally to the field of computer data
processing and more particularly to techniques for creating tamper-
resistant software," Apple says in its patent filing. Specifically,
Apple refers to the technique of "code obfuscation," in which
software makers employ techniques that make it harder for those using
debuggers or emulators to figure out how a particular block of code
is working.
Apple's patent application comes as the company prepares to offer its
Mac OS X operating system for Intel-based chips, with the first
machines slated to go on sale next year.
Historically, the company has had to worry less about the Mac running
on non-Apple hardware because it has used different chips and other
components from those that power Windows PCs. With its move to Intel
chips, though, the innards of the Mac will become more similar to
those of its Windows-based counterparts.
The company said it is not planning on supporting Windows or other
operating systems on the Intel-based Macs it sells but has also said
it doesn't plan on taking steps to prevent Mac owners from running
other operating systems.
"We won't do anything to preclude that," Apple Senior Vice President
Phil Schiller told CNET News.com in June.
However, Schiller also said Apple has no plans to allow its operating
system to run on non-Apple hardware. "We will not allow running Mac
OS X on anything other than an Apple Mac," he said. An Apple
representative declined to comment Wednesday on the patent filing.
Clearly, though, Apple is gearing up the intellectual property push
around the Intel move.
The company has reportedly been beefing up the technology that
constrains the Intel versions of Mac OS X to run only on authorized
machines, to this point a set of test Macs given to developers. The
company has also applied for a trademark on Rosetta, its technology
for running existing Mac programs on the Intel chips.
Weblog at: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-26 11:40:25
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] China Tightens Its Restrictions for News Media 
on the Internet
Reply-To: dewayne at warpspeed.com
[Note:  This item comes from reader John McMullen.  DLH]
Weblog at: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-09-30 09:44:43
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Wireless access for all? Google plan would 
offer free Internet throughout SF
Reply-To: dewayne at warpspeed.com
Wireless access for all?
Google plan would offer free Internet throughout SF
- Verne Kopytoff and Ryan Kim, Chronicle Staff Writers
Friday, September 30, 2005
Google Inc. has proposed to blanket San Francisco with free wireless
Internet access, placing a marquee name behind Mayor Gavin Newsom's
effort to get all residents online whether they are at home, in a
park or in a cafe.
The offer by the Mountain View search engine was one of many
competing bids received by the city before its deadline Friday.
Officials will now review the submissions and make a decision about
which, if any, of the candidates get the green light for so-called Wi-
Fi service.
In joining the competition, Google is showing yet another sign of its
boundless ambition. In the past few months, the company has released
a succession of new products including instant messaging and
telephone service that take it further from its search engine roots.
The proposal furthers existing speculation that Google intends to
create a free national Wi-Fi network. If so, it could pose a serious
challenge to existing Internet service providers, such as SBC-Yahoo,
Earthlink, Comcast and America Online, which charge subscriptions for
wire connections.
"This is a great opportunity to provide a community service to the
Bay Area," said Chris Sacca, who oversaw Google's wireless Internet
bid in San Francisco. "This furthers the goal of providing access to
all residents and visitors on as wide a scale as possible."
Mayor Newsom unveiled a goal of a free, city-wide Wi-Fi network last
year as part of his state of the city address. Since then, officials
have been weighing how to carry out despite a tight budget, finally
asking for proposals from over the summer.
As part of its proposal, Google said it could do the job without
charge to either the city or residents.
Google is a neophyte in wireless Internet access. It's experience is
limited to tests at a gym and cafe near its headquarters and at
Bryant Park, in New York City.
Separately, Google sponsors free Wi-Fi service in San Francisco's
Union Square in conjunction with a local start-up, Feeva.
Competitors who submitted responses to the city's request for
comments said Google's proposal is not entirely surprising. But they
questioned the company's ability to follow through on its plans.
Donald Berryman, EVP and president of municipal networks for
Earthlink, questioned if Google had the know-how to be an Internet
service provider. He said providing the deal for free is also not
sustainable in the long run.
"We've looked into free service and we haven't found a model where
free works," said Berryman. "At some point free becomes less
sustainable because there's no way to upgrade service and the
networks when no one's paying for it."
Chuck Haas, CEO of MetroFi, which runs two wi-fi networks in
Cupertino and Santa Clara, wondered if Google would be meet the
city's goals for coverage.
But he said the idea of free service is not entirely far-fetched. He
said his company submitted a proposal in which wireless broadband
would be free across San Francisco but would be paid for with ads and
would have no technical support or services for users. For $19.99 a
month, subscribers would get enhanced service with no ads and
customer support.
"I believe we'll have enough people that want full security and
customer support with no ads that we could make money," Haas said.
"But no matter who the city chooses, I don't think the city will have
to pay for this network."
SBC spokesman John Britton said his company encourages competition,
but feels that governments should seek greater investment from
private companies to increase broadband service. He said in San
Francisco's case, the city is already served by SBC and enjoys more
than 400 free wi-fi hotspots, more than any other in the country.
"We feel there is already widespread broadband available today,"
Britton said.
Vince Vasquez, a policy fellow with the Pacific Research Institute,
which receives funding from SBC, said there has never been a company
willing to volunteer this kind of a network. But even if it's free,
it might represent too much involvement by the city in a sector that
should left to private industries, he said.
"Our concern is with public money and publicly controlled internet
access," said Vasquez. "We take a lot of caution about how government
should intervene in the market."
URL: Weblog at: You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-04-06 02:07:08
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Pentagon says improper data in security database 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Randall.  DLH]

@_date: 2006-08-04 08:55:55
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Hello War, Goodby Amateur Radio 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Jack Unger.  DLH]

@_date: 2006-08-17 22:01:40
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] File-sharing 'darknet' unveiled 
[Note:  Here's the BBC's take on Sweden's Pirate Party's Darknet
service item that I posted earlier this week.  This article adds a
lot of additional info to the story.  DLH]
 File-sharing 'darknet' unveiled
A "darknet" service that allows users to share music files
anonymously on the web has been launched in Sweden.
Relakks, as the service is known, allows users to send and receive
files through a heavily-encrypted connection.
It is the first commercial example of a darknet, a virtual network
set up to share files between trusted users.
The service is endorsed by political group the Pirate Party which is
running for election in Sweden under a banner to reform the country's
copyright laws.
"There are many legitimate reasons to want to be completely anonymous
on the internet," said Rickard Falkvinge, chairman of the Pirate Party.
"The right to exchange information in private is fundamental to the
democratic society. Without a safe and convenient way of accessing
the internet anonymously, this right is rendered null and void."
Closed groups
A darknet is a cordoned-off, anonymised section of the net where
users can meet, chat and swap data.
Usually darknets are confined to small tight-knit groups such as
hackers who use the secure connections to distribute information and
hacking tools.
They have also been used by paedophiles to distribute images of child
Many are invitation-only services where potential members have to
upload material to prove themselves to the group before they are
granted full access.
Similar identity-hiding tools such as Tor are used by net dissidents
in countries like China to avoid persecution for their activities on
the web.
Previous attempts to launch large scale anonymous networks, such as
Nullsoft's Waste program have been unsuccessful. After its release in
2003, Waste was removed form distribution by Nullsoft's parent
company AOL.
Unique service
The new system claims to be the world's first commercial darknet. It
is provided by Swedish company Relakks and is endorsed by the Pirate
It works by giving a user's computer a new IP address, the unique
number the machine uses to identify itself and communicate with other
machines over the net.
IP numbers allocated by your internet service provider (ISP) can be
used to trace and identify a specific computer on a network.
Computers using the Relakks system look like they have a Swedish IP
address, no matter where they are in the world.
Users can then share files, such as music or films, with any other
users. In theory anyone monitoring user's online activities will not
be able to trace their geographical location.
The Pirate Party acknowledge that the service could be used to
distribute copyright material or other content such as images of
child abuse.
"We hear the argument a lot," Mr Falkvinge told the BBC News website.
"No, we don't have any control over what is being sent over the
network but that's the point.
"People who want to hide their activities online already have the
means to do so. We're just giving those tools to the general public."
Democratic rights
File sharing and copyright law is a divisive topic in Sweden. Until
recently the country was a hotbed of piracy where films, music and
software were readily swapped online.
Last year, it outlawed the unauthorised downloading of copyrighted
movies and music in an attempt to curb piracy, after criticism from
Story from BBC NEWS:
Published: 2006/08/16 14:00:26 GMT
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-02 06:10:13
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] THE END OF THE INTERNET? 
[Note:  Worth reading.  Also, check out some of the white papers the
article points to.  One of note: "Network Neutrality:  A Broadband
Wild West?".  DLH]
THE END OF THE INTERNET?
[SOURCE: The Nation, AUTHOR: Jeff Chester]
[Commentary] Verizon, Comcast, Bell South and other communications
giants are developing strategies that would track and store
information on our every move in cyberspace in a vast data-collection
and marketing system, the scope of which could rival the National
Security Agency. According to white papers now being circulated in
the cable, telephone and telecommunications industries, those with
the deepest pockets--corporations, special-interest groups and major
advertisers -- would get preferred treatment. Content from these
providers would have first priority on our computer and television
screens, while information seen as undesirable, such as peer-to-peer
communications, could be relegated to a slow lane or simply shut out.
Under the plans they are considering, all of us--from content
providers to individual users -- would pay more to surf online,
stream videos or even send e-mail. Industry planners are mulling new
subscription plans that would further limit the online experience,
establishing "platinum," "gold" and "silver" levels of Internet
access that would set limits on the number of downloads, media
streams or even e-mail messages that could be sent or received. To
make this pay-to-play vision a reality, phone and cable lobbyists are
now engaged in a political campaign to further weaken the nation's
communications policy laws. They want the federal government to
permit them to operate Internet and other digital communications
services as private networks, free of policy safeguards or
governmental oversight. Indeed, both the Congress and the Federal
Communications Commission are considering proposals that will have
far-reaching impact on the Internet's future. Ten years after passage
of the ill-advised Telecommunications Act of 1996, telephone and
cable companies are using the same political snake oil to convince
compromised or clueless lawmakers to subvert the Internet into a
turbo-charged digital retail machine.
Links to White Papers mentioned above: Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-10 21:24:32
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Judge Approves Warrantless Email Monitoring 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Randall.  DLH]
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-15 12:45:58
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Cellphone could crack RFID tags, says cryptographer 
Cellphone could crack RFID tags, says cryptographer
Rick Merritt
(02/14/2006 4:26 PM EST)
URL: SAN JOSE b A well known cryptographer has applied power analysis
techniques to crack passwords for the most popular brand of RFID tags.
Adi Shamir, professor of computer science at the Weizmann Institute,
reported his work in a high-profile panel discussion at the RSA
Conference here. Separately, Ron Rivest, who co-developed the RSA
algorithms with Shamir, used the stage of the annual panel to call
for an industry effort to create a next-generation hashing algorithm
to replace todaybs SHA-1.
In recent weeks, Shamir used a directional antenna and digital
oscilloscope to monitor power use by RFID tags while they were being
read. Patterns in power use could be analyzed to determine when the
tag received correct and incorrect password bits, he said.
"The reflected signals contain a lot of information," Shamir said.
"We can see the point where the chip is unhappy if a wrong bit is
sent and consumes more power from the environmentb&to write a note to
RAM that it has received a bad bit and to ignore the rest of the
string," he added.
"I havenbt tested all RFID tags, but we did test the biggest brand
and it is totally unprotected," Shamir said. Using this approach, "a
cellphone has all the ingredients you need to conduct an attack and
compromise all the RFID tags in the vicinity," he added.
Shamir said the pressure to get tags down to five cents each has
forced designers to eliminate any security features, a shortcoming
that needs to be addressed in next-generation products.
Separately, cryptographers discussed the weaknesses in the
fundamental SHA-1 hashing algorithm that were announced at the
groupbs panel in 2005. "That was a real wake up call for
cryptographers," said Rivest, who is also professor of electrical
engineering and computer science at MIT.
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-02-20 22:57:44
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] U.S. Reclassifies Many Documents in Secret Review 
February 21, 2006
U.S. Reclassifies Many Documents in Secret Review
By SCOTT SHANE
WASHINGTON, Feb. 20 b In a seven-year-old secret program at the
National Archives, intelligence agencies have been removing from
public access thousands of historical documents that were available
for years, including some already published by the State Department
and others photocopied years ago by private historians.
The restoration of classified status to more than 55,000 previously
declassified pages began in 1999, when the Central Intelligence
Agency and five other agencies objected to what they saw as a hasty
release of sensitive information after a 1995 declassification order
signed by President Bill Clinton. It accelerated after the Bush
administration took office and especially after the 2001 terrorist
attacks, according to archives records.
But because the reclassification program is itself shrouded in
secrecy b governed by a still-classified memorandum that prohibits
the National Archives even from saying which agencies are involved b
it continued virtually without outside notice until December. That
was when an intelligence historian, Matthew M. Aid, noticed that
dozens of documents he had copied years ago had been withdrawn from
the archives' open shelves.
Mr. Aid was struck by what seemed to him the innocuous contents of
the documents b mostly decades-old State Department reports from the
Korean War and the early cold war. He found that eight reclassified
documents had been previously published in the State Department's
history series, "Foreign Relations of the United States."
"The stuff they pulled should never have been removed," he said.
"Some of it is mundane, and some of it is outright ridiculous."
After Mr. Aid and other historians complained, the archives'
Information Security Oversight Office, which oversees government
classification, began an audit of the reclassification program, said
J. William Leonard, director of the office.
Mr. Leonard said he ordered the audit after reviewing 16 withdrawn
documents and concluding that none should be secret.
"If those sample records were removed because somebody thought they
were classified, I'm shocked and disappointed," Mr. Leonard said in
an interview. "It just boggles the mind."
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-07-09 18:23:01
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] re: America's robot army 
[Note:  This comment comes from reader Dan Sweeney.  DLH]

@_date: 2006-07-11 16:34:38
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] SF reviews contracts with AT&T over domestic spying 
AP NewsBreak: SF reviews contracts with AT&T over domestic spying
- By SCOTT LINDLAW, Associated Press Writer
Tuesday, July 11, 2006
(07-11) 14:02 PDT San Francisco (AP) --
City officials are investigating AT&T's alleged cooperation with the
National Security Agency and considering possible "consequences" the
company could face in its extensive municipal contracts here if it is
violating civil liberties, Mayor Gavin Newsom said Tuesday.
"If what I'm reading is true, I've got some serious problems as a San
Franciscan, as a taxpayer and as mayor," Newsom said in interview
with The Associated Press. "And I don't like it."
A federal lawsuit filed by Internet privacy advocate Electronic
Frontier Foundation accuses the telecommunications giant of illegally
cooperating with the NSA to make communications on AT&T networks
available to the spy agency without warrants. According to the
lawsuit, AT&T allowed the NSA to install data.m.ining equipment in
secret rooms at AT&T offices in San Francisco and a handful of other
Last month, the government urged a federal judge to dismiss the suit,
saying it threatens to reveal state secrets. The judge's decision is
Newsom said he has asked City Attorney Dennis Herrera to conduct
"fact-finding" on the matter. But the mayor also said he has
completed his own compilation of "all of our current business
relationships the city has with AT&T."
That review, which includes expiration dates and other obligations,
"may be suggestive that if we conclude that this is sincerely
problematic, there may be a desire to not just make a symbolic
statement of opposition, but to make a substantive one."
The mayor said he did not know the value of AT&T's contracts with San
Francisco. Nor would he provide a timetable for completion of the
city attorney's probe.
"I recognize the ability, (from) a local perspective, to perhaps have
a little more influence because we do have a strong relationship with
AT&T and I'd like to continue that," he said.
"But I also think it's a two-way street," Newsom said. "If you're
going do business with us, and San Francisco always has, we say,
please help represent the values of the people that are actually
purchasing those goods and services, meaning the taxpayers of this
The city attorney probably has the power to subpoena, Newsom said,
adding that he did not know for sure. If true, that would mean the
city might have the power to learn details of the program that have
not been publicly disclosed.
URL: Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-06-23 10:09:14
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Is the NSA spying on U.S. Internet traffic? 
Is the NSA spying on U.S. Internet traffic?
Salon exclusive: Two former AT&T employees say the telecom giant has
maintained a secret, highly secure room in St. Louis since 2002.
Intelligence experts say it bears the earmarks of a National Security
Agency operation.
By Kim Zetter
June 21, 2006 | In a pivotal network operations center in
metropolitan St. Louis, AT&T has maintained a secret, highly secured
room since 2002 where government work is being conducted, according
to two former AT&T workers once employed at the center.
In interviews with Salon, the former AT&T workers said that only
government officials or AT&T employees with top-secret security
clearance are admitted to the room, located inside AT&T's facility in
Bridgeton. The room's tight security includes a biometric "mantrap"
or highly sophisticated double door, secured with retinal and
fingerprint scanners. The former workers say company supervisors told
them that employees working inside the room were "monitoring network
traffic" and that the room was being used by "a government agency."
The details provided by the two former workers about the Bridgeton
room bear the distinctive earmarks of an operation run by the
National Security Agency, according to two intelligence experts with
extensive knowledge of the NSA and its operations. In addition to the
room's high-tech security, those intelligence experts told Salon, the
exhaustive vetting process AT&T workers were put through before being
granted top-secret security clearance points to the NSA, an agency
known as much for its intense secrecy as its technological
"It was very hush-hush," said one of the former AT&T workers. "We
were told there was going to be some government personnel working in
that room. We were told, 'Do not try to speak to them. Do not hamper
their work. Do not impede anything that they're doing.'"
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-02 04:49:03
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] New paint blocks out cell phone signals 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Fred Maia.  DLH]

@_date: 2006-03-03 17:39:04
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Bypassing the Great Firewall of CHina 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Randall.  DLH]

@_date: 2006-03-12 06:14:19
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Tracking Secret Operatives Not Too Tough 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Randall.  DLH]
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-03-18 05:34:20
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Harlan Levy: Caught Up in DNA's Growing Web 
[Note:  This item comes from reader John McMullen.  DLH]

@_date: 2006-05-08 06:58:47
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] The Code Breakers - A BBC World Documentary on 
[Note:  For those of you who don't get the BBC, this documentary will
most likely be available soon on your friendly, neighborhood
Darknet.  DLH]
COMING SOON!
"The Code Breakers"
A BBC World Documentary on Free/Open Source Software and Development
The famous digital divide is getting wider. A two-part documentary, "The
Code Breakers," to be aired on BBC World starting 10 May 2006 examines
whether free/open source software (FOSS) might be the bridge?
FOSS contains 'source code' that can be used, copied, studied,
modified and
redistributed without restriction. It has been around for over 20
years but
most PC owners are not aware that the Internet search engines and many
computer applications run on FOSS.
"It's not that FOSS has had a bad press, it has had no press because
is no company that 'owns' it," says executive producer Robert Lamb.
"But we
found that in the computer industry and among the afficionados, it is
known and its virtues well understood."
The crew of the independent producers who made the film went to nearly a
dozen countries around the world to see how the adoption of FOSS
opportunities for industry and capacity development, software piracy
reduction, and localization and customization for diverse cultural and
development needs.
Stories from "The Code Breakers" include computer and Internet access
school children in Africa, reaching the poor in Brazil, tortoise
programmes in the Galapagos, connecting villages in Spain, and disaster
management in Sri Lanka. The documentary also includes interviews
from key
figures around the world.
Intel, IBM, Sun and Microsoft all seem to agree that FOSS is a welcome
presence in computer software.
According to Jonathan Murray of Microsoft "The Open Source community
stimulates innovation in software, it's something that frankly we
feel very
good about and it's something that we absolutely see as being a
with Microsoft."
BBC World will air the two-part documentary at the following times:
Episode One
Wednesday 10 May 19:30 GMT
Thursday 11 May 09:30 GMT
Friday 12 May 16:30 GMT
Monday 15 May 01:30 and 07:30 GMT
Episode Two
Wednesday 17 May 19:30 GMT
Thursday 18 May 09:30 GMT
Friday 19 May 16:30 GMT
Monday 22 May 01:30 and 07:30 GMT
For local times, please lookup your country in the TV Listings on BBC
World's website
The International Open Source Network (IOSN), UNDP Asia-Pacific
Information Programme (UNDP-APDIP), International Development Research
Centre of Canada and UNESCO have participated in the production of this
Weblog at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2006-05-18 07:37:09
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] No one on the planet will choose this voluntarily 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Randall.  DLH]

@_date: 2006-05-30 19:30:01
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Can Tracking Phone Calls Ferret Out Terrorists? 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Matt Oristano.  DLH]

@_date: 2007-12-23 04:14:41
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] re: Enemies at The Firewall 
[Note:  This comment comes from reader Joe St. Sauver.  DLH]

@_date: 2007-07-11 05:27:10
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: Military files left unprotected online (Randall via Dave Farber's IP) 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Randall.  DLH]

@_date: 2007-06-20 07:34:54
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] DHS acknowledges own computer break-ins 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Ken DiPietro.  DLH]

@_date: 2007-06-25 06:03:32
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] John Millen: Robert Heinlein at 100 
[Note:  This item comes from friend John McMullen.  DLH]

@_date: 2007-11-05 08:39:24
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] No email privacy rights under Constitution, US   
gov claims
[Note:  This item comes from reader Ken DiPietro.  DLH]
Original URL: No email privacy rights under Constitution, US gov claims
By Mark Rasch, SecurityFocus
Published Sunday 4th November 2007 12:02 GMT
On October 8, 2007, the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth  Circuit in Cincinnati granted the government's request for a full- panel hearing in United States v. Warshak case centering on the right  of privacy for stored electronic communications. At issue is whether  the procedure whereby the government can subpoena stored copies of  your email - similar to the way they could simply subpoena any  physical mail sitting on your desk - is unconstitutionally broad.
This appears to be more than a mere argument in support of the  constitutionality of a Congressional email privacy and access scheme.  It represents what may be the fundamental governmental position on  Constitutional email and electronic privacy - that there isn't any.  What is important in this case is not the ultimate resolution of that  narrow issue, but the position that the United States government is  taking on the entire issue of electronic privacy. That position, if  accepted, may mean that the government can read anybody's email at any  time without a warrant.
What is Privacy?
In a seminal case (Katz v. United States in 1963) the US Supreme  Court, over the strenuous objections of the US government, upheld the  right of the user of a payphone to claim a right to privacy in the  contents of those communications. The Court held that the Fourth  Amendment right to be secure in your "persons, house, places and  effects" against unreasonable searches and seizures protected people,  not just places. Thus, to determine whether you had a right against  unreasonable seizure - a kind of privacy right - the court adopted a  two-pronged test: did you think what you were doing was private and is  society willing to accept your belief as objectively reasonable?
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-10-14 07:16:13
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Big Brother would be envious... 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Thomas Leavitt.  DLH]

@_date: 2007-10-15 10:36:17
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Re: Big brother would be envious... 
[Note:  This item comes from reader David Reed.  DLH]

@_date: 2007-10-23 04:02:36
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] For one company, FISA wiretaps carry a $1K   
[Note:  This item comes from reader Ken DiPietro.  DLH]
For one company, FISA wiretaps carry a $1K pricetag
10/16/2007 @ 10:14 am
Filed by Nick Juliano
Although the scope of surveillance conducted under the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act remains shrouded in secrecy, newly  disclosed documents show the costs one company charges the government  to eavesdrop on customers.
Comcast, which is among the nation's largest telecommunication  companies, charges $1,000 to install a FISA wiretap and $750 for each  additional month authorities want to keep an eye on suspects,  according to the company's Handbook for Law Enforcement. Secrecy News  obtained the document and published it Monday.
"I was actually surprised that this was such a routine transaction  that it would have a set fee," said Steven Aftergood, director of the  Federation of American Scientists' Project on Government Secrecy.
Aftergood, who runs the Secrecy News blog, told RAW STORY that the  Comcast document was the only one he has seen outlining wiretap  procedures and costs, so he couldn't compare Comcast's fees with  those charged by other telecoms.
The Comcast handbook says the company will comply with legal requests  from federal, state and local authorities to monitor the  communications of criminal suspects, and the company notes legal  ambiguity surrounding some of the more controversial tools that have  emerged since Sept. 11, 2001.
The manual says an FBI agent must hand deliver National Security  Letters to Comcast's headquarters in Philadelphia.
"Upon receipt Comcast will handle all documents with the appropriate  care and security as required by law," the handbook says. "Attention  must be paid to the various court proceedings in which the legal  status of such requests is at issue."
Aftergood acknowledged that the handbook doesn't do much by way of  establishing the scope of FISA surveillance or NSLs.
"I think it's more or an interesting nugget" of information,"  Aftergood said. "Even if there are let's say 100 or 200 $1,000  payments (for FISA intercepts) over the course of a year, I think  those would be indistinguishable from the larger revenue stream."
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2007-09-22 07:50:19
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] The secret lobbying campaign your phone   
company doesn't want you to know about
[Note:  This item comes from reader Robert Berger.  DLH]

@_date: 2007-09-22 11:31:47
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Lawmaker Probes TSA Website Gaffe 
[Note:  This item comes from reader Randy Burge.  DLH]

@_date: 2008-02-08 09:29:53
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Crossing the Lines 
Crossing the Lines
How a top Pentagon official and a host of influential Republicans  almost made sure that one American company gained a key stake in  Iraq's lucrative wireless market.
Michael Scherer
September/October 2004 Issue
The auctioning off of Iraq began in the summer of 2003 in a packed  conference room at the Grand Hyatt in Amman, Jordan. More than 300  executives had gathered from around the world to vie for a piece of  one natural resource Saddam Hussein never managed to exploitbthe  nation's cellular phone frequencies. With less than 4 percent of  Iraqis connected to a phone, the open spectrum could earn billions of  dollars for the eager executives working the room. Conference  organizers tried to keep everyone focused on the prize. "Iraq needs a  mobile communications system and it needs it now," stressed Jim  Davies, a British expert with the Coalition Provisional Authority  (CPA) who was leading the effort. "We want quick results."
But back in Washington, D.C., the focus had already turned from the  needs of Iraq to the bottom lines of a select few corporations. "The  battle for Iraq is not over oil," said one Defense Department official  involved in communications. "It's over bandwidth." And no one was  fighting harder for a piece of the spectrum than the consortium led by  American cellular giant Qualcomm with such business partners as Lucent  Technologies and Samsung of South Korea. They wanted to follow U.S.  troops into Iraq with Qualcomm's patented cellular technology, called  CDMA, a system no nation in the Middle East had yet been willing to  adopt. Even as the bombs fell over Baghdad, Rep. Darrell Issa (R- Calif.), whose district includes many Qualcomm employees, had tried to  wrap his favored company in the flag. He denounced the cellular system  used by Iraq's neighbors as "an outdated French standard," and  proposed a law that would effectively mandate Qualcomm on Iraq.  "Hundreds of thousands of American jobs depend on the success of U.S.- developed wireless technologies like CDMA," Issa wrote in a March 26,  2003, letter to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. A swarm of  lobbyists rallied to the companies' cause, including William Walker, a  former protC)gC) of Rumsfeld from the Ford White House, and Stacy  Carlson, who ran President George W. Bush's California campaign in 2000.
At the conference in Amman, CPA officials promised an apolitical  selection process that would accept any workable technology. In the  weeks that followed, Col. Anthony Bell, the chief military procurement  officer in Iraq, personally oversaw the selection of three cellular  companies, assigning a panel of Iraqi and Coalition experts to a  locked room where they reviewed blind proposals. "No names, only a  number," said Bell, who handled $1.9 billion in contracts during his  nine months in Baghdad. On October 6, Iraq's new minister of  communications, Haider al-Abadi, announced the winnersbtwo Kuwaiti  firms and one Egyptian company. Not one of them used the Qualcomm  If any officials in Baghdad or Washington thought such a decision  would be the end of Qualcomm's quest, the next six months would prove  them wrong. Like dozens of American corporations looking to influence  U.S. policybshaping everything from the banking and insurance markets  to foreign-investment rulesbQualcomm, Lucent, Samsung, and their  partners would only expand their efforts and broaden their reach into  the CPA. With the guidance of a deputy undersecretary of Defense, John  Shaw, this effort became one of the most brazen lobbying campaigns of  the postwar reconstruction, one that has brought Shaw under  investigation for potentially breaking federal ethics rules.
According to documents provided to Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.), the  companies' supporters in Washington, D.C., attempted to sneak a new  cellular license into an unrelated contract for Iraqi police and fire  communications, tried to oust the CPA officials who resisted their  efforts, and ultimately caused the delay of plans for a badly needed  Iraqi 911 emergency system. "The American corporate leaders would not  let a system be built that they couldn't make an obscene amount of  money off of," said one former technical adviser to the Iraqi Ministry  of Communications, who has since returned to the United States.
Senator Conrad Burns felt the sting of Qualcomm's defeat in October.  As chairman of the Communications subcommittee, the Montana Republican  had strong ties to the company: Qualcomm was Burns' 12th-largest  campaign donor, and one of the company's founders, Klein Gilhousen,  had recently given $5 million to Montana State University. Gilhousen  also sits on the board of the Burns Telecom Center, an academic  research program, of which the senator is chairman. During a trip to  Iraq in October, Burns spoke with officials one-on-one about the  process that had denied the Qualcomm consortium a license. "I think  the bidding was open, transparent, and fair," he said upon his return  on October 14. That same day, however, one of his chief aides began  working behind the scenes to plan a new way to get Qualcomm into Iraq,  a plan described in the aide's internal emails, which were obtained by  Mother Jones. "As you know, Senator Burns is taking flak for defending  the CPA on Iraqi telecommunications contracts which ignore CDMA,"  wrote Burns aide Myron Nordquist to one of the Pentagon's chief  networking officials. "The Senator remains determined to support CDMA."
And Burns had a powerful motivation. The stakes for Qualcomm, and by  extension Burns, were far larger than just the Iraqi market of 25  million people. For nearly a decade, Qualcomm had been engaged in an  international battle with the non-American companies pushing GSM, a  rival technology that had been developed in Europe and now controlled  72 percent of the world market. A CDMA beachhead in Iraq would set the  stage for an expansion throughout the region, with Lucent and Samsung  well positioned to prosper as leading makers of the CDMA switches and  phones. As Nordquist explained to the Pentagon last fall, Iraq could  provide a "communications link between Turkey and the Gulf."
Deputy Undersecretary Shaw, an old Republican hand who had served in  the Nixon, Ford, and Reagan White Houses, quickly became the point man  for the initiative to bring CDMA to Iraq. Shaw and other officials in  the Pentagon and Congress reasoned that establishing CDMA in the  Middle East would be possible if they could find a way for Qualcomm  and its partners to offer cellular service in Iraq under the rubric of  the police and fire communications system that the CPA planned to  purchase for the Iraqis. "The CDMA system could then morph into a  commercial service with our having total control over it," Shaw wrote  in a November email to a Coalition adviser in Baghdad.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-02-11 08:06:23
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Bush orders clampdown on flights to US 
Bush orders clampdown on flights to US
EU officials furious as Washington says it wants extra data on all air     * Ian Traynor in Brussels
   * The Guardian,
   * Monday February 11 2008
 This article appeared in the Guardian on Monday February 11 2008 on  p1 of the Top stories section. It was last updated at 03:11 on  February 11 2008.
The US administration is pressing the 27 governments of the European  Union to sign up for a range of new security measures for  transatlantic travel, including allowing armed guards on all flights  from Europe to America by US airlines.
The demand to put armed air marshals on to the flights is part of a  travel clampdown by the Bush administration that officials in Brussels  described as "blackmail" and "troublesome", and could see west  Europeans and Britons required to have US visas if their governments  balk at Washington's requirements.
According to a US document being circulated for signature in European  capitals, EU states would also need to supply personal data on all air  passengers overflying but not landing in the US in order to gain or  retain visa-free travel to America, senior EU officials said.
And within months the US department of homeland security is to impose  a new permit system for Europeans flying to the US, compelling all  travellers to apply online for permission to enter the country before  booking or buying a ticket, a procedure that will take several days.
The data from the US's new electronic transport authorisation system  is to be combined with extensive personal passenger details already  being provided by EU countries to the US for the "profiling" of  potential terrorists and assessment of other security risks.
Washington is also asking European airlines to provide personal data  on non-travellers - for example family members - who are allowed  beyond departure barriers to help elderly, young or ill passengers to  board aircraft flying to America, a demand the airlines reject as  Seven demands tabled by Washington are contained in a 10-page  "memorandum of understanding" (MOU) that the US authorities are  negotiating or planning to negotiate with all EU governments,  according to ministers and diplomats from EU member states and senior  officials in Brussels. The Americans have launched their security  drive with some of the 12 mainly east European EU countries whose  citizens still need visas to enter the US.
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2008-01-26 07:47:58
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Hackers attacked Scientology with 220 Mbps DDoS 
Hackers attacked Scientology with 220 Mbps DDoS
Posted on 26.01.2008 at 10:33 in Tech News by Martin
A group of hackers calling itself bAnonymousb has hit the Church of  Scientologybs Web site with an online attack. The attack was launched  Jan. 19 by Anonymous, which is seeking media attention to help bsave  people from Scientology by reversing the brainwashing,b according to a  Web page maintained by Anonymous (offline now). The attacks were  spurred by the Churchbs efforts to remove video of movie star Tom  Cruise professing his admiration for the religion, according to an  Anonymous video manifesto posted to Youtube. bFor the good of your  followers, for the good of mankind and for our own enjoyment, we shall  proceed to expel you from the Internet and systematically dismantle  the Church of Scientology in its present form,b a creepy computerized  voice states in the video. Anonymous followed up this dispatch with a  second video blasting the media for failing to completely report the  groupbs criticisms of the church. This video was taken down Friday by  Youtube, citing a bterms of use violation.b
Anonymous has managed to generate a measurable attack against the  Scientology.org Web site. Over the past few days, the site was hit  with several DDOS (distributed denial-of-service) attacks, which  flooded it with as much as 220 Mbps of traffic, according to Jose  Nazario, a senior security engineer with Arbor Networks, whose company  compiles data on Internet attacks. The Anonymous campaign shows some  level of organization. b220 Mbps is probably about in the middle of  attack sizes,b Nazario said. bItbs not just one or two guys hanging  out in the university dorms doing this.b On average, the attacks  lasted about 30 minutes and used up 168 Mbps of bandwidth. In the past  year, Arbor has seen attacks on other sites hit 40 Gbps, or 200 times  the strength of the Anonymous event.
Source: Cnet, Pc world
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:

@_date: 2009-01-24 12:32:30
@_author: Dewayne Hendricks 
@_subject: [Dewayne-Net] Re: Report: biggest decline in prices since the   
Great Depression
[Note:  This comment comes from friend Andrew Odlyzko.  DLH]
