
@_date: 1994-08-23 19:07:37
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: No Subject 
I most likely will get toasted for this, but here goes:
I notice tons of fear and loathing, and this feeling of 1984 is upon us, etc.
I seriously wonder who is trying to create a repressive government.  Clinton
cannot pass a simple crime bill, much less become Big Brother.  Congress
has to do tons of head butting to vote for a pay raise, much less turn
the US into a totaliarian society.
I DO agree on one thing.  If there is something st00pid proposed, like
Clipper, etc., then people have all rights to toast the puppy, but
I don't think we have an Outer Circle/Inner Circle just yet.
(From a lowly prole,)

@_date: 1994-08-24 01:39:43
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: No Subject 
To whom it may concern:
In a previous mailing called "An Asshole using PGP" which does have a valid
message and my signature, he basically killfiles me in the worst manner
Before sentence is passed, and the sound of a thousand plonks is sent
in my direction, I would like to speak my part.
In an earlier mailing, Mr. May was mentioning how annoying it is to obtain
a PGP encrypted message, download it to their home machine, and then
find a message like "wow... pgp's kwl man.".  I composed the reply
that Tcmay so generously posted for everyone to marvel at.  I signed it,
but re-read it, and DID found it to be as one would put it "nitrogenous
cow waste."  I composed another reply in the same directory as the original,
which is irrelevent now because of this ad hominum attack.
To make a long story short, I mailed the wrong file.
If tcmay feels that I am such a low life that I am worthy of the plonk
sound, so be it.  I refuse to have judgement passed on me by the whole of
this list without speaking my part.  Tim May definitely has more clout than
I do, and the people on the list respect him, while I am less anarchistic,
more conservative about the way the government is.  (I do NOT like the
pressure of GAK and the Klinton Klown stuff though, let me make this
Again, I am not asking for anything, but you not to killfile me for a
mistake, though stupid it may be.
I apologize to you, Mr. May, but I find it rude for you to take something
out of private mail, and onto this list.
Unless there is some major change in circumstances, consider this
the last mailing from me on this as I will NOT trouble this list,
and go on personal flamewars.  My mailing address is dfloyd at runner.jpl.utsa.edu, and if you have any problems, please take
this to me.  I will not have this mailing list, the only mailing list
I've really participated on polluted by petty ad hominum attacks.

@_date: 1994-08-26 05:12:33
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: PGP, digicash, and tanks 
The idea of DigiCash is a good one, and there have been many good ideas
on it, but it will be hard to implement it in the US.  The IRS will want
to stop it cold as it gets around them, some people will fear it "The
cash for PEDOPHILES", and Joe Blow will probably have a tough time
getting used to it as it is very new to him.
Another problem is being able to trust the bank who holds the notes.  It
will have to be a stable institution which does this, one that the IRS
most likely has a grip on, or can get one.
The SEC will probably want their way also.
As to having PGP on a unix box, and the risks of this, I have a
solution to this.  What I do is keep my key on my Linux box at home,
and have my mail forwarded there.  It then is simple to reply and
decode messages.  pgpdaemon and pgpsendmail also help a lot with
the quick encodes and decodes.
As to tank rounds, aren't we getting a bit off track here?

@_date: 1994-07-10 18:41:53
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: "uncrackable" executables 
As to altering MS-DOS executables, the only option that I see
that someone cannot go through is a dongle with the MD5
image signed by your public key burned on the ROM.  The
dongle will be optional, and for user verification that
the program works.  I wonder if one can boot off the dongle...
have it do its tests in rom on applications....?

@_date: 1994-06-10 14:12:58
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: Time Locks-- Re: Delayed self-encrypting messages 
(Timelock algorithm deleted)
That is a good way for locking it up for a while, but if it is really
time sensitive, the use of parallel key guessing machines would stick a
sock in this method.
Here are some (non crypto) alternatives that you can use if you want to
delay giving out the key after posting the cyphertext of the message:
1:  Give the key to a trusted party, like your attorney to give out.
2:  Find some way of getting the key lost via transport via SMTP daemons.  If
    a host gets mail regularly via a UUCP connection, bounce it X times off
    that host.
3:  Get the key "lost" in snail mail by this route.  Mail it to a friend or
    a neutral party (Many copies if you may be snuffed in the process, to
    many people, and make "smokescreen" mails too).  This would only work
    for messages with a short delay (24-48 hours).
4:  (Very farfetched, but I am running out of ideas)  Use a laser to bounce
    the key off a far planet or some body and the light travelling to there
    and back may give a decent delay.  I do not know how you would get a
    coherent message back though.
BTW:  The time-lock idea sounds good, the mail list driver echoed it twice :)
PS:  Anyone have any better ideas for a secure crypto way of doing this? ;)

@_date: 1994-06-10 15:02:00
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: PGP mailer for Xwindows 
Is there such a thing as a PGP X mailer?  Something like mailtool on Suns
or MediaMail on SGI's that supports PGP signing/encryption?
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 1994-06-13 08:27:08
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: How irritating are anon encrypted pgp messages 
This is something I have been wondering about for a while:
How rude is it for people to post (or mail to a mailing list) anon messages
encrypted with someone's PGP key?  It makes it easy for the receiver to
obtain it, but how irritating is it to people?

@_date: 1994-06-13 12:34:41
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: Anon posts (was irritating posts...) 
That is a good idea, creating a special USENET group for coded messages.
Alt.security.coded.messages would be a good moniker.
Personally, I am not familar with gopherholes or message havens, so I do not
know how good they are, and can log telnets in.  It is harder to log nntp
reads of alt.security.coded.messages or such.  If an admin is very nosy, they
could be snooping your terminal and packets as well, though...
Another idea could be an anonymous FTP site, but someone can go and delete
all the messages on there, and ftps are logged as well...
Any better ideas on being able to anon-post and anon-read with as few
ways for a third party to log as possible?
(This is for my curiosity only, as I rarely have anything worth saying that
needs this much protection.)

@_date: 1994-06-16 07:03:43
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: Another dumb question... proving dates 
I could not find this anywhere, so I will torture you all again...
In the RSA FAQ, it states how one can set up a server to do time and date
stamping of documents, but I know of no Internet service that will
do this.
Is there a way I can send a document to some agency/server and have it
time and date stamped with their public key?
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 1994-06-16 08:44:21
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: Time Stamp Server (Was: Re: Another dumb question... proving dates) 
Thanks for this... I could not find any information on a time stamper site.
BTW:  Would a timestamp like this stand up in US court assuming that the
lawyers were equal in their BS ratios?
(Kinda-smiley for the humor impaired ;)

@_date: 1994-06-17 08:30:09
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: Timestamping revisited 
I looked at that timestamper program, and hopefully this is the way that
I will timestamp items.
First I will create, and give out a program (after checking export and
other laws) that does MD5, MD4, CRC-32, and SHS hashing to an output
file, given input.  Then, I will publish the output file in two newspaper
ads (classifieds).  Then, later when I publish this program, people will
be able to tell the date by the date of the paper, and have a program
to do this.  Plus, I will include a public-key signed signature from PGP
if my program ever is thrown into doubt.
As a second measure, I will print the file out, seal it in an envelope,
put the date on it with tape, and have that and the paper with the
hash on it notarized.
What holes are in this scheme?
PS:  This is for a program  I am writing that I want to keep secret, but
     don't want it stolen if I license it to someone...

@_date: 1994-09-17 15:41:34
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: Data Havens 
I know this may be getting off track on this list, but it may be worthwhile.
I was exploring the concept of a "data haven" which, to my knowledge, a place
whose location is unknown to its users, but via anonymous remailers, files
can be stored and retrived from it.
I am going to look into writing a script or program that will allow people
to store items using a passphrase or their PGP key, and retrive and delete
the files on demand.
Here are my problems though:
1:  I am clueless about Perl, and not that great with C.
2:  One must have to "hide" behind a VERY TRUSTABLE remailer, one that
    does not go down all the time, and one that accepts PGP encoded
    mail.
3:  Would hiding behind one remailer or two be secure enough?  There
    is a problem, unlike simple remailer chaining that people need to
    be able to E-mail the script.
4:  A need for verifing that the mail got to the DH successfully since
    data errors do occur, and sometimes networks truncate mail packets.
    (Compuserve is notorius about this, so is Fidonet).
5:  A way of making verifing that the user is who (s)he claims to be.
    (PGP, IDEA, or a passphrase)
6:  Multiple security levels, so files cannot be retrived even if
    one's PGP key is compromised (user settable)
7:  How will files be stored?  Will folders and directories actually
    be made, or will they be all stored in one place with wierd names
    (to prevent name collisions) and one file be the index?  Will there
    be user names or UID's?
8:  There will need to be a way to tell if the DH is up or not.
9:  How will PGP keys be stored and indexed?  One would not want
    their files mailed in the clear.  (How would I mail files
    if the user cannot use PGP?  have a user settable password,
    and use crypt?)
10: How would people be able to trust a DH?  Data Havens, by definition
    must be _very_ reliable, yet in a secure location to prevent
    unauthorized access of the files.  What bothers me is DH's starting
    up and either croaking unexpectably or being places for Bad Guys (TM)
    to be able to snarf unsuspecting people's files.  Perhaps a reputation
    based system?
11: How would a DH turn away files because the disk is full?
12: Would integrating DigiDollars with a DH be a good idea?  (For
    secure storage of your files, we charge $1 DD per month per meg,
    and .01 DD per transaction.)  What would the DH do with the files
    if they are not paid, or double-spending occurs?
I will be working on a command set that one can use for sending and
retriving files to and from the DH, as well as an authication system that
can support PGP, DES (SunOS style), or crypt (yes, laughable security,
but some people cannot use PGP at work).
I think I will use perl for eventually writing this, but I know nothing
about perl, so will have to print out a manual or two and do some
work on my linux box...
As per my previous posts, I am very clueless, but If I can get a decent
data haven script working, it will be worth all the flames :-).
Once the script is written, all one has to do is install the script,
and ping a Penet type remailer, then post the anon remailer address, and
Voila' a DH now exists.
I apologize for the length of this post, but there are a lot of questions
and problems in making a stable, usable data haven.

@_date: 1994-09-22 23:44:45
@_author: Douglas R. Floyd 
@_subject: Data Haven via FTP 
Here is a possible way to set up a data haven using FTP, instad of
mailing your stuff.
Term is a program that allow you to set up pseudo-SLIP between two
boxes.  It also allows one to redirect ports.
If it would be possible to redirect say port 10000 on box A to the
ftp port of box B, then one could FTP to box A and that would be
for all intents and purposes an "anon remailer" for box B.
This could be chained as well... port A on Box A to port B on box B
to port C on box C to ftp on the target box.
This is a very rough idea.  Authication is still a problem.
Possibly have the files in a directory that is readable, writable,
but not "ls"-able, and the files PGP encrypted, or put them in
incoming, and the server encrypts them with the owner's PGP key, and
renames the file.
