
@_date: 1997-04-06 15:28:20
@_author: David Gilchrist 
@_subject: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
The concept is that of preservation and use by all.  The government denied
the Indian the use of the land through eminent domain, encroachment or force
which is the government's way of taking, not stealing, what it wants:  a
distinction without a difference. I agree with your other points.

@_date: 1997-04-11 16:34:47
@_author: David Gilchrist 
@_subject: Grumpy Old Cypherpunks 
I like that.  Bite me.
I like that, too.  Happy face me.
You must work for the post office.  Shoot me.

@_date: 1997-04-16 10:05:13
@_author: David Gilchrist 
@_subject: Cokie Roberts on How Internet Is Ruining Representative Government 
This is days old, but I had to get permission to forward it.  I thought it
was right on the money and I haven't seen or missed any discussion on it.
Reply-To: sgileod at sprintmail.com
Organization: None
The Roberts are part of the problem, perfectly representing the
nauseating symbiotic relationship between journalists, politicians and
the few organizations which really shape legislation.  They aren't
really concerned about the potential move from a representative to a direct government. . .PACs have already done that.  What they're
concerned about is a real opportunity to upset the status quo.  This is merely an chance for those who have become effectively
disenfranchised (by not belonging to a PAC) to have their views
considered.  The fact that this may actually help remove money from the
equation and will allow more people access to a forum and answers not
shaped by media reporting is probably a real threat to those who've
grown comfortable and rich with the current way of doing business.  No
wonder they're shuddering.

@_date: 1997-05-22 10:19:45
@_author: David Gilchrist 
@_subject: Just Say "No" to Congress 
Don't do it.  Work for yourself.  You make four payments a year. Incorporate and you don't even get a 1099.  Turbotax is hairless, painless and stupid proof. I know. I use it.
Consulting out is on the right track.  While you are waiting for the income
tax laws to change, _take advantage_ of what is lawfully available.  Crispin
wouldn't have a clue on this one.  Incorporate.  Any state.  It's cheap.
You can avoid some social security taxes for a system that won't be there in
few years anyway.  Remember when you could refile back a year or two if you
had a bad year (income averaging)?  A corporation can carry a loss back 15
years or *forward* , too, _and_ get a tax refund practically instantly.  It
is imho the levelest playing field available for the individual (wearing the
impenetrable corporate cloak (no shit, bulletproof), impenetrable even by
the irs) against taxation.  As for tax forms in April, use Turbotax.  You
don't have to know shit and it does complicated things for you like
depreciation.  Depreciate your car, your home office etc.  Own your assets
personally and lease them to your corporation.  Rents are free of social
security taxes.  Your car, your office etc.  With a little imagination you
may be able to make it fit your situation. If you're straight salary, _no_
other (reportable) income, you may be pretty much screwed but paying them
when you don't have to doesn't make much sense.
That's my point, use them when you can.
