
@_date: 2009-03-24 22:41:46
@_author: Angela Phipps 
@_subject: Levaquin stops certain bacterial infections forever. 
Just write thoose address to visit us now
have a happy st. patrick's day. cate was so happy she began yelling "let's give a hand to springtime! see you then!
mostly i just stinking LOVE knitting. (so is corned beef if you've never tried it). ps- did i say i would sew this past saturday? i meant next saturday! haha!
and totally not what you are supposed to be eating
2. to keep the bedrooms clear i throw all the dirty laundry in the laundry room and shut the door. out of sight, out of mind!  aim
i have always dreamed of going to ireland, (and scotland too- mccaleb), to research our family history, and to see the green grass in real life.
What are your tips for clearing clutter so you can focus on such a project as sewing?" well mary, let me answer your question by showing you some examples of how i deal with clutter in different areas of my home:
haha, that's my girl. last minute trip to idaho to see my sister- so much better than home blogging!
4. i don't worry about a little "creative clutter" in cate's room. i say, a good dress up/ barbie mess day better than watching tv all afternoon, right? pretty soon i will just put my 'kerchief on again and go to town. (yes, that is what cate's room looks like again, just over a month after the big clean. i tell you, i'm fighting a losing battle with that girl). does that answer your question, mary? i hope it helps! wink.
they make me smile every day. my sister and hair stylist, coco, is coming to utah county once again to meet our hair needs. i love that she's an expert knitter and yet chooses to create very simple pieces; interested? i think it would be so fun. i love her style. i am excited about my new running shoes.
when you need to be home, may you find your way.
my homekeeping secrets
she never looks like a senator from krypton on the red carpet. and i love it (thanks, coco). there's a tiny restaurant
have you seen april's ms living yet? i am craving some sunshine.
time for a new spring look...
