
@_date: 2003-12-13 01:54:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Zombie Patriots and other musings 
Nomen pondered:
   Why not? Revolutionaries need money, and the financial sector has always been asshole buddies with the police, politicians, and other pigs.

@_date: 2003-07-03 02:14:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: All quiet on the western front 
Hi, Tim,
I'm glad that you have a bout of lucidity.
The government essentially won the crypto battle, marginalizing crypto
proponents, quietly getting media and corporations under control when
crypto is concerned, and generally rising the stakes. Those of you who
have access to corporate product development documents that relate to
communications know what I am talking about. CALEA etcl. It's there,
it's real and I think that about 5-10% of development resources are
taken by it.
Most cypherpunks were relatively highly paid engineers with
comfortable lives and some time on their hands, so while crypto was
fashionable it was cool to hang out at meetings and have pipe dreams
about taking on the state. Even then, scum like del Torto started to
bank ahead and sell to the "freedom fighters" and "good cops".
But then it got much worse. After the WTC theater, being present at
essentially anti-state meetings was not considered totally benign. And
also the salaries were gone, so this beer and TV Saturday alternative
suddenly stopped being alternative at all.
So we're back to the fact that highly paid engineers in crypto field
are really not automatically revolutionaries. On the contrary.
There are very few in the general population that are cut to be true
dissenters and act upon it. Now this age brings in the additional
requirement: they have to also be decent engineers. As a result, there
are very few left.

@_date: 2003-06-07 11:04:50
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: PGP8 paranoia ? 
PGP 8 on XP declares all public (encrypting) keys created by 2.6.2 in 1998 or earlier to have "revoked user ID" and will not encrypt with them.
1999 keys work.
A bug or strong keys ?

@_date: 2003-06-17 06:29:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: [Brinworld] Car's data recorder convicts driver 
So privacy is only of value to the dishonest?  I don't think so!
I post anonymously, but not to lie.

@_date: 2003-06-20 17:09:42
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Orrin Hatch: Software Pirate 
Under the Hatch Doctrine, the computer that serves his web site
at  is a target for elimination. It appears
that the Honorable Senator was using JavaScript code in violation
of the license:
Sic 'em, boys.

@_date: 2003-11-12 09:09:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Gestapo harasses John Young, appeals to patriotism, told to 
John, it's imaginable how it feels. It's very inconvenient when men
with guns send their minions - and it wouldn't surprise me if it does,
over time, change Cryptome's attitude. Avoid heroic stupidity. Optimize
for the long run. As opposed to Mr.May, you are causing some real

@_date: 2003-10-24 02:34:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New info on Palladium 
For some updated news about NGSCB, aka Palladium, go to the Microsoft
NGSCB newsgroup page at
This might be a good forum for cypherpunks to ask questions about
There was a particularly informative posting by Ellen Cram of Microsoft on
October 15.  Among other things she reveals that the Longhorn pre-release
to be distributed at the Microsoft PDC (conference) will include NGSCB
technology.  It's not clear how this will work without the specialized
hardware features, though.
Also getting attention is a bizarre attempt at guerrilla marketing,
where Microsoft employees are running blogs to promote Longhorn.
 provides a good example.  In "How
to Hate Microsoft", Robert Scoble, Longhorn technology evangelist,
wants you to tell him everything you don't like about Longhorn.  Pull no
punches, he begs.  So far there are a few comments about DRM but not
much specifically about Palladium/NGSCB.
On another front, John Walker of AutoCAD fame, who supported
a number of quixotic projects through the 80s and 90s, like the
ill-fated Xanadu, has a new publication out.  The Digital Imprimatur,
 presents a
dystopian future for the Internet that is heavily based on the potential
negative consequences of Trusted Computing technologies like Palladium.
In Walker's view, Palladium will spawn a net where you need a certificate
to participate, and this will naturally lead to a "fully trusted"
network where not only people, but all their transactions and documents
will be certified, hence traceable and accountable.  An "imprimatur"
is a government license to run a printing press, and we will experience
the same effect in the Trusted Internet of the future.
Although Walker's story is meant to be a cautionary tale, the list of
properties of the Trusted Net is so attractive that many readers are
questioning why we should oppose these developments: an end to copyright
violation, (unauthorized) eavesdropping, scams, security fraud, SPAM,
worms and viruses.  Walker's architecture also supports search engines
that are 100% accurate, with low maintenance.  The Trusted Net limits
child pornography (and children's access to adult porn), hate speech,
employee internet abuse, and tax evasion.  It inherently supports DRM,
satisfying the concerns of content providers and providing a foundation
for wide-scale distribution of copyrighted content.
Walker has put an intentionally favorable slant on his presentation in
order to demonstrate how plausible it is that people will accept the
restrictions of Palladium in exchange for all these benefits.  The spam
menace is already leading to calls for an Internet Drivers License even
from some circles within the pro-freedom crowd, and a Trusted Net would
be only a small additional step.
While Walker's description of "how to put the Internet genie back in
the bottle" is sobering, his track record as a prognosticator is not
promising.  He was wrong about the net before, and he's probably wrong
about it now.  A rather dull discussion forum for the essay is running
at

@_date: 2003-09-07 12:19:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Making fake e-gold sites submit... 
save on desktop as anything.html as plain text. Then run.

@_date: 2004-02-22 20:45:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Freematt's review of "A State of Disobedience" By Tom 
Yes, unfortunately most of the literature of this type
fails to recognize the basic problem in the US -- that what
really is needed to ensure freedom for the rest of us is
to round up all the christians and put them some place where
they can no longer bother anyone. Preferably a gas chamber.
