
@_date: 1994-06-03 20:40:23
@_author: Edward Hirsch 
@_subject: News Flash: Clipper Bug? 
yeah, but the New York Time's "top story" is the one in far right-hand column.  Didn't they teach you that in junior high school social studies? ;)

@_date: 1994-06-03 21:00:54
@_author: Edward Hirsch 
@_subject: NYT article 
This might seem like a naive question, but I'm having a little trouble with the NSA'a logic... they are offering Clipper as an international standard, because an international standard is necessary.  However, other forms of encryption will still be legally available.  Clipper includes the "wiretapping" feature because the government has the right and the need to look into individual's private correspondence in select circumstances.  However, the NSA recognizes that anyone who wants to encode information in ways that can't be wiretapped will be able to do so cheaply and easily (according to their statement in the New York Times Assuming we take the NSA at its word (i.e. that Clipper is only meant to be a voluntary standard , and is not being introduced as an initial step towards a mandatory standard with "wiretapping" capabilities), then why does it make sense to introduce Clipper, rather than go with something like PGP, which has become a defacto international standard already?

@_date: 1994-06-09 22:15:07
@_author: Edward Hirsch 
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
Well, that's one view of rights.  However, most attempts to base so called natural rights (i.e. rights that are somehow intrinsic to human existence) have been largely unsuccesful.  It's a tough argument to make.
Rights are entities that are granted to individuals by governments/agencies in a position to do so.  They exist only after a charter is drafted, because it is their existence in the charter that gives them their power.  The most obvious response when a right is asserted is to ask where it comes from, e.g. to ask "why do you have a right to privacy?"  An answer that makes sense is to say that it is implied in this country's constitution, and therefore is applicable in this country.  To suggest that such a right exists independent of a legal context gets you into some pretty tricky territory.  You now have to make some claim about rights that are instrinsic to human existence, which implies that these rights must be common to all forms of social organization, a claim that is real tough to make about such "rights" as privacy and property.
A value can exist prior to a charter... I might say, "gee, I value privacy, and I think this value ought to be legitamized by my new charter," but until that charter has been accepted, the right doesn't exist.

@_date: 1994-06-10 21:49:09
@_author: Edward Hirsch 
@_subject: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
Claiming that certain rights are inalieable is hardly the same as "carrying the arguement" of their inalienablility.  I hold that man has an inalienable right to free and unlimited supplies of cheesecake... does the fact that I say so "prove" that this is an inalienable right?
Well, by claiming that rights exist prior to the formation of the state or charter, you are claiming that they come from the state of nature, or are inherent to the human condition.  This is what is meant by the phrase "natural rights."
Exactly.  Which is why rights come into existence only *after* the charter which declares them is accepted, not before.  The Constitution is a "legal context," that's why we can use it to justify the existence of a right... we can say, for example, freedom of the press is a right because the Constitution says so.  However, freedom of the press became a right only when the Constitution declared it, and not before.  This is why, for example, housing is not at present a right, no matter how much some people think it should be. Housing will become a right only if and when the state decides to declare it a right.
