
@_date: 1993-02-13 03:02:33
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: FCC Proposed Ruling on Scanners That Receive Cellphone Transmissions 
Please at least write a one-page letter in response to this
proposed ruling.  The idiots in Congress decided that banning radios
was preferable to allowing (or requiring) decent encryption in
cellular phones.  Now the FCC is making rules to implement the
Congressional ban.  They should hear from us, loud and clear,
that this is completely backwards and wrong.
Your letter should reference Docket Number 93-1 and should clearly
state the subject on which you are commenting.  *Then* comment...
------- Forwarded Message
        mkapor at eff.org, blau at eff.org, farber at central.cis.upenn.edu
The file attached here was received today and is too long for
inclusion in a regular issue of the Digest. It is submitted for your
comments and consideration. You might want to send your comments to
the FCC as well.
  From: raisch at ora.com (Rob Raisch)
  Subject: FCC Proposed Ruling on Scanners That Receive Cellphone Transmissions
  Organization: O'Reilly & Associates, Inc.
  Date: Thu, 11 Feb 1993 05:10:24 GMT
47 CFR Parts 2 and 15
[ET Docket No. 93-1; FCC 93-1]
Radio Scanners That Receive Cellular Telephone Transmissions
AGENCY: Federal Communications Commission.
ACTION: Proposed rule.
SUMMARY: This Notice of Proposed Rule Making proposes to deny
equipment authorization to radio scanners capable of receiving
transmissions in the Domestic Public Cellular Radio Telecommunications
Service. This action is taken in response to the Telephone Disclosure
and Dispute Resolution Act (Pub. L. 102-556). The intended effect of
this action is to help ensure the privacy of cellular telephone
DATES: Comments must be submitted on or before February 22, 1993, and
reply comments on or before March 8, 1993.
ADDRESSES: Federal Communications Commission, 1919 M Street, NW.,
Washington, DC 20554.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
David Wilson, Office of Engineering and Technology, (202) 653-8138.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This is a summary of the Commission's
Notice of Proposed Rule Making in ET Docket No. 93-1, FCC 93- 1,
adopted January 4, 1993, and released January 13, 1993. The full text
of this decision is available for inspection and copying during normal
business hours in the FCC Dockets Branch (room 230), 1919 M Street,
NW., Washington, DC. The complete text of this decision also may be
purchased from the Commission's duplicating contractor, Downtown Copy
Center, at (202) 659-8657 or 1990 M Street, NW., suite 640,
Washington, DC 20036.
Paperwork Reduction
   The following collection of information contained in this proposed
rule has been submitted to the Office of Management and Budget for
review under section 3504(h) of the Paperwork Reduction Act (44 U.S.C.
3504(h)). Copies of this submission may be purchased from the
Commission's duplicating contractor, Downtown Copy Center, at (202)
659-8657 or 1990 M Street, NW., suite 640, Washington, DC 20036.
Persons wishing to comment on this collection of information should
direct their comments to Mr. Jonas Neihardt, Office of Management and
Budget, room 3235 NEOB, Washington, DC 20554, (202) 395-4814. A copy
of any comments filed with the Office of Management and Budget should
also be sent to the following address at the Federal Communications
Commission: Federal Communications Commission, Office of the Managing
Director, Paperwork Reduction Project, Washington, DC 20554. For
further information contact Ms. Judy Boley, (202) 632-7513.
   OMB Number: None.
   Title: Scanning Receiver Compliance Exhibit.
   Respondents: Businesses or other for profit, small businesses/organizations    Action: New collection.
   Frequency of Response: On occasion reporting.
   Estimated Annual Burden:    Number of respondents: 40.
   Annual hours per respondent: 0.25.
   Total annual burden: 10.
Needs and Uses: An exhibit accompanying a Form 731 Application for
Equipment Authorization will determine compliance of applicants
requesting authorization to market scanning receivers and frequency
converters with Congressionally mandated regulations. The regulations
prohibit the marketing of radio scanners capable of intercepting, or
being modified to intercept, cellular telephone conversations.
Summary of the Notice of Proposed Rule Making:
   1. By this action, the Commission proposes to amend 47 CFR parts 2
and 15 to prohibit the manufacture or importation of radio scanners
capable of receiving frequencies allocated to the Domestic Public
Cellular Radio Telecommunications Service.  This action is in response
to the Telephone Disclosure and Dispute Resolution Act (Act), Pub. L.
   2. The Domestic Public Cellular Radio Telecommunications Service
("Cellular Radio Service") provides telephone service to mobile
customers. Cellular telephones use frequencies in the bands 824-849
MHz and 869-894 MHz to connect their users to other cellular system
users and to the Public Switched Telephone Network.
   3. As defined in 47 CFR part 15 scanning receivers, or "scanners,"
are radio receivers that automatically switch between four or more
frequencies anywhere within the 30-960 MHz band. In order to control
their potential to cause harmful interference to authorized radio
communications, the rules require that scanners receive an equipment
authorization (certification) from the Commission prior to marketing.
   4. In the past five years, 22 different models of scanning
receivers capable of receiving cellular telephone transmissions have
been issued grants of equipment authorization. During this same
period, ten other models capable of tuning frequencies between 806 and
900 MHz except for the cellular bands have also been authorized.
Several publications currently on the market describe relatively
simple modifications that users can make to many of the latter
scanning receivers to enable that equipment to receive cellular
telephone transmissions.
   5. The Telephone Disclosure and Dispute Resolution Act requires
that the Commission, by April 26, 1993, prescribe and make effective
regulations denying equipment authorization for any scanning receiver
capable of:
    Receiving transmissions in the frequencies allocated to the domestic cellular radio service,
    Readily being altered by the user to receive transmissions in such frequencies, or
    Being equipped with decoders that convert digital cellular transmissions to analog voice audio.
The Act also stipulates that, beginning one year after the effective
date of the regulations adopted to satisfy the above requirements, no
receiver having the above capabilities shall be manufactured in the
United States or imported for use in the United States.
   6. In accordance with the Act, we are proposing to deny equipment
authorization to scanning receivers that tune frequencies used by
cellular telephones. We are also proposing to require applicants for
the authorization of scanning receivers to include in their
applications a statement declaring that their receivers cannot be
tuned to receive cellular telephone transmissions.
   7. Also in accordance with the Act, we are proposing to require
that scanning receivers be incapable of being readily altered by the
user to operate within the cellular bands. To assist us in determining
whether a scanner complies with this requirement, we propose to
require applicants for scanning receiver equipment authorization to
include in their applications a statement pledging that their
receivers cannot be readily altered to receive cellular telephone
transmissions. We also propose to prohibit the authorization of any
scanning receiver for which cellular coverage can be readily restored
by the user. We solicit comment on this proposed reporting requirement
and on the definition of "readily altered."  We also seek comment on
whether additional information, such as why the receiver cannot be
readily altered, should be required.
   8. In further compliance with the Act, we propose to deny equipment
authorization to any scanning receiver that can be equipped with
decoders that convert digital cellular transmissions to analog voice
audio. We invite comment on the potential impact of this requirement
on existing models of scanning receivers.
   9. There currently are a number of frequency converters on the
market that can be used in conjunction with scanners that receive
frequencies below 800 MHz to enable the reception of cellular
telephone transmissions. We are proposing to deny equipment
authorization to converters that tune, or can be readily altered by
the user to tune, cellular telephone frequencies. We will require that
applicants for FCC equipment authorization of frequency converters
used with scanners include in their applications a statement pledging
that the converters cannot be easily altered to enable a scanner to
receive cellular transmissions. We seek comment on whether this
statement should also include evidence indicating why the converter
cannot be easily modified.
   10. The Initial Regulatory Flexibility Analysis is contained in the
text of the Notice.
11. Comment Dates
   Pursuant to applicable procedures set forth in 47 CFR 1.415 and
1.419, interested parties may file comments on or before February 22,
1993, and reply comments on or before March 8, 1993. In order to
comply with the requirement of the Telephone Disclosure and Dispute
Resolution Act that FCC rules be promulgated within 180 days of
enactment, we will proceed with this Notice without furnishing a prior
text as provided by Article 607 of the United States-Canada Free-Trade
Implementation Act of 1988 (Pub. L. 100-499, 102 Stat. 1851). To do so
would frustrate achievement of a legitimate domestic objective. In
addition, the Commission is not likely to be able to accommodate
requests for extension of the comment periods. To file formally in
this proceeding, you must file an original and five copies of all
comments, reply comments, and supporting comments. If you want each
Commissioner to receive a copy of your comments, you must file an
original plus nine copies. You should send comments and reply comments
to Office of the Secretary, Federal Communications Commission,
Washington, DC 20554. Comments and reply comments will be available
for public inspection during normal business hours in the Dockets
Reference Room of the Federal Communications Commission, 1919 M
Street, NW., Washington, DC 20554.
12. Ex-Parte Rules-Non-Restricted Proceeding
   This is a non-restricted notice and comment rule making proceeding.
Ex parte presentations are permitted, except during the Sunshine
Agenda period, provided they are disclosed as provided in Commission
rules. See generally 47 CFR 1.1202, 1.1203 and 1.1206(a).
   13. For further information on this proceeding contact David
Wilson, Technical Standards Branch, Office of Engineering and
Technology, 202-653-8138.
List of Subjects in 47 CFR Parts 2 and 15:
   Communications equipment, Wiretapping and electronic surveillance.
Federal Communications Commission.
Donna R. Searcy,
   Parts 2 and 15 of title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations are
proposed to be amended as follows:
PART 2-FREQUENCY ALLOCATIONS AND RADIO TREATY MATTERS; GENERAL RULES
AND REGULATIONS
   1. The authority citation for part 2 continues to read as follows:
   Authority: Secs. 4, 302, 303 and 307 of the Communications Act of
1934, as amended, 47 U.S.C. 154, 154(i), 302, 303, 303(r) and 307.
   2. Section 2.975 is amended by adding a new paragraph (a)(8) to read as follows:
2.975   Application for notification.
   (a) * * *
   (8) Applications for the notification of receivers contained in frequency converters used with scanning receivers shall be accompanied by an exhibit indicating compliance with the provisions of 15.121 of this chapter.
*     *     *     *     *        3. Section 2.1033 is amended by adding a new paragraph (b)(12) to read as follows:
2.1033   Application for certification.
*     *     *     *     *        (b) * * *
   (12) Applications for the certification of scanning receivers under
part 15 shall be accompanied by an exhibit indicating compliance with
the provisions of 15.122 of this chapter.  * * * * *
PART 15-RADIO FREQUENCY DEVICES
   1. The authority citation for part 15 continues to read as follows:
   Authority: Secs. 4, 302, 303 and 307 of the Communications Act of
1934, as amended, 47 U.S.C. 154, 302, 303 and 307.
   2. Section 15.37 is amended by adding a last sentence to paragraph
(b), and adding a new paragraph (f), to read as follows:
15.37   Transition provisions for compliance with the rules.
*     *     *     *     *        (b) * * * In addition, receivers are subject to the provisions in
paragraph (f) of this section.  * * * * *
   (f) The manufacture or importation of scanning receivers, and
frequency converters used with scanning receivers, that do not comply
with the provisions of 15.121 shall cease on or before April 26, 1994.
Effective April 26, 1993, the Commission will not accept applications
for equipment authorization for receivers that do not comply with the
provisions of 15.121.  This paragraph does not prohibit the sale or
use of authorized receivers manufactured in the United States, or
imported into the United States, prior to April 26, 1994.
   3. Section 15.121 is added to read as follows:
15.121 Scanning receivers and frequency converters used with scanning
   Scanning receivers, and frequency converters used with scanning
receivers, must be incapable of operating (tuning), or readily being
altered by the user to operate, within the frequency bands allocated
to the Domestic Public Cellular Radio Telecommunications Service.
Receivers capable of "readily being altered by the user" include, but
are not limited to, those for which the ability to receive
transmissions in the restricted bands can be added by clipping the
leads of, or installing, a diode, resistor and/or jumper wire; or
replacing a plug-in semiconductor chip. Scanning receivers, and
frequency converters used with scanning receivers, must also be
incapable of converting digital cellular transmissions to analog voice
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-05-14 15:34:35
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Questions to the White House from the Digital Privacy and Security Working Group 
Cypherpunks will recognize some of the questions from the
brainstorming session of a few weeks ago.
------- Forwarded Message
...  The Digital Privacy and Security Working Group, coordinated by
the Electronic Frontier Foundation, sent the following questions to the
White House, the Department of Commerce, and key members of Congress.
Digital Privacy and Security Working Group
666 Pennsylvania Ave, SE Suite 303
Washington, DC  20003
Jerry Berman or Daniel J. Weitzner   202/544-9237
Leah Gurowitz  202/544-6909
ISSUES AND QUESTIONS REGARDING THE ADMINISTRATION'S CLIPPER CHIP PROPOSAL
A. Process by Which the Proposal Was Developed
1.      Why the secrecy in which the encryption code scheme was developed? Were any members of the computer, communications, or security industries
consulted? Were any privacy experts consulted? Has the Justice Department
or the White House Office of Legal Counsel considered the constitutional
2.      The Administration's announcement implies that a policy review on
encryption has been commenced; but at the same time, it appears that a
decision has already been reached to support the Clipper proposal or some
other key-escrow scheme.  Is any review of the Clipper chip itself now
underway?  What progress has been made?  When will this expedited review be
3.      What role has the National Security Agency played in the
development and selection of the Clipper Chip and key escrow system?  What
will NSA's role be in the deployment and evaluation of the system?  Are
these roles consistent with the principle of civilian control of computer
security, as required by the Computer Security Act of 1987?
4.      What efforts are underway to improve the government's ability to
decrypt non-Clipper algorithms which are likely to be used by criminals? Can the government decrypt all commercially available hardware sold
domestically and abroad? If not, wouldn't it be a better policy to direct
U.S. resources in that direction instead of the Clipper approach?
5.      What percentage of the 800 to 900 annual Title III interceptions
encounter encrypted communications?  What percentage of law enforcement
encountered encryption is estimated to be Clipper as opposed to the other
encryption schemes?  Is this a solution in search of a problem?
6.      Did the government consider commercially-available encryption
schemes and reject them? If so, why were they rejected, and is that
analysis available? If not, why not?
7.      Capstone is the successor to Clipper with the addition of public
key exchange and digital signature capabilities. Is Clipper just an
intermediate step before Capstone is released? Why did the White House
press release not mention Capstone?
8.      How will this relate to the FBI's Digital Telephony Proposal?  Has
the Administration committed to supporting, discarding or reintroducing the
proposal in a new form?
9.      What is the history of the proposal?  How long has this been under
10.     How long has the Clipper Chip and escrow concept been in
development?  Which agency originated these concepts?
B. Secrecy of the Algorithm
11.     Will the Clipper proposal have the same degree of public review
that other NIST standards, such as DSS have gone through?
12.     How can the public trust the security and reliability of an
algorithm that is kept classified?
13.     If American firms are not able to have their encryption experts
examine the algorithm, how can they be sure that there is no "trap door"
that would allow any Clipper Chip security system to be overridden?  Dr.
Kammer of NIST has said that "respected experts from outside the government
will be offered access" to the algorithm. How do interested parties go
about obtaining this access to the classified material about the Clipper
algorithm and participate in the analysis of the design to search for trap
doors and other weaknesses?  What specific reports from this process will
serve to reassure users regarding the integrity of the Clipper Chip?
14.     What will be the consequence if the algorithm is published? Will it
become less secure?  If publication (i.e., de-classification) would make it
less secure, how secure can it be? 15.     If the Clipper Chip is too weak to protect classified government
communications, why should it be used for sensitive proprietary private
sector communications?
16.     Executive Order 12356 has procedures on classification and
declassification of information.  Is the algorithm being classified under
the framework of this order? What agency is in charge of classification/
17.     How much effort has the government put into the design and
cryptoanalysis of the Clipper Chip as compared to the public analysis of
the Data Encryption Standard during the last 16 years?
18.     Is the Skipjack algorithm being used by the Clipper Chip derived
from codes used in the management of our nuclear arsenal?  Is this why the
algorithm is being kept secret?  If this is so, why are we using this
secret system for a dubious commercial standard?  If there is a national
security justification to avoid having this encryption technique revealed,
why risk compromising it by integrating it into publicly distributed
19.     If the algorithm is classified, how will it be legal to distribute
the chips to users not qualified to handle classified encryption equipment?
This seems contrary to Facility Security Clearance procedures and the
Personal Security Clearance requirements of DoD 5220.222-M, Industrial
Security Manual for Safeguarding Classified Information.
20.     Is it illegal to reverse engineer the Clipper Chip?  If it were
reverse engineered, would it then be illegal to reveal the algorithm?  C. Voluntariness of Clipper System
21.     Will this system be truly voluntary? If so, won't criminals and
terrorists just use some other type of encryption?
22.     If the use of the Clipper Chip is "voluntary," why would any party
desiring privacy or secrecy of communications use it, knowing that the US.
government has a process to allow decryption?  If the Administration's
ultimate goal is to ban other forms of encryption for use domestically,
what is the legal basis for such an approach?
23.     Isn't the Administration doing more than "encouraging" use of
Clipper?  (E.g., discontinuing DES at the end of the current certification
cycle, directing NIST to adopt Clipper as a Federal standard, and
maintaining export restrictions on hardware/software using different
24.     Does the government have any plans to campaign for the
implementation of the Clipper Chip as a standard for data cryptography?
25.     What impact will the introduction of Clipper have on the market for
other encryption technologies?  Will the government otherwise try to
discourage other cryptographic mechanisms from being marketed domestically
and abroad?
26.     Isn't the government dictating the design of technology into
commercial products rather than allowing market demand to dictate?
27.     What prevents a sender of information from encrypting with secure,
easy to obtain software using DES or RSA algorithms before sending data
through a channel encrypted with the Clipper system?
28.     Would the Administration ever consider making the Clipper Chip or
other key escrow system mandatory?
D. Key Escrow System
29.     How can the government assure us that the keys held in escrow are
not compromised?  What public or private agencies have sufficient integrity
and public trust to serve as escrow agents?
30.     How can the public be sure that keys will only be revealed upon
proper warrant?  Will there be clerks who actually operate the equipment
who could get anyone's keys?  Or will judges have personal keys, which
would be directly authenticated to the escrow agents' equipment that
protects the users' keys?
31.     Once the keys are obtained from the escrow holders, is it
envisioned that electronic surveillance can be done "real-time," or will
recording and post-processing be required?
32.     To hear both sides of a conversation, does law enforcement need the
keys of both participants?
33.     After law enforcement has properly obtained a pair of unit keys
from the escrow agents and conducted a wiretap, will the keys be "returned"
to the agents?  What safeguards exist to prevent law enforcement from
re-using the keys without authorization in the future?
34.     Once in possession of the unit keys, can the government pretend to
be ("spoof") the original unit owner?
35.     What is the smallest number of people who would be in a position to
compromise the security of the system?
36.     Can an escrow agent exercise discretion in the release of key
information?  E.g., can they refuse an inappropriate request?  (Phone
companies ensure that court orders are facially valid.)  Can they publicize
an inappropriate request?  Can they tell the person whose communications
were intended to be violated?
37.     Who will be responsible for auditing the escrow process and the use
of revealed keys?
38.     How will the government ensure that unanticipated uses of the
escrow database are prevented in the long term?  (E.g., the Census database
was supposed to stay confidential for 75 years, but was released during
World War Two to allow Japanese-Americans to be imprisoned without cause. What protections are in place to make sure that this never happens again?
39.     What happens when one discovers that the keys have been captured
through theft?  How difficult would it be to change keys?  What is done in
the meanwhile?  How difficult is it to reprogram the chip, or do you need a
40.     If the chip can be reprogrammed, how do you prevent covert changes
that will not be discovered until authorization to tap is received and
execution of the warrant is forestalled?
41.     It appears that once a given chip has been compromised due to use
of the escrowed keys, the chip and the equipment it is used in are
vulnerable forever.  Is there any mechanism or program to re-key or replace
compromised hardware?  Is there any method for a potential acquiring party
to verify whether the keys on a given chip have been compromised?  Who
should bear the cost of replacement or re-keying of compromised hardware?
42.     What safeguards will be used when transporting the escrow keys?
43.     What are the national security implications of widespread
deployment of Clipper?  Does it make our communications more susceptible to
disruption or jamming?
44.     Doesn't the two-escrowee approach make these locations targets of
opportunity for any party or foreign government that wants to gain access
to sensitive US. information?  If an escrow location is compromised, all
chip data contained there is compromised.  Wouldn't these locations also
become targets of opportunity for any criminal or terrorist organization
that wanted to disrupt US. law enforcement?  What back-up or physical
security measures are envisioned?  If multiple copies are kept, doesn't
this increase the threat of compromise?
E. Choice of Agents for the Keys
45.     Who will be the agents for the keys? How secure will they be from
the outside and from the inside?  What is the cost of maintaining the
escrow system?  Who will pay?  Who will profit?
46.     When will the escrow agents be announced? Will there be a process
to allow input into the selection of these individuals/agencies?
47.     Although it has been reported that the escrow holders will not be
the FBI, DoD, CIA or NSA, is it envisioned that one or both of the escrow
locations will be non-government entities?  Can one or both be private
parties?  What will the process be to determine what private party will be
awarded the contract for key holder?
48.     Can the set of escrow agents be changed after the initial
selection? How can the government be prevented from moving the escrow
contract to a more pliable escrow agent, if one of the agents stands up
against the government for the rights of the people whose keys they are
49.     Will escrow agents be immune from prosecution during their term of
office, like Members of Congress, the President, and Justices of the
Supreme Court?  If not, what will prevent the government from harassing the
agents during a dispute with the Justice Department?
50.     Will there be a mechanism for particular people to keep their keys
out of the key escrow database, or to obtain Clipper Chips with keys that
have not been escrowed? (E.g. Judges, law enforcement officers, NSA
officials, the President, etc.)
F. Level of Security of Clipper Chip Encryption
51.     How will the government assure American businesses that their
proprietary information is not compromised?  Given the extremely
competitive nature of the high-tech industries, and the importance of
intellectual property, how can American firms be adequately protected?
52.     How will the government assure American citizens that the privacy
of their electronic communications and the security of personal information
that is transmitted in electronic form will all be secure under the Clipper
53.     f the Administration is so confident about the level of security of
the Clipper Chip scheme, why will classified information not be encrypted
with it?
54.     What warranty is the US. government prepared to make regarding the
security of the Clipper Chip compared to other algorithms, and indemnity
for failures for breaches of the algorithm, chips that are compromised due
to failures in the security of the escrow system, or other failures in the
Clipper approach?  55.     What effect does Clipper have on other NSA and DOD programs aimed
at encryption and authentication of unclassified messages (e.g., MOSAIC)?
56.     If Clipper is not approved for classified traffic, what government
agencies will be utilizing Clipper, and for what applications?
57.     Normal security procedures involve changing cryptography keys
periodically, in case one has been compromised. But the family and unit
keys cannot be changed by the user. If these keys are compromised, it won't
matter how frequently the user changed their session keys. Doesn't the long
use of the same family and unit keys increase the likelihood that these
keys will be compromised while they are still in use? Doesn't this also
eliminate a significant degree of the user's control of the level of
security that their his or her system provides?
58.     If the government discovered that the algorithm or family key had
been discovered by a foreign government or private individuals, would it
tell the public that the system had been compromised?  Are there plans to
restore privacy and authentication if the algorithm is compromised?
59.     How secure is the Clipper algorithm if it is attacked by a person
with half the key? G. Level of Privacy Protection
60.     Given the dramatic growth in transmission and storage of personal
information in electronic form, does the Administration recognize that
private individuals, as well as large organizations, need access to
affordable, robust encryption systems?
61.     Is law enforcement permitted to identify the specific piece of
communications equipment without obtaining a warrant?  If encrypted
communications include the serial number ("chip family key"), will law
enforcement be able to keep track of communications traffic and track
private citizens without even securing the keys from the escrow agents?
62.     Does the Administration believe that all household phones are going
to be replaced with secure versions over some period of time?  At what
63.     It has been impossible to keep any large collection of information
completely private, including Social Security records, tax information,
police files, motor vehicle records, medical records, video rentals, highly
classified military information, and information on abuses of power. How
will users be able to tell when this happens to the key escrow information?
H. Constitutional/Legal Implications
64.     Has the Administration fully considered the constitutional
implications of the Clipper Chip and other key escrow systems?
65.     Does forcing someone to disclose a key for future law enforcement
access infringe the fundamental right against self incrimination embodied
in the Fifth Amendment?
66.     Does requiring key disclosure in conjunction with a particular
technology violate users' right to free speech under the First Amendment? Courts frown most severely on any government attempts to compel a
particular form of speech.
67.     Does the escrow system violate the letter or the spirit of the
Fourth Amendment protections which safeguard citizens against intrusive law
enforcement practices?
68.     When the Administration says "nor is the U.S. saying that 'every
American, as a matter of right, is entitled to an unbreakable commercial
encryption product,'" are they therefore saying the inverse, that every
American is not allowed to have an unbreakable commercial encryption
69.     Does the Administration see the need for any new legislation to
implement its Clipper Chip proposal? If so, specifically identify.
70.     In the event that one or more escrow keys are obtained through
unauthorized means, what liability, if any, might the equipment
manufacturer have to bear?
71.     What will be the relationship between Federal and state law
enforcement?  Will the policy pre-empt state law?  How will state law
enforcement access the "key" system?
72.     What is the statutory authority for regulation of domestic
encryption?  Are any of these statutes cold war relics?  Should the
efficacy of all statutes that effect civilian encryption be reviewed?
73.     What protections do we have against blackmailing by escrow agents,
or by others who have gained possession of escrowed keys?  Is there civil
or criminal liability for escrow agents who reveal keys illegally?
74.     What is the impact on society if the right to hold a truly private
conversation is withdrawn?
75.     Is strong encryption technology important for protecting
intellectual property in a digital network environment?
I. Logistics of Chip Development and Manufacture
76.     Why weren't other Chip manufacturers given the chance to bid on the
chip production process?  Why was the choice made to have only one
77.     Since the Clipper Chip design data will need to be released to
manufacturers, how will we be assured that this information, in itself,
will not allow the user systems to be compromised?
78.     What assurances will there be that the manufacturer is not keeping
a record of all keys issued?
79.     We have read Dorothy Denning's explanation of how the two 80-bit
keys will be created in the SCIF.  Is this description accurate? If not,
how would this process occur? If so, is the system feasible? What will the
cost be for this process and for the increased security of the involved
government agents?
80.     The chips will be programmed in a Secure Compartmented Information
Facility (SCIF). Does this suggest that the chips should at some point be
classified Secret or Top Secret? What is the classification of the Clipper
and Capstone chips and the Skipjack algorithm? How will these chips be
declassified once leaving the SCIF?
81.     Some of the press reports imply that AT&T has had access to this
information in order to incorporate Clipper into some of its equipment
designs. Is that implication accurate?
82.     Can this scheme be implemented in software? If so, why haven't we
seen information on that software?  If not, were issues of how this
hardware solution would affect continued use of software encryption
adequately evaluated? Were the comparative costs of software and hardware
encryption schemes evaluated? Is this evaluation available for analysis?
83.     Current high speed DES processors have encryption rates of
approximately 200 megabits per second, while the Clipper Chip has a
throughput of 12.5 megabits per second.  Within two to five years, 100 Mbs+
technologies, such as Fast Ethernet, FDDI and ATM, will become commonplace.
 How will the Clipper technology be used in environments where data is sent
at 100 Mbs or faster?
J. Feasibility/Implementation
84.     What testing has been done to verify the ability of Clipper to work
across the panoply of new emerging technologies?  If the underlying digital
transport protocol drops a bit or two, will that interfere with Clipper
operation?  How critical is synchronization of the bit stream for Clipper
operation?  Has this technology been tested with ISDN, TDMA, Cellular, CDMA
Cellular, ATM, SONET, SMDS, etc. and other emerging technologies?  What
effect does Clipper have on the Cellular Authentication and Voice
Encryption (CAVE) algorithm?  Are these differences for key generation,
authentication, or voice privacy?
85.     Does the Administration seek to extend the Clipper Chip proposal to
the TDMA and CDMA digital cellular standards?
86.     When will the government publish the various Modes of Operation and
other documents for Clipper, together with a physical implementation
standard (similar to the old FS-1027)?
87.     Will the government consider the development of alternate sources
for the chip or will vendors be limited to a single, monopoly supplier?
88.     Initially, the Clipper Chip is being proposed for telephone
technology, but the White House specifically mentions that the technology
will be used for electronic data transmission. What is the timetable for
implementing this?
89.     What is the scope that the Administration envisions for the Clipper
Chip's algorithm use?  What about Capstone?  Is it limited to choice, or
does it encompass electronic mail, network encryption, security modems,
long-haul bulk encryptors, video applications, computer password
protection, Intelligent Vehicle Highway Systems ("IVHS"), satellite
communications -- both transport and control, electronic funds transfers,
etc.? 90.     What is the Administration's policy on other security mechanisms
beyond privacy, such as message authentication codes for banking and EFT,
and for integrity and digital signatures for sender authentication and
non-repudiation? What is the impact on international standards such as
X.500 and X.509?
91.     Since Clipper, as currently defined, cannot be implemented in
software, what options are available to those who can benefit from
cryptography in software? Was a study of the impact on these vendors or of
the potential cost to the software industry conducted?
92.     What is are the success criterion for the Clipper initiative? Would the government abandon its initiative if the Clipper is shown to be
unsuccessful beyond government use?
93.     What is the expected useful lifetime of the Clipper technology?
What do you expect will render it useless at some point?
94.     Is it true that the name "Clipper Chip" is the intellectual
property of another company?
K. Impact on American Competitiveness
95.     As the key-escrow approach is designed to ensure the ability of the
American government to access confidential data, do NIST and NSA expect
overseas customers (who do not have the protection of due process) to
purchase the chip for data protection?
96.     In testimony before the House Telecommunications Subcommittee, Mr.
Kammer of NIST indicated that if he were a foreign customer, he would not
purchase devices that included the Clipper Chip. Doesn't this raise serious
balance-of-trade problems?
97.     Will the technology, or the Chip itself, be shared with other
allied governments  (e.g., the UK), or will US. producers of data security
products, forced by government standards to develop clipper-based products
for the US. market, be permanently closed out of the overseas security
98.     If Clipper won't be commercially accepted abroad, and export
controls continue to prohibit the exportation of other encryption schemes,
isn't the US. government limiting American companies to a US. market?
99.     Given the restrictions on who can build Clipper devices, how will
Clipper keep up with advances in semiconductor speed, power, capacity and
integration? Openly available devices, such as Intel-compatible
microprocessors, have seen dramatic gains, but only because everyone was
free to try to build a better version.
100.    Will the Clipper Chip be used nationally and internationally? How
will multinational operations accommodate this new system?
101.    Banking and finance are truly global today. Most European financial
institutions use technology described in standards such as ISO 9796. Many
innovative new financial products and services will employ the reversible
cryptography described in these standards. Clipper does not comply with
these standards. Will US. financial institutions be able to export Clipper?
If so, will their overseas customers find Clipper acceptable?
102.    If overseas companies provide systems based on algorithms that do
not have key escrow schemes that encrypt faster and more securely, how will
we compete internationally? We are market leaders in applications software
and operating systems. our world leadership in operating systems is
dependent on integrating security in internationally distributed systems.
103.    Internet Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) is becoming an internationally
recognized system for encrypting Electronic Mail. Would Skipjack encryption
become a US. standard for encrypting electronic mail while the rest of the
world used PEM? How would E-mail traffic between the US. and other
countries be encrypted?
L. Effect on Export Control Policy
104.    In light of the Clipper initiative, will export restrictions on
hardware and software encryption regimes using DES and RSA algorithms
(which are widely available abroad) remain in place?
105.    Will American firms be allowed to sell devices containing the
Clipper Chip abroad? Under which governmental regulatory regime would
exports of devices containing the Clipper Chip fall? What conditions would
be applied to exports of devices containing the Clipper Chip? (E.g., would
American firms be allowed to export devices to non-US. customers without
the escrow requirement? If not, who would hold the keys?)
106.    What governmental regulations will apply to imports of devices
containing the Clipper Chip? Given that most US. companies source most
customer premise equipment (e.g., telephones, fax machines, etc.) offshore,
how will the logistics be handled for the export of the Clipper Chip as a
component, and the subsequent import of the device containing the chip?
Will the US. permit non-US. manufacturers to have the Clipper algorithm? If
not, how will the Administration justify this trade barrier?
107.    If the Clipper Chip cannot be reverse-engineered, and if the US.
government is capable of decrypting, why would there be any reason to limit
Clipper products from being exported?
108.    If Clipper is allowed to be exported, does the US. government
foresee a problem with other governments? Would the US. government's access
to escrow keys be viewed as an exercise of extraterritorial jurisdiction?
M. Implications for Installed-Base/Existing Products
109.    What are the implications of NSA/NIST withdrawing the certification
of DES? Although it may -- at some point in the future -- no longer be used
for government purposes, that is not going to effect commercial or private
users' applications of DES. What about the embedded base of DES hardware?
110.    Will existing systems need to be replaced?
111.    What efforts were spent to make the new encryption approach
compatible with the embedded base of equipment?  If DES was becoming weak
(vulnerable), wouldn't merely extending the DES key length to 80 bits have
solved that problem?
112.    There are a number of companies that employ non-escrowed
cryptography in their products today.  These products range from secure
voice, data, and fax, to secure e-mail, electronic forms, and software
distribution, to name but a few.  With over a million such products in use
today, what does the Clipper scheme foretell for these products and the
many corporations and individuals that are invested in them and use them? Will the investment made by the vendors in encryption-enhanced products be
protected?  If so, how?  Is it envisioned that they will add escrow
features to their products or be asked to employ Clipper?
N. Process by which Input Will Be Received from Industry/Public Interest Groups
113.    If the outcome of the policy review is not pre-ordained, then the
process to analyze the issues and arrive at solutions would seem to need a
great deal of definition. What roles have been identified for Congress, the
private sector, and other interested parties? Who is coordinating the
114.    Why does the Presidential directive on the review process remain
o     o     o     o     o
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-11-11 05:13:31
@_author: Daniel J. Weitzner 
@_subject: Government Accounting Office Report on Communications Privacy 
A few days ago, the Government Accounting Office (GAO) -- a pretty sharp
internal gov't investigative organization that's about a lot more than
accounting -- issued a report on communications privacy.  (Much of what's
in the report will probably raise of big "duh, we've been saying this for a
decade," from cypherpunks and other digerati, but it's still very important
to have the GAO saying this stuff.)
The report makes four very important findings:
1. Privacy-protecting technology (crytopgraphy) is increasingly important
for protecting the security of business communications and personal
information.  But federal policy is getting in the way of this technology.
"Increased use of computer and communications networks, computer literacy,
and dependence on information technology heighten US industries risk of
losing proprietary information to economic espionage.  In part to reduce
the risk, industry is more frequently using hardware and software with
encryption capabilities.  However, federal policies and actions stemming
from national security and law enforcement concerns hinder the use and the
export of U.S. commercial encryption technology and may hinder its
2. The NSA's role in this area is has been extensive, and possibly beyond
the spirit of the Computer Security Act. "Although the Computer Security Act of 1987 reaffirmed NIST's reponsibility
for developing federal information-processing standards for security of
sensitive, unclassified information, NIST follows NSA's lead in developing
certain cryptographic standards"
3. Opportunity for public input in the standards process has been
insufficient, leading to proposals like Clipper which lack public support.
"These policy issues are formulated and announced to the public, however,
with very little input from directly affected business interests, academia,
and others."
The report draws no specific policy conclusions, but provides excellent
ammunition for those of us who are trying to open up the standards process
and get export controls lifted.
Full text of the report (GAO/OSI-94-2 Communications Privacy: Federal
Policy and Actions) is supposed to be made available by ftp from GAO.  As
soon as it is, I'll let people know where it is.
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel              Electronic Frontier Foundation                        202-347-5400 (v) 1001 G St, NW  Suite 950 East                         202-393-5509 (f)
Washington, DC 20001
*** Join EFF!!!  Send mail to membership at eff.org for information ***

@_date: 1993-11-11 08:09:11
@_author: Daniel J. Weitzner 
@_subject: Government Accounting Office Report on Communications Privacy 
Thanks for the correction.  That's what happens when I  post too early in
the morning.
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel              Electronic Frontier Foundation                        202-347-5400 (v) 1001 G St, NW  Suite 950 East                         202-393-5509 (f)
Washington, DC 20001
*** Join EFF!!!  Send mail to membership at eff.org for information ***

@_date: 1993-10-07 12:25:32
@_author: Daniel J. Weitzner 
@_subject: Fiberpunks?  (Was - Really Cheap Crypto) 
String is, indeed, an critical privacy-protecting technology, but alas, a
threat to national security as well.  Perhaps someone will have to start a
fiberpunks movement.
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G St, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC 20001
202-347-5400 (v) 202-393-5509 (f)

@_date: 1993-10-11 13:19:50
@_author: Daniel J. Weitzner 
@_subject: Zimmerman on the Hill....(the details) 
Phil Zimmermann will be testifying Tuesday October 12th at 1:30 pm:
Rayburn Room 2172 House Foreign Affairs Committee
Subcommittee on Economic Policy, Trade, and the Environment
Also featured will be demos of DES downloaded from foreign ftp sites and a
large array of foreign-produced DES-based security packages.
[It's always wise to check the room assigned on the day of the hearing.]
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G St, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC 20001
202-347-5400 (v) 202-393-5509 (f)

@_date: 1993-10-13 08:06:39
@_author: Daniel J. Weitzner 
@_subject: Notes from House Hearing on Cryptography Export Controls 
October 12, 1993
House Foreign Affairs Committee
Subcommittee on Economic Policy, Trade, and the Enviornment
Hearing on mass market cryptography and export controls
Rep. Sam Gejdenson (D-Conn.), Chair
[A hopefully informative and probably biased account of the hearing by EFF]
Committee Members present:
Gejdenson, Cantwell (D-Wash.), Fingerhut (D-Ohio), Rohrbacher (R-Calif.)
Manzullo (R-Ill.) PANEL 1 (Open)
J. Hendren, Arkansas Systems (A data security firm that does a lot of
international banking work)
Ray Ozzie, IRIS Associates for Business Software Alliance (Lotus Notes
Stephen Walker, Trusted Information Systems for Software Publishers Association
Philip Zimmermann, PGP developer
Don Harbert, Digital Eqiupment Corp.
PANEL 2 (Secret Session)
NSA representative
Opening Statement of Gejdenson: "This hearing is about the well intentioned attempts of the National
Security Agency to try to control the uncontrollable....  The NSA itself
acknowledges that if you have a long distance telephone line and a modem,
you can send this software anywhere in the world.  If you have a computer
and a modem you can take this software off of the Internet anywhere in the
world....  I do not question the value of the information sought by the
National Security Agency.  But once it is determined that the dispersion of
this software cannot be controlled, then however much we might want to
protect our ability to obtain information, it is beyond our means to do so.
 Just as in the case of telecommunications, the National Security Agency is
attempting to put the genie back in the bottle.  It won't happen; and a
vibrant and productive sector of American indsutry may be sacrificed in the
The main points raised by witnesses were these:
1. DES and other strong encryption which is barred by ITAR is in the public
domain and available on the global market from foreign software
-Ray Ozzie used his laptop and a modem to show how to get a DES
implementation from ftp.germany.eu.net.  The committee loved it and most of
them seemed to understand what was going on on the screen, even though they
had never heard of ftp.
-Stephen Walker described the results of an SPA study which uncovered over
250 cryptography packages which offer DES-based or stronger algorithms.
-Phil Zimmermann testified that he designed PGP from publicly available
2. Foreign DES implementations are just as good as US versions. Surprisingly enough, this is a contentious issue.  Some members of the
committee seemed to have been told by someone or another that foreign
versions of DES may not be as strong as those that are made in the USA.  If
this were true, then export controls might still be justified despite the
numerous foreign versions of DES on the market.  In my view, this is a
pretty desperate argument.
-Steve Walker demonstrated that all DES works the same way by encrypting a
passage from Mozart's Eine Kleine Nachtmusik with several different foreign
DES packages, and then decrypting them.  Surprise!  They all sounded just
the same.
3. Lots of money is being lost by US software/hardware vendors:
-Don Harbert from DEC told of loses of over $70 Million in just the last
few months.
-BSA estimates that export controls exclude access to a global market the
is $6-9 Billion.
4. People want their privacy
-Phil Zimmermann told the committee about his experience with PGP users and
how badly people need and want to protect their privacy in electronic
Committee Responses:
Overall, the committee was quite sympathetic to the witnesses.  Chairman
Gejdenson seemed very supportive of changing export controls.  Rep. Dana
Rohrbacher, no flaming liberal, said, "the cold war is over.  I sympathize
with everything that has been said here."  Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G St, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC 20001
202-347-5400 (v) 202-393-5509 (f)

@_date: 1993-10-21 15:22:54
@_author: Daniel J. Weitzner 
@_subject: 700 Club etc. 
I'm not sure that the FBI would agree with the second half of your statement...
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G St, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC 20001
202-347-5400 (v) 202-393-5509 (f)

@_date: 1994-04-28 12:45:19
@_author: Daniel J. Weitzner 
@_subject: Satellites, the NSA, & Clipper 
I just returned from a presentation at Comsat about Clipper and other
crypto issues.  They asked EFF & NIST to come and square off before them so
that they could begin to think about the issues.  They may not get too
deeply involved, but most of the manufacturers & users represented seemed
quite sympathetic to our position.  I also picked up an amusing tidbit.  All satellites that carry US
government traffic must have an NSA-designed black box which secures the
satellite control channel from enemy interference (ie. Libya tries to move
US satellites around to screw up our communications).
Guess who builds the black box.  You got it, Mykotronx.
"Only in a police state is the job of a policeman easy."
--Orson Welles
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel              Electronic Frontier Foundation                        202-347-5400 (v) 1001 G St, NW  Suite 950 East                         202-393-5509 (f)
Washington, DC 20001
*** Join EFF!!!  Send mail to membership at eff.org for information ***

@_date: 1994-02-11 07:20:29
@_author: Daniel J. Weitzner 
@_subject: FLASH: Vice President Gore Questions Current Key Escrow Policy! 
Part of waking up and smelling the coffee is realizing that there IS a
government out there which makes and enforces laws which have an impact on
all of us.  Now I happen to believe that, on balance, it's a good thing to
have a government that is at least marginally representative.  But even if
I didn't believe that, I would believe that we should be working to change
laws that screw up our lives.
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping
tom to install your window blinds.    - John Perry Barlow, EFF co-founder
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is working to protect your privacy.  To
help stop Clipper and eliminate export controls on cryptography, support a
bill introduced in the House of Representatives, HR 3627.  To support the
bill, send email to .
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel              Electronic Frontier Foundation                        202-347-5400 (v) 1001 G St, NW  Suite 950 East                         202-393-5509 (f)
Washington, DC 20001
*** Join EFF!!!  Send mail to membership at eff.org for information ***

@_date: 1994-02-23 22:48:55
@_author: Daniel J. Weitzner 
@_subject: FLASH: FBI's Draft Digital Telephony Bill: EFF Summary and Analysis 
Electronic Frontier Foundation Statement on FBI Draft Digital Telephony Bill
        EFF has received a draft of the FBI's new, proposed "Digital
Telephony" bill.  After initial analysis, we strongly condemn bill, which
would require all common carriers to construct their networks to deliver to
law enforcement agencies, in real time, both the contents of all
communications on their networks and the "signalling" or transactional
information.          In short, the bill lays the groundwork for turning the National
Information Infrastructure into a nation-wide surveillance system, to be
used by law enforcement with few technical or legal safeguards.  This image
is not hyperbole, but a real assessment of the power of the technology and
inadequacy of current legal and technical privacy protections for users of
communications networks.
        Although the FBI suggests that the bill is primarily designed to
maintain status quo wiretap capability in the face of technological
changes, in fact, it seeks vast new surveillance and monitoring tools. Among the new powers given to law enforcement are:
1. Real-time access to transactional information creates the ability to
monitor individuals in real time.
        The bill would require common carrier network (telephone companies
and anyone who plans to get into the telephone business, such as cable TV
companies) to deliver, in real time, so called "call setup information." In the simplest case, call setup information is a list of phone numbers
dialed by a given telephone currently under surveillance.  As we all come
to use electronic communications for more and more purposes, however, this
simple call setup information could also reveal what movies we've order,
which online information services we've connected to, which political
bulletin boards we've dialed, etc. With increasing use of
telecommunications, this simple transactional information reveals almost as
much about our private lives as would be learned if someone literally
followed us around on the street, watching our every move.
        We are all especially vulnerable to this kind of surveillance,
because, unlike wiretapping the *content* of our communications, it is
quite easy for law enforcement to get permission to obtain this
transactional information.  Whereas courts scrutinize wiretap requests very
carefully, authorizations for access to call setup information are
routinely granted with no substantive review.  Some federal agencies, such
as the IRS, even have the power to issue administrative subpoenas on their
own, without appearing before a court.          The real impact of the FBI proposal turns, in part, on the fact
that it is easy to obtain court approval for seizing transactional data.
       The change from existing law contained in the FBI proposal is that
carriers would have to deliver this call setup information *in real time*,
directly to a remote listening post designated by law enforcement.  Today,
the government can obtain this information, but generally has to install a
device (called a 'pen register') which is monitored manually at the
telephone company switching office.
2. Access to communication and signalling information for any mobile
communication, regardless of location allows tracking of an individual's
        The bill requires that carriers be able to deliver either the
contents or transactional information associated with any subscriber, even
if that person is moving around from place to place with a cellular or PCS
phone.  It is conceivable that law enforcement could use the signalling
information to identify that location of a target, whether that person is
the subject of a wiretap order, or merely a subpoena for call setup
        This provision takes a major step beyond current law in that it
allows for a tap and/or trace on a *person*, as opposed to mere
surveillance of a telephone line.
3. Expanded access to electronic communications services, such as the
Internet, online information services, and BBSs.
        The privacy of electronic communications services such as
electronic mail is also put at grave risk.  Today, a court order is
required under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act to obtain the
contents of electronic mail, for example.  Those ECPA provisions would
still apply for the contents of such messages, but the FBI bill suggests
that common carriers might be responsible for delivering the addressing
information associated with electronic mail and other electronic
communications.  For example, if a user connects to the Internet over local
telephone lines, law enforcement might be able to demand from the telephone
company information about where the user sent messages, and into which
remote systems that user connects.  All of this information could be
obtained by law enforcement without every receiving a wiretap order.
4. The power to shut down non-compliant networks
        Finally, the bill proposes that the Attorney General have the power
to shut down any common carrier service that fails to comply with all of
these requirements.  Some have already called this the "war powers"
provision.  Granting the Department of Justice such control over our
nation's communications infrastructure is a serious threat to our First
Amendment right to send and receive information, free from undue government
The posting represents EFF's initial response to the new FBI proposal. Several documents, including the full text of the proposed bill and a more
detailed section-by-section analysis are available by anonymous ftp on
EFF's ftp site.
This docuemnt is digtel94.announce
The documents can be located via ftp, gopher, or www, as follows:
for gopher, same but replace first part with:
for WWW, same but replace first part with:
Press inquiries, contact:
Jerry Berman, Executive Director Daniel Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel +1 202-347-5400
"I believe in markets doing what they do well, which is to develop technology,
and letting citizens do what they ideally do well, which is to set policy."
-Esther Dyson, President, EDventure Holdings, Inc.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is working to protect your privacy.  To
help stop Clipper and eliminate export controls on cryptography, support a
bill introduced in the House of Representatives, HR 3627.  To support the
bill, send email to .
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel              Electronic Frontier Foundation                        202-347-5400 (v) 1001 G St, NW  Suite 950 East                         202-393-5509 (f)
Washington, DC 20001
*** Join EFF!!!  Send mail to membership at eff.org for information ***
