
@_date: 2009-07-20 10:47:33
@_author: Fisher, Darleen L. 
@_subject: Invitation to Future Internet Information Meeting July 29, 2009 
You are invited to attend an information meeting to hear about plans
that CISE/NSF has to support research into overarching architectures
for a Future Internet.
Future Internet architecture encompasses the overarching structure and
protocol-based interaction of network components with the wide range
of networked entities, including security and trust, network
management, the traditional layers 1 and 2 (technology use of and
support for fiber optics, wireless networks, sensor networks, etc.
insofar as they impact an overall architecture) and layers 3 and 4
(network and transport functions).  Applications, web services,
distributed content networks, real-time social interaction such as
games, social networks over the digital communication network (as
opposed to networks of people only), service delivery, etc. make
difficult demands on the overarching architecture and need to be
considered as part of the architectural effort.
CISE calls for multidisciplinary research that addresses the question
of how to design Future Internet architectures, understanding what is
now known about requirements and mechanisms, considering lessons from
the past, incorporating what is good, proposing new approaches where
they are needed, and fitting these ideas into fresh overarching
architectures that reach beyond core networking. In this respect, the
process of design has been called clean slate in that the research
is not to be constrained by features of existing networks.
Information about the meeting:
Reception: 6:30 pm  8:30 pm on July 28, 2009
Information Meeting:  9:00 am -4:00 pm on July 29, 2009
Location: Westin Gateway Hotel 801 N. Glebe Road, Arlington, VA
Registration Site for the meeting:
The Westin is holding a block of sleeping rooms for this meeting. You
may register for a room by clicking on Hotel on the registration
website above and registering for a hotel room. The block of rooms is
available until July 22, 2009 on a first come, first serve basis. Note
NSF is not providing attendee travel support.
This information meeting is being jointly sponsored by CISE/NSF and
Who should attend?
Researchers from the CISE research community who have a systems view
with cross-cutting expertise that would be essential for designing a
viable trustworthy Future Internet
Researchers interested in evaluation of Future Internets
Experts in security and privacy
Experts in economics and other social scientists who have an interest
in a Future Internet
Application designers who want to impact what a Future Internet could
enable and deliver
Individuals, from other domains, such as law, biology, health sciences
or application designers, and with different perspectives, whose
knowledge and expertise can be brought to bear on the design and
development of future Internets in the context of a range of
scientific, technical, economic and social challenges
Please send this email to colleagues you think would be interested in
attending this information meeting.
If you are unable to attend, the meeting will be live webcast and the
webcast will be stored on the CISE homepage.  Instructions for how to
access the live web cast will be posted on the CISE homepage as well.
For more information about research conducted to date on components of
a Future Internet as well as papers, slides and activities, please go to
Archives: RSS Feed: Powered by Listbox:
